there was a gay pride march that took
place in Chicago and even though there
was a larger more inclusive gay rights
march there was also an additional March
known as the Dyke March that's what they
titled it and interestingly enough even
though this was supposed to be about
inclusion tolerance and acceptance it
turned out to be the opposite for a
certain group of people now apparently
there were some protesters who were
Jewish they identified as gay and they
wanted to not only represent their pride
for being gay but they also wanted to
represent their pride for being Jewish
so they had these rainbow flags that
also included the Star of David well
apparently some people were triggered by
that and decided to kick these
individuals out of the March now the
Jewish Star of David flag was banned
from the city's annual Dyke March
celebrations and several people carrying
the flag were removed from the March
because their presents quote made people
feel unsafe rip nonsense or totally
ridiculous okay what okay let me
continue the Dyke March is described by
organizers as being a more inclusive
more social justice oriented March than
the city's main Pride Parade
no but it's not it actually ended up
being the exact opposite are you kidding
me right now so they're they're
concerned about you know the
israeli-palestinian conflict and what
the Star of David represents they're
worried that some people who are
pro-palestinian in that conflict will be
triggered in a negative way by seeing
the Star of David
yeah but the Star of David doesn't
simply symbolize Israel or specifically
the Israeli government
it symbolizes Jewish religion right so
it's what are you guys doing I just I
don't even know I don't even know what
political ideology I fall on or fall in
but this is not it this is insane so by
the way I want you two guys to be clear
we're not using the word trigger
apparently they did
Laurel growl or was the mantra was
kicked out one of the marchers escape
that she said they were telling me to
leave because my flag was a trigger to
people that they found offensive prior
to this March I had never been harassed
or asked to leave and I had always
carried the flag with me she'd acts
been going for 10 years decade for over
a decade to the March so it's not a
trick like she's not trying to
infiltrate the Dyke March to put an
Israeli flag in there and go got you
right no it's just a Jewish lesbian who
wanted to take pride in in her identity
in in both ways it's the whole thing is
about pride you can't say okay you're
proud of one part of the identity but
your other part of your identity
triggers us and look now let me be clear
I know the direction that they went in
and then let me talk about the
misdirection so the direction is we're
really against Israel's occupation of
the Palestinian people and we want to be
inclusive and thoughtful about the
Palestinian people so the beginning of
the road is good that Israel does have
an occupation I'm totally against that
occupation I think it's a terrible idea
overall not just for the Palestinians
but also for Israel I think that it is
morally corrupting and and I think that
we've had we've tried it for over 50
years it's not working in order for
Israel to be what it wants to be in and
maintain democracy you have to have a
two-state solution so if that was your
intent okay great I agree with that goal
of ending the occupation but even if it
wasn't just for it of course
Anna's a thousand percent right and that
should be a conversation under the star
David is also about being Jewish and not
being Israeli there's no evidence that
any of these people are Israeli or even
supportive and by the way exactly that
there might be people who decided to fly
that flag and they are Israeli but that
doesn't even necessarily mean that
they're in agreement with what Israel's
government is doing with the occupation
there's three layers of this and none of
it is right they could just be Jewish
and they could be against occupation and
you kick them up for no reason at all
right and number two is they could be
for Israel and and there's nothing wrong
with this you could be for Israel now
you say well I mean there's something
wrong because the Israel's in favor with
occupation but then another protestor
made a great point about that Ruthie
Steiner I say protest I mean marchers
she wanted to be a martyr
she's also in the same community and she
said is every nation which does not have
a clean civil rights record and also
hosts a pride parade now guilty of pink
washing so pink washing is what they
accuse Israel of you're good on LGBT
issues but you're in their opinion
terrible against the Palestinians so
your pink washing your crimes against
the Palestinians by being decent to two
gay people but then you can use that
argument roofies right you can use that
argument against any country including
America that's right we have other
issues with civil rights in this country
certainly so by being decent LGBT people
are we pink washing our crimes in
Ferguson or an elsewhere it's a
preposterous argument so they're they're
wrong in almost every imaginable way
it's it's kind of amazing because I feel
like some people on the far far left are
like they're just in the business of
making enemies out of allies right like
they're offended by everything
everything triggers them they need a
safe space really you need a safe space
from the Star of David yeah that's the
other thing it just drove me crazy I
can't take it anymore I really can't
like please grow a set of balls and like
being cliff you're genuinely concerned
with being inclusive you don't practice
what you preach
by excluding people because you feel
unsafe by a flag are you by the flag
that has the Star of David on it which
is like in my opinion one of the least
offensive things imaginable we get on
the right wing all the time for being
Orwellian when they say freedom when
they try and take your freedom away they
say they're gonna reform something when
they're going to try to kill it and the
list goes on and on so if you say you're
inclusive don't be excluding people it's
Orwellian and so it's a weird warping of
the political spectrum where people
start to mean and look you don't need a
safe space even if it were a flag which
it's not it was not an Israel for you I
don't care you could have been a
thousand as ratify it you don't need a
safe space from a flag if you just don't
you could be a thousand percent against
the occupation it doesn't mean that flag
is going to attack you okay and come on
you've got to get the irony of a Gay
Pride
event discriminating against Jews you
please you've got to get that irony but
apparently these folks and look and I
also don't want people to get to then
put this on every pride event on every
gay community on every liberal Mart on
every progressive right so I'd like to
think we're very progressive and as I've
said very very clearly I couldn't be
more against occupation but this does
not represent progressives and I think
it was a disastrously bad move on their
part
Young Turks now has over 6 billion
lifetime views you know who did that you
did that we're now larger the CNN ABC
you name a news network
online we're larger than them and you
built all that as everyone scoffed and
didn't believe and here we are guys
thanks to you build into meta media
together with us at TYT Network comm
/join
