Senator Ron Johnson who posted an
editorial in the New York Times breaking
down some of his reasons he's against
the spill let's talk about his
objections to the process leading up to
where we're at right now we need a vote
this week and the Senate needs to pass a
compromise this week Obamacare is
falling apart across the country well
okay we would disagree on that hue first
of all I come from manufacturing
background and I do know how to solve
problems and what is transpiring the
Senate so far and I'd say in the house
are the design of bills void of
information but I'm not going to be able
to press that case where I can be able
to make the changes of the bill if we're
forced into a vote this week we just
don't have time that's why you got
reelected to pass this bill this week
it's a disaster not to do so you you
don't have to do it this week and I just
completely disagree with you on that you
know what I found
and again I've been traveling around the
state tirelessly no offense way more
than you have of course you know my
stance my stance in terms of let's take
the time try and get it right but also
give people a chance to find out exactly
what is in the Senate bill let's get
some numbers but you have to begin the
journey with one step and I have to push
back our dinner
I believe the Republican Party will
suffer a massive defeat at the polls in
2018 if it failed to deliver on its core
promise quite honestly because
leadership wants to jam this enforce it
using that as a forcing mechanism I
don't know you I just find that a little
offensive I'm behind the clothes I see
what leadership's trying to do they're
trying to jam this thing through
it is far from a perfect bill oh how I'm
asking all I'm asking is let's give
ourselves a few more days maybe a week
or two don't Jam this thing but we can't
fix everything in a bill the Senate is
only got 52 Republicans you got to get
the most you can get but you have four
days this is not the Manhattan Project
you don't have to enjoy anything he
really doesn't think that this is a
major bill that's gonna affect a lot of
people's lives and also you
you can't wait a day or two it needs to
be done now think about the toll that
you'll take electoral if you don't
repeal this thing this Obamacare that
has majority approval in the population
I mean look at the book he doesn't even
have to reference pose you can simply
say that your entire party will go down
unless you pass this thing yep because
of course the donors don't like it yeah
sure
but there's data and again I tweeted
about this over the weekend it's people
just people suppose analysts will just
say these things about about policy and
about electoral strategy and all that
without referencing any data either they
don't know that there are actual people
accumulating information that you can
base these assertions on or they know
that it's out there and they're either
not equipped to analyze it or they know
that it wouldn't support their case but
there's too much just just asserting
things without any reference to reality
like you can you can say here is a poll
that backs up what I say and someone can
look at that poll and not agree with it
necessarily but you should at least try
to have some data for what you for what
you're asserting huhuhuh it was a person
that had interviewed Ron Johnson about
this and begged him you know he said
literally quote from Hugh Hewitt in
another part of the radio interview I
just beg you Ron Johnson
you know I supported you for two
election cycles do not kill this bill
this week I just beg you Hugh Hewitt now
has a show on MSNBC so tell me again
about the liberal media the only example
they have about anyone with a
perspective is MSNBC right among the
mainstream press and it just hired the
guy who's begging a Republican senator
after having supported him with every
ounce of his being begging him to vote
for the Republican bill so that 22
million people will be kicked off of
health insurance etc tell me again who
the liberal media is there's no such
thing man everybody in the establishment
media with their parent corporations
that are multi-billion dollar giant
organizations are not on your side
they're not on progressive side so what
they're gonna normalize everything and
should not be normalized this bill is
deeply draconian and so far the only
opposition from the right that has
mounted against it wants it to be even
more draconian that's a fact the only
silver lining with him getting that show
the weekend show is that I've listened
to Hugh Hewitt how long could that show
possibly last who died oh he's gonna
watch know what the Millennials aren't
watching TV news anymore what can we do
Hugh Hewitt okay so when it goes to the
other point why is he hewed getting
shown on MSNBC right because he has no
audience tell me I have you know what
people that media do when they have a
large audience and by the way present
company not excluded they brag about it
okay they say I have this I have that
news my ratings here's my numbers right
I have never heard of you who it's size
of his audience because he's out in
radio that and he's a small show on
radio did you hear him okay even
conservatives don't like him he has
approximately 17 listeners including his
family what if you actually cared about
getting ratings and you actually cared
about running a progressive Network Hugh
Hewitt would be literally in a country
with 330 million people among the very
last people you would put on air but on
the other hand if you didn't care about
ratings but you desperately wanted to
put more conservatives on there Hugh
Hewitt is exactly the guy you would have
yeah you don't like ads I hear you
brother you know how you could avoid as
for the Young Turks become a notorious
member and get all the content ad free
tea white tea network.com slash join
