when patients go in for any kind of
heart surgery they know that they're
undertaking huge risks but these are
risk of the patients no are necessary in
order to survive sadly a company called
live ANOVA has caused an unnecessary
increase in risk for heart surgery
patients by supplying American hospitals
with a medical device that's packed with
bacteria the device is called Stockert
3t heater cooler that's the name of it
the heater cooler device is absolutely
essential when a patient undergoes a
heart surgery whether you're having a
valve replaced an entire heart
transplant or bypass this device is
what's circulating your blood heating it
and cooling it outside your body and
keeping you alive during those
procedures the Stockard 3t heater cooler
is used in 60% of heart surgeries in the
United States so the odds are that if
you've had an open-heart surgery you
would have had this device involved what
we're learning now and what the FDA has
been investigating for years is that
these devices may have what's called
biofilm it's a bacteria inside of them
it's actually being emitted and spewed
out into the surgical field getting into
people's open chest wounds during the
surgery and causing devastating injuries
in death in some cases live anova
manufactured Stockard 3t devices at
their lab in europe and in those labs
there was a bacteria called npm it's a
very rare form of bacteria to cause an
infection but it's also everywhere in
the environment and patients who are
exposed to NTM during open-heart surgery
can develop symptoms that can take
months to recognize which means
diagnosing and treating this infection
is very difficult what happens with the
Stockard 3t device is that the water
tank controlling the patient's blood
temperature becomes contaminated with
this very specific type of NTM bacteria
from the manufacturing plant when it
showed up in hospitals in American
throughout the world doctors didn't know
surgeons didn't know in hospitals didn't
know that there were already this
bacterial contamination but when these
devices were returned
on open-heart surgeries when they were
used in open-heart surgery patients
became infected and as usual the FDA for
years has dragged their feet in
controlling this problem
