as most people know Congress always
takes the month of August off after all
after working for a few months they need
an entire month to recoup but this year
they're actually considering not taking
August off because they're so backlogged
on their Republican agenda that they may
need that time to pass all those laws
and and regulations and repeal all the
Obama era rules that they haven't gotten
to yet so they may not get that
month-long vacation folks and to be
honest this is the one time where I
would like to see all of Congress the
house and the Senate go on vacation and
just disappear for a month because you
know what they mean when they say that
we're backlogged on the things we want
to get done
it means we haven't given corporations
enough giveaways yet to justify our
vacation they're going to be super
pissed at us and not give us that
campaign money because we haven't
fulfilled their wish lists yet some of
the other things that are backlogged on
this Republican agenda that they might
stay through August to pass are
repealing health care for 23 million
American citizens handing tax breaks to
the top one percent Congress might
cancel their vacation simply to screw
with the poor people in the United
States that's what they're saying they
haven't advanced enough on their agenda
to repeal corporate regulations that
allow corporations to go out and dump as
much pollution as they want into our
water or our air to kill American
citizens poison them give them cancer we
got to stay and fix that we can't let
people continue to be healthy these
corporations have toxic waste backing up
that they don't have anywhere to dump we
got to get those regulations out so they
can go start pouring it into the rivers
and the aquifers pumping it out in the
atmosphere oh there's still life-saving
regulations on factory workers we've got
to repeal those because hard hats cost
money and we don't want corporations to
have to
that oh there's still people in the
United States that have health insurance
under the Affordable Care Act we need to
take that away that is what Republicans
are saying so for the first time ever
you know what take August off help take
August and September and October off you
know what if you want to just go ahead
and call it good until 2018 I'm fine
with that too because there is not a
single item within that Republican
agenda that they are trying to get
passed that should make anybody in this
country feel good unless of course you
have a net worth of over ten million
dollars because that's the only people
that those Republicans are working for
today
