our next clip is brought to you in
partnership with Squarespace bring your
stories to life online with Squarespace
through a website blog or portfolio so
easy I can even use it for 10% off head
over to Squarespace comm slash tyt or
use the promo code tyt after Woodward's
book was published there were lots of
little tidbits in there that haven't
been talked about enough and one thing
that we've learned is that Senator
Lindsey Graham was encouraging Donald
Trump to assassinate Kim Jong hoon
in September 2017 while Pyongyang was
conducting both nuclear and ballistic
missile tests Senator Lindsey Graham
advised President Donald Trump that
Kim's assassination and replacement with
a new military regime could bring an end
to tension on the Korean Peninsula also
the senator pressed Trump to ask the
Chinese to remove the North Korean
dictator and in fact he said China needs
to kill him and replace him with a North
Korean general they control the Chinese
are clearly the key here and they need
to take him out
Graham also suggested that Trump should
commit more time and resources to
Afghanistan and luckily Trump wasn't
buying that elizy Graham told him do you
want on your resume that you allowed
Afghanistan to go back into the darkness
and the second 9/11 came from the very
place the first 9/11 did and the
president said well how does this end in
which the senator warned it never ends
it's good versus evil good versus evil
never ends okay so two of two minds on
this one is the very first part of the
story
I don't think Woodward should have
released I'm a little bit worried about
that because I think that the president
needs to have a range of options
I should the president consider
assassinations from time to time very
very very rarely but the North Korea
situation is one where you would want
all of your options and I wouldn't want
all those options being displayed
publicly so I actually think that is a
little bit of a national security issue
I'm not saying that Woodward did
anything illegal I'm just saying I'm not
sure I would have released that in the
book now the second part of the story is
what a warmonger Lindsey Graham and and
so and it's obvious that he thinks
Trump's easily malleable so he goes over
to hates good versus evil little child
and remember good versus evil never ends
you don't want the next 911 to happen if
somebody was talking to me like this
like that I'm doing are you trying to
manipulate me in the most amateurish
clownish way possible of course Trump
doesn't understand that but look at your
Koran pushes for war and every single
opportunity one of the worst guys in
Congress a totally despicable war monger
that profits from the
military-industrial complex and the
defense contractors gets all of his
donations not all but a lot of his
donations from there he's part of the
corruption and drives us into literally
by his own words endless wars one of the
worst guys in America two easy ways for
the Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
