so right now I'm very excited to have
back on the show this American
journalist he's a media critic he's the
author of a book called war made easy
how presidents and pundits keep spinning
us to death it was published in 2005 the
I also made a movie about it that's
right a documentary based on war made
easy was released in 2007 is Norman
Solomon here with us he's here Norman
are you there can I hear you hi oh hi
honey
Oh fantastic good to see you again
thanks so much for making the time to
talk to us now you recently wrote an
article in TruthDig
about a couple of stories the New York
Times have done and first of all before
we get into that at is could you just
give me an overall like so in 2001 2002
2003 we ran that the the the mainstream
press really beat the drum for war and
they got us into that and I'm talking to
Washington Post I'm talking to New York
Times CNN of course met you know
television journalism is horrible but
even our you know papers of note the
Washington Post in the New York Times
were a hundred percent for the war they
wrote 24 pro-war articles in The
Washington Post do you see any kind of
parallels what's happening right now
with the mainstream news media running
with this Russian narrative well there's
a tremendous amount of enthusiasm for
hey you've got to spend a lot on the
military military contracting you got to
have some big enemies to justify having
a huge military budget yeah you know it
wasn't just as you say Fox News it was
not even New York Times in Washington
Post but especially the New York Times
or Washington Post because they help set
the agenda and let's not leave out all
things considered in Morning Edition on
NPR PBS Newshour and a lot of those same
entities are really pushing now for how
bad the Russians are and they're a
threat to democracy as though what
happened on November 8th was really the
fault of the Kremlin you know it didn't
have a lot to do with racism or
structural injustice or making it harder
for poor people vote for purging
hundreds of hundreds of thousands of
people from the voting rolls no it's all
Vladimir Putin's fault and you can see
how can
that is and also revs up the war machine
yeah um so are you concerned about the
what - what what's in it for the
Washington Post in The New York Times to
keep doing this is it that now yeah when
people ask me for them well for starters
Jeff Bezos owns the Washington Post as
we know he's about the richest person in
the world as the owner of Amazon who
also has just bought Whole Foods I mean
this is all about a tremendous corporate
investment in the military-industrial
intelligence complex was not forget that
Amazon Web Services owned by Jeff Bezos
signed a six hundred million dollar
contract with the CIA for keeping that
agency's info in its cloud and Bezos
said they're just getting started
historically the New York Times as well
look they do some great journalism they
also have beat the drums for many many
wars including Vietnam or the invasion
of Iraq they told us that : Powell of
the UN and February 5th 2003 was so
impressive and laid aside a lot of
doubts about the invasion so this is in
a historical context and when you look
at the Russians you look at a tremendous
psychological and political investment
from the Clinton wing of the Democratic
Party to say oh yeah it's a Russians
fault that we lost and in fact if you
look at the book shattered which came
out a few weeks ago written by two
embedded journalists who followed the
Clinton campaign about 24 hours after
that horrible election result last
November at the National Clinton
headquarters among some boxes where they
brought in some pizza at their
headquarters in Brooklyn they decided
the book tells us to blame Russia for
the election results oh hey Oh what's to
lose plus it gets the Bernie wing of the
party off this topic you know it's so
annoying when people talk about Wall
Street when people talk about how the
Clinton wing of the party is in mesh
with the big banks and the profit ears
and the billionaire's so hey changing
the subject has been very useful for a
lot of forces let's talk about Russia
Russia Russia so know
in Norman let me ask you so so exactly
how how does it work you know um I saw
Phil Donahue recently he was asked did
he think um that the head of General
Electric was calling the MSNBC
big duh during the war because they fill
down you got fired because he was anti
Iraq war and they asked him do you think
that the the head of General Electric
was talking to the head of MSNBC and
telling them things and he said yes so
what oh there's a memo no fortunately
there was a leak of a memo from MSNBC
before the war began we we don't want
have Phil Donahue on with these anti-war
guests when the flag is going up so we
have a smoking gun memo and this is
about commercial interest this is about
trying to identify as network executives
and as Network programmers with the war
makers particularly in time of war you
know there's a shocking sort of
hyperbole coming out of many members of
Congress many Democrats including Jackie
Speier who's a good Congress person
generally from Silicon Valley but just
about a day ago uh said that what the
Russians did was quote an act of war did
you get a grip on that I mean it is so
insane and dangerous here we have two
countries with 93% of the world's
nuclear weapons between them as you
mentioned a few minutes ago just in the
last couple of days you've got a Russian
and US jet flying within a few feet of
each other and are we supposed to gamble
the future of humanity of a nuclear
holocaust because just like CEOs to
think about the next couple of quarters
you've got these brilliant tactician
'he's like nancy pelosi and the head of
the DNC now Tom Peres thinking that it's
a smart thing to run against Russia now
if you're in Wisconsin or western
Pennsylvania Ohio do you wake up in the
morning and you're thinking about oh the
Kremlin's really cause me a problem but
do you think about health care for your
family education for your kids this is
an attempt to replicate exactly the
mistakes that Hillary Clinton made when
she ran against Putin last summer and
fall and you can see what
hey if you enjoyed this clip of
aggressive progressive why not become a
member of the TYT Network and you can
watch the whole hour you know we do a
show every Thursday and then you can
watch it live when it happens as a
member or you can watch it later at your
convenience because you get access to
the podcast of aggressive progressive
and other ways to get a hold of it
there's a lots of stuff come become a
member at tea white tea network.com
slash join
