the Senate's version of the health care
bill is now out in the wild and it's uh
basically as disastrous as we've been
warning you for weeks now that it would
be although some of the specifics are a
little bit different and we're going to
attempt to break down as much of it as
is possible so you wanna buckle up
because it is a lot to take in all at
once
we starting off though with how it
changes Medicaid funding or I should say
how it massively cuts Medicaid funding
the Senate bill allows the 31 states
that expanded Medicaid to continue
getting federal funding through 2023
with reduced funding starting in 2021
the bill sharply curtailed federal
support for Medicaid expansion 2024
likely causing many states to end the
expansion separate from the expansion
the bill caps future federal funding per
enrollee based on how much each state
has spent historically and so what
you've got here is a little bit of an
attempt to hide their goal they don't
want to be as immediately apparent as in
the House bill that they are going to
kill this thing and so they drag it out
over the course of a few years and so
they delay its death and then they sort
of hide how they're gonna kill it
funding wise but the end result is very
similar and the CBO estimated that
similar policies in the bill passed by
the house would cut more than 800
billion dollars from the program over a
decade which you can of course add to
the proposed budget from Donald Trump
which cuts 600 billion from Medicaid
there and so we're talking about a
massive cut to it despite his many
promises that he would defend it and
there would be no cuts yet so real quick
on that Ed the Senate version which was
supposed to be more moderate than the
House version oops
cuts more for Medicaid and then the
House version does so when you find the
more moderate version of a Republican
please let me know that they've been
missing for decades and maybe the state
level is some exist but certainly the
national level very few and far between
some bowls did complain about this bill
they complained it was not draconian
enough yeah okay yeah we're break down
some what they want a little bit later
all right
now John
got more for you on the details and at
the end I'll tell you uh the effect of
how they are going to cut your coverage
the and give you specific details so you
know how it affects you yeah exactly and
the reason we started with the Medicaid
here is that that is that's the single
biggest reason that in the House version
so many are going to lose their coverage
there's other reasons as well and they
are in the Senate version uh but the the
biggest single question I think that a
lot of people who perhaps haven't known
much about the bill might have is does
this result in millions upon millions of
Americans losing their coverage and that
we've been waiting to find out and now
we know yes it will cut millions
possibly ten possibly twenty million or
more we'll know once the CBO has a
chance to take a look at it and
hopefully we'll know before they vote
this thing into law but let's move on to
the subsidy so how is this bill going to
modify the way that uh your ability to
afford health insurance actually goes
down so under the Affordable Care Act
I'd set subsidies based on income sort
of makes sense if you don't make a lot
of money you're gonna need more help
paying for ever increasing uh health
insurance prices and also tied them to a
benchmark plan so the second cheapest
plan in a person's area the covers on
average 70% of expected health costs
based on that will they make a couple
changes in the Senate bill it resets the
benchmark plan to one that only covers
fifty eight percent of expected a health
costs there uh and that is for all of
them not just for the second-worst so
where we assumed that uh for many people
there would be lower subsidies but we
didn't know that for almost literally
every single individual you're going to
be paying thousands of dollars more per
year the of course Orwellian style may
be the better Care Act but that right
there shows you it is literally worse
care you and you will pay more for that
worse care yet so uh if you were
covering seventy percent of an enrollees
cost and now you're come fifty eight
percent well that again by definition
means you're paying more you're gonna
pay more for is that remember why they
complain about Obamacare we're paying
too much we're paying too much now
you're gonna pay more so what do they
fix you know what they fixed it
fix anything for you that why do all
these cuts to Medicaid increase your
healthcare cost the Center for one and
only one purpose is is a giant tax cut
at the end for the rich yeah we got all
the details on that coming up uh so on
the the major part of the subsidies
they're going to sort of emit look to
break down exactly how its in effect you
you'd have to look at charts and the
reason they do that is they want you to
be confused about it and so in those
subsidies you're going to be paying more
your coverage is going to be worse but
some people might be confused about that
on the particular area of subsidies that
are for out-of-pocket expenses on your
health insurance there's no games like
that the Senate bill preserves them
until 2019 that eliminates them
altogether
there's gone yeah totally got there uh
and so but don't worry I'm sure the
person who is uh very worried about
their out-of-pocket health insurance uh
costs once it's eliminated they'll just
take it out of their investments I guess
it'll be no problem don't worry about it
uh so look there there's some of the
ways that money is being modified here
but we're not just interested in how
much more you have to pay for health
insurance we're interested in what your
health insurance is worth to you
what does it actually cover and what
does it not cover and they've got some
pretty devastating at changes coming
there as well the bill allows States to
apply for waivers for a number of
different things like the House bill
including eliminating essential health
benefits coverage which sounds bad even
just when you read it like that yeah but
don't worry guys this is gonna be better
care except you'll no longer have
essential health benefits yeah good luck
to you too bad they were I thought they
were essential and we're talking about
some pretty big things there like no
mental health coverage and uh addiction
related uh uh coverage alternative
pregnancy in maternity care I mean
there's a chance some of you might want
to get pregnant something I know it's
rare but some of you might want to and
expect that you might pay tens of
thousands of dollars more now after this
change if you're a woman now that might
seem essential to you but if you're
doing it's not so uh get
point/counterpoint yeah and this was of
course done by Mitch McConnell's office
fill the room with dudes so they're like
hey anyway any
think maternity care is uh essential not
know uh we're all great not essential
anymore we're moving forward yeah I know
by the way on that same graphic in
addition to allowing them to opt out of
the essential benefits coverage as we
previewed a little bit over a week ago
they're also going to be getting rid of
the the prohibitions on annual and
lifetime limits which means that if
inside of a year or in the course of
your entire lifetime if you get really
sick especially with chronic illnesses
and it costs a lot they can cap you out
and your health insurance which again
you'll be paying more for will suddenly
be worthless to you
and I got a pause on that too because to
me that's one of the most devastating
parses what the hell's the point of
insurance if you get capped out so okay
look I break my arm you pay for it or
we'll all survive right and and okay
that's one part of insurance uh I don't
know that's not essential magazine okay
yeah
the other a it's temporary things they
can get solved the other but the more
important part of insurances I get
cancer
uh are you cover me well if you say yeah
I cover you for the first ten thousand
hundred thousand make it up right two
hundred thousand okay good but what if
it goes long in that what if it's really
bad well then you die
yeah what wait a minute like or hey what
don't you have a couple million bucks to
cover it no that's why I got insurance
right and if he sure is allowed to say
only cover the cheap stuff previous
unserious that we obviously I'm gonna
let you die yeah that's not really sure
ins and it's in the bill yeah now
imagine if you have a kid the kid has
some sort of uh some sort of genetic
issue or some sort of childhood cancer
which is a tragedy of its own
well welcome lifetime limits that kid
may find by the time they hit ten or
twenty or thirty that's it for them for
the rest of their life and somebody I
saw somebody tweeted about that a trump
supporter responded with well then that
kids just gonna have to rely on the
community or charities or something like
that oh and there was a response imagine
being the Timmy needs bootstraps guy
when it comes to childhood cancer
treatments but that's in the bill that
is not just a Twitter conversation that
could be lost soon now let's just
remember that
is the party that calls itself pro-life
all you get pregnant hey inane essential
the main man
but women I thought you want to protect
the baby I mean I want to make sure that
I put restrictions on how you deal with
your own medical issues but protective 8
no I know no you pay for it any way you
like again people it's not my problem
yeah oh and if your baby sick I
definitely don't want to protect it yeah
I'm not interested in your life okay
pro-life is a gimmick it doesn't
actually mean that I'm gonna pass laws
to to put that into effect yeah and look
I I know we're throwing a lot at you but
I got a couple things coming up that
there's a lot of coverage thankfully of
this Senate bill although I
interestingly I noticed that not a lot
on there Breitbart or Fox News for some
reason the conservatives are that
interested in it uh but there's a couple
of things that I've noticed even in the
coverage of it is not getting nearly
enough discussion I think that some
people are missing important points of
this and what has to do with that
coverage for pre-existing conditions so
is revealed uh this morning that the
bill still requires coverage for
pre-existing conditions and so a lot of
people are thinking oh my god that's
great victory they're not going to
reverse on that although of course they
could once they mesh it with the the
House bill which allows you to stop that
but what they're missing is that
pre-existing conditions that's one thing
in rhetoric but what is it actually
worth well it's not worth nearly as much
if they have to cover you for the
pre-existing conditions but not for a
number of things that are no longer
considered essential and they don't have
to cover you for that or if they have to
cover you for pre-existing conditions
but only up to a certain amount per year
or over the course of your life because
of these new lifetime and annual limits
they will hide behind saying that
they're still covering pre-existing
conditions but you might well find that
in your experienced experience of
someone in your family is not worth a
damn in practice and a lot of people are
being drawn in by the hype of it still
being in there not realizing that they
are being swindled Milligan is a dozens
of disease but rare disease hepatitis
cancer whatever uh thing about the the
year-long cap so let's say that you're
in a world trouble you getting treatment
Gus thank God you made it to October oh
no you hit your yearly cap anyway uh it
November in December
is dying season enjoy what does that
mean a yearly cap don't worry you're
still covering pre-existing condition
but what's up what is a yearly cap mean
that's insane then it's not really
insurance what if you hit the cap in
April hey listen hang on till January
1st after Jennifer's were back to being
pro-life for a couple months yeah
yes I've experienced after little things
like I hit my dental cap last year it's
teeth I'll live but it's not like it's
not my life I was able to go a few
months before having you know a little
bit more done but if it's your life if
it's your child's life imagine and
they're trying to make that law right
now another area where they're gonna
screw you over a one of the things that
the the ACA protected against was uh
hugely despair it uh costs for insurance
between the youngest and the oldest
Americans obviously older Americans
generally gonna have higher health
insurance costs doesn't necessarily mean
insurance should be allowed to charge
them as much as they possibly want well
that's about to change as we bring up
this graph graphic comparing the
difference in restrictions on charging
more for older Americans the new bill
will allow older customers to be charged
five times or more uh than the younger
ones
okay so silver lining here there's
actually only one other group than the
incredibly rich that benefit from this a
new proposal and that's the young and
healthy so if you're young and healthy
you don't have the mandate anymore you
skip out on insurance and try to you
know roll the dice and see how it goes
for you or even if you get the insurance
it cost less for you uh because well the
insurance for young and healthy doesn't
cause that much because you almost never
use it so the insurance companies go
okay I'll charge you less but the
trade-off for that is well if you're
older I'm gonna charge you a lot more
and that's when you needed more so
they're getting they're allowed to
charge you five times as much yet on
individual procedures that can be far
more than that and that there's a lot of
people right now that are young and a
lot of those people think that they're
healthy some of them actually are but
most are not nearly as healthy as they
think they are I know what the American
diet does to Americans you might be in
good shape now you might feel good now
in six to ten years you're going to
desperately need this coverage you might
find yourself paying far more for
but besides Jenny look they told you
older Americans that uh that no that we
got your back
and a lot of older Americans voted much
more heavily towards Republican yeah now
they just said we're just messin with
you man
of course my buddies gotta get tax cuts
now you pay five times more we don't I
thought the main thing is Obamacare was
it cost too much yeah you pay five times
more your sees is it good luck brother
they'll be fine don't worry old people
don't vote uh but anyway uh another
thing that I think a lot of people
covering this are missing I've seen one
or two discussions of it generally it's
not being covered nearly enough is a
component uh in this bill that will in
just a few years absolutely kill the
entire system it's designed to do that
and not enough people are recognizing it
so you had the individual mandate in the
ACA a lot of people hated a lot of
right-wingers a lot of left wingers
absolute it uh this bill eliminates both
the individual mandate and the employer
mandate where if you had more than 50
employees you had to provide health
insurance unlike the House bill which
has the continuing coverage thing which
is its own disaster this has no
replacement for that so think about how
that actually functions in practice now
you have a system that's increasingly
expensive it needs more and more money
coming in you now under the Senate bill
have nothing requiring relatively or
fully healthy people to be in the system
they can just opt out there's no work
there's no fee for that there's no
penalty that for that the penalty still
in law but it will be zero dollars under
the Senate bill which means that after a
year after two years specially after
five years the only people that will be
in the system are the people who are
sick which if you want to talk about a
death spiral they love that idea they
love pretending that Obamacare is a
death spiral now they have designed in a
death spiral to the Senate bill it will
kill the entire system it's meant to
kill the entire system because they
don't want to be in the system with you
you sick relatively poor people they
want to be on their own like nice gilded
health insurance policies while you pay
ever-increasing amounts until finally
you're kicked off of your insurance in a
few years because if healthy people
aren't in insurance for so it's not real
insurance second of all what you have is
prices that go way up because insurance
company understand
ligo's women everybody that has this
insurance is really sick of it cost me a
lot of money so I'm gonna charge you an
arm and a leg maybe quite literally and
so wait let's review again what the
problem on care was it costs too much
money so and McConnell way when in
January talk about all of the problems
with Obamacare it doesn't cover enough
people you just get chopped up at least
20 million people very likely according
to the CBO's were measuring of the House
bill and and and what its gonna do the
Senate bill we'll find out but about 20
million people on Medicare so years
costs it covers less it costs way more
for the majority people based on that
some provisions that John just explained
in cost so much that is completely
untenable for you to have it yet which
means far more people that that's
outside of the 20 million and it covers
less which part got better all right the
hundreds of billions of dollars in tax
cuts for the rich Young Turks now has
over 6 billion lifetime views you know
who did that you did that we're now
larger the CNN ABC you name a news
network online were larger than them and
you built all that as everyone scoffed
and didn't believe and here we are guys
thanks to you build in the meta media
together with us at TYT Network dot-com
/join
