you believe that it's been proven that
co2 is the primary control knob for
climate do you believe that
no I would not agree that it's a primary
contributor to the to the global warming
that we see we don't know that yet
that we need to continue the baton Scott
Pruett when he was Oklahoma's Attorney
General he sued the EPA over a dozen
times to stop environmental regulations
all at the behest of big oil and gas
companies who funded him and who shared
a chummy relationship with him standard
corruption right normal by our
exceedingly low standards not anymore
this anti-science profiteer is now in
charge of the epa due to whatever the
opposite of divine providence is and has
already taken the word science out of
the group's mission statement and spent
his first week courting you guessed it
more rich friends and oil and gas firms
he also loves to drop lies at contradict
basic chemistry and physics but despite
what Scott Pruett says carbon dioxide is
one of the longest-lived greenhouse
gases and absolutely warms the planet so
when this man with clear monetary
interest in denying climate change is
given free rein at the EPA there is no
greater embodiment of the cliche fox in
a henhouse and yes I even considered the
idea of an actual Fox with piles of dead
bloody chickens around it but now it's
taking the level of corruption even
further saying that claims made by
climate change deniers are every bit as
valid as the fact-checked peer-reviewed
evidence-based research done by actual
scientists red versus blue isn't just a
really simplistic way to describe the
division of American voters or even a
clever halo based comedy web series
anymore it's how Scott Pruett sees a
climate change debate as described in a
recent Wall Street Journal op-ed on one
side you see the 97% of actively
published scientists who support the
consensus that humans have caused
significant global warming on the other
you see the 3% who don't 97% is
overwhelming a solid a grade there is
absolutely no way you can argue 97% is
not the staggering crushing huge
majority but the way Scott Pruett sees
it 97% is half you want to do this
exercise in the epa a blue team with a
number who formed the overwhelming
consensus versus a red team that feels
the opposite of that but with the exact
same number of people false equivalence
is a logical fallacy in which two
opposing arguments appear to be
logically equivalent when in fact they
are not it would be like saying Obama
wants promised to wear
work with Russian President Dmitry
Medvedev while Donald Trump actively
colluded with Vladimir Putin to fix the
American election so Obama and Trump are
equally as competent and corrupt or
another example Donald Trump is known
for spewing out disrespectful and
careless messes and this pig butthole
you know what don't finish that graphic
also that is closer to an accurate
analogy than false equivalence it's
taking a small part of a situation and
using flimsy arguments to equate it to
something else that's what the Red Team
Blue Team scenario is it's giving far
too much credence to the vanishingly
small skeptical minority things are
rarely black and white or red and blue
but in this case they actually are if
the climate change argument were a color
it would be blue
not even perceivably purple the red team
blue team exercise might work in
business might work in debate class but
it doesn't work for science what works
for science is evidence based data and
peer review what the American people
deserve I think is a true legitimate
peer-reviewed objective transparent
discussion about a co2 now but seeing
Red Team Blue Team is not peer-review I
don't think those words mean what you
think they mean because if you were to
get oil company bias and funded claims
validated you'd have to actually get a
paper published in a reputable
scientific journal so the merits of the
claims could be weighed by peers it's
not impossible
oh and by peers I mean a range of
experts in the same field not Exxon m'q
totally a real normal person and fun do
the earth is only six thousand years old
and white Jesus rode a dinosaur Smith
all joking aside not only does the Red
Team Blue Team idea unfairly elevate the
opinions of the few it cuts down and
undermines the legitimacy and
objectivity of real climate science
that's dangerous that's raising known
lies to the level of truth and clear
bias to the level of transparent
nonpartisan fact just because the fact
hurts your ability to hork money into
your pockets doesn't mean it's not real
or that the study of climate change is
somehow broken if you can't read the
research if you can't tell that
ninety-seven is greater than three if
you think the beauty safety and
viability of our only home should be
leveraged for your short-term gain
you're the one who's broken challenge
the available data but don't assume one
paper is the smoking gun that destroys
the overwhelming data that
points in one singular direction science
isn't perfect and neither is politics
however where you defer is science isn't
broken
I'm Kim Horcher I work for the Young
Turks you can catch me on twitter at kim
scorcher on facebook kim Horcher
official and on instagram as jest kim
Horcher
