seven years ago uh there's this author
Forrest Fenn who's a bit of an adventure
he decided to create an adventure for
people to engage in and so he is said to
have hidden a treasure chest with two
million dollars in it uh worth of
treasure in the mountains north of Santa
Fe and since he did that years ago tens
of thousands of people have gone looking
for it which sounds fun but the tragic
thing is that of those tens of thousands
to have now died while looking for this
treasure we have most recently pastor
Parris Wallace of Grand Junction told
family members he was searching for the
buried treasure and later failed to show
up for planned family meeting Wednesday
uh earlier this month actually his car
was found parked near the Taos junction
bridge and his body was subsequently
found five to seven miles downstream but
he's not the only one Randi bill you
went missing in January of 2016 and was
later found dead in July of that year
Randy's a spouse later said that he died
because the hope she doesn't believe the
treasure was even buried and there's no
proof that there's any treasure out
there no one has found it uh but here's
what they're looking for the elusive and
miniscule bronze treasure chest is said
to measure only ten inches by 10 inches
in weighs 40 pounds it's packed with
almost 300 gold coins gems rubies and
hundreds of gold nuggets two of which
apparently the size of eggs and again
allegedly hidden somewhere in a
dangerous uh mountain chain not buying
it
he's let me be very clear about this I
don't know or publicize this story
because I don't you try to find the
stupid treasure which most clearly does
not exist so this guy tells a lot of
tall tales any cousin summer rest a guy
that's got a I am apparently is box
books are extremely costly and he I'll
tell you right now that if he ever
admits that he's gonna say yeah I mean
obviously I was is a so risk that you
guys were taking that it was there in
the first place and I was just having
fun that's all and one of them is the
book the original book is called the
thrill the chase gives you nine clues
upon it in
find in northern north of Santa Fe uh
his second book the sequel is uh
tragically entitled too far to walk uh
and apparently that was his which is but
part of a clues actions too far walk
yeah and uh multiple books have been
written about this which I'm sure is is
good for him there uh even I I saw uh
Vox which is had I go to often they sent
people to go look for it as well it
doesn't exist this is okay this is the
country we live in man my my family
watches those like the hunt for Skull
Island treasure TV show and people love
that stuff uh really fast he was uh
reached out and asked maybe you should
call this off since two people died
again he's not responsible for that
but it did happen and it could happen
again he says that's an option but I've
not made a decision yet today I've
received over two hundred emails urging
me not to call off the hunt and to that
think I should did this do did not have
two million dollars which he turned into
gold that he hit because he doesn't like
two million dollars gold and gems he he
doesn't have two golden eggs
he doesn't have rubies and gems and if
he did he wouldn't buried he just Y Z
charging all the money for the books
we've got two million oz one just go dig
it up and then you'll live perfectly
fine in Santa Fe right in that
risk-taker lifestyle he says he was a
pilot during the Vietnam War he was shot
down twice as safely rescued both times
other authorities to look into that it's
entirely possible the entirely possible
that it didn't happen
this guy's storm asleep Allah crap and a
guy was a pastor and then the tragically
his wife says I still believe in it and
me my 19 year old son are gonna continue
to look for the treasure uh she said I
know without a shadow of a doubt that it
was God's Way of taking him
oh that's very sad god sake get out of
there go and do a real job
don't do that there's no treasure stop
looking
you don't like hats well I hear your
brother did you know that you can forget
my Young Turks member get the full to
our show every day on demand plus so
many other Network shows all ad-free for
just ten bucks a month give it a shot
right now TYT Network comm slash join
