another day another Democratic loss we
were told that in George's six district
we had a good chance of winning there's
good reason for that John also first of
all had come in first place in the first
round of the election that's where they
had over dozen candidates running now
the Republicans split the vote in a lot
of ways the top Republican vote getter
was karen handel she only had 20% john
Asaf got 48% karen handel has lost
several important elections including a
governor's race and the Senate race so
good reason to believe she's not that
great at Kennedy and it was a tight race
between Trump and Hillary Clinton in
2016 and over 25 million dollars went to
John Asif to win this election and a ton
of press attention and let's find out
what happened I think kind of see where
this is going
yes karen handel did win 51.9% for karen
handel to 48.1% john awesome exactly
where he left off in that first part of
the election where he got about 48% he
got that same 48% and all the
republicans and everyone else coalesce
behind handle and she handled it and she
won now I'm pretty irate about that I'll
tell you why in a second let me give you
a little bit of context first that
Kansas there was another special
election earlier in the year and there
the the Democrat did much better than
expected and he came within almost about
7 points of winning there Ron Estes did
wind up beating James Thompson in that
Kansas special election but uh like in
Georgia that's a better result than has
been in the past these are deeply red
districts in the case of Georgia kind of
I'll come back to that in a second
Montana there's special election where
Rob Quist lost by about 6 points to his
Republican challenger who apparently is
moonlighting in the WWE uh I don't know
why he's not in prison right now for
body-slamming reporter but anyway he was
charged with that uh uh but quiz to the
Democratic Party found a way to lose to
anyway now fair to Quist that body slam
was a little bit later in the campaign
and quiz at least did run on one good
issue and discourse some points there
and I think he actually could have won
uh if he ran more aggressively but there
was also a second election yesterday
that was a South Carolina and there it
was expect to be an absolute blowout and
it wasn't so Ralph Norman did win
narrowly over Archie Parnell whose
Democrat in that race uh so if you're
looking at a South Carolina race with
supposed to be a blowout and it's only
about a three point win okay I get it
you look at all these they're all
supposed to be blowouts and all much
much closer than I anticipated I get it
but if you're doing the math at home
that's still four races four losses
now of course Democrats when they see
four losses get excited hence this quote
in The New York Times
even as mister also flaws the Democrats
spirits were somewhat lifted by the
unexpectedly strong showing of their
nominee another special house election
Tuesday in South Carolina note when you
lose four elections in a row having your
spirits lifted is not uh the correct
reaction the correct reaction is damn it
weed again did something wrong we're not
winning here literally so yeah why why
is George a little bit different than
other deeply read districts now yes
granted uh the top price had won that
seat by 23 points into just the 2016
elections and that's a newt gingrich's
old district the center but look at in
2016 how close Trump and Clinton were in
that same district so Trump had forty
eight point three Hillary Clinton forty
six point eight actually Hillary Clinton
in that district was closer to Trump
then us off was the handle so the
Democrats after all that and all the
money that was spent and of course
Republicans outspent anyway it want to
be the most expensive house race in
American history uh they lost they lost
ground John also lost ground to Hillary
Clinton in Georgia okay
congratulations Democrats uh job well
done okay now uh I'm gonna explain why I
think he
lost uh and and and what he did wrong in
election and what the Democratic Party's
doing wrong what they should do instead
so let's continue the New York Times to
give us context us off appears so close
to victory
the Democrats are allowing themselves to
imagine a win that would spur a wave of
Republican retirements recruitment
bonanza and a Democratic fundraising
windfall heading into 2018 midterm
elections so they got all a dreamy
idyllic oh yeah man when all soft wins
problems just gonna give up there should
be a wave of retirements really and
that's your experience with the
Republican Party they just give up no
you guys are the ones who give up
they're the ones who attacked viciously
and over and over again there was a
relentless and you thought that this
victory was would be so study in favor
of Democrats that the Republicans would
begin to surrender gee I wonder why the
Democratic voices they never ever get it
your filled the room of hubris ok uh
conservative groups poured twelve
million dollars into the runoff nearly
all of it is sailing mister Asaf so when
the Republicans come you know what they
do they come in with a stick and they
viciously attacked also what do
Democrats do kids clubs some assure kid
gloves in a second first show you the
stick the Republicans brought their
parents excessive relentless Republican
attacks linking us off to the house
Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and her
quote San Francisco values also affirmed
the efficacy of tying Democratic
candidates in conservative districts to
their brethren in more liberal parts of
the country now that is of course what
uh the New York Times assessment of that
is okay so yes I think it tying him to
Nancy Pelosi is effective
that's what among the many reasons why
should run as a justice Democrat if he
had done that he'd run a strong campaign
I believe you would want now of course
you can't prove that I understand that
but I believe there's good first of all
we know what doesn't work which is
running as a so-called centrist Democrat
how many times you have to try that
before you realize it doesn't work okay
uh and and I think the people are upset
at nasals and they are in
especially conservative areas not just
because she's a liberal they view her as
a big government person and one who is
uh in this corrupt system and has been
in the corrupt system for a long long
time well that's true
so just Democrats uh are not backing a
see Pelosi so you can't say oh hey these
just Democratic candidates running
against Republicans in red states
they're with Nancy Pelosi cuz they're
not with Nancy Pelosi
so there goes your talking point on that
and it's is not to run away from
progressive ideals the exact opposite
they're gonna run stronger towards
progressive ideals but if you say hey
why don't you stand by the incredibly
ancient Democratic establishment
politicians that people associate with
big government corruption our answer is
no we that's what we're against we're
not for that so then if you run as a
real person not tied to that corruption
then perhaps you have a little bit of
chance of winning now you know I don't
mean the Nancy Pelosi's any more
personally corrupting anybody else in
Congress I mean they are systemically
corrupted and Nancy Pelosi having been
there for approximately 280 years is a
decent example of that sorry but that is
what a lot of Americans believe now
these guys also be realistic now Jacobs
Georgia so they that's why you gotta
make sure that you're for cutting taxes
on the rich but when you say hey be
realistic your Democratic establishment
is viewed as corrupt because they've
taken billions of dollars from donors
but they don't watch it that's not fair
of course it's fair so you want about
not fair let's look at how the
Republicans ran their races okay so they
tired a Nancy Pelosi Pelosi they spent
almost all their dads attacking us off
and then they run vicious over-the-top
ads like this
now the unhinge left is endorsing and
applauding shooting Republicans when
will it stop it won't if John Asaf wins
on Tuesday because the same unhinged
leftist cheering last week shooting are
all backing John Asaf and if he wins
they win stop them stop them now stop
John Asaf stop Nancy Pelosi vote karen
handel for congress vote principled
leadership project happy for the sadness
only responsible for its content
now progressives and democrats complain
about that at and you are right to that
is outrageous right but guess what it
does unfortunately it works republicans
are on vicious campaigns smearing the
other side attacking aggressively and
they win and what did the democrats
learn about from that crime or go more
towards republicans now why don't you
run vicious not unfair but yes deserved
vicious attacks against them why don't
you just hi karen handel
to all the most extreme Republicans oh i
don't know that would be against the
Queensbury rules really do they look
like they're playing by the Queensbury
rules okay whatever
donald trump is said oh no but Trump is
popular he's not popular in that
district he barely carried that district
right whatever it David Duke said Oh a
dog doo-doo crap that would be quite
unfair do you think they're playing fair
how many times are you going to lose
before what you understand what politics
is about it isn't about beer summits it
isn't about running towards Republicans
is about beating the other side and then
they tell us oh no Jake the just
Democrats for example the strong wing of
the Democratic Party
it will would lose the Republicans that
you don't know how to win wait a minute
what is the last time you won when is
the last time you won you don't know
anything about winning so again let us
review the democratic and failure and
track record of failure they lost to
Donald Trump personal end of
conversation
why's anybody in the country losing the
establishment Democrats you guys lost
Donald Trump he was a least popular
person to ever
one for president and you lost them
anyway why are we having this
conversation
but then on tell off house any law
Supreme Court you lost 69 out of 99
state legislators in it in about the
last day can you also breath thousand
seats at the state level now who knows
about winning and losing but you told me
I was going to win you took a lot of big
donors we also took a lot of small
donors and all those people believed in
you and they send in money too awesome
to run that stupid soft centrist
campaign that he ran and how that turned
out for you yet another loss who would I
guess so now let's go to namby-pamby
campaign that Asaf ran so in his
concession speech you're gonna get begin
to get a flavor for it here you picked
this campaign up and you picked me up
and you picked Alicia up and you carried
us on your shoulders and we showed the
world that in places where no one
thought it was even possible to fight we
could fight we show them what courage
and kindness and humility are capable of
we show them that we can still build
coalitions of people who may not see
eye-to-eye on everything but rather than
demonizing each other we find common
ground to move forward and that's the
only way this
we will move on
so this is not the outcome any of us
we're hoping for but this is the
beginning of something much bigger than
us look if you're a Democrat who's been
watch their last 40 years you might like
parts that I hated every word in that
let me explain why I want to be very
clear about this but we fought where
they thought we couldn't fight well why
can't why why do you guys think you can
fight so of course we fight anywhere
right
that's a district Trump won by 1 and a
half points why would anything you can't
fight there and you fought what happened
you lost so I ok I get it he's got to
say something ok much much more
importantly let's go to this the
substance of what he said we showed that
we can fight with kindness and humility
how did that turn out for you you fought
with kindness and humility and you lost
the race you could have easily won
because guess what in politics kindness
and humility doesn't work Donald Trump
is president when are you going to get
through your thick head you don't
support the other side you attack the
other side and then when I say this they
look at me like well you're saying crazy
things attack the other side that's so
radical you are in a race with them you
are competing you would like to win you
would like them to lose you know what
you do politically you punch them in the
face ok you tell the tale on the voters
why they would be a terrible idea to
elect them a terrible disastrous idea
but instead we fought with kindness and
humility and we showed how you could
lose again and again and again and again
for the millionth time in a row we
showed him what we're capable of yeah
you're capable of losing we showed them
that we shouldn't demonize the other
side so they demonize you and won you
didn't demonize and you lost just tell
me again what you showed them you showed
them that he said we showed him we could
have common ground common ground with
what I don't want to have common ground
with karen handel I don't want to have
common ground with Donald Trump I
thought you were all about resisting
what happened to resistance when you ran
the campaign what happened to resistance
so what did all soft do he did try to
find common ground let me go to back to
the New York Times here
some allies for their part paid for an
advertising campaign deriving mishandle
a former chairwoman of the Fulton County
Board of Commissioners as a profligate
spender while an officer got so what you
do you borrowed a Republican talking
point
oh she over spends bit she's in favor of
big government when are you going to
make your case when are you going to
make a case of the voters why
progressives are right you know I looked
into it you know who else ran that
campaign against karen handel
all of her Republican opponents in the
first round
so they took Republican ads and ran it
as if it was Democratic ads attack her
on your ground the health care bill
right now proposed by the Republicans
has a massive unpopularity
I think it's unpopular too unpopular is
about fifty point difference maybe you
run on that well look at that a genius
idea right I mean I can go down the list
of things that are you run up protecting
social security she's gonna cut Social
Security well I don't know I don't know
if Karen handles ever said that find a
Republican who said it you've got a
dozen of him and then say karen handel
who's the son of a bitch who is with the
son of a bitch we're gonna cut Social
Security
oh no but shank that wouldn't be finding
common ground then how would I run as a
Republican I mean Democrat I mean then
my donors my large donors would be upset
they want tax cuts so what it let's go
to that mr. Asaf for his part sought to
avoid being linked to miss Pelosi or
labeled a liberal oh god forbid being
labeled a liberal he assured voters he
would not raise tax dollars of course he
did
he assured his donors I mean voters that
he would not raise taxes on the rich and
in pledging to root out wasteful
spending and see compromise he sounded
more like an heir to former senator Sam
Nunn's brand of southern centrism than a
progressive millennial okay you wonder
how you do that right low on the taxes
issue right now I know that they're more
wealthy in the suburbs of Atlanta where
this district is they always treat us
like were children our playing
three-dimensional chess your playing
checkers you lost the donald trump don't
tell me you're playing chess okay
gee so
you'd be lucky to be playing marbles so
okay yes we know they don't want their
taxes raised but talk to them about hey
you know what you guys don't like big
government I don't like big government
either I'll tell you the big government
I don't like big government that goes
and starts all those wars in the Middle
East gets our kids killed miss spends
trillions of our dollars it was karen
handel in favor of the Iraq war I don't
know find out right and find out how
many Republicans voted for the Iraq war
and go damn it they wasting trillions of
your money you want them to waste
trillions again both from Karen hell
yeah more war more money wasted you want
that oh no but Jake that would be
uncivil that would be uncivil no instead
let's you a campaign where we say that
we will cut taxes on the rich people in
red districts are no further attached to
your corporate bodies then then people
in blue districts you run as a populist
you run strong but if you continue to
run weak then call it centrism then
you're going to continue to lose and if
you are an actual centrist what you
would do is you would actually do
something based in facts and look I get
angry so it's easy to say oh he's
emotional now look at the facts look at
the facts the facts are the Democratic
establishment or losers that sounds
harsh but it's a fact you want to go
over it again
Trump I'll set it Supreme Court $69.99
state legislation facts on what's
actually centrist and non centrist look
at the polling on every issue the
country is significantly if not
massively center-left I know if you're
on TV or New York or Washington your
head just exploded oh no way
the country said to ride the country
center ride that's your talking point
where we're show me a poll Social
Security taxes
yes defense yes immigration reform yes
on every single issue gay rights
marijuana legalization every single
issue the country is center-left
so if you want to be a centrist you
don't run right you roll left but yet
again the moronic loser Democratic
establishment found a way to lose an
election
and they had no business losing and then
just that at the end there
Trump Rob's it in he sends a bunch of
tweets I'll just quote to him for you
thank you Fox News he tweets quote huge
win for President Trump and GOP in
Georgia
congressional special election
congratulations Democratic Party
you just let Donald Trump brag about a
huge win for Donald Trump yet again
progressives didn't run the race against
Donald Trump you did you did you gave us
this monster all date and then Trump
says Democrats would do much better as a
party if they got together with
Republicans on health care tax cuts
security obstruction doesn't work well
they just got together on tax cuts how'd
that turn out it turned out another
loser Democrat so if you wanted also to
win and you don't like hearing dog the
truth does not change it man the seat is
in Republican hands because Democrats
have lost another incredibly winnable
seat if he had run as a strong
progressive either as a just Democrat or
not but just as a strong populist
progressive he would have won Quist
woulda won would have at least two more
seats let alone what could happen in
South Carolina
uh or Kansas but they're gonna continue
to run centrist meaning donor friendly
campaigns if also if it said I'm not
taking any big donors he got so much
money from small donors he didn't need
the big donors he ran against corruption
both the Republican Democratic Party
he'd be a US congressman today that I
will guarantee you now we'll never find
out because as with so many Democrats he
took the advice of the Democratic
consultants that came in and said oh
sure sure sure let's run another soft
campaign and let's let the Republicans
win again
you wanna keep going in that direction
the democratic party's perf and they're
losing ways are perfect for you okay I
want to go in a different direction I
want actually win races
I know in
Washington Democrats fighting
aggressively to win races is an
unacceptable idea I think it is
perfectly acceptable and I think we can
win and we will win and it starts in
primaries in 2018 and Democratic Party
go ahead and cry and cry if you want but
we're within the Democratic Party where
the Justice Democrats and we're gonna
come for you and it's not to be
Democrats it's so that we can actually
win some goddamn seats against
Republicans because you obviously have
no earthly idea what you're doing so
step aside butch and we gotta go through
you to get to the Republicans we will
because we obviously can't leave this to
you you're never going to turn around
and you're never gonna figure out how to
beat Republicans so we're done with you
go to justice Democrats dot-com right
now sign up is show them what we're made
of strong progressives we're gonna run
those campaigns and unlike the
Democratic Party we're gonna win you
don't like ads I hear your brother you
know how you could avoid as for the
Young Turks become a notorious member
get all the content ad-free TYT Network
comm /join
