while I was with very important story
New York Times about how Robert Muller's
team is investigating Donald Trump so
every me everybody made a big deal about
that as they should it's a huge issue
that special counsel is not just
targeting people related to Trump or his
campaign but Trump himself but the very
last paragraph of that article I think
was by far the most interesting part
there's was that much focus on us I want
to make sure that you guys saw it and
and and you realize how important it is
because I think that in some ways they
were burying the lede so here is the the
last paragraph they said a former senior
official said mr. molars investigation
was looking at money laundering by Trump
associates so that came out exactly a
week ago money laundering that's not a
light charge that's money laundering
against the President of the United
States of America that's all the special
counsels looking into now they were just
brush past like oh yeah they're looking
at money laundering for the present what
okay now I'm as a rise buys I told you
did I tell you that I should have told
you Sonny it next to me right which is I
said it's financial cuz that's all Trump
cares about and he's been doing money
laundering for the Russians it's out
open he buys a house in Florida for 40
million sells it to them uh just a
couple but just a little bit later for a
hundred million five thousand go up by
sixty percent in a short period of time
that is a very common practice on how
you launder money you take money and you
take cash out of the country that you're
in by doing things like that
so if you haven't heard that practice
that's okay that means you're not a
money launderer okay but it's very
standard practice in money laundering
circles Donald Trump and the Russian
oligarchs had their money in the same
part of Deutsche Bank you know what it
was referred to it was referred to as
the global laundromat you know those
your bank didn't call the globe large
rather ones who run it investigators
called the global laundromat okay so yes
it's about Trump yes about
money-laundering a very very significant
crime and then the rest of the paragraph
the suspicion
that any cooperation with Russian
officials would most likely have been in
exchange for some kind of financial
payoff and that there would have been an
effort to hide the payments probably by
routing them through offshore banking
centers let me resize that financial
payoff financial payoff what did I tell
you I said this months ago it's Donald
Trump do we deal with the Russians it
isn't on the edges like oh you kind of
help me win the election by leaking some
emails and then I'll see if I look out
for you that's not gonna get anybody in
big trouble I mean that's what maybe the
Democrats thought in the beginning
that's that's not that big a deal
no Donald Trump they all he cares about
his money okay it'd be uh the Russians
would only was who would lend him any
money see Donald Trump has never not
bankrupted himself
so here's probably how it turned out and
I said this I know it was six months ago
but long time ago as soon as they're all
this came about right at Donald Trump
can't borrow any money from anyone else
has a bar from the Russians now that's
been confirmed by his sons when asked by
a Golf Magazine how did you guys get
money for these golf courses no American
bank will lend you money they said oh we
went to the Russians told you told you
and what is all Trump do he's an idiot
he runs everything in the ground
he probably owes the Russians a lot of
money I don't know you know this on the
rush is a lot of money is a very
dangerous game now there's something you
could do to become president I got out
of the Democrats let this guy win any
way you could come president and you
look the sanctions on a half a trillion
dollar deal they have with me Exxon
Mobil a walleye you paid off your debts
they're more than happy the revenue on
that deals expect to be nine trillion
dollars maybe we let Donald slide on his
on it on the loans that he owes us now
again I'm not the one I was saying
financially ops now it's Special Counsel
say financial payoffs
now Special Counsel investigating Trump
saying money laundering so will it you
know you gotta prove it you gotta be
materials oh one last thing
uh he said so
because Trump is not smart enough to be
sophisticated and subtle about it so the
deal is with ExxonMobil the CEO of
ExxonMobil now the Secretary of State
they ran a lot of these deals through a
second bank of the Bank of Cyprus now
you want to guess who the head of the
Bank of Cyprus was Wilbur Ross Secretary
of Commerce not subtle Trump also not
smart enough to cover it up they'll find
the paperwork pence get warmed up at the
boat bit you just watch the video from
the young turks did you know that
there's a live to our show every day and
if you're a member of the Young Turks
you can get that on-demand anytime you
want without ads plus the post game just
for members plus aggressive progresses
plus old school plus so many other
Network shows go right now
TYT Network comm slash join
