today marks a set of special elections
and so there's Georgia six district
we've talked a lot about that here on
TYT there's also an michael brought this
up a few shows ago
there's South Carolina's fifth district
which is making news for a fairly unique
reason I hadn't known this but South
Carolina's fifth district is actually
the district of Frank Underwood of house
of cards now that information from
Gaffney mr. Hayes from Gaffney turns out
he's fictional but that is the district
that he originally represented and that
did not go unnoticed in the actual race
in that fifth district and so let's show
a graphic you're going to see here this
is a graph a graphic this is a video
made by the Democrat running in that
election using that pop-culture
connection to try to make his point
I'm Archie Parnell I know enough about
our US tax code to bore you to tears I
know our trade laws and how to create
jobs too and I also know a few other
things we have a saying something where
I'm from never slap a man chewing
tobacco always read the fine print shake
with your right hand but hold a rock
with your left the president of United
States fired the FBI director
that actually happened it's not on the
show whenever you get someone on the
ropes you throw a right to the gut and a
left to the jaw Bell Trump shared
classified info with the Russians inside
the Oval Office
yep that's the thing too you see this
woman I love her more than sharks love
blood Archie even Achilles was only as
strong as his heel sleep is for the weak
come to bed Archie it's almost 9:00 p.m.
there are two types of congressmen
doormats and Matadors I will be a
matador for you
how'd I do
so that's uh the Democrat Archie Parnell
in that race pretty great a great ad I'm
sure uh house of cards is huge in that
district
it's a big show nationally it's possible
some people watch it I I'd the reason
look the reason show is I just recently
watched the most recent season and I was
great and so that was very appealing to
me I know they necessarily sold the
character quite as well as Kevin Spacey
but look we want people to try to
humanize himself joke with the wife is
is is in that you know nice and all it
seems crazy crazy things happen in
politics I guess trump on that district
by 17 points generally uh who's she was
it make uh Mick Mulvaney before that he
had lay on flat had a Jones probably got
redistricting a little but John Spratt
had it for forever he was a Democrat
yeah um and with like a handshake
that was John sprats thing I thought
Dutch Brett shook your hand oh really
yeah with a president like that uh Astra
and uh uh so you know again a Democrat
had held that seat it's not
inconceivable
it seems so unlikely in the climate we
live in now but if a publicans are
unmotivated and don't turn out and you
know he's that clearly that like if you
had my hunch is that if he campaigned
well and if he met people they probably
liked him right now
there they like him Yeah right right and
I'm sure you won't win right yeah uh so
to put some numbers to at Hillary
Clinton lost South Carolina by nearly 19
points in 2016 and uh that particular
district the fifth District of South
Carolina is 19 percent points more
Republican in the nation as a whole so
that is a get jump Trump I think Trump
ABC any Trumpy Clinton by 17 points yes
that that's gonna be rough um now I I we
we try to find polling it doesn't look
like there's any official polling there
was an internal poll that showed him
down by 10 its internal poll is usually
somewhat more positive so that's gonna
bet that's gonna be tough and I looked
into Archie Parnell uh he's got some on
his campaign website he's got some nice
generic statements about a lot of issues
uh previously worked as a lawyer for for
Goldman Sachs so some people take issue
with
and there's not a ton of specifics on a
lot of the policies I means coming from
outside of politics but I guess we'll
get to that if he is able to overcome
what appears to be a nearly
insurmountable Republican lead in that
district
you don't like hats well I hear your
brother did you know that you can begin
my Young Turks member get the full two
hours show every day on demand plus so
many other Network shows all ad-free for
just ten bucks a month give it a shot
right now
to you i tea network.com /join
