the special election for Georgia six
district is already the most expensive
house race in US history which I'm sure
Michael Shore will appreciate as a
devotee of political history in America
the most expensive ever over fifty
million dollars in outside largely
unknown unaccounted for money being
spent on the special election but it's
also starting to look like potentially
one of the dirtiest because in the
closing day of the race just a day
before the actual voting happens
although much early voting has already
happened an outside group has released
an ad trying to link John Asif the
Democrat to the recent shooting in
Virginia let's watch now the unhinge
left is endorsing and applauding
shooting Republicans when will it stop
he won't if John Asaf wins on Tuesday
because the same unhinged leftist
cheering last week shooting are all
backing John Asaf and if he wins they
win stop them stop them now stop John
Asaf stop Nancy Pelosi vote karen handel
for congress vote principled leadership
project I paid for this ad and is solely
responsible for its content
Wow their messages are so it was your
did anybody honestly see anybody
applauding this shooting I don't know
who that so they showed some tweets yeah
I can only see one full name I don't
know who it was but they weren't even
verified they found a person on Twitter
who said the galaxy police is an ass or
something I was out as yet something
like that yeah I'm sure that there's
someone who made inappropriate comments
right because it's it's Twitter and you
can see that delays was an ass while at
the same time hoping he gets better and
I think it's just fucking awful that he
was shot and that this happened and I
you know so I uh I you know I can't get
over this ad I can't get over the way
also that people are saying that this
you know the the notion that there are
people that are opposed to this
president and what he wants to do uh
means that that's an extreme position
they're trying to paint people if
they're part of the onions let the
unhinged left yeah yeah weather man it's
always like II every time a shooting
like this
happens uh any kind of attack or
something you know a lot of people try
to grasp on the narrative they like and
they show how this backs up what they've
been saying all along uh which is
disgusting but it's almost even worse
when someone sees a new opportunity and
tries to get something out of it where
they now think oh my god we can smear
any resistance to a president it's all
the same as shooting Congress people as
if this isn't the same party that said
initially that their main job in office
was to make uh brock obama lose to make
sure he doesn't accomplish anything
well targets on posters or other
latonans and look at not ever there's a
lot of people in america who are
constantly shouting about watering the
tree of liberty and how you know our
country was founded on being willing to
shoot down tyrannical government
operatives not a lot of them are hippies
not a lot of them are involved in drum
circles they subscribe to a political
point of view ain't necessarily Bernie
Sanders most of time one thing that that
I picked up on there well it was and I
think he with maybe the three of us
talked about it last week but Nancy
Pelosi using Nancy Pelosi in an ad like
this forces the House race are going to
talk about Nancy Pelosi giving her more
power by giving another vote in Congress
to her but I talked to a congressman in
off-the-record when I was in Washington
last who said one of the big challenges
for the Democrats is going to be if it
looks like in 2018 they can almost win
the house that they're closed there may
be ten seats that are in play to get
Nancy Pelosi to come out and say I'm not
going to run for speaker because then
you take away what is a very effective
you know well bogeyman for for that side
a very effective weapon for the other
side well she's not going to be in power
she's gonna be a member of the House or
she's going to retire one of the other
he didn't say he said it's gonna be
tough to do I mean you're gonna have to
somebody's going to have to be at that
point chosen to whisper into her ear hey
Nancy I think we could win the house if
you say they're not gonna stand for
speaker you better get somebody else to
whisper in the other ear well that
person's whispering into one ear I think
that's a real tall order but it's a
genius move because as Michael says you
take that off the table and all of a
sudden you really have a
is what she really is has been
bastardized at this point to the point
of no return I mean I guess she's still
at you know it you could get into
arguments about health care and
single-payer she's in the leadership
she's if she were a member of Congress
should be in a very different position
other than being the leader but that
they've turned her irreversibly into
something that she can't get away from
we saw in a national campaign with
Hillary Clinton last year and I you know
you see that with different people greed
yeah she's part of old Washington
institutional corporate politics she is
she's at she can't get that stink offer
and they also have this idea like I
would love I would love for her to be as
far loony left as they pitchers being
and she is on some issues but she was
more so what before she was a leader
with which was a member of Congress she
Barbara Boxer came to the house together
they're thus they were the same type of
very very liberal then she got into
leadership and your roles are different
you're keeping coalition together yeah
yeah and it's I'm glad that you brought
that up I mean it it it definitely seems
like Republicans are able to make these
ideas sort of not even necessarily
rooted in policy just as visceral like
you see the face in the name and you
just don't like a nothing new person say
a lot of people and uh here's one of the
terrible things about American politics
it seems to work better against women
that's yeah ago about they're very good
at driving hatred and resentment towards
female politicians at the other wheel
her lawyers watch her ass I think women
who are politicians are a disadvantage
to and you know you watch that spot as I
said just a messages in your face it's
it's almost this pugilistic kind of
political ad and when you're a woman
you're called upon to be all these
things strong but not overbearing to any
extreme level I'm talking about when
you're trying to win political favor
yeah it's it I think women who are in
politics are a very difficult position
often in terms of fighting sort of in a
bare-knuckles way to to make various
points yeah similar to being in business
or something like that yeah yeah the
expectations are ethical going to what
you guys just said about women to a lot
of congressional ads are doing South
Carolina they did it in Montana where
they just had that race are using Pelosi
and Sanders yeah they're decidedly
didn't use him in in Georgia where his
message may be resonating with
Democrats where the other fellas early
something and yeah exactly and and and I
think that's an important thing to me
that they didn't use the man is Kathy
Griffin and Nancy Pelosi so yeah I would
say after what Kathy Griffin did they
gotta get her out of the house
leadership I mean it's just it's really
controversial yeah anyway let's break
down the reaction to this so that the
Tara black comes out linking him to the
shooting or least attempting to Asif
puts out a statement saying the man is
litter is fighting for his life
referring to Scalise I think it's
disgraceful to politicize it and I think
secretary handle should call for it to
come down uh
a spokesperson for handle said for any
group to use the shootings this week for
political or personal benefit is a
shameful but there are some people are
happy about this uh this is a Brad
Carver GOP chairman for Georgia zhilie
11th congressional district who says
I'll tell you what I think the shooting
is gonna win this election for us
because moderates and independents in
this district are tired of left-wing
extremism I get that there's extremists
on both sides we're not seeing them oh
yeah I think you're not choosing to see
them then he goes on John to say we're
seeing absolute resistance to everything
this president does that sort of what I
was a foreigner before unlike Barack
Obama like brocco bomb unlike my I'm
sure Brad Carver was just cursing Mitch
McConnell's name we said we're gonna be
the party of no right not seeing yeah I
look that up Google that for a while
yeah and by the way apparently voter
interest in this race is much higher
than in previous cycles a lot of people
have already voted early but you still
can vote tomorrow when the actual race
happens else bring this up you can see
the two most recent polls from just past
couple of days uh one with the narrow
lead for the Republican one with a
narrow lead for the Democrat there uh
sinned in the past four years the
district has moved slightly towards the
Democrats and special elections so far
the cycle have been towards Democrats
which is a good sign but there's a lot
of money out there this most recent ad
theoretically could sway people so if
you can vote and choose not to go right
to hell a joke now but I'd prefer if you
vote also uh at the last minute Donald
Trump sort of endorsed Handel and he did
so in the best way that he could he
tweeted a bunch of things about how
passionate he is
about her by never once saying anything
positive about her only attacking John
Asif and spelling her name incorrectly
so he is a very invested in this race
and baby does stand for something after
all
and also keep in mind tomorrow there's a
another race in South Carolina there's a
that's the race for uh for was it uh
Mick Mulvaney see ya there whose uh and
you know it's it's a farther apart race
there's not a lot of money going into a
Tim Ryan the congressman from Ohio who I
will note has done in to campaign for
Archie Parnell there the the Democrat
has also made three trips to Iowa and uh
and so Tim Ryan who ran against Nancy
Pelosi is sort of a take as the fall guy
for speaker and has been a friend of
this show for a long time making little
waves and I think that he may run for
president you don't like heads well I
hear your brother did you know that you
can become a Young Turks member get to
full to our show every day on demand
plus so many other Network shows all ad
free for just ten bucks a month give it
a shot right now to UI T Network comm
slash join
