recently there was a shocking case
involving a young girl who through text
messaging encouraged her boyfriend of
two years to commit suicide
unfortunately uh the 18 year old man did
commit suicide and as a result Michelle
Carter the girlfriend who was
encouraging him and also instructing him
on how to commit suicide had to stand
trial now the case uh is novel and the
outcome is also unprecedented she has
been convicted of involuntary
manslaughter she faces ten years in
prison and will be sentenced sometime in
August now to give you some details on
this story and how it all came about
Conrad Roy was found dead in the cab of
his pickup truck in the parking lot of a
Kmart on July 13th of 2014 with the tube
from a generator pumping in carbon
monoxide up to the moment that he passed
out from the toxic fumes then
seventeen-year-old Carter was on the
telephone with him she later informed
friends when he had doubts and climbed
out of the truck she ordered him back in
alright I have more details let me give
you a few more examples of how she
encouraged him and I want you guys to
jump in she can hear him coughing she
can hear the loud noise of the motor it
constituted wanton and reckless conduct
by miss Carter creating a situation
where there is a high degree of
likelihood that substantial harm would
result in mr. Roy that's according to
Lawrence uh Moniz who was uh the judge
in this case and by the way this was not
a jury trial uh the defense believed
that it would be more fair if the judge
made the ruling on his own and uh you
know in in this case of course she gets
convicted and we'll see how long her
sentence will be the judge also says
where one's action creates a
life-threatening risk to another there
is a duty to take responsible steps to
alleviate the risk also in her text
leading to his death
Carter belittled her boyfriend for
failing to make good on previous threats
to commit suicide and made him promise
that he would follow through she sent
him research on different methods
including hanging and jumping off a high
building
she finally settled on carbon monoxide
poisoning Carter advised Roy to do it
away from home so that nobody could
interrupt
stop his death she sounds great
to catch uh uh I you know my initial
reaction to this was that uh this is
crazy that she would be you know he did
it
it's suicide no manslaughter involved in
a suicide I still might feel that way
because it's tough but that said her
behavior is sort of inhuman although I
suspect in her head thought she was
helping right maybe best case so she
also uh suffered from psychological
issues um she had a an eating disorder
and she also suffered from you know uh
psychological issues which I don't want
to comment on because I'm not a mental
health professional and I don't know the
details
but uh you know it's interesting because
it didn't start off with her encouraging
him to commit suicide in the beginning
she seemed to discourage him
and then later on she encouraged him but
did so very aggressively right I'm
taunting him or mocking him for for not
following through for failing to do so
he had attempted to commit suicide uh a
couple times previously uh
you know here's another example of
something that she messaged him and you
can't break a promise and just go in a
quiet parking lot or something when Roy
wrote that he didn't want to hurt his
parents Carter reassured him I think
your parents know you're in a really bad
place I'm not saying they want you to do
it but I honestly feel like they can
accept it
if you're incredibly depressed and you
hear someone that you're with say I
think your parents will get over it or
accept it I just I don't know I don't I
don't I don't know what the right
commentary is on this story it's just a
really difficult yeah well so um I'll
just say this um it's very hard to
decipher between this being a severe
case of mental illness or the mean girl
illness because we do have issues with
mean girls and we see it more and more
they tend to look alike in the media but
what I will say this is that one thing
is we got to stop ignoring mental
illness yes country we really have to
stop thinking that we can
just fix it at home that we can talk
people out of their mental illnesses
some people really need medication
because from what I read they were going
to commit suicide together like a Romeo
Juliet type thing and then she backed
out of it and then she encouraged him
and uh it just seems like more and more
we keep hearing stories of but
situations that sound completely hard to
understand when you're normal but I just
think that um I'm not making excuses for
her I do feel some kind of way about you
being accountable for your own suicide
and and it's you know it what if if you
walk around and other people tell you
are you gonna be subject to what other
people say and if that's the case are we
gonna go around prosecuting everybody
who says something that could lead
someone who's mentally over there on
suicide but I do think we just have to
really deal with the reality of mental
illness and um she sounds like no matter
what's wrong with her she needs to be
put away somewhere because she just
doesn't sound sick like she's normal
laya or soar she's as mad evil and
that's not good either well though you
know that she first of all strange she
didn't testify which i think is a
mistake because uh uh I get it you might
not want testify with the jury but once
you've given up the jury trial you've
got a judge and the judge knows how to
interpret your testimony and I would
have made my case that of what they
ended up having the celebrity
psychiatrist Peter Breggin who testified
in her behalf but he he you she's not
thinking she's doing something criminal
found a way to help her boyfriend he
wants to die wants to go to heaven show
help him just the way she wants it that
again she's not evil this she thought
she was helping so even though you know
the more I read about it the and the
more I think about it the less I feel
like this girl ought to be in prison
like I get it and it's an interesting
moment that we've come to in the world
of texting and social media where you
know you can be as they ruled she was a
hundred miles away or an hour away but
virtually present because of the texting
it's a weird concept in a weird sort of
new way to interpret the law this guy
killed himself putting her in prison for
twenty years is not uh does not strike
me as accomplishing much I find it
interesting and just worth noting that
the same week that Michelle Carter's
found guilty in Massachusetts
texting suicide bit Geronimo yen as was
acquitted of killing ran doctor actually
literally shot Mikey literally shot him
and admits it and but it just to demean
it shows you the totally different
standard of how we've written the law to
wear for police soon as a police officer
says I feel threatened and even though
God bless the prosecutor for bringing
the Philander Castillo case because most
don't even get to trial and they brought
a case they attempted uh to put the cop
away uh but it is nearly impossible and
that this girl this guy killed it
everybody knows the facts except he
killed himself she's an hour away uh but
she didn't text him to stop and and and
uh and and prompted him along and pushed
him along and that somehow that's enough
did another I'm nervous about the fact
that you can be virtually present
somewhere and I had have a legal some
legal consequences because it makes it
was like conspiracy laws when they came
along it you were thinking about doing
something and a lot of people went to
jail for being in the room with someone
like it makes me a little bit nervous
but um I do agree with you I wasn't here
earlier when you guys covered that foot
falando Castillo and I know that a lot
of people are very upset and I'm one of
them as the mother of a young black male
which you guys hear over and over again
because every time he leaves the house I
freaked out but I'll let you do
absolutely every single time and I know
that my kid is one of those kids who
will not talk back and is a very good
human being and it's a law-abiding
citizen but that doesn't mean anything
because that other kid who was a you
know an honor roll student and great guy
shot and killed to Atlantica steel did
everything right was it very good I
don't know but I will say to you people
who do find yourselves on this side of
the argument that us having this
discussion amongst each other isn't
really doing much we have to really
become true activists and go talk to the
people who don't think like us and we
really need to get involved in you know
the laws on a state and local level
because that's how we make a difference
with this stuff
Young Turks now has over six billion
lifetime views you know who did that you
did that we're now larger the CNN ABC
you name a news
Network online were larger than them and
you built all that as everyone scoffed
and didn't believe and here we are guys
thanks to you build in the meta media
together with us at TYT Network dot-com
/join
