a police officer in Dallas tonight is
under investigation after fatally
shooting a man in his home imagine being
a police officer killing your black
neighbor in cold blood and then having
the police department release you
immediately after questioning because
you were cooperating and then take three
days before booking you because that is
exactly what happened with Amber Geiger
of the Dallas Police Department this
past weekend first amber thought she was
getting into her own apartment after a
long shift but the door was locked and
she couldn't get in and as she was
rustling with the keys Botham answered
the door and startled her so she shot
him that was original story anyway but
now Amber's testimony has changed a
bunch of times to make it seem like
she's the real victim here but none of
this changes the fact that Amber Geiger
is a murderer she absolutely is guilty
of murdering her neighbor Botham gene an
innocent churchgoer any Price Waterhouse
Cooper analyst and just an all-around
good guy and the only reason she's given
this long of a leash is because she's a
cop and because he was black because in
the United States the police care more
about protecting their own rather than
upholding the law in a fair way all of
this is pretty cut and dry but if you
want to see how little conservative
pundits care about facts and will spin
any story in their favor let's look at
what my favorite fashion mom Dana Loesch
had to say about all of this this could
have been very different if Botham Jean
had been say he was a law-abiding gun
owner and he saw somebody coming into
his apartment and this could have been
very differently had he actually had a
firearm on him maybe it would be a
different individual she might be the
one carried out here's Dana Loesch
literally telling you that you should
shoot cops coming into your apartment
because nothing matters when you're
spewing propaganda to sell more arms
tell that to Gregory Hill Jr's family
who were awarded four dollars for his
murder when the cops arrived at his
doorstep and executed him through his
garage doors because a neighbor was
annoyed he was listening to rap music
with curse words in it the courts found
that that murder was justified because
he had a gun and there was alcohol in
his blood but it takes real effort to be
this shamelessly sociopathic so I
applaud Dana for managing to delude
herself about the brutal realities of
being a black gun owner in America
because we all know what happens when
police officers assume someone has a gun
especially a black kid it doesn't matter
if they're 12 like Tamir rice and the
gun is a toy in a No
and carry state it certainly doesn't
matter if the gun owner plays everything
by the book like falando castile the
officer still gets away with murder
as a matter of fact it doesn't even
matter if the person is carrying a gun
for example in Baltimore an
investigation found that cops used to
carry toy guns to plant on people in
case they accidentally killed someone
ultimately this very same mentality that
protects amber Geiger that mentality
exists in Police Department's nationwide
and that's part of the reason why we
can't even begin to talk about bias or
police brutality
so stop protecting bad cops and start
getting outraged at the right things I'm
a psalm piker if this murder outrages
you please share this video with your
friends please don't forget to leave
your thoughts in the comment section
below and for a longer conversation I'm
live every day on my twitch at twitch.tv
slash hasta nabi from 4 p.m. to 10 p.m.
pacific and as always if you want to
support independent media outlets like
ours please go to t y-t-dot-com slash
join and join t YT membership and this
has been the breakdown want to see more
videos like this well then subscribe to
the T YT channel below also don't forget
to become a t YT member you can get
access for as little as $4.99 a month
also download the T YT Plus app on your
phone or head over to T y-t-dot-com
slash join today
