on Monday of this week Donald Trump held
his first-ever full cabinet meeting he
began the meeting by going around the
table having everybody just kind of say
who they are and what they do but
everyone there at the table kind of took
the time to say a little more than that
here is Wright's Priebus summing up what
virtually everyone at that table had to
say about Donald Trump the half of the
entire senior staff around You mr.
president we thank you for the
opportunity and the blessing that you've
given us to serve your agenda and the
American people and we'll keep
continuing to work very hard every day
to accomplish those goals ranks Priebus
understand something that everyone else
at that table understands as well if you
want to stay on Trump good side it
doesn't matter how horrible you are at
your job all that matters is that you
tell him what a great human being he is
some other comments are made it's an
honor to be able to serve you said
Attorney General Jeff Sessions not serve
the American people not further the
Republican agenda but to serve you
because that's what Jeff Sessions is all
about just serving Donald Trump I am
privileged to be here deeply honored
said labor secretary secretary Alexander
Acosta I can't thank you enough for the
privileges you've given me in leadership
that you've shown said Tom Price
director of Health and Human Services
and the list goes on this was the most
bizarre cabinet meeting that I have seen
in 13 years of covering American
politics you know this is the kind of
thing that you would expect if we were
watching a cabinet meeting say in North
Korea because that's what they do they
lavish Dear Leader with praise hoping
that he doesn't send them off to the
gulags but Donald Trump is no different
he is no different than an authoritarian
dictator he wants people to love him and
that is the only thing that matters he
wants loyalty and nothing else matters
and these people at that table proved
what disgusting despicable human beings
can be by telling Donald Trump we love
you one of them said I just got back
from Mississippi they love you there
that's not what this is supposed to be
the the presidential office the White
House these cabinet meetings this isn't
a Donald Trump pep rally this is where
you go to get business done where you
decide the future of this country but
instead Donald Trump as usual uses it to
essentially force his staff he may not
have told them to do it but they
understand what happens if they don't
so that is forcing them he uses these
meetings to force them to tell him how
great he is with all those media cameras
and microphones all around that table
everybody got to hear how much everybody
loves Donald Trump and to his sick
twisted little mind that is the only
thing that matters
