a judge has ordered a review of the
Dakota access pipeline and this is a
small but important victory for those
who have been protesting at Standing
Rock who have protested the Dakota
access pipeline and the potential harm
that it could cause to the drinking
water in the area now the federal judge
ruled that the Army Corps of Engineers
did not adequately consider the Dakota
access pipelines impact on the
environment and ordered the agency to
re-evaluate parts of its analysis the
court agrees that the Corps did not
adequately consider the impacts of an
oil spill on fishing rights hunting
rights or environmental justice or the
degree to which the pipeline's effects
are likely to be highly controversial
that is a direct statement from the US
District Judge James Bose Berg and uh he
makes a great point there I mean that
was what people wanted that's what the
Obama administration wanted toward the
end of his second term they wanted a
better review a comprehensive review of
the environmental impact of this
pipeline and by the way as suspected as
predicted there were already two major
spills with this pipeline in March its
system spilled more than a hundred
gallons of oil in two separate incidents
and then also the line uh leaked 84
gallons in South Dakota in April and so
the concerns of the Native Americans
living in that area are legitimate
concerns there already been spills and
so I think the judge did the right thing
here
keep in mind uh that the pipeline
started pumping commercially on June 1st
and uh it's just already there have
already been problems with the spills so
we'll see how this plays out yeah it's
hard to know how this uh uh it's hard to
know how this goes uh legally it is hard
for me to imagine a Trump Interior
Department at a trump administration not
winning this battle because their
resource but a federal judge can can get
in the way of a lot of things and and
it's funny because the word
this was uh intricacies like that you
know saying the Army Corps of Engineers
substantially complied but uh you didn't
take into account how an oil spill could
affect the the the how could affect the
tribe uh in in all those three and
fishing rights honey rights or
environmental justice all those three
ways and that's that opens up a pretty
bet seemed to be a pretty broad ruling
while pretending wording it so that it's
a specific ruling but then giving sort
of uh broad authority to the Army Corps
of engineer giving a many things to
investigate right uh and in fact the
head of the the uh Dave R Shambo the
second I guess if I'm pronouncing his
name right the Standing Rock tribal
chairman he called it a UH major victory
and praised the Obama administration for
uh painstakingly said considering the
impacts of the pipeline and then
criticized the Trump administration for
doing a slew so the tribe considers a
major victory obviously anything that
slows this process down is a victory is
is some victory but it might be a major
victory because of a federal judge wants
to spend years analyzing whether those
three outcomes have have been uh you
know wet weather those three concerns
have been appropriately addressed he can
he can make it take that long time is
hard again hardly to believe that a
Trump interior department solely
dedicated a trouble ministration to
rolling back regulations and letting
business do what they want harge me to
believe that they don't find a way to
win this but it's a good day it is a
good day yeah it's also hard for me to
believe that they needed to conduct
further review on this wasn't the Dakota
pipeline originally rerouted from
another like from North Dakota Bismarck
somewhere else right because of its
potential environmental effects on that
community that community largely white
right so now all of a sudden we need
further review to see if there were
going to be some kind of environmental
impact on this particular community or
context right it's I just think it's
interesting that in in various context
in the US people of color are
consistently fighting for access to
clean water
it's insane it really is it's crazy and
you know I
constantly bring up the work that
Reuters has done in testing drinking
water not only in Flint Michigan but
throughout the country and you know
obviously the the water crisis in Flint
Michigan was a big deal and it sparked
some of the investigations that that
reuters has done but they found that you
know in a lot of areas that aren't um
from a lower socioeconomic status the
drinking water is still not safe to
consume uh in parts of Los Angeles right
where you have like the wealthiest
people living on there are some issues
with the drinking water but you're right
I mean if you wanna you know compare or
or show uh where it's more likely to
have unsafe drinking water it deported
disproportionately impacts those from
poor communities and it's just
disgusting by the way there's another
component to the story that I think is
important um so the judge also
acknowledged that the federal permits
which were granted by Trump's executive
order in January yeah broke the law in
some aspects the president had ordered
the Corps to expedite permits enabling
the pipeline to cross the Missouri River
upstream of the Standing Rock
reservation and so um I didn't see much
uh elaboration on it uh but I do think
that that's an interesting angle that
the judge took and I think that you know
look for me the biggest issue with Trump
agreeing with the further construction
of the pipeline in the operation the
pipeline is the huge conflict of
interest the fact that he uh is it like
he invested in this project right the
fact that he has a financial incentive
to allow the project to go through and
for you know the pipeline to you know
start pumping the oil I don't know it's
that that conflict of interest keeps
coming up over and over again and I
wonder if there's ever going to be any
type of consequence for it and for me
this isn't even ideological if this was
a Democratic president I'd have the same
problem with it
but for some reason you know he seems
untouchable when it comes to this issue
there's a story out today it's an
Umbreon in the Minneapolis star-tribune
that uh judge is ruling the might open
the door for at least a temporary
shutdown of
uh thank you for that pop-up ad a
judge's ruling the might open the door
for at least a temporary shutdown of the
disputed to code access pilots surprised
the oil industry uh that had hailed the
project is a game changer for North
Dakota oil so uh you know it caught this
ruling cut a lot of people off-guard
I can't imagine that there won't be and
Earth's quickest appeal I don't know how
much does Trump hate federal judges oh I
thought that federal judges would be the
homies right yeah I love federal judges
go get him
you don't like heads well I hear your
brother did you know that you can become
a Young Turks member get the full
two-hour show every day on demand plus
so many other Network shows all ad free
for just ten bucks a month give it a
shot right now
tu IT Network comm slash join
