an employee at JPMorgan Chase is
actually suing his employer because he
believes the paternity leave or paternal
leave is biased against men and also
against women so let me explain the man
at the center of this is Derrick rotondo
and he claims that is an interesting
photo of him but he claims that you know
there is this unfair practice at JP
Morgan Chase where women luckily will
get paid maternal leave they can leave
for about 16 weeks and it will be paid
for it's incredible however men only get
two weeks of paid leave and if they are
the primary caretaker of the child they
have to go through quite a bit to prove
it okay so let me give you some of the
details on that so he filed a federal
sex discrimination complaint on Thursday
accusing the bank of discriminating
against fathers by giving them paid
paternal leave on different terms than
mothers based on the stereotype that
women should care for children JP Morgan
gives women 16 weeks of paid leave while
fathers only get two weeks fathers must
show that either their partner has
returned to work or is medically
incapable of caring for the child to get
the 16 weeks of leave here's the thing
why don't you just give men and women 16
weeks of leave like why I get it they
don't want people to leave they don't
want to have to pay for individuals who
aren't at work but this notion that a
the woman is the primary caretaker and
the guy is the one who needs to earn the
money is is ridiculous because society
is changing things are evolving and and
men are becoming more and more involved
in raising kids right and also another
thing is this annoying assumption that a
woman or a man can just do it by
themselves having a baby is one of the
most overwhelming things on the planet
and so if I have a baby I don't want to
sit at home and try to figure it all out
by myself I'd like my partner to be
there with me sure you know it's just I
think that this is an interesting
lawsuit I'm curious to see how it plays
out but if you want to look to some
precedent on this matter
Time Warner Inc actually changed its
paid paternal leave policies in 2014
after former CNN reporter filed
plate with the EEOC targeting a policy
that he said gave ten weeks of leave to
mothers uh and parents who adopted only
two weeks to biological fathers that's
that's good news we'll see how it plays
out yeah I uh I you know I could see
where you could like give 16 weeks like
aggregate Lee you know or I mean I I
tend to be with you that I'd great so
give the dad 16 weeks to or give him
eight weeks of paid leave and eight
weeks of unpaid leave forgive them no
idea is again leave standard or least
provide some options right it would have
to be 16 weeks you could stagger the
time right if you know parents will
prescient well I mean like but but my
wife had a not make she had I think
California's great about like it
requires some kind of ridiculous numbers
that they give you and then you can take
that number again unpaid and they can't
get they can't lose your job wait wait I
didn't even know this so California has
like 20 weeks it's a it's a great number
it's a big number
I'm pregnant enough on the eye and then
you can take like another toy you can
and you can take another 20 I'm making
the drop but it's big at uh unpaid and
they can't the summer they can pay you
half and then you get then you can take
awhile unpaid and but they can keep your
job but um you know you keep your
benefits so it's uh I mean uh so I could
see that that that there's probably
something reasonable or first of all if
you're the primary caregivers you
probably just have to say on the primary
caregiver the notion there's an
investigation and that you know right
and that's creepy and that they found
out that all your wife says she's a
teacher she's not working like hey hey
personal she worked incredibly hard for
nine months that's why she gets three
months off like your this is built-in
that they get three months off it's not
like vacation time necessarily who's to
say she's not gonna show up she needs to
be there six hours every day planning or
lessons or sweep in the for whatever the
f it is teachers do right every time
right it's all you know um so that it's
crazy that you have to like show like if
you just say on the primary caregiver
then you should probably get sixteen
weeks yeah and then if you
your wife if she works for the same
company she can also get those 16 weeks
if that's their argument if they don't
want to give it to both but so either
yeah either it goes for both or you pick
a reasonable number and men don't just
get to 10 right 16 to give something but
whatever let let the if he's a primary
caregiver he's a primary caregiver yeah
no question that I mean all these things
are not you know you see it when you
have a kid and then you watch all these
other families that are super
progressive right every family I know
like that is that is friends with my
daughter and they but there is something
about these kids in their mother's
manaman is not innate is not made up
that said it's totally reasonable for a
woman to say I'm going back to work in
two weeks and my husband's primary
caregiver god bless go forward that so
III agree with you guys but man there is
these kids connection their moms is
profound yeah but I don't think
connection um negates the fact that
parenting and in in general is difficult
so it is assuming that my kids if they
will exist have this natural connection
to me as mother I still need assistance
right mentally go and take care of all
of the things that life um you know
entails but also think we should take
into consideration non heteronormative
families right so yeah they're all kind
of family structures to where these
kinds of standards don't apply it's a
very old very old school yeah so and I
also think if you give men and women the
same uh maternity leave time then it
also um makes men accountable for uh I
just fear that if you do that and I
sorry I'll go ahead but my fears that
they'll be like okay we'll get in the
same time so let's reduce the amount of
time we like that's you know uh so I
want like thoughtful maternity uh
maternity and and and and significance
really important it's important for
usually for the person just gave birth
because literally came out of your body
there is a there is a visceral
connection it's psychological it is it
is it is part of who you are instantly
changes when you have a baby but again
but if the woman but the band's a
primary caregiver then that he gets the
same amount of time yes crazy decide
we're not the Young Turks you're The
Young Turks you power this show
together we build something amazing we
broken stories like the Donna Brazile
story the mainstream media wouldn't
break we built a studio we built this
network it's now number one all thanks
to you guys let's come build it even
bigger and stronger TYT Network dot-com
/ join
