after far far too many days the
residents of Flint Michigan are still
obviously suffering from the in some
cases perhaps irresponsible in other
cases malicious and horrendous decisions
of their government officials when it
comes to their water supply now we have
a little bit of good news that we get to
today but we do want to just remind you
how long this issue has been going on if
we could bring up this first graphic it
has been at least 1036 days since it was
clear that Flint had a major problem
early on the problem seemed to be
limited to limited to extremely
dangerous bacteria and it quickly became
apparent that the the problem went far
beyond that we're talking about over a
thousand days that we've known that
there were issues there and the people
living there are still living as if they
can't drink the water because of course
they can't still using filters and
bottled water and all of that so we've
got some good news for you but just to
put it in context this is an issue that
has gone on far far far too long but
let's get to the good news
Nick Lyon the director of the Michigan
Department of Health and Human Services
and for other state and local officials
failed to properly alert the public
about a Legionnaires outbreak and the
possibility that another outbreak
would happen that of course is not the
good news but they did it the good news
is that federal charges have actually
now been filed against them now in case
you're not familiar with the disease
Legionnaires disease is a lung infection
caused by bacteria that thrive in warm
water now that particular bacteria is
not the only bacteria that was infesting
and continues to infest the pipes in
Flint but it is a particularly dangerous
one
now mr. Leon the director that we
referred to earlier has been accused of
misconduct in office a felony the
charging document said that mr. Leon's
acts and failure to act resulted in the
death of at least one person it asserted
that he willfully disregarded the deadly
nature of the Legionnaires outbreak and
exhibited gross negligence when he
failed to alert the public about the
deadly outbreak and by taking steps to
suppress information illustrating
obvious and apparent harms that were
likely to result in serious injury if he
is actually convicted of the most
serious charge and voluntary
manslaughter he could face up to 20
years in prayer
and now the other officials are not
facing nearly as serious charges because
they didn't act in a way that led to
deaths necessarily but it is good to see
a continuation of the arrests and
warrants that have been going out over
the past year so well people have died
from Legionnaires disease yeah in Flint
12 yeah yeah so it would be easy for
some people to write this off as oh
there's bacteria in the water
but when you know that it's Legionnaires
and you know that it theoretically
perhaps even likely could kill people
the idea that you would not only sort of
slow roll making it clear that it's
there so that people could take steps
not to expose their family to it but
that you would then try to suppress the
information that you would try to stop
the information from being released I
don't even know I'm not a lawyer I say
that on every show I don't even know if
involuntary manslaughter is necessarily
the correct crime here there seems to
have been quite a bit of forethought
that led to this yeah I couldn't tell
from the National but told the story
because he's been to result the death at
least one person can you file 12 counts
of uh he faced 12 counts of this exact
same thing I that that is beyond mine I
would say most legal issues are change
the I wouldn't change the nature of the
of the of the trial if it gets that far
uh you know he could well uh plead out
to something else that that is entirely
possible and that sometimes is the case
when you're charged with multiple things
but just to run down the other people
who have been charged you have Eden
wells the chief medical Executive for
the Michigan Department of Health and
Human Services dr. Wells was charged
with obstruction of justice and lying to
a peace officer
yes obstruction of justice does happen
in America some people on Twitter don't
seem to accept that Donald Trump and by
the way it's actually up to 15 the
number of people who have been charged
in connection with Flint's water crisis
so look at this point I have absolutely
no idea if he'll end up getting any
actual serious time in jail government
officials have a degree of protection
the legal system perhaps not to the
extent that cops do but I also know this
is working against him the actual the
the decisions that led to that problem
and the larger problem since then we're
not limited to the exercise of this one
guy mr. Leon and I think that those
people would probably love to have some
at a lower level go away for this make
people think that we had some justice
that it was just him and a couple of
other people that made these decisions
of course it's much bigger huge amounts
of money were at stake he wasn't the
only person to make decisions that
resulted in these deaths
he might theoretically be the only
person go to jail for it well you know
and oh he's not just these in there for
manslaughter also obstruction of justice
charges a term that the many Americans
are like become quite familiar with in
the years months and perhaps years ahead
uh uh I'm not sure to pronounce the
Michigan Attorney General's name bill
could be Schuette or could be shoot uh
but he's the Michigan Attorney General
is really interesting a political
dynamic to this in Michigan because uh
I'm gonna go chouette uh
because uh Bill Schuette is a Republican
who was bringing these charges yes uh
seen as a potential uh gubernatorial
candidate in 2018 when Michigan's uh
gubernatorial election is uh governor
Snyder is prevented from running from
for reelection in Michigan I mean how
this guy has survived this ya dallisa uh
remarkable the timing of course is that
you know two and a half years ago was
not 2014 when he was running for
reelection and theoretically woulda lost
uh but they tried to interview the
governor and the governor wouldn't talk
to them and uh and the Attorney General
also a Republican and did not say no
they were not charging the governor he
simply said we'd be is not commenting on
whether the governor might at some point
face charges in this case so I think
it's it's fairly unlikely this is uh I
don't know whether it's likely or not
whether that this will be the last guy
charged but it's certainly possible that
some very big names in in in Michigan
could end up in legal jeopardy and that
includes Governor Rick Snyder yeah and
uh because he was particularly you know
he even now I think governor Snyder was
was praised both uh uh both lion and
wells and doctor Wells praised both
that's a bit of a heck of a job brownie
sort of situation yeah I mean I I would
uh you know I would have gone the I
would have gone silence yes exactly
um but again uh if we bring up that
first graphic 1036 days and a lot of
great work has been done I mean we've
spotlighted multiple times Reuters
investigations across the
three that have been veiled literally
thousands of counties with at least as
bad of a lead level problem earlier this
year they did a comprehensive analysis
of every area of uh LA specifically and
found crazy levels of childhood exposure
to lead and so like solving the problem
in Flint does not solve the lead problem
in the u.s. that has to be acknowledged
but the idea that we could allow a
thousand I mean this is not it's not
like fixing every pipe in New York City
or something like that theoretically we
could have thrown money at this problem
and solved it a year or two ago but
despite the fact that there was a lot of
outrage especially during the election
it continues on and the glacial pace of
progress there in these people's lives
have barely improved in six months in a
year despite knowing for years what was
going on there it's amazing what we will
tolerate this country it's amazing to
bestow a couple of dates at issues you
were kind enough to provide this sort of
uh uh day by day of of what's happening
Flint just a couple of things in in in
2015 March 2015 so two years ago uh the
this woman named Leanne Waters Walters
excuse me mother for contact the APA
with concerns about dark sediment or tap
water possibly making her children sick
the EPA limit uh uh is is 15 parts per
billion right of let uh the first tests
revealed her a hundred and four parts
per billion seven times that another
test indicated it was three hundred
ninety seven Pro this must be fifteen
yes as more than twenty times and look
the fifteen is basically an allowance
for a certain level of right like
possible lethality I mean there's no
there's no amount in the water supply
that it that is safe it's not like up to
a certain point it's good for you that's
them going easy and even then so many
areas of the US can't meet that
ridiculous benchmark and basically
knowing in basically six months earlier
in October 2014 the General Motors plant
in Flint stopped using the city's water
yeah because it was corroding engine
parts yeah that's one of the things that
definitely stood out the most
that was an alien chose octo on a system
of something made of metal I'm not sure
children should necessarily be consuming
it but
this is America in some particular
wealthy area so I guess we'll allow it
will we'll let it go on for seven years
or so and then perhaps we'll do
something about it
we're not the Young Turks you're The
Young Turks you power this show together
we build something amazing we broken
stories like the Donna Brazile story the
mainstream media wouldn't break we built
the studio we built this network it's
now number one all thanks to you guys
let's come build it even bigger and
stronger TYT Network dot-com /join
