we talked controversies and conspiracies
you talk controversies and conspiracies
Oh like when he said that children
weren't massacred no lactose Sandy Hook
is a synthetic completely fake with
actors 911 now 9/11 was an inside job
yep Alex Jones primetime TV spot on
Father's Day by the way so there's that
all right I didn't think we'd get to
this point of needed clarification but
in this alternate universe we called
Donald Trump's America a primetime
interview is set to air with Alex Jones
yes this guy but I will stop your head
in if you start a fight with me
you thug scum anyways excuse me ladies
and gentlemen bunch of cowards excuse me
I'm gonna control myself right now he is
a demon damn to hell we're not gonna
have Pepsi with baby flavoring in it
excuse me you think I'm a coward like
you now I'm all for offering every side
of an issue
I will not criticize an outlet for
having the lights of Tommy lair annoying
unless of course they do a Bill Maher
and just bond over their shared use of
oxygen but there's a difference debating
different opinions all good handing a
national mainstream media platform to an
unhinged Sandy Hook massacre denial no
and it appeals most of the sane world
and somehow even cash thirsty leeches
like JPMorgan agree with me because not
long after Megan give me the ratings
Kelly announced this interview again
scheduled for Father's Day like what the
fuck's going on advertisers started
fleeing like it was a relegate all over
again and who can blame them when you
provide airtime to a propagandist who
has argued that child actors were used
and that 20 babies were not ruthlessly
killed at the Sandy Hook Elementary
School in Newton Connecticut you should
not be given yet another opportunity to
promote those sickening claims
especially when victim's parents are
vocalizing their disdain what is
happening in this world I mean have
these people not been through enough
Megan not to mention that an unhinged
Jones fan was recently sentenced to six
months in jail for harassing parents of
the Sandy Hook victims looking for
answers here's an answer nut job get a
hobby it's saddening and should not be
necessary but in the United States of
America in 2017 in this current post
truth era where right-wingers think the
free speech
gives them the right to just about do or
say anything with the Constitution as
their backstop well until their fellow
right when yours turn on them or they
can't handle gifts so they go ahead and
block people to double down on why free
speech does not mean giving the
microphone to sociopaths like Alex Jones
just because he's buddies with Trump and
has the right to say things like I don't
like putting chemicals in the water that
turn the friggin frogs gay every time I
look at Michelle or Michael Obama the
first lady of the first training does
not mean that he has a right to be taken
seriously and that's for Megyn Kelly's
reasoning because Trump likes them
really Megan if that's how we're
identifying who merits media attention
we just have one news network on the air
there kapha a news network co-hosted by
Alex Jones and Kim calm but Kelly
clearly couldn't give a shit and it's
time someone took call down from the
morally ambiguous pedestal that was
built for her because one time she held
Trump's feet to the file this ratings
grab should not come as a shock to
anyone who can see past the new
glamorous portrayal of the TV free
agency staff I remember this is the same
host who was so outraged at the notion
that Santa Claus was black and by the
way for all your kids watching at home
Santa just is white yes kids the
fictional character isn't like white
because how else would he be so nice and
give presents to kids not to mention she
has repeatedly dismissed the role of
racism in acts of police brutality
committed against black Americans no
saint either he had told her to leave
and she continued to linger still
swimming in a moral free sea of ratings
after Putin's exclusive megyn kelly said
you have to shine light on people like
alex jones just because he has an
audience that like to indulge in his
exploitation of other people's suffering
does not mean you need to understand it
debate it or shine light on it what
you're doing here is legitimizing Alex
Jones whilst running the risk of sending
more people over to the dark side or
because you want to stick it to Fox and
see your ratings search and I mean
talking of your former employer with no
morals and who stand up for guests hang
lower than Trump's tie they have drawn
the line at prolonging conspiracy
theories which is precisely what they
did in shutting down Hannity Seth rich
obsession in this era of fake news
orchestrated by a president who
regularly attacks the media when you
give hope soars like Jones a sit down
interview to calmly explain this
reasoning behind why a massacre of
children was faked you're essentially
saying how well he deserves an hour to
explain himself on primetime TV and let
us know what he really was thinking
what's next David Duke you want to break
bread over tea with him and allow Him to
explain why Jews are actually cancer of
America if you must cover the pizza gate
manufacturer then cover him the way he
should be covered from a distance with a
25-foot Pole to ensure that people
understand this reservoir of falsehoods
who persuaded enough of his followers
that the Clintons were running a
pedophile ring out of a pizza restaurant
that actually one of his followers
eventually took matters into his own
armed hands and last year walked into
that restaurant threatening to kill
people Alex Jones is a man who knowingly
incites danger with his falsehoods and
that should never be validated with a
casual sit-down brunch for me on
Instagram at Francis M Max or on Twitter
at Francis M Maxwell also share this
video continue to resist
