a wyoming mayor has opted to remove
photos of Trump and pence in their Town
Hall and replace it with the picture of
a Native American chief now mayor Pete
Muldoon of Jackson Wyoming directed town
staff members to make the swap on June
5th
saying there is no requirement to have a
picture of the president displayed in
the building he said is that when the
town of Jackson decides to honor such a
divisive person it is taking sides
against some of its residents we are
required to display signs of respect our
respect is earned not demanded dictators
like Joseph Stalin required their
portraits to be displayed everywhere
luckily we do not live in a dictatorship
even though it might feel that way
sometimes
now some people did not agree with the
move in fact Heaton County Commissioner
Paul Vogel him who also chairs the
county's Republican Party called the
move totally disrespectful to which the
mayor responded we are required to
display signs of respect our respect is
earned not demanded oh snap now just to
give you guys some background context
Donald Trump did win Wyoming by
astounding numbers but Jackson Wyoming
was actually the only County that
Hillary won by astounding numbers
getting a whopping 58% of the vote
compared to 31% for Donald Trump now the
picture that they were placing is a
picture of Native American chief
Washakie who remains a well-known figure
among many Jackson residents and he
brokered peace treaties and settlement
deals between his tribe and the US
government so it seems like a like piece
I like brokering brokering deals that
works for everybody I think this is an
important question which is should all
public buildings honor the president's
blindly and I think the answer to that
was answered by the mayor which is no
because we live in a democracy we don't
have a requirement that we all pledge
fealty to whoever the president is or
whoever the leader is we don't all sit
in a weird cabinet meeting where we're
just complimenting Donald Trump that's
I'm giving him
love and devotion that's ridiculous if
there's no rule that says it has to be
there and there's no long-standing
tradition that it has to be there the
mayor also said I would take it down if
it was Obama and it's I it sounds
totally fair to me if there's an
ordinance made by the City Council sure
but there's no official rulings place
that says he has to do this I think
that's a really good point and that's
what you know kind of what I was
thinking so when you like leave LAX
there used to be a picture of Obama up
and I was an Obama supporter but at the
same yeah and I think it was like in
customs or something like that but and I
was an Obama supporter but at the same
time every time I pass it I was like
this is really here sorry I thought it
was really weird and I go first I mean
like I know that a lot like my home town
has got like the mayor's name is on a
sign as you drive into it or something
which is sort of weird I guess I don't I
I didn't see that I know that you hear
the mayor on the LAX speakers obviously
as you're walking around I think if if
you wanted to not have any of them I
think that's perfectly fine and it is
sort of weird like I know when I was in
ROTC like you obviously you have the
president you have the vice president
pictures and the military does have a
long tradition of you always have the
commander-in-chief the vice president
there but it is weird I do think that
he's being consistent at least he would
take down Obama I think that if you're
gonna take one down just take em all
down take down the pictures or swap it
put up a picture of whoosh Aki and put
up a picture of dozens of other people
from out hit from throughout history who
haven't gotten the recognition and do
that they deserve I wouldn't have it on
a case-by-case basis though I think
there might
yeah I get what you're saying but I do
think that this was sort of like a
special case where he was trying to use
the symbolism of this chief who stood
for peace and also sort of a nephew to
trump since Trump has implemented these
policies I mean specifically talking
about the pipeline that have really
detrimental e affected the you know the
Standing Rock tribes and and things like
that so I do think he was I think there
is some symbolism here that you know
maybe not like the most PC move but I
would rather have somebody who stood for
peace and protections then especially
since this guy like helped broker
relationships didn't try to tribe in the
US government and chunks like na fu guys
the current Aten match National Monument
is one of the the first national
monuments established under Teddy
Roosevelt's ruling that we do this and
help preserve and conserve our national
parks our natural splendor and right now
Trump has well I mean some places are
not under consideration anymore but he
said on a secretary to go evaluate our
national monuments to see if they should
be you know in any way reduced what for
whatever reason it's just a coincidence
that some of them lay above fossil fuels
more important water resources minerals
and I think that even flies in the face
of what this community relies on and
loves and stands for which is that
national park right there yeah yeah I I
think if it gets down to one individual
chooses well then there's gonna be a lot
of people in the South they're gonna be
like screw Obama here you dummies
devastate in America they're gonna put
but put up a picture of Andrew Jackson
or something like I just think when you
leave it up to just that one individual
it becomes easily partisan even if I
100% agree with replacing this
particular picket picture with the other
one I think let's take a step away as
we're taking all these other steps
towards the authoritarian isn't let's
take a step away and remove all images
in fact let's cover Trump's face you
can't see him anymore when he walks in
public it's too close to North Korea
makes it uncomfortable oh you were
talking about like your ROTC right yeah
this is a town hall I mean do all public
buildings need to abide by this it it
seems ridiculous I said they should take
them all down ya know John take down the
town halls take down the big shirts I
think Young Turks now has over six
billion lifetime views you know who did
that you did that we're now larger the
CNN ABC you name a news network
online we're larger than them and you
built all that as everyone scoffed and
didn't believe and here we are guys
thanks to you build in the meta media to
with us at TYT Network comm /join
