last night the Golden State Warriors won
the NBA championships and one way that
they won't be celebrating is by going to
the White House now you can see this
tweet that claims that they have an
exclusive that the NBA championship
winning Warriors decided unanimously as
a team that they will boycott the white
house invitation to meet President Trump
now if you have been on the Internet in
the past few hours
there are some rumors that the team is
saying that they haven't decided and
that it's still sort of up in the air
but last month
Michelle Roberts who is the executive
director of the NBA Players Association
stated that if the Cleveland Cavaliers
or Golden State Warriors won the NBA
championship neither team would accept
an offer to visit the White House now
like I said it's still sort of up near
whether they will or not but if you sort
of look at some of the history from this
team I don't think it is too plausible
now the team's coach Steve Kerr has
called Trump a blowhard who couldn't be
more ill suited to be president and he
said that he used racist and misogynist
words further one of Steph Curry's their
star player and you guys are familiar
yeah hey what if his sponsors is an
Under Armour and the CEO of Under Armour
said that Trump was a real asset and
Steph Curry responded by saying I agree
if you remove the et oh
okay so do you guys think they'll go or
they won't go they haven't made an
official decision that's what I write
yeah and they haven't even received an
official invite I read yeah oh yeah I
mean I think it's expected and you know
like just like the Super Bowl winners a
half of them sort of Olympians I mean it
seems unlikely judging by the coaches
and the star players former words and
feelings about it I mean this it seems
to be relying or the reports right now
Cindy relying a lot on this Josh Brown
tweet mm-hmm I think it's highly
unlikely they'll go but if individual
players wanted to I suppose yeah I think
that if the team theoretically goes I
think that it is going to be uh sparsely
populated with years you might have like
you know like some kid is interning is
like it's the White House he might want
to go but I don't think a lot of the
players you know want that like that
picture would dog them for the rest of
their career their fans and feel
betrayed and so I want to say in vain in
advance of it happening I apologize from
all the racist comments that they're
going to receive from conservative
American to attack them for not taking
this opportunity to meet our jackass in
chief yeah you know it's gonna happen
there's gonna be more stuff
spray-painted on the outside of their
homes and the tweets are never gonna
stop from the people or gonna attack
them for this it's funny how like how
often a sleet's
face fire of this I do I even need to
mention call it Colin Kaepernick I did
you know did I need to go we know he's
got this all this backlash against him
for speaking his mind for making himself
clear yeah for doing what he is allowed
to do which is protest that's an
American thing to do you be pledging
blind fealty to someone or whatever you
may call it that's not the definition of
patriotism well I think the problem is
and I think sports are an incredible
thing that I think can bring our country
together right I think people from all
different sort of a crown like to more
or less like to watch sports but I think
what happens is is a lot of the time
people
look at sports players and like like we
own you do this for me like worth it you
know what I mean they see themselves
like oh we won this or we lost this
whatever it may be and they're like
these like creatures that they think
that they can just like scream
obscenities at and like you know attack
them when they miss a shot like all of
these uh insane things and then when
they find out they also have a brain and
beliefs behind that I think people lose
their flippin minds yeah they think that
because I have cheered you for the way
you extend your arm really fast
you helped yeah they can you don't know
anything about their experience growing
up you know anything about who they are
as a person uh quite a bit of
dehumanization yeah exactly uh and and
furthermore one reason why I would
advise them and everyone else to not go
on these trips is it would be great for
the White House to become basically a
ghost town for the next almost four
years tragically possibly eight
especially because there's nothing
Donald Trump wants more than to be
surrounded by famous people for people
to want to meet him he wants to be
accepted that way I wanted to suffer but
he has Ted Nugent outside he does have
Ted Nugent but even though let her be
alone okay no hitter Ted Nugent he's an
idiot but even he knows how pathetic
that is to hang out with Ted Nugent even
he was disappointed when Ted Nugent
showed up he was like he wants like the
movies out he wants gal gadot to show up
at the woods at the White House is
probably not gonna happen but he wants
that acceptance but I don't want him to
get it and I wanted on the feel really
bad him to feel all of the prickles on
his thin skin exactly yes and I want to
slowly wear them down until is
inevitable to demise nice nice natural
causes
we're not the Young Turks you're The
Young Turks you power this show together
we build something amazing we broken
stories like the Donna Brazile story the
mainstream media wouldn't break we built
the studio we built this network it's
now number one all thanks to you guys
let's come build it even bigger and
stronger TYT Network dot-com /join
