the question of Jeff Sessions is
meetings with Russian officials kiss Lee
act the Ambassador obviously one of the
biggest ones but there were a number of
other possible meetings that he had to
talk about here he is speaking with
senator burr from your testimony you
said you don't remember whether
ambassador kiss lyac was there the
Russian ambassador is that correct um I
did not remember that but I understand
he was there uh and so I don't doubt
that he was I believe that
representations are correct in fact I
recently saw a video of him coming into
the room but you never remember having a
conversation or meeting with the master
kiss layer so that was just one of many
things that he doesn't quite recall I
love that nobody says anything about
can't quite recall unless they're
speaking to Congress and they're hiding
something nobody uses that not you know
there's defense an ongoing defense that
certain people in government he was a
senator and they always have
conversations with foreign leaders or
foreign ambassadors kiss lyac or people
that are involved in things and all be
in room speaking and it's a very
necessary thing fine whatever right it
happens a lot cross all lines across all
political parties but the thing is after
you do if you have a reason to speak to
somebody don't you have reason even if
it's not in fairness if it's a real good
reason you trying to advance America's
cause in the world you'd brag about that
right but you don't remember you
remember something whether or not it's
good or bad you should remember that
you've had a conversation with a world
leader and their influence and our
influence in the world but just so why
do you have these meetings if you don't
remember them being there or what the
hell you talked about yeah and look he's
gonna say as you say he meets lots of
people and I'm sure that he doesn't mean
a lot of people now and then but this
isn't just any ambassador this is the
ambassador in Russia and it's not just
that we're talking now about the
possibility that Russia was was
massively involved in trying to
influence the election we were talking
about it then you don't meet with the
ambassador of a country that we're
concerned is tampering with our election
at that
and it just you know actually one ear
out the other
that's not how memory works okay
something stand out in the fact that
you're talking to the ambassador to one
of our chief rivals who's at that time
involved in a campaign to influence our
election of course you remember that and
look the fact that he lied about it in
his Senate hearings another good reason
that he should never be car in his
hearings to become the AG another good
reason he should have never actually
gotten the position and uh Tom cotton
said basically that unless spycraft
looks like it does in a Jason Bourne
movie nothing could actually be up it
has to look like a spy novel or a spy
movie is a ridiculous aside and at the
end of the day I don't even know the
meetings with kiss lyac do I think that
kiss lyac talked to sessions after a
speech of the RNC and said something
incredibly damning probably not and I
have no idea but it is incredibly
suspicious that everyone in Trump's
orbit had repeated contacts with Russian
officials and businessmen and all of
them when it comes time to write down on
an official form who you met with they
all suspiciously forget about it whether
they're old men like jeff Sessions or
Jared Kushner when it comes time to get
their security clearances or to get a
position in government they all
universally forget about those meetings
that's incredibly suspicious you don't
like heads well I hear your brother did
you know that you can become a Young
Turks member get the full two-hour show
every day on demand plus so many other
Network shows all ad-free for just ten
bucks a month give it a shot right now
to uit network comm slash join
