on our favorite state media program Fox
and Friends Ivanka Trump was asked about
the difficulty of being a part of the
White House and she talked about how
vicious her father's critics are poor
her let's take a look at the video is it
harder than you thought though is it
harder than you thought to stick to the
things you want to do because of what
keeps coming up whether it's the Russia
investigation or something else it it is
hard and there's a level of viciousness
that I was not expecting
I was not inspecting the intensity of
this experience but this isn't supposed
to be easy and my father and this
administration intends to be
transformative and we want to do big
bold things and we're looking to change
the status quo so I didn't expect it to
be easy I think some of the distractions
and some of the the ferocity was I was a
little blindsided by on a personal level
all right I'm just going to heartbreak
reiterate some of my favorite quotes
from that she said there's a level of
viciousness that I was not expecting I
was not expecting the intensity of this
experience because somebody looks at the
White House like me you know uh then she
couldn't tell by the way in front from
the way Obama's retreated it might be
kind of a rough ride then she said some
of the distractions and some of the
ferocity I was a little blindsided by on
a personal level now I have a lot of
thoughts about this one of which is that
she said that a lot of these struggles
that she is dealing with currently are
made up for by the people that she meets
when she's out on the road poor or
working class people that she gets to
that are you know greet her with smiling
faces because clearly they don't realize
that her father's administration is
going to totally ask them over also when
we're talking about viciousness I don't
think that responding to the viciousness
of her father's administration is
necessarily like I definitely think he
gets a lot of hate right but a lot of
the times that's just in response to the
viciousness that he is putting on our
country you know when it turns like the
way that he's treating immigrants the
environment the LGBTQ community women
minorities Muslims whatever it may be
that's the real viciousness that we
should be talking about not that Ivanka
Trump is getting some mean tweets of
course he I mean he is the boolean chief
before he even got to be president he
was taking on that gold star family
remember the cons he just doing what
wouldn't
what a what a supreme miserable a-hole
would do something like that
that's who her dad is don't lose sight
of this let me tell you that Hollywood
he mock that the handicapped New York
Times a journalist okay this is a guy
he's doing a mockery like almost a
theatrical mockery up there the guy's
despicable this is her father
and then she has the gall to go on Fox
and Friends and by the way very tough
question at Fox and Friends Africa isn't
tougher than you thought well that's the
kind of journalism and count on from
them and then and and she is and she's
shocked by this it's it disgusts me yeah
I don't think she's shocked this is a
strategy of white supremacy right this
is how it operates it promotes and
perpetuates violence and then positions
itself to be appalled by violence right
this is what he does this is what he's
done on the campaign trail you know and
it's not just the instances that you
mentioned its though I want to punch him
in the face and I want to like all of
these things are violent things and
they're not subtly violent they are
actively violent um and and of course we
use Ivanka we use her femininity we use
her whiteness we use her position and
stature to go on and talk about feeling
victimized or the ferocity of these you
know the viciousness of folks against
Trump it's like he couldn't go on TV and
say he felt surprised because he is the
embodiment of this violence so I don't
buy it I think it's ridiculous and I can
see uh right through it but do you think
that it I mean maybe it's a ploy and
maybe you're right but at this
time like I think there's a chance that
they live in this like bubble where they
really do think that what they're doing
might be right like that is what is
scarier to me do you know what I mean
like I think there's a chance that he
may not realize how effed up he is I
think we always do this when we when
there we always give folks particularly
white men the benefit of like intent or
maybe they're true even when they're
stupid guys like oh well maybe they're
too stupid it's the same thing with
Comey he's never been president before
he's never served in an office before so
maybe he's just you know messing up
because he needs to learn you can't be
bred that can't be your first job
president cannot be your first job if
you have no training but it can if
you're Trump you know so I think the
benefit of the doubt amend is just
ridiculous I don't think that you were
unaware of saying crazy things and then
when you hear crazy things back toward
you you're surprised don't get me wrong
by calling him idiotic and yes and
bigoted and not living in a bubble I'm
not giving him the benefit of the doubt
but I really I think there might be a
chance that he is just in this sort of
like scary tornado and people are just
trying to like like move the tornado a
little bit that way move it a little bit
this way nobody really has control over
it and I don't like of course I'm not
you know no no I don't think that you're
exposing it and I think both can be true
I know it is true that Trump is dim he's
profoundly incompetent he doesn't know
what the hell he's doing he's used to
selling a bunch of crap based on slogans
and stuff he just says it's winning
winning winning yeah this is going to be
the best ever this guy's the best ever
don't worry it's going to be incredible
you just go to sleep
uh and when you wake up in the morning
it's going to be it's going to be a new
America he's used to that stuff so he
doesn't really know that but that is
reinforced by that white privilege thing
you're talking about so I think in this
case those things coexist absolutely and
I think I think sort of
evanka really doubles down on it here I
remember when her woman who workbook
Kames out came out and she was saying
god I had to sacrifice I gave up my
massages okay and then she's basically
doing the same thing here trying to be a
victim again being like I just didn't
expect like these mean tweets and she's
sort of falling under these haters gonna
hate sort of mentality when she doesn't
realize that a lot of her in action or
action we know who knows whatever she's
doing behind closed doors are really
affecting and get it affecting millions
of people and earning this response and
one last thing that I want to say she
says talks about the you know the
ferocity of of the people are her
father's critics and I think she's you
know I guess talking about the resist
movement and I want the resist movement
to stay ferocious like I want them to
keep up that ferocity yeah and all this
obscures the fact that she has an office
like in like it obscures all the
nepotism that's happening that's the
question that we should be asking is why
are you serving in the administration um
instead of asking her how she feels
about how her father is being critiqued
well and she served in that position yes
and we've we've uh I was going to say
bent the ethic rules
the ethics rules for them but not even I
mean I think we broke in a book for them
as you said she's in the administration
she still has businesses that are
benefiting by certain decisions that are
being made it's a uh look this is a this
is a horror show as far as I'm concerned
yes but to have a bunker Trump
complaining about anything is sanity
rediculous Young Turks now has over six
billion lifetime views you know who did
that you did that we're now larger the
CNN ABC you name a news network online
were larger than them and you built all
that as everyone scoffed and didn't
believe and here we are guys thanks to
you build in the meta media together
with us at TYT Network dot-com slash
join
