last week in DC it was infrastructure
week not really but they wanted it to be
was really Comey a week I don't memo
Comey was talking about the whole
exactly structure something about pipes
but no Trump wanted it to be
infrastructure week he had his plan for
infrastructure and so the way things
normally go on TYT I would go through
that plan at and make a bunch of
graphics breaking down all the specifics
the stats the quotes and all that I
can't actually do that because there is
no plan there are no details and despite
the fact that they wanted a whole week
to be named after this we know almost
nothing at least with Shark Week there's
multiple shows you can watch it actually
have something we only know one thing
about his plan but even just that is
enough to know what their goal here is
that it's gonna be the best plan ever
it's gonna go it's gonna be the best
plan ever I have two things then that's
true but Robert rush had an awesome
breakdown of this one of the interesting
details it would commit 200 billion
dollars of federal funding over ten
years but more importantly would be
combined with about 800 billion dollars
of assorted tax breaks to get developers
to build things instead of the federal
government doing it
that's weird a president who isn't a
supposedly presumably wealthy developer
is going to get projects for developers
that's just here by the way just as an
aside all those roads and bridges that
you've seen that really were in pretty
good shape when they were first built
but now I've kind of fallen into
disrepair they were built by the
governor yeah measure them not as though
I know go well a governmental screw it
up well uh uh we have one of the best
highway systems in the world and it was
built by the government and it gave a
lot of people jobs so good me to get up
ahead of herself
yeah look that was all well and good
let's give Eric Trump a chance see what
he can build so that that is the goal
there so for every dollar developers put
into a project they'd actually pay only
about 18 cents after tax credits
taxpayers would contribute about 82
cents through their tax dollars now look
our case could be made there that
theoretically if the government was
doing it themselves taxpayers would be
paying for that too right and so you
might say what's the difference paid
government or
pay the developer's well there is a big
difference because the way they're going
to do it the public would actually pay a
second time as well the developers would
in the end own the roads and bridges and
other pieces of infrastructure they
financed they then of course charge
members the public tolls and fees to use
them so rather than all of us
contributing as a country as a society
and then benefiting from those roads and
bridges and pipes and all of that we
would instead subsidize private
contractors to build and then own and
then find and toll your ass off into the
rest of time I'm sure there'd be an open
and transparent bidding process to who
gets those yeah that's the gig to
rebuild the bridge in the road like
there are when governments and and
departments of Transportation on a
state-by-state basis put them out right
now to bid it's a disaster this is a
scam this is entirely untenable the
notion that they would then be
responsible for and own these structures
is so contrary to the way it ever worked
yeah and it shouldn't but it's so
consistent with this whole Trump
administration the fact the selling of
America has which we've always seen on
some level but it's sort of so naked now
right he's really selling these projects
to his buddies to his his billionaire
contractor pals and as you see them
leasing public lands for mineral
exploits and for petroleum drilling
that's the same thing it's the selling
of America also where it's not broken
right I mean that's the other part what
you just you know going off what you
just said mark it we've been driving
over these bridges and going through
these tunnels and roads up for you know
decades and decades and decades and
guess what they're breaking down not
because of how they were made they were
made really really well right so that's
what you do again and that's the way it
works and so privatizing it is only
gonna get and look I mean you say
privatizing look at the air traffic
control air safety in America is
extraordinarily good right yeah us you
know commercial air traffic is
unbelievable the way they work now Trump
wants to privatize it there are problems
with it but this guy thinks that a
problem is only solved by getting
someone else rich and by privatizing an
industry that's what he wants to
with infrastructure wants to do with the
air with the air traffic controllers
it's a reflex it's a knee-jerk reaction
yeah and but and just as an aside the
maintenance of the roads which is really
what we need a lot of this stuff just
needs sort of something that's it's
deferred maintenance is what's happened
do it with platinum prisoners they they
don't there's not as much money in that
they want they're going to want to build
new roads you're going to let their new
construction is where the money is for
these guys so it doesn't even address
the real needs of this country yeah and
look maybe there are some places where
theoretically they could do some sort of
major development like an area like I
know Austin's highway system absolutely
sucks it cannot accommodate the number
of people there so theoretically maybe
you need some additional roads or
something like that but a lot of these
bridges and roads like you say just need
to be maintained but if you have a
private contractor do it then they can
spend a little bit of money it's already
built ok the vast majority of the work
is already done except that they get to
turn it over to a toll road and we've
had this problem for a while in America
where look some states and local
governments desperately need money and
so they you know they bond out these
roads and stuff like that they give them
these 50 hundred year leases on these
private roads but a lot of the times
it's just short-sighted or it's local or
state level corruption but it's been
haphazard and slow this takes out all
you can just in one fell swoop you can
do that to the entire country have you
lived in an area where Road has been
converted over to tolls it's horrible
especially in California where you don't
even actually pay you have to remember
to go on a website and pay later on
which is absolute right this and that's
a tangent perhaps no that's that's
accurate because who's getting the
penalty money who's yeah we don't want
you to forget I think in charge and so
it's not a tangent at all it's part of
the same kind of scam that everybody's
falling for and if if production and and
and productivity not production is one
of the aims of America right to moving
America forward making it great again
what does this do it sends the rich
people on the roads or the people that
want to pay to get out of it not just
rich people on the toll roads and then
the the traffic is is complicated on all
other roads so the expeditious moving
from point A to point
is harm but people are making money it
sounds like a sort of a basic argument
but it's actually true it was born out
here in California that the traffic
increased on the roads that didn't have
the tolls where they thought it was
going to separate it make people move
move faster it's not it's a bad bad
thing yeah and so I'm glad that you
brought up the class component because
of course we can't miss that if you have
just raw tax money pay for the
maintenance then theoretically a person
who's paying a lot more in taxes is
paying a greater absolute amount of
money but if you instead subsidize it by
each individual human paying every time
they use this and that's inherently
regressive and the people who the the
huge amount of poor or middle-class
Americans who have to use those roads
every day just to get to work and home
they are going to be paying a larger
percentage of their income than having
the rich contribute in the way we've
always expected in America's past
membership helps fund the Young Turks
you know one great thing about that that
means we're not accountable to anyone
but you guys that's why we're strong
together because we built a show around
you come build it even bigger and better
at TYT Network dot-com slash join
