so Donald Trump because of the position
that he holds that I won't name has
access to White House lawyers it just
comes with the job and those are the
sort of people who were experienced with
the particular sort of investigation
that he now finds himself the target of
they understand how to counsel people to
protect themselves to prepare for
congressional testimony or you know
speaking to someone like the Special
Counsel Bob Butler they know how to act
in that situation and so obviously
Donald Trump has no interest in using
them he's decided to use his goofball
lawyer instead so this is Mark Casa wits
now the New York Times reported on
Sunday of this week that Casa wits has
told White House personnel that they
will not need to obtain legal
representation of their own and urge
them not to speak to the media about the
investigation into Trump and and you
know all of that related stuff now when
Comey was initially fired let alone
after his testimony the the dominant
message that I heard from a lot of
people was this is a time for people who
work in the White House to get some sort
of representation that in the past like
when Bill Clinton was being investigated
that's what you do and it seems odd that
his personal lawyer would be telling
them not to do that that they should
effectively like clam up don't talk to
the media but other than that just sort
of hang tight that seems odd to me that
seems like a strategy designed not to
protect them but to potentially leave
them out to be investigated or attacked
and then maybe to thereby protect Trump
I'm not sure well I think a lawyer who
looks at Donald Trump sees that every
case he may have is undone by his
talking either going on air tweeting
writing in certain cases I mean I think
that that's that that's part of it too
so I think a lot of that is why a
personal lawyer would say that and
advise that to sort of try and because
Don McGann is the White House Counsel
and he's somebody who clearly doesn't
think it's a bad idea to stop the
tweeting because he's been on the Trump
campaign he's been in the Trump White
House he's been doing this now for quite
a while and he's you know he's got his
own beat in that White House but this
comes in and he's he just has a client
and the client isn't the White House the
clients the president or Trump and so I
think that there's probably that's why
he is trying to curb this but I don't
think that it matters at this point
because it seems like so much has been
said by this president that he's already
it's it's already dug in which is why
yeah the damage done which is why not
seeing very much I think they're worried
about contradictory things being said
you know that's one of the things as
Michael says when President tweets he
treats one thing that I treats a
different thing it happened on the
Muslim ban and it continues to get them
into trouble and it goes on down the
line it's not just limited to the
president so when White House staffers
start speaking and then contradicting
themselves and they can't get their
story straight all that can have a legal
effect by the way this lawyer is the guy
who settled that Trump University case
for 25 million bucks which we were
talking about Friday now maybe that was
a good deal for Trump I don't know uh
yeah and just just to make clear that
the what you were saying an any recent
example of him shooting himself in the
foot Donald Trump making it worse for
himself by speaking in an attempt to
defend himself you have the tape
situation that supposedly he has these
recordings of James Comey and he must
have seen that as a good move to bring
that up but he's really put himself in a
position where he's either gonna be hurt
by it or he's going to be hurt worse by
it if the tapes exist my gut and
everything I know about James Comey and
Donald Trump tells me that they will
back up James commis account of what was
said but we all know that is unlikely
that the tapes do exist and if they
don't exist that's even worse for Donald
Trump because if you're investigating
obstruction of justice how does it look
if a president makes up recordings to
try to get a potential witness in a
court case to be quiet I mean that is
intimidation be I mean it's fantastical
at that point and it's likely to be the
case now just two other quick points to
give you an idea about Mark Kassovitz
it's an interesting game to play to try
to find someone in the Trump
administration that doesn't have some
sort of weird connection to Russian
oligarchs we're still playing it because
this is a case where we don't win caso
it says other main clients include spare
Bank the largest state-owned bank in
Russia which was sanctioned by the Obama
administration and
Oleg Deripaska the Russian tycoon close
to President Vladimir Putin who has had
business dealings with Paul Manafort so
that's who he's representing on the side
and by the way to even idea about this
guy Marcus is gonna be the most shallow
critique of caster's you're going to
hear today but he's the guy that wrote
this in response to commis testimony it
started I am mark caso its predecessor
lawyer the misspelled present official
letter defending the Tri Donald Trump
against James commis a testimony shallow
I know I'm but it sounds like you'll fit
right in with the crew that's McKesson
well I know you're thinking jank what do
I get if I'm a young turks member I'm
glad you asked
not only you get to hold to our show
on-demand anytime you want and free but
you get six podcasts on top what I think
a join up find out they're amazing
you're gonna love these shows TYT
Network dot-com slash join
