this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm the Congressional
Budget Office has released new numbers
indicating that the federal deficit has
soared 32 percent in fact the report
says that the federal deficit hit 895
billion dollars in the first 11 months
of 2018 and an increase of two hundred
twenty two billion dollars or as I
mentioned 32 percent over the same
period from the previous year okay so
this of course has a lot to do with the
massive tax cuts for the wealthy that
the Trump administration pushed for and
Congress passed revenue only rose 1%
failing to keep up with a 7% surge in
spending so that's part of the reason
why the deficit is so bad we have
essentially cut revenue through tax cuts
and we have increased spending one of
the ways that the Trump administration
has increased spending is on the
military also revenue from individual
and payroll taxes was up 105 billion
dollars or 4% while corporate taxes fell
71 billion dollars or 30% so I want to
be clear about a couple of things first
is that graphic is really really
important now I've been telling you this
for years what are they doing they're
redistributing wealth to the top so your
taxes actually went up but corporate
taxes fell dramatically yes so guess who
has power through their donations to
politicians multinational corporations
and guess who doesn't have power as an
average American you so well that's
convenient they tell us that it's a
coincidence that those corporations give
billions of dollars to politicians and
get back literally trillions of dollars
in tax cuts and that the taxes are
redistributed on top of your head it's
not a coincidence I'll give you stunning
fact and it's another good fellow
progressive group represent that US
and they work with not in a non-partisan
way with the Republicans Tooting as long
as you're willing to get money out of
politics okay and they they said in a
five-year period I think it was 2010 to
2015 the top 200 corporations that give
money to politicians spent five point
eight billion dollars both in lobbying
and campaign contributions five point
eight billion dollars they did that for
a return on investment and it worked you
know what they got back in return four
point four trillion dollars in
government subsidies and payouts to
those same corporations so that's what's
happening right underneath your nose so
revenue actually went up slightly one
percent that's because you're paying
more taxes but it's also misleading for
the second because of the second fact
the second fact is the bigger tax cuts
especially for corporations of the rich
are coming in the future
so meaning next year etc so right now in
the first 11 months of this calendar
year
and remember tax cuts got cut in the
middle already the deficit is in
disastrous shape and next year it's
going to be way worse and look at this
895 billion in just first 11 months so
they're headed towards a trillion dollar
deficit remember they handed Obama about
a 1.2 trillion dollar deficit Bush stood
in the middle of a totally obliterated
economy unemployment's through the roof
he somehow got it back to about six
hundred billion dollars they go I can't
believe you go to six hundred billion
dollar deficit you headed up a 1.2
trillion dollar one he cut it in half
the minute the Republicans get back into
office we're just joking man we don't
care about deficits give away everything
to corporations in the rich right and by
the way increased spending we were
kidding we were lying we're gonna
increase spending why we want the
economy to do well under us and this is
a way to artificially stimulate the
economy because they know in reality the
democrats and progressives are right
that if you actually spend into the
economy it will actually help it and
their case too many tax cuts too much
spending and it winds up being a sugar
high and it's gonna crash right so I
actually want to provide evidence to
prove your point because one of trumps
economic advisors his name
is steep more goes on CNN and he's asked
about the deficit now this is an
individual who pretended to care quite a
bit about the deficit previously what
does he think about it now considering
Trump's tax cuts are leading to giant
deficits take a look turn the numbers on
the deficit okay
and so there's no free lunch right so
here we go 895 billion for the first 11
months of fiscal year of this fiscal
year 2018 it's 222 billion more than the
shortfall recorded just last year so
Steve you're cool with racking up big
deficits now I always believed and I
think Donald Trump believes this too
that the single most important thing for
Donald Trump to do when he was president
is get the economy moving again and get
people back into jobs and higher paying
jobs I mean every poll that was taken
for the last six years shows it so is
that what people were concerned about
with jobs in the economy goes up that's
just the boss okay so let me say this so
the point is that every time you get one
percentage point increase in growth and
by the way our growth rate has grown
from 1.6 to 4% so that's again but a
Kathryn the the latest forecast for the
third quarter well that was four point
five percent okay so I want to clarify a
few things first of all he mentioned
that this new economy under Trump has
led to higher paying jobs no it has not
wages have remained stagnant and that's
part of the reason why the tax cuts have
such a low approval rating because
Americans middle-class Americans
working-class Americans realized not
only did I not get a real tax cut
compared to what corporations in the
wealthy are getting but I'm not getting
higher pay some companies offered a
one-time bonus but that was it that was
it people are not wages have not kept up
with inflation so if you really look at
the real economy you'll see that a lot
of Americans when you take inflation
into account got a pay cut so let's get
that out of the way
second thing GDP I'm going to lose my
mind if I hear people brag about the GDP
again okay gee
P is not a good indicator of a great
economy ok GDP indicates that people are
yet there people are buying things how
are they buying things in the last
quarter
ok the the quarter that everyone keeps
bragging about in the Trump
administration where GDP growth was more
than 4% people were buying product
through debt which is part of the reason
why consumer debt is through the roof
it's literally at record levels higher
than it was at the height of the
economic collapse three point nine one
eight trillion dollars consumer debt
that does not even include mortgages so
auto loans student loan debt credit card
debt it's through the roof okay so
there's that issue and by the way the
forecasts that he's talking about
regarding quarter three complete BS I
looked everywhere trying to find that
forecast of four point five percent GDP
growth in the third quarter of this year
could not find it the highest I could
find was three percent and either way
it's again not a good indicator of how
the economy is really doing how our
middle-class Americans dealing with this
situation are they making more money do
they have less debt are they able to
afford homes no no they're not so let's
just be real about what's going on
alright so number of things one is
anytime anybody starts talking about the
new economy brace for impact that it's
exactly what they say before crashes no
this is a new kind of economy it doesn't
go down iceberg straight ad okay now on
the other hand facts matter so if Donald
Trump remains president and completes
the four years and you know GDP is so
high okay but but wait hold on that's
not the only thing that matters okay but
it's it's a data point and wages start
to increase and he brings his deficit
down then I'm gonna give him credit
because facts matter if he does that if
he stays for eight years god help us to
to to but he all those numbers are still
good facts matter III will give him
credit for it because so why did I stop
being a Republican because they said
that they were cared about the deficits
and they like the balanced budgets and
it turned out that's just not true it's
all they've ever done is increase the
deficit on
Reagan Bush and now Trump facts matters
so it was like no it turns out they're
lying they so now it's Espanyol eyes of
more right there says no me and Trump
we've always been talking about the most
important thing is not deficits but
stimulating the economy well that's
funny you say that because I remember
when Obama first came into office in the
middle of the disastrous economic crash
created by the Republicans last time you
he said would she do stimulus spending
to stimulate the economy and the
Republicans all in unison said no don't
stimulate the economy don't do stimulus
spending now Trump comes an officer like
a of course stimulus spending plus tax
cuts look I told you about this before
the next thing guys wrote a memo back in
the day saying when the Republicans are
in charge spend all the money and give
tax cuts cuz it'll help it seem like the
economy's doing really well when the
Democrats get in charge blame them for
the deficits this is a playbook they've
been running for decades right and it by
the way I want to use a TYT army here
okay so you should we'll get you the the
information for Stephen Moore his
Twitter account etc think all I want is
an admission that he never cared about
deficits because deficit just went up
32%
it went up hundreds of billions of
dollars his whole life I know I had him
as a guest on MSNBC we would fight all
the time
he claimed that he cared about deficits
all I'm asking for is a simple
retraction I'm sorry I lied I never
cared about deficits all I wanted was
tax cuts for the rich and then we're
done with it just be honest about it
that's exactly right and by the way even
though Republicans have been playing the
same trick over and over again Americans
are smarter they're more aware of what's
going on maybe the Internet has
something to do with it but if you look
at polling even in the very beginning
when they were trying so hard to sell
these tax cuts the American people were
not buying it yeah Real Clear Politics
did an average of all the polls on this
topic and they found that only 37% of
voters approve of the tax cuts
whereas 42% disapprove more Americans
disapprove of these tax cuts because
they realize
is a handout for the wealthy now let's
get to Trump and and you know who he is
publicly and who he really is privately
because publicly he makes it appear as
though he's got it all under control
he's got great ideas and the economy is
really booming under his watch but
privately according to Bob Woodward's
book which just came out today he urged
Gary Cohn to just print money to take
care of our debt so let's let's get to
those exact quotes he's just said he
said he told Gary Cohn graphic 31 just
run the presses print money and Gary
Cohn such an idiot
yeah Gary Cohn responded by saying you
don't get to do it that way
we have huge deficits and they matter
the government doesn't keep a balance
sheet like that and Cohn was allegedly
astounded at Trump's lack of basic
understanding how could you be astounded
I mean you're in the room and you didn't
expect that anyway look there's it's you
think we say Trump's an idiot because we
don't like him no facts matter the guy
doesn't understand the most basic things
about our economy he gets into office
look I don't get it you have a printing
press what are you just print more does
how about inflation how about all the
other consequences that would flow from
printing too much money
he claims he went to Wharton his daddy
got him in I released the transcripts he
went afford him the first year then he
transferred into Wharton I there's no
way this guy had a single grade above
the sea he hides his Krantz transcripts
by the way he not only wanted Obama to
release his birth certificate who are in
the releases transcripts because he
couldn't believe a black man did well
enough at Columbia to get into Harvard
Law you kidding me you release your
transcripts at Wharton you didn't figure
out that you can't just print money as
the US government no there's more but
there's more from Woodward's book that i
want to read to you guys because this is
incredible graphic 34 the president also
floated an idea for making money from
the recent rise in interest rates
according to Woodward we should just go
borrow a lot of money hold it and then
sell it to make money Trump reportedly
said that's he east
he thinks that he's running a small
business it's the United States
government it doesn't work the same way
as a business thus the different rules
apply to it so for example when he first
came in he said this publicly he talked
about well what if we just don't pay the
debt I know that you got away with that
when you did your six bankruptcies six
he did six bankruptcies he thinks well
what do you do you just borrow a lot of
money and then you don't pay him suckers
idiots nobody give me money I burned it
I burned it and then I just don't pay it
back because I'm a liar and I'm a
criminal right but the US government
can't do that if you default on the
dollar it collapses not just the dollar
but the US economy and very likely the
entire global economy but he doesn't
understand a shred of economics so he's
like well why don't we just print a lot
of money well borrow Doolittle Raid will
sue did you would do this and we'll make
money and Gary Cohen who's not a good
guy who's in favor of the rich and
corporations and all that stuff and was
the CEO of goldman sachs but is at least
a smart guy is going oh my god oh my god
he thinks we could just print as much
money as we want
he doesn't know anything he doesn't know
anything
and that's why Gary Cohen has left
belatedly after he got all of his tax
cuts for his friends he gets no credit
for it but anyone with any sense would
leave the building before it collapses
so if you think that GDP is everything
and now you claim as a Republican or a
conservative that you never believed
that deficits mattered that's amazing
amazing okay but even if you claim that
right now this sugar high will not last
if you pump up the stock market with all
those stock buybacks and you over
stimulate the economy just because you
want a political advantage what does it
do every time it crashes every time so
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
especially with a moron in charge the
TYT Plus app is now available on iOS and
Android download to get more
TRT content at TYT comm / app
