let's take a look at how women are
treated on the Senate floor you willing
or are you not willing to give him the
authority to be fully independent with
the senator suspend the chair is going
to exercise its right to allow the
witnesses to answer the question to
provide the witnesses the courtesy which
has not been extended the senator will
attend the Buster a person who has
exhibited so much hostility to the
enforcement of those laws the senators
reminded that as a violation of rule 19
mr. president I don't think I quite
understand I'm reading a letter from
Coretta Scott King she was warned she
was given an explanation nevertheless
she persisted I appealed the ruling Jack
objection is heard
the senator will take her seat now let's
take a look at how men all treated on
the Senate floor the majority leader
looked me in the eye and looked 54
Republicans in the eye I cannot believe
he would tell a flat-out lie
but what he told the press over and over
and over again was a simple lies man who
never served himself will be cursed less
with his cancerous leadership you'd
think that seen yet another example of a
woman silenced by male senators would
convince most that the Senate has two
sets of rules for the different genders
yet many on the right remain stubbornly
unwilling to ignore is that a male
dominated government led by a pussy grab
a misogynist would exhibit sexist
attitudes towards women and yet they
persist but to me and most with a grip
on reality
it says obvious as the low IQ of Eric
and Donald Trump jr. or my frequent need
to well stir it nothing was taken an
Instagram photo now really you can check
that out women senators are still having
to fight for equal treatment a couple
days back Kamala Harris became the most
recent example of a female senator being
told basically to remember her place
that place being oh don't raise your
voice at a helpless man who was clearly
having trouble answering a
straightforward question while grilling
Deputy Attorney General rod Rosenstein
at Wednesday's hearing the junior
senator from California was shush by
Richard bar the Senate Intelligence
Committee Chairman who essentially told
senator Harris to pipe down and be
courteous oh do me like this then why
are you not answering our floor that is
inappropriate Senate like what you feel
isn't relevant at
oh I know you mean like this right do
you lack the knowledge to answer my
question or are you refusing to answer
my question
wait so I'm confused if it's appropriate
to throw the robot at Kamala Harris to
remind her of her courtesy shouldn't
that same rule book be throwing it male
senators who have aggressively pressed
witnesses for answers does the courtesy
not extend to them orders only apply the
Harris because she is expected to be
polite and respectful maybe she should
have asked her questions more I don't
know indirectly you know just to
minimize the discomfort of the Honorable
gentleman doing whatever he could to
dodge her questions until her five
minutes run out but this selective
treatment recalls another female senator
who experienced the same belittling
treatment after hurting some other rich
white guys feelings back in February the
same book of selective Senate decorum
was tossed at Elizabeth Warren when
Republican snowflakes took issue with
her quoting Coretta Scott King you
remember right when Senate Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell was so triggered
by Warren citing of these opinions about
Jeff sessions that he turned to the
Senate's arcane and rarely used rule 19
to silence Warren the majority leader
senators impairing the motives and
conduct of our colleague a rule that
states that senators may not directly or
indirectly by any form of words impute
to another senator or to other senators
any conduct or motive unworthy of
unbecoming a senator and roll the Mitch
McConnell is all too familiar with
because he refrained from invoking it
when Ted Cruz accused him of blatantly
lying to his colleagues and the press
saying and I quote McConnell is willing
to say things that he knows are false I
don't know but that sounds to me like he
was directly impugning you there mate
and he was using his own words not
quoting that you're a liar from someone
in the past no no he was calling you a
liar to your face but because he was a
guy you kept rule 19 tucked away in your
nice cowardly pocket the same pocket
that other male senators left their
copies when examples like this happened
will be cursed less with his cancerous
leadership so let me just put all this
in perspective Elizabeth Warren quoting
words from a letter was enough to
trigger these male senators into
addressing something other than their
afternoon golf game but blatantly
calling someone a liar or ripping
another senator for his cancerous
leadership is not considered impugning a
colleague and on the
you have set anything straight when a
woman presses for an answer she is
silenced and told to be courteous but
when a guy does it he's allowed to
unleash the full wrath of his manliness
well let's everyone just take a moment
to spare a thought for these guys whose
delicate sensibilities were so upset
when they were pressed to stop dodging
and answer questions from their I say it
a woman but when you melt that easily
well I guess that's why they're called
snowflakes follow me on instagram at
Francis M Maxwell and on Twitter at
Francis M Maxwell also share the video
and you know what to do
