well The Young Turks JQ Granicus bearing
with you guys
so big show ahead but I want to tell you
about a big week I should have told you
about this yesterday but we got
elections all this week and then odd day
as my daughter used to say when she was
2 that means we're done until the
general election so these are the last
of the primaries the last of the
mohicans tonight New Hampshire tonight
Rhode Island tomorrow night in New York
on Thursday night so Cynthia Nixon's up
in New York Matt Browns up in Rhode
Island so there's some huge elections
coming up there all right after the show
so you know shows 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
live tea y-t-dot-com /live and then at
8:05 election night starts tonight New
Hampshire will do all that for you guys
we have a lot of 9/11 stories for you
guys today is of course today's the 17th
anniversary of that tragic day including
Donald Trump Self Indulgence etc that
Donald Trump realizes water is wet I am
not joking that's a little bit later in
the program it turns out water is
actually very wet ok and and we before
Trump we did not know that okay but
before we do all that let's do a quick
check-in as we are doing every day in
the membership drive on the thermometer
so we started 20 7761 last week exactly
a week ago yesterday we ended a 30,000
460 we hadn't the show on that I wanted
to see we get to 500 by the end of the
day let's see if we got there and the
curtain over survived
okay d y-t-dot-com slice join to support
the show and get all the content now I
get complaints and this is a good
complainant yet
you guys have too many progressive shows
and it's hard to keep up with all that
well god bless thank you we appreciate
that we'll have more updates on our
programming etc as we go along this
especially tomorrow I think probably do
a big conversation around some of that
but meanwhile I want to tell you about
one other thing that we're offering you
guys we're gonna do a town hall for the
members so that is going to be next
Monday that's gonna be with yours truly
so that's a fun picture TYT I come sighs
sure to become a member and then at 7
o'clock Pacific ten o'clock Eastern next
Monday I'll be doing a town hall with
you guys and answering all your
questions
so I get your questions ready become a
member and I'll see you over there
alright let's go forward alright today
marks the 17th anniversary of 9/11 and
well it's important to talk about all
the various White House officials and
politicians who have released statements
to you know mention this day I think
it's important to also talk about how
much us how much we as US taxpayers have
spent on wars that have been justified
by those very politicians after the
events of 9/11 so just to give you an
idea of something that we have spent
trillions of dollars on while
simultaneously arguing that we can't
provide health care or education for our
citizens the US has spent 1.5 trillion
dollars on various wars after 9/11 okay
so wars in Afghanistan Iraq and Syria
have cost us taxpayers more than 1.5
trillion and that's again since
September 11th 2001 so I'm gonna give
you a breakdown of that spending in just
a minute okay so let's just note our
priorities as a country first of all we
got attacked on 9/11 I still remember
that day and
we lost nearly 3,000 people it was
incredibly traumatic and it was as
direct an attack as on our soil as we
have ever had
so did we want to chase down the guys
who did it absolutely if you don't know
the story New York Times had an
excellent report a couple of years later
about how we actually had bin Laden
cornered in Afghanistan and that was
before our invasion of Iraq but Rumsfeld
would not send a general to go get him
and that is maddening and the trillions
of dollars we have lost since then but
were we right to go after Osama bin
Laden yes I think we were so would we
have spent some money doing that yes we
would have okay but one and a half
trillion dollars we've been in
Afghanistan 17 years we went to Iraq
made a mess of it or were like oh we're
gonna go get Al Qaeda okay now we have
Isis
that's even worse and they just did
several attacks inside Afghanistan as we
speak 17 years later so what what do we
get in return
finally a dead bin Laden many many many
years later having almost nothing to do
with the wars that we executed we got a
giant mess of the Middle East that cost
hundreds of thousands of innocent
civilian lives cost more than 5,000 of
our American servicemembers lives 50
thousand that were maimed and injured
what could we have done instead with the
one and a half trillion dollars so
there's a thousand things we could have
done but let me just talk about two real
quick one is health care can you imagine
if we spent the one-and-a-half trillion
in health care how many more lives we
would have saved let alone the lies that
were cost by these wars so that is just
when you say look I haven't seen a
calculation of it but my guess is you
spent a one and half trillion dollars in
health care you would have seen hundreds
of thousands of American lives instead
people this what really struck me I was
doing an interview with a guest that
progressive guests from New York
recently on rebel headquarters and he's
pushing for single-payer in in the state
of New York and he made a great point I
don't know why I never thought about it
this way he said some my constituents if
their kids get cancer and they didn't
have insurance and remember about 15%
their country doesn't have insurance
kids dead that's it
you don't have any money you can't
afford cancer shoot you can't take them
to the emergency room your kid dies we
could have saved their lives if we had
to spend this one and a half trillion
dollars on these wars and then finally
you know we can get rid of every student
loan in the country not college for all
that's a much easier and and way less
expensive I'm talking about all the
student debt that exists in the country
all wiped out in a second and with
student loan debt is at 1.4 trillion
dollars so and by the way we could have
taken that hundred billion dollars that
easily killed bin Laden and taken out al
Qaeda from Afghanistan and no one in the
country would have student debt how
amazing miraculous would that be instead
we cost all those lives and made the
Middle East so much more unstable I mean
doesn't it make the American people
angry that our taxpayer money can't be
used to help benefit our lives enriched
our lives improve our lives you know
that money is easily spent the one piece
of legislation that easily gets approved
okay by both Congress and the White
House is the you know the defense now
the National Defense Authorization Act
okay
there's never any debate about it you
just increase the amount of money you
want to spend on our military on the
defense budget there's never any debate
so remember after 9/11 happened one of
the wars that we started in in 2003 was
the pre-emptive war in Iraq and the Bush
administration purposely made it seem as
though Iraq was behind 9/11 when it was
not so we have spent a lot of money
there and I want to break it down based
on military operations so a lot of that
money the 1.5 trillion dollars did go
toward the military operations but not
all of it okay so as I mentioned 1.5
trillion but about 180 5.5 billion of
that went toward military operations
when you break it down 134 point three
billion went to operation freedoms
Sentinel in Afghanistan operation
inherent resolve in Syria and Iraq was
twenty-three point five billion
operation noble Eagle for four homeland
security in the United States and
Canada was twenty seven point seven
billion so that's not the last bullet
point there is about national security
preserving national security it's not
about war but we spend a ton of money in
in interventionist Wars as well how much
have we spent on aiding Saudi Arabia in
Yemen that's not included on this list
we're involved in all sorts of nonsense
throughout the world and is it to keep
us safe or is it to keep weapons
manufacturers and private military
contractors wealthy so one more thing
about this 1.5 trillion is very likely
an understatement because most of these
calculations do not include the cost of
health care for veterans going forward
well we wouldn't have so would they need
health care we're all of course they
would but did they need extra health
care because of PTSD traumatic injuries
the disabled veterans yes when you add
that on top of it then he gets closer to
two trillion dollars and what did we
solve with it there was just a bombing
on last Wednesday in Afghanistan killed
20 people one of our soldiers just got
killed and another one wounded this
Monday so as in yesterday we're still
losing soldiers in Afghanistan for what
al Qaeda hasn't been there bin Laden
hasn't been there in 17 years they left
immediately they ran and in fact if we
were competent we would have we had him
cornered in Tora Bora and they did you
know this again go back and read that
story from the New York Times it's an
amazing story that they wrote the al
Qaeda led by bin Laden did their last
prayers because they thought well
they've got us cornered and we let him
go
oh my god it's maddening and meanwhile
Rumsfeld said inside the administration
back then well
Afghanistan is not a target-rich
environment Iraq is a target-rich
environment look at that verbiage in
other words our defense contractors can
make a lot more money if we bomb Iraq
there's not enough things to bomb in
Afghanistan and and at that now Isis is
the one that did that attack last week
Isis is in allocate is in Afghanistan it
didn't even exist before we invaded Iraq
it's even worse than our
kaida and and now we say no we're to
spend more money to make sure we can now
defeat Isis oh for God's sake
you know we have 14,000 troops left in
Afghanistan or 14,000 Americans overall
what are we doing is what is it gonna
take 18 years 19 years to accomplish
what I bet if you asked Trump or anyone
else in the administration what are you
trying to accomplish in Afghanistan they
couldn't possibly answer you defense
secretary Jim mattis I gave a short
speech today to commemorate 9/11 and he
did touch on you know our actions abroad
and I thought that this portion of his
speech was really interesting especially
considering the verbiage so take a
listen
maniacs disguised and false religious
garb thought by hurting us they could
scare us that day but we Americans are
not made of cotton candy
we are not seaweed drifting in the
current we are not intimidated by our
enemies and mr. president your military
does not scare our nation's troops today
are worthy successors of our
Revolutionary Army at Valley Forge
worthy successors of our valiant sailors
of Midway and our Marines at bloody Iwo
Jima and of our Air Force pilots
patrolling mcnally men and women of your
Armed Forces America having signed a
blank check to the protection of the
American people into the defense of our
Constitution a cheque payable with their
very lives your military stand ready and
confident to defend this country this
experiment in democracy
so mattis uses the phrase blank check in
reference to our soldiers who risk their
lives the blank check meeting their
lives when they go to these wars and you
know based on what you hear in
propaganda you know to protect democracy
around the world but that's not what
it's really about we all know that but
Americans have also signed a blank check
because there's no end in sight mattis
claims no no don't worry when it comes
out
Janice tan were now opening up talks
with the Taliban and we're gonna have
some negotiations there and hopefully
there will be an end let me give you his
exact quote he says we have more
indications that reconciliation is no
longer just a shimmer out there no
longer just a mirage
it now has some framework there's some
open lines of communication now you must
be so proud of 17 years later so look
Jim Mad Dog Madison the Trump
administration because he is one of the
few people who are who is sane in the
administration even though his nickname
is literally Mad Dog it gives you a
sense of how bad the rest of the
administration is so I guess within that
context I give him credit for being
cooler head for example when Trump
wanted to make this Syrian war far worse
by trying to assassinate his sod mattis
apparently according in Woodward's book
ignored him and that was a correct
decision
but don't get don't get any idea in your
head that mattis is some sort of good
guy or progressive no like many of our
generals unfortunately they use the
troops as a punchline and as a gimmick
so they say support the troops
do you really support the troops you've
been wasting their lives for 17 years in
Afghanistan you know what and they all
would give what we're giving money wait
wait no no you're not giving money to
the truce you're giving it to Lockheed
Martin and Boeing and Raytheon
you know what the average service member
comes in at their starting salary about
$19,000 support the troops for what with
what you're not supporting troops
remember when our troops are getting
blown up in Iraq and Rumsfeld went to
Iraq and said and they they had not
prepared the one thing they needed which
was armored vehicles because they were
planting roadside bombs
they're like Raytheon made a gorgeous
nuclear sub that's sitting there at a
dock somewhere that has no relevance to
our wars in Iraq and Afghanistan they
got paid trillions of dollars for it in
that case billions but overall yes we
spent trillions on defense contractors
but our guys getting paid $19,000 a year
are getting blown up because they didn't
actually protect the troops because why
armored vehicles don't cost that much
I'm not talking about tanks and thank
I'm talking about the cars that they use
to put metal plates underneath them
Rieti I can't make as much money from
that so who cares and you know what
Rumsfeld said he said well you go to the
war with the army you have not the one
you wish you had after they wasted one
and a half trillion dollars on their
buddies who are also their donors and by
the way so why do I go after the
generals in this case the great majority
of them retire and immediately work for
defense contractors and get absolutely
wealthy of those wars they set you and
your kids to die for so that's what
these generals and the
military-industrial complex is about and
that's how they wasted our money wasted
the lives of our troops and use 9/11 for
their own political purposes and it's
grotesque let's take a break when we
come back we're going to travel back in
time and see what Donald Trump had to
say about 9/11 as it had just happened
we hope you're enjoying this free clip
from The Young Turks if you want to get
the whole show and more exclusive
content while supporting independent
media become a member at TYT DICOM slash
join today in the meantime enjoy this
free second
all right back in Hannah Church Jenkin
Hannah with you guys I got some tweets
for you guys bepa writes in technically
water isn't wet alright wise guy
alright cool it okay
that's the about the hurricane where
Trump found out that his words water is
very wet so we'll we'll get to that in a
little bit Jay Thomas Cory says the
amount of money spent on war since 9/11
is exactly why we need to get money out
of politics by the way join Wolfpack
today Thank You Jay Thomas Cory
appreciate that wolf dash pack.com we
have got to get it out otherwise we're
gonna keep wasting trillions of dollars
they're robbing us every single day
Texas for bay to rights in my hash
tighty-whitey membership is the best ten
dollars I spend all months it's an
investment that doesn't depreciate and
in days of alternative facts and fake
news the knowledge I get from TYT in
return is priceless thank you brother
super super appreciate it and of
or ste y-t-dot-com slash joined he
become a member and to get all of our
shows and and build the home of
progressives with us I look the reason
we're trying to get to a hundred
thousand is so that we are unshakable
and no matter what anybody does they
can't knock us down so I hope that we
get there together okay now let's talk a
little bit more about 9/11 so this
morning Donald Trump of course wants to
be respectful of 9/11 so he sends a
tweet complaining about collusion
alright fine so he usual rants we found
nothing to show collusion between
President Trump and Russia absolutely
zero same kind of mental tweets you see
on any other day now this is the one day
where you really hope that the president
can pull it together and tell us about
how he cares about the people we lost on
9/11 and the troops that went to go
avenge them and etc the typical stuff
that presidents do is sometimes there go
over the top etc but Trump doesn't have
any of those issues he just doesn't
he'll pass yeah he doesn't know it
doesn't care thank you so now to the
point about a sociopath okay so he he
starts the day with me me me me me me
I'm not guilty I don't know what you're
talking about I'm not guilty right
all right that's usual then then second
tweet is about 9/11 he retweeted a post
by White House aide and Covino bragging
about how Trump had signed a
proclamation designating today as
Patriot day so it's about 9/11 but it's
about him bragging well are you a
patriot day I made it Patriot okay
alright we go to tweet number three okay
it's about 9/11 but wait till you see
what it is Rudy Giuliani get a great job
as mayor of New York City during the
period of September 11th his leadership
bravery and skill must never be
forgotten Rudy is a true warrior Rudy
Giuliani of course is his personal
lawyer now defending him on the issue of
collusion
so without yet mentioning the lives that
were lost talking about how Rudy was
this incredible hero and and not that
the attacks must not be forgotten not
that the people we lost are
must not be forgotten but how awesome
rudy guiliani my personal lawyer was
must not be forgotten unbearable
unbearable and by the way okay and I
some people get mad so prepare Luke his
service find your safe space because
you're about to get triggered rudy
guiliani gets ridiculous credit for 9/11
when he didn't do anything he showed up
at the scene of a crime
congratulations so you know the only
actual tangible thing he did was he put
the communication center in case of
emergencies inside the World Trade
Center which blew up now the World Trade
Center had already been attacked why
would you put the communication center
for emergencies in the one place in New
York that had already been attacked
that's because if you're stupid that's
what you do and then he shows up in
front of all the cameras he's like I'm
in charge I'm in charge well meanwhile
firefighters and cops died in those
buildings
cuz they couldn't communicate but I'm
supposed to now turn around and give
Rudy Guiliani credit because he's
Trump's lawyer and all he ever does he's
so gross you remember that line from
Biden in in the elections where Rudy
Giuliani was running for president got
humiliated of course run out of town
came in fifth in Florida was the only
place he can be he was the worst right
but every debate Giuliani would go out
there and as Biden said se9 verb 9/11
why cuz oh oh me me me me 9/11 I
happened to be in New York when 9/11
happened you're gross Giuliani you two
deserve each other so that's what Trump
did today oh I'm not even that one last
thing he goes to Pennsylvania to to
remember the heroes of United 93 and
those guys who are unbelievable they
didn't risk their lives they knew they
were gonna lose their lives but to make
sure that the plane did not get to its
target
so Trump gets there and he lands and he
sees that there are some people I think
that we're applauding him so he's like
oh yes forgets that hey I'm here for a
solemn occasion it starts doing this
like it's not a goddamn campaign rally
but he's a sociopath he can't help
himself
if you thought all that was bad wait
till you get a load of what he said on
the day of 9/11 so he's on New York
radio and and Ana did he talk about the
lives lost no did he say
it's that gay man you remember how I
know I was I remember that day any of
you who are old enough you remember that
day and how we were all shaken I had
friends who lived in New York one of my
co-founders here it was covered in in in
the debris from the building and and I'm
like Jesus Christ as he alive you see
okay and all the people that I know I
got family and friends well there's one
guy on 9/11 who wasn't thinking that he
was thinking something else yeah so he
called into wwo are in New York and this
is on the evening of 9/11 and he thought
that it was a perfect opportunity to
brag about how one of his buildings was
now the tallest building in New York I'm
gonna read you his exact quote he said
well it wasn't animate it was an amazing
phone call I mean 40 Wall Street
actually was the second tallest building
in downtown Manhattan and it was
actually before the World Trade Center
was the tallest and then when they built
the World Trade Center it became the
second tallest and now it's the tallest
that was what he said on the evening of
9/11 2001 not on the anniversary of 2001
on the actual day of September 11 2001
yep he called in to a radio station to
brag that he now had the tallest
building in New York he said well used
to be second tallest because the World
Trade Center but now that got knocked
down so not my building is the tallest
what sociopath thinks that way thinks
hey there's a moment for me to brag hey
the host big buildings got knocked down
with nearly 3,000 people dead but hey on
the upside my buildings the tallest now
this is the guy that you Revere if
you're a Republican oh god that's so sad
and okay there we go to 2002 by then is
he's taking a whole year as he found out
hey maybe people were upset about this I
should treat this with a little bit more
respect of course that right so he goes
on Howard Stern Show and talks about a
9/11 memorial
what should be built there and here's
what he had to say what Rudy said was
there should be a huge Memorial and it
should contribute to the skyline of New
York in the same way that the world
trade I'm starting to agree with that I
don't know maybe we should build a
television tower there maybe we should
do something that would be you know I
don't know if you saw last week the
television tower which is substantially
taller that the World Trade Center but
you don't have to occupy it I believe a
statue of your girlfriend would be
perfect right there
no one would even mess with that would
be a lesson for future generations oh
that's so funny
could you imagine if a democratic
politician went on the and talked about
September 11th a year afterwards it was
joking around about hey I got a hot
girlfriend
it was girlfriend at the time now white
I got a hot girlfriend maybe we build a
statue of it I mean look how it brought
up the joke we all heard it right there
right but he's going along with it like
oh yeah maybe we should man nobody would
fly into that 9/11 so funny they would
have been ridden out of town it said
this guy's a joke man it's a joke on the
whole country and he's the biggest joke
and his own supporters who think that
here's a guy who respects our armed
forces or kid who wants to make America
great again I mean think about why he
alleged why he allegedly goes after NFL
players who kneel during the national
anthem because he thinks that it
disrespects our flag it disrespects the
country disrespects our troops Trump
does that on a regular basis but for
some reason there seems to be a double
standard for Trump he gets to do and say
whatever he wants
doesn't matter how disrespectful he is
he still you know earns that support for
his base or toward his base it's insane
I I don't understand it but I'm I don't
know I'm just what else are we gonna
expect from this I'm bored I'm tired of
this yeah we get desensitized so what a
monster he yeah super desensitized at
this point this is who he is I mean I
don't need any more evidence of it I
already know and and what drives me
crazy is
not only has this been normalized but
his base doesn't care they don't care
Rudy Guiliani he used 911 he exploited
it for his own advantage for his own
purposes our federal government at the
time did the exact same thing to justify
you know starting wars in the Middle
East they never really cared about the
lives that were lost during 9/11 they
just didn't they used it for a political
advantage in nothing more and a couple
of punchlines
that's what they actually think of 9/11
okay now going from that to crass
commercialism other people taking
advantage of 9/11 yeah a number of
brands throughout the United States
wanted to commemorate 9/11 by promoting
their products and they got backlash for
it I want to give you a few examples in
New Jersey there's a restaurant known as
acai alator and they sell acai bowls
which sounds like a California thing and
it's super annoying but nonetheless they
decided to take an Instagram photo
showing you know the skyline of New York
with an acai bowl you know in the photo
as well they got so much backlash that
they later took that down and then
reposted the photo without the bowl but
old other hashtags etc yeah so great way
to celebrate 9/11 I hope you're not
doing that commemorate 9/11 it's with an
acai bowl from the view we have at our
restaurant but you know it's America so
whatever you got to do it was originally
supposed to be a commemoration it was
supposed to be solemn on the other hand
we could sell some fruit bowls that
we're calling acai bowls and we could
put it in there with a nice view and
make some money off of it welcome to
America but isn't this I mean look I'm
actually amazed that they got enough
backlash they took the original photo
down because this kind of shameless
self-promotion
is celebrated in the country its
celebrated in every facet of life
regardless of what you do for a living
okay you know you know how it is for us
like oh you work in news what's your
Twitter following what's your Instagram
following are you posting enough are you
active on social media are you promoting
yourself enough non-stop promotion
promote promote promote promote it's a
symptom of capitalism it is and I'm look
I am NOT against a capitalistic system
but this is assist a symptom of it yeah
I I thought Christianity was not about
materialism that was that what Jesus
Christ preached was the opposite of
materialism give away all your worldly
goods to the poor the needy and and help
your fellow man but we have somehow
twisted it in this country so that I
mean there's literally a thing called
prosperity gospel that if you don't live
in America you have to be confounded by
like really that's the thing
they took Jesus's literal words of
saying give away all your worldly goods
and you have no chance of getting into
heaven if you're rich they eat it said
it's harder to get it for a rich man to
get into heaven then for a camel to pass
through the eye of a needle and they
took that and said oh you see that Jesus
wants you to be absurdly rich first he
wants your pastor to be incredibly rich
and he wants him to have private jets
and limos then he wants you to be rich
and he wants all of you guys to focus on
nothing but materialism in fact we'll
take his birthday we'll get him out of
there because he said he looks homeless
get him out put in a fat Santa in a red
suit that gives away stuff that you
actually have to pay for okay and we'll
drive towards that and then what a
matter house on the occasion is birth of
Jesus or 9/11 just sell sell sell baby
and then whatever the original message
of America was or the Bible was or
anything else was everybody's forgotten
on a day especially when the theme is
never forget right so in the sidewall by
the way isn't just one of many examples
of bad that we've only talked about that
because there have been a number of
other companies who have done something
similar back in 2013 for instance 80
wanted to show off their inventory of
new iPhones and so they posted a photo
holding an iPhone with the New York
skyline in the background so very
similar to the acai bowl and then I
actually want to skip a
to graphic 40 because this is the one
that was it like insane so that was from
last year and it is promoting what is
that Chewbacca
yeah that's Chewbacca I don't know zip
Ramona Star Wars I don't know just okay
leave it be leave it be but but we can't
because it's America and we got to make
a buck but look final thing on it is
what did George W Bush the president at
the time say right after the attacks so
at other great moments our presidents
have stood up and given inspiring
speeches that wind up making a
difference FDR talked about this is a
day that will live in infamy referring
to Pearl Harbor he said we have nothing
to fear but fear itself and JFK was
amazing you're in the Cuban Missile
Crisis and he had great lines in other
instances where he said don't ask what
your country can do for you but what you
can do for your country
inspire people what did George W Bush
say after 9/11 go shopping literally he
gave a speech in response and and the
main theme was just go back to normal
life and he literally said just continue
shopping can you imagine if a woman said
that oh can you just imagine for one
second if a female politician said that
just let's just go back to shopping okay
because the shopping must not be
interrupted by tragedy and so this is as
Ana points out a symptom of that initial
problem to begin with and by the way I
believe in balance I think that we could
we could actually have capitalism that
doesn't run amok that doesn't take over
all of our lives and turn us into all
materialistic pigs that are obsessed
with things we must have because our
neighbor has it we could actually be
decent to one another and still have
private enterprise that's what I believe
but apparently I'm in the minority they
have a lot of that in Scandinavian
countries don't they yeah they have
private enterprise there and they make
good furniture and good meatballs
do actually they do okay all right let's
take a break when we come back some
international news for you including
possible sanctions against China for its
treatment of Muslims now that's a trippy
story very trippy I have theories and in
fact Trump at least the Trump
administration is going out of its way
to defend you Gers not kidding we'll
explain when we come back
