it's a Monday Genki were a Turkish ferry
we've got a ton of show for you guys
so it's you've got the chaos in the
Trump White House everybody knows about
that
but you also but you don't know the
details some of the details in the
Woodward book are amazing we're gonna
get that in a minute but also we've got
some stories that I think are really
important culturally Les Moonves story
Serena Williams story lots of strong
opinions and it's fascinating how people
on the Serena Williams case come at it
from such a different perspective right
absolutely and but I've got really good
news for you guys I'm gonna adjudicate
it all okay and I will solve it I
already have rulings on a number of
fronts I only think there's one open
question left okay am I not merciful
that I have left an open question okay
well we'll talk about it when we get to
this okay are you feeling sassy because
of your new haircut thank you you know
you know not in all seriousness but Ann
and I were talking about how my hair
looks better short in some of those
teasers and clips that we have for you
guys if you watch the show live and so
it's like you know what they get a
haircut we'll talk more about it at
postgame okay and I was like let's make
it a little shorter so that's what
happens yes anyways speaking of things
that happen out of the show today rebel
headquarters Cynthia Nixon is going to
be on hosted by the legendary Ana
Kasparian
okay so at great rebel headquarters
tonight don't miss it hey look good news
for you guys
if you're a young turks member you don't
have to miss any of our shows you know
it's a miss a minute of any of our shows
good luck trying to watch them all
because there are a lot of them look for
the Homa progressives by way no filter
we do no filter live every Monday mm-hmm
it was so good this week like look I I
I'm not no but that's the thing I'm not
I'm not one of these people who's like
everything I do is great no no but it
was by the way I thought show is not
done by me on my own like that show you
know brett erlich is helping me Dan
Evans is helping me they're my producers
and it was so good this week so check it
out an Oscar or something why would do
you want to thank your agent if you
don't have YouTube TV you can check it
out on podcasts any podcast that you
podcast system that you use iTunes
whatever else there is check it out
Spotify to know that yeah I why okay
super last thing is we got to do with
stories but have you noticed John
plugging the damage report podcast he's
getting his ratings way up he's jealous
oh yes
stop Jake Jake likes to exploit my
competitive nature and it's working
don't do it I don't know maybe you
should rate no filter his podcast as
well give it a good 5 star rating I'm
sorry okay you don't like it don't rate
it at all just move along thank you
that's where John and Anna disagrees is
that screwed just right mind it but if
you don't like it oh yeah you can rate
his if you don't like it alright guys we
got a lot of show ahead let's do it
let's do it let's do it what's that oh
by the way sorry sorry sorry I forgot to
tell you guys I told you hey this is how
you get all of our shows except I didn't
tell you how I know most of you know it
but in case you don't TYT dot-com /join
is how you become a member and that's
how you can get all of our shows
including rebel headquarters tonight
with Anna and Cynthia Dixon okay what's
thanks alright Bob Woodward's book is
going to be available for public
purchase this week and over the weekend
he did his round of interviews with
major new shows there were a number of
comments that he made about or
elaborations he made about portions of
his book that have already made news
that I think are important to kind of
discuss on the show today so let's go to
the first video where Woodward talks
specifically about Trump officials
taking documents off his desk so Trump
doesn't carry out disastrous policies
people who work for him are
worried that he will sign things or give
orders that threaten the national
security or the financial security of
the country or the world aids including
then chief economic adviser Gary Cohen
and White House staff secretary Rob
Porter literally stole documents like
this one off the President's desk in the
Oval Office so he wouldn't sign them
because they realized that this would
endanger the country how do they get
away with it
he doesn't remember if it's not on his
desk if it's not immediately available
for action it goes away so the statement
that he made about Trump forgetting was
the relevant statement that I think a
lot of people had questions about how
could the president you know demand
certain things and then not actually
carry it out simply because someone took
a paper off his desk or documents off
his desk and as Woodward says there he
just forgets yeah I mean he's saying it
politely it's exactly what we told you
on day one of this story he's too stupid
to realize and too incompetent to
realize that they didn't execute his
orders so I say he doesn't remember what
does that mean does he have dementia I
guess that would be worse in a sense but
if he doesn't have dementia when you
tell people that work for you to do
something and they don't do it and you
don't notice it's because you're
incompetent now look and let me be fair
because running a large organization is
not easy so if it was a small thing well
if you're president the United says he
can get lost in the weeds if it was
something that's lower in the chain of
command and you didn't hear about it
understandable so I'm not trying to be
unfair here and it is it's a giant
organization the White House and the
executive branch but one of the orders
he asked for was to kill Bashar al-assad
the head of the Syrian government that's
not a thing you easily forget it's not a
thing down the chain of command no and
the defense secretary told you yes sir
we'll carry it out right away
and Assad remains completely unkilled
and so that's saying that you forgot
that is saying either yes you have
clearly have dementia or you're just
such an idiot that anybody can tell you
all yes yes sir of course sir and then
you don't notice and you forget because
you're you have no mind at all that's
the thing the debate is whether he lost
his mind
or never had a mind to lose in the first
place right so you know you hear all
these debates throughout the press
regarding how why Trump reacted the way
he did which was no reaction at all when
members of his own administration didn't
carry out tasks that he told them to
carry out and so one of the debates was
or one of the people in these debates
argued well you know people know that
Trump is a hyperbolic kind of guy he
says things he doesn't mean which is the
reason why you know he hasn't been angry
that these things haven't been carried
out but I genuinely believe from the
get-go that he just forgets because he's
incompetent and would word based on the
hundreds of interviews that he did has
you know reinforced that and he has no
as the op-ed writer from inside his
administration said he has no guiding
principles so it's easy like he's like
well I wanted you to kill Assad today
but tomorrow I changed my mind
so what difference does it make just and
as almost every person involved says you
just wait for him to change his mind so
just ignore his orders until either he
forgets or changes all of his principles
the very next day
these are all those possibilities but
then as a guy who's never had to deal
with any consequences in his life for
destroying things and leaving a wake of
devastation behind him if they kill
Assad or if they don't kill aside it
doesn't matter because he doesn't know
the consequences of doing either one so
what happens is that great I told him to
do that cool and if they it doesn't
happen like oh great I told him do it
but okay I'm on to the next thing
he doesn't think things through enough
for it to think oh it didn't get done I
wanted to start dead because internet
sentence that next sentence doesn't
exist so there's never had to deal with
his consequence that is life if you
bankrupt a company you know you're gonna
never forget that and you're never gonna
go around town everybody I'm the best
business
in the world yeah I've never done
anything wrong but normal people will
think that but if you bankrupt several
and you keep moving on and they keep
giving you another chance why would you
that's such a good point yeah see out of
all those excellent points year just
made to me the most important one is the
next sentence point right we kill Assad
and then so I would think through ok how
is Russia going to react because Russia
is allies with Assad what is it wrong
going to do in response and other ally
of Assad's are they as Hezbollah going
to take action because Iran gives them
orders to will that affect Israel these
are all the rational calculations you
should make if you're a President of the
United States but for him he doesn't
understand the consequences of his
actions
so he never thinks through the second
let alone the third of the four centers
so when none of those actions flow if I
had made an order like that I'd go well
what happened
what did Hezbollah attack or where's our
relationship with Russia oh ok but since
he has no mind at all and and doesn't
understand consequences he said and he
just doesn't even notice it didn't
happen come on guys it is the most
obvious thing in the world I don't care
how much of a trunk fan you are you know
that ordering Assad's killing and then
that not having it carried out and you
don't notice is a sign of an incredibly
stupid person he's just the affluenza
candidate you know our president he just
you know doesn't understand the
consequences of his action so he behaves
a certain way alright so that was you
know but just a small snippet of the
interview with CBS Woodward also talked
about how the Pentagon first realized
that Twitter could lead to World War 3
take a look he drafts a tweet saying we
were gonna pull out dependents from
South Korea family members of the 28
thousand people there
that tweet was never sent because of a
back-channel message from North Korea
that it would regard a pullout of
dependence as a sign the US was
preparing to attack at that moment there
was a sense of profound alarm in the
Pentagon leadership that my god one
tweet and we have reliable information
that the North Koreans are going to read
this as an attack is imminent so a
couple of things there Anna one is I'm
surprised is the biggest surprise to me
out of all this is that anyone checks
his tweets before they're sent oh I
didn't know that haven't I maybe for
special foreign policy tweets they
actually bothered to check them okay but
this is an excellent example on to the
more serious point of the man who has no
understanding of consequences well I'm
gonna say that I'm gonna pull those guys
out wait wait wait wait there might be
consequences that well how will the
North Korea's wreck what-what-what's
cuss questions I have influenza the
ready-to-cook
say he went bankrupt six times they were
bailed out by mainly two people one was
his daddy over and over again by the way
this is all facts you could read into it
it they had to pay fines for his dad
getting him money in ways that were not
legal and had to admit it and pay fines
for that mm-hmm
including just going and buying chips at
his casino and then never using them so
all this illegal way of funneling Trump
money because he's an idiot
and his daddy bailed about all those
times of course the second daddy is
Vladimir Putin after he couldn't get a
loan from anyone else he wound up
getting loans from Russian banks
controlled by the oligarchs so here's a
guy who doesn't understand that hey I
might accidentally start a war because
that would require you to have a second
thought in your head and and so one more
thing about that it at a different point
in the interview Woodward said let's
hope to god we don't have a crisis now
when I read that by itself I didn't
quite understand what you mean like
crisis in the White House we already
have a crisis
no when I read it in context of Sadr in
context I understood
amen if we have something like the Cuban
Missile Crisis oh my god where the
president has to be sanctioned cogent
and make him world-changing decisions on
the spot oh god help us all God hoped
the whole world did nobody knows what
he's gonna do even Trump doesn't know
what he's gonna do cuz he's erratic he
has no guiding principles and he has no
mind to speak up and doesn't understand
the consequences of his actions so yeah
we're playing with fire every minute
that he's the president if there is a
world changing crisis by the way he
might accidentally do the right thing
but brace for impact exactly what he's
gonna do that's the issue that it's a
wild card that you don't know what
you're gonna get with Trump and every
once in a while even you know for us
he'll say something that sounds
promising
and then he'll immediately backtrack and
do something disastrous and it's because
he doesn't have any guiding principles
you're right jank and when I think about
him I often think about George Bush not
because I think that they're very
similar but I remember when he came to
George Bush one of the biggest
criticisms was that he had this unearned
confidence but now when you have Trump
in office and you see his behavior
that's unearned confidence the guy has
absolutely no intellectual curiosity
doesn't have a real understanding of
policy both domestic or foreign which is
why he's you know treating the trade
deals like a child doesn't know or care
about the consequences of the trades the
trade policies that he's putting out
there but more importantly he's
unwilling to listen to other people
around him and get advice from them he
wants to carry out actions unilaterally
whereas Bush for as horrible as he was I
mean he was overly manipulated by
outsiders or or insiders within his
administration with Trump he just wants
to go at it because he thinks he's the
best he thinks he's the brightest he
thinks he's always right we had a poll
early on in his administration who was
Dumber George Bush or Donald Trump
because don't don't get romantic about
George Bush a a very low IQ individual
but it but Bush clearly wins on being
smarter because at least he has enough
self-awareness and intellect to
understand how stupid he is yeah that's
why he would ask
to a fault ask people around them hey
Dick Cheney what should i do Oh invade
Iraq okay fine right Donald Trump
doesn't even have the capacity to
understand how maniacally stupid he is
right so to give you an example I
actually have an example for you can I
go to this first because it's somewhat
newsworthy so Trump is freaking out over
the Woodward book it's obvious based on
the number of tweets he's put out in
regard to it and so here's the tweet
that stood out to me he said the
Woodward book is a joke just another
assault against me in a barrage of
assaults using now disproven unnamed and
anonymous sources many have already come
forward to say the quotes by them like
the book are fiction Dems can't stand
losing all right the real book no you
won't know you won't okay he's not gonna
write a book
he's not capable of write maybe someone
can go straight a book for him but like
it gives you a sense of of how how much
unearned confidence he has he can't even
craft a single tweet without making a
mistake in it but he's gonna write a
book so he's got a number of books how
they were all ghostwritten yes of course
he doesn't have the intellectual
capacity to write a book not even close
in fact almost all of his ghost writers
have now come out and said god help us
all
whatever you do you got to get him out I
spent time with him total idiot couldn't
write a sentence let alone a book but
forget that a lot of dingoes write for a
lot of people they're like no no if
you're in the room with him you
understand he's a danger to everyone
because he's a guy with no conscience no
intellect and doesn't realize either so
the analogy I was Hughes or metaphor I
was gonna use this and Rich's once said
about george w bush that he was born on
third base and thought he hit a triple
donald trump was born on third base and
thought he kicked a field goal okay
that's the difference they're two
different sports yeah you got it you got
it he doesn't know much about sports but
at least she knows that all right so I
wanted into the final part of this
interview that stood out to me
personally so uh Gary Cohn Gary Cohn and
Trump had a bit of a tumultuous
relationship and a lot of it had to do
with Trump's reaction to the Nazi rally
in Charlottesville Virginia take a look
when economic adviser ko
was upset over the president's
reluctance to condemn white supremacist
for the violence in Charlottesville he
went into the Oval Office to resign
Trump said you can't resign I need you
to do tax reform and said if you leave
this is treason and from talked him out
of resigning afterwards chief of staff
John Kelly who had been in the room
pulled him aside : wrote this down quote
from general Kelly if that was me I
would have taken that resignation letter
and shoved it up his six different times
end quote
yeah I can't stand that quote from John
and Kelly
so our job here is to keep it real and
tell you the truth no matter way Howard
cuts so I should be applauding that
saying oh okay you see that there's an
example of Donald Trump being an idiot
etc but John Kelly what do you mean you
would have done the resignation letter
and shoved it up his ass
you are still as chief of staff you
could resign too I mean why Gary Cohen
is Jewish and so he is particularly mad
according to this story because they
were chanting the Jews will not replace
us blood and soil these are not see
chance in Charlottesville and Donald
Trump said there's good people on that
side on the Nazi side but John Kelly you
don't have to be Jewish to be outraged
by that I'm not Jewish and I'm livid
over it so you had a chance to resign
six times over you didn't and on that
issue and a hundred other issues that
you never took that chance so please
spare me your crocodile tears yeah
you're right I mean John Kelly on
multiple occasions has expressed how
much he dislikes working in the Trump
administration but he has never actually
taken the step of resigning of you know
saying no you know what I can't stand
for what's going on here so I it's look
I think it's it's far more courageous to
stand up to Trump and actually speak
against his policies and what he's been
doing his behavior but Kelly hasn't done
it all you hear are leaks all you see
are anonymous op-eds there's a lot of
cowardice that
coming out of the White House right now
and by the way these leaks are partly
because of that cowardice
so John Kelly could resign he could say
things publicly he's choosing not to
instead he's doing leaks Gary Cohn
eventually did resign but only after he
got the tax cut for the rich so
Charlottesville didn't do it for him oh
you you want to say that there are good
Nazis chanting the Jews will not replace
us but wait let's do the tax cut for the
rich first so you know in Gary Cohen is
the guy who took papers off his desk so
he wouldn't do a disastrous trade deal
all of this is now positioning for hey
no no no I was a good guy inside the
Trump administration oh I prevented a
more chaos oh I hate hey I did this I
did that no no you're the greedy guy who
stayed there to get credit for the tax
cuts that you got for your friends so
spare me your tears Gary Cohn you were
complicit in all of this the resident
resigning after what you've got what you
wanted
which is that tax cut for yourself and
for your friends is not some sort of
point of pride or or a Profile in
Courage
all right well Trump had to deal with a
one-two punch
last week first there was news of the
Woodward book and then there was the
anonymous op-ed and there's more fallout
following that publication so let's get
to that Trump administration officials
are lining up to deny aggressively deny
that any of them had written the New
York Times op-ed anonymously that was of
course the notorious op-ed that made
Trump look like the incompetent fool
that he is now Mike Pence over the
weekend claimed that he was willing to
take a lie-detector test to prove that
he wasn't the person who wrote it but
one of the things that stood out to me
was a conversation that took place on
Fox so Fox News has this panel and
Candace Owens is on the panel they're
discussing the New York Times op-ed and
what I love about the exchange that
you're about to see is how dana perino
handled it take a look there's the
political appointee who wrote the
authentic anonymously that's somebody
who President Bush that's President
Trump chose isn't working that's true
using that oh no really it could be
somebody at the deputy undersecretary of
Defense but we don't know there is no
transparency there's no transparency
whatsoever it's anonymous
presenting this is a positive populist
measure that was amazing so Candace
Owens is saying there's no transparency
so how do we know that the New York
Times didn't just write it themselves
yeah no but so I blame dana perino and
for and all the current Republicans for
staying in the room that is filled with
people who recently escaped from an
insane asylum so you see dana perino
reaction on there
Candace Owen says me how do we know the
New York Times didn't just write it
itself that's a preposterous thing to
say well so they would risk hundreds of
years of their reputation on this one
op-ed and how many people would risk
their careers they would all get fired
anyway it's beyond preposterous and dana
perino knows it she was right like she
winces but does she ever get up and walk
out of the room of course not
no but here's the thing this is the
thing that drives me crazy back in 2016
Candice Owens had a blog it no longer
exists but BuzzFeed did a great expose
on this blog that she had where she made
fun of Tea Party members said that she
can't wait for them to die right
peacefully in their sleep I hope she
said something like that she made fun of
Trump incessantly including making fun
of his penis size
now the blog did and she ran it okay so
some of those pieces were written by
different people but she ran it no no
she ran it okay but the whole thing
about tea party members
she wrote that okay she wrote that so
look the reason why I'm bringing that up
is because she's a paid show right she
is paid specifically to go against the
best interests of her own community and
say all of these lovely things about
Trump how did she go from despising
Trump in 2016 despising the tea party
and then all of a sudden oh you know
what actually Trump is the greatest
everyone loves Trump Trump is so great
for the black community you think we're
idiots I mean
portion of the country consists of
idiots they because they believe her
they believe that she's had this like
weird out of nowhere moment where she's
decided oh now I'm a conservative she's
getting paid Turning Point USA she's
getting paid by them to say the things
that she says the thing that frustrates
frustrates me the most is that she'll
get these segments right they'll invite
her on to various shows to spew her
nonsense that she doesn't actually
believe look if she genuinely believed
the things that she was saying that's
one thing but she's paid to say the
things that she's saying and so and
everyone seems to know it but no one
seems to care
yeah well have her on Fox will have run
whatever show yeah so look guys hey is
she did she consciously make a decision
at some point in 2016 I'm gonna sell out
I don't care I just want to get paid yes
she did okay so that's Anna's theory but
you could have a hybrid of that
possibility where she does a video and
goes hey maybe conservatives are right
and conservatives come in and start
rewarding her so they reward her in
views they reward her revenue and then
somebody comes and says hey you know
what if you go around the country saying
that you can get paid a lot of money
she goes yeah yeah I meant that I did
now when she's on the Left she gets paid
for nothing because the left pays for
propaganda I know that the right-wing
it does projection and they think Soros
funds everything etc no trust me no one
on the Left gets paid for a goddamn
thing you gotta earn every single dollar
absolutely look no no liberal
organization or progressive organization
is gonna pay a black woman to say
progressive or liberal things okay but
by the way they wouldn't pay a white
male evangelical to come out and go the
evangelicals are wrong and white pills
it's preposterous there's no one other
left ever does anything I get but if you
are a black woman who's gonna say other
blacks are wrong other women are wrong
you're gonna get a huge payday and
that's what happened to Candace Owens so
whether it started out slightly
earnestly but by the time she got those
paychecks she's like oh yeah that guy
who I thought was a monster there's also
here's the greatest is the great weren't
the paychecks to keep coming right okay
he's fantastic idle liberals that I was
just a minute ago or the worst of the
worst and it's okay ice anybody can see
how this play out but to me I know
you're mad at Candace Owens no I'm not
mad at Candace
Owens Candace Owens is part of a corrupt
media you know ecosystem and she's
profiting from it right and by the way I
want to be clear about something
are there black conservatives who are
genuinely principled conservatives of
course of course there are right Candice
Owens does not fall under that category
I know you know you research her you
figure out what her past is just listen
to her try to back up her conservative
talking points she can't do it she
doesn't even have the intellectual
curiosity to look into it and figure out
how to answer follow-up questions about
her so-called conservative ideas you
know what's amazing is that the
Conservatives don't care at all they
don't care oh they're like oh you don't
know anything who cares Sarah Palin
Donald Trump George W Bush Candace Owens
they're all maniacally stupid and
conservatives think who cares as long as
their parenting won't we want him to
parent look I'll give you an example
what Ana is talking about larry elder
now larry elders an african-american
conservative he's had guiding principles
his whole life i don't agree with those
principles i've had huge debates with
him on air but he actually believes
those things now he gets paid as a talk
show host but that's his job there's
nothing wrong with that he had those
principles all along he didn't sell out
to become a conservative he's that's
what he's been doing and i can you could
be mentally disagree with Larry but
nobody I don't know anyone that thinks
he's stupid I don't know anyone who
thinks he's doing it in a disingenuous
way etc so you want to respect Larry
elder even though I disagree no problem
no problem
this you know Candace hose comes along
goes who's paying who's paying conserves
yeah I'm in I don't know what I'm in for
but who cares did I do the research
Republicans don't believe in research so
but to me I'm more angry at the Dana
purina's of the world we just sit there
and go oh yeah yeah maybe the
neighborhood's gonna of course she'd a
New York Times didn't make it up
and I'm sitting next to an insane person
well that's okay we're I mean is look I
know I'm a former Republican from a long
long time ago and it was a a long
transition that people ask me about all
the time hey I care about balancing
budget so turns out Republicans never
balanced budgets you know I care about
not attacking country that didn't attack
us that was George HW Bush's policy
George W pushes his sons policy was the
exact opposite these are interesting
conversations and I remember Ben
mankiewicz telling me when we work
together in Miami now 20 years ago he
said you were in the wrong room
those guys you have principled
opposition to affirmative action because
you think it hurts minorities everyone
else in the room thinks ah the black
people are getting too much and by the
way I will remember being in rooms where
people would literally say that and I
came at the conclusion I'm in the wrong
room so Dana Perino sits in that room
she knows she's in the wrong room and
she's just symbolic of all the other
people both in the media and in politics
you think they don't know Trump is
mental of course they know of course
they know Dana Perino knows Trump is
maniacally stupid and self-centered and
a pathological liar and all of them know
it but they're like checks are still
clearing right still cleary yeah I'm
staying in the room and look I mean
don't hate the player hate the game
right and and you know it sounds cheesy
to bring that up but it's true it's hard
out there in the media world and I know
firsthand we know firsthand that you pay
the consequences for not selling out and
for being principled but at the same
time I just want the audience to know I
want media consumers to know where
they're getting their information from
and whether or not the people who are
talking to them genuinely believe the
things that they're saying
hundred-percent all right let's take a
break
yeah all right we got a lot more yellows
you do the program move as is still left
I mean mmm his pay is severance what
he's gonna get paid to leave the company
it's unreal all right we'll tell you
what one comeback we hope you're
enjoying this free clip from The Young
Turks if you want to get the whole show
and more exclusive content while
supporting independent media become a
member at TYT comm slash joined today in
the meantime enjoy this free sing
alright back on The Young Turks only
time for member comments here because
there's a lot Emily says okay Jake your
haircut is cute it's a small one thank
you though
I know right sure shoosh okay eclectic
miscellanea writes in one of my favorite
jenkins is when he excitedly says Turks
below at the begin of the show you see I
said it I think on those days it means
he's excited to do the show as the
members are to watch it thank you guys
and we're reading the member comments
prioritizing them now and that's on T
y-t-dot-com slash live if you're
watching the show live mermaid iam says
juniors spot on if he even if he did
remember
he wouldn't know to be surprised that
there was no negative outcome see that
junior right after you throw me under
the bus I read a positive one about you
okay well that's okay this is this is
all hiding the fact you chose that one
to know just afterwards yeah all right
Michelle says why are so so many few why
sorry why are so few America's not in a
frothing rage or the political
corruption I think a lot are actually
and straight there's like well over
sixty percent disapproval of Donald
Trump country is pretty much in a rage
it's just television has to call it
50/50 it ain't 50/50 it's about two to
one against Trump kinderman says he
forgot to sign a document at a signing
ceremony hence had to go chasing after
him speaking of bad memories
Gaby Morita wrote about how his is one
of the best memories it's hilarious
right now look this site forgetting to
sign the document it's not that big a
deal I can see myself doing that
forgetting today I forgot the that to
follow up on assassinating a world
leader that's kind of a big deal yeah
okay so guys we started membership drive
last week you know that and we've been
updating you we're trying to get to
30,000 last week and we did end of
Friday we got the 30,000 Oh - okay ooo -
anyway so we're gonna tell you what it
is in a second but we're also reading
your comments about it and there was one
criticism of me that I want to read you
guys which i think is important and
interesting and I will cross
criticizers now I'm kidding I'll
probably agree with them anyway but
first and has a couple of positive ones
alright so Kimberly wrote in and she
said the following Friday I joined as an
activist and also called my senators
about Kavanagh I feel like I'm finally
doing something to make a difference for
our people thank you for being so
truthful in these trying times I'm so
glad I have TOI tea to keep me sane
thank you so much Kimberly you're
awesome
I just want to say real quick look
that's what I love that's my ideal where
we're doing the show we're Houma
progressives you're helping support that
you're getting all the shows in return
plus we're doing something to change the
world together so I love that you called
your senators so thank you for doing
that you living up to the title activist
all right Josue is that how you say the
name I believe so Josue said I've been
following to i.t for a few years now and
finally decided to pull the trigger on
membership when Anna and jank did the
shimmy
so more shimmies please no no oh oh yeah
we go let's see the number let's sue in
a second okay okay but thank you guys we
appreciate it
although after I read this I don't know
it's a shimmy mood but all right now
here comes the criticism and I don't
know why I don't have the name here but
I saw a similar comment on Twitter but
and there were a number of them so I
wanted to address it hearing Jiang say
that it was ironic for alex jones to
imply that marco rubio is gay because he
watches transgender porn made my heart
hurt no it is not ironic for him to say
that it is ironic suggests that he
regards trans women as men i recognize
that it was a subtle comment but to hear
it from a progressive is so
disappointing that trans women aren't
quote real woman is a harmful and
hurtful misconception okay that's a
great point see look that's what i
talked about doing the show together so
you're right about that and and it and
it slipped past me and then people here
also told me the same thing and i wanted
to correct the record and thank you for
pointing that out but we grow together
to remember it I'm pretty oft up 48 and
so in in the times that I grew up and I
grew up a Republican I'm not making it
as an excuse I'm acknowledging and I
appreciate you pointing it out is that
helps me get better right
that would have been a very common thing
to think and that's probably why it
slipped out at the
that it did but it's a great point and
we have to all work together to make
sure that people have a good
understanding of of transgender folks in
this country and and not make comments
like that so I really appreciate the
useful criticism here and so look did we
get a million troll saying a million
nonsensical things but when there is
valid critique of us where we're
actually happy to receive it so we can
get better absolutely yeah all right so
now let's take a look at the new number
the and let's see the weekends are
slower okay okay so before we get to the
number we were at thirty thousand and
two yes okay why Ellis hooligan no sign
up so whether we get all right 413 I
think that's good enough
oops wrong one
okay TYT calm / jordan join the fun I
get all of our shows and help our
membership drive alright what's next
Oh dere it is ey T I'm sorry okay what's
next alright White House National
Security Advisor John Bolton is scoffing
at the notion of the International
Criminal Court going after the United
States for its actions in Afghanistan
specifically its treatment of detainees
in Afghanistan now this International
Criminal Court is one that the United
States has refused to join and John
Bolton shares his disdain for the court
in the following video take a look in
November of 2017 the ICC prosecutor
requested authorization to investigate
alleged war crimes committed by US
service members and intelligence
professionals during the war in
Afghanistan an investigation neither
Afghanistan or any other state party to
the Rome Statute requested literally any
day now the ICC may announce the start
of a formal investigation against these
American patriots who voluntarily signed
on to go into harm's way to protect our
nation our homes and our families in the
wake of the 9/11 attacks the ICC
prosecutor has requested to investigate
these Americans for alleged detainee
abuse and perhaps more I want to make a
quick statement about the beginning of
what he said in that video he said
something along the lines of America
didn't request this investigation to be
fair he also mentioned Afghanistan yeah
America probably wouldn't want to
request an investigation into potential
war crimes that they've committed anyway
go ahead okay John Bolton labels
international criminal court
illegitimate also bank robber labels
cops illegitimate yeah they're going to
be investigating the actions of the US
government so you're not happy about
that we get it doesn't make the
International Criminal Court wrong in
fact it makes it more right no now why
do I say that because it's
investigating America no because it is
holding the powerful accountable if you
set up a sham Court and it was there to
serve the powerful they would
investigate
you know Botswana and and Nicaragua and
countries that don't have enormous GDPs
and it would be used as a gimmick to
bully other less powerful International
Criminal Court actually does its job it
investigates everyone who might be
committing human rights violations war
crimes etc and john bolton is doing a
little mr. eshton does he care that
they're gonna investigate us on
afghanistan yes is that his primary
concern
no his primary concern is that they
investigate israel and so he couldn't
help himself he talked about it later in
the speech and reality is that is the
number one reason why America has been
consistently against the International
Criminal Court before any investigation
of us came around because how dare you
investigate the obvious law breaking of
the State of Israel that is unacceptable
to only two countries Israel and the
United States of America so you're right
in that he is certainly more concerned
about investigations into the behavior
of the Israeli government but look I
think that he's also concerned about
having an international law enforcement
going after countries who commit war
crimes because remember the United
States profits off of getting involved
in conflicts abroad that is our bread
and butter and so having you know law
enforcement on an international scale go
after us if if and when we do something
wrong well that could potentially hurt
profits I think that's part of it as
well but to your point he does talk
about Israel in the speech we do have a
clip on that but before we get to that
just take a listen to how incredibly
salty he is in the next part of the
speech the United States will use any
means necessary to protect our citizens
and those of our allies from unjust
prosecution by this illegitimate court
we will not cooperate with the ICC we
will provide no assistance to the ICC
and Lee certainly will not join the ICC
we will let the ICC die on its own after
all for all intents and purposes the ICC
is already dead to us he loves to talk
like a tough guy man I'd love to save in
a situation where any of that was tested
but you'll never catch any of these guys
they're all chicken Hawks they all ran
from every single war they want your
kids to die in that war instead but I
did notice some salt got stuck in his
mustache well I mean it's that mustache
is a little too long you gotta trim it
brother yeah okay so I appreciate some
of the people in the room that did not
applaud when he attacked the
International Criminal Court but half
the rooms like all any war criminals off
the hook yeah me ICC is not doesn't just
investigate America in Israel ICC
investigates oh all the countries across
the board and has gone after people
who've committed war crimes and helped
to bring justice to those people and so
I mean when you look at all those things
in the United Nations overall has
investigated whether it's Rwanda Serbia
and all the different issues that came
up where we tried at least for a little
bit of justice here's this room going no
ended let there be war crimes in Rwanda
and Serbia and Israel and wherever yes
war crimes I I hope you're proud yet
there's a here's the persuasion - of
people who may not look who has not the
time to look into what the ICC does or
has done or will do or even this
particular one he evoked 9/11 evoked
brave Americans who go to war there
you're gonna bring charges against
people who went to fight a war for our
country after what happened to us in
9/11 they continue to persuade people
based off of the deaths of some more
innocent people it's the same it's the
same car they go with every time no
matter this is remember what happens you
cannot you can't say I'm forward I would
like to see what they're doing cuz you
how could you you're gonna get aside
against Americans right I know I know
it's the same tactic that they use over
and over again but I remember very
clearly what happened to our military to
our soldiers following 9/11 the American
people were tricked into sending our
soldiers to a pre-emptive war in Iraq
where the Bush administration purposely
made it seem as though Iraq was behind
9/11 when it wasn't
I remember that do you guys remember
that
right yeah John Bolten probably
remembers that because he was one of the
goddamn Liars that did that lie in the
first place he was part of the neo cons
who said yeah you know what Rumsfeld
said the problem Afghanistan is it's not
a target-rich environment in other words
who can drop more bombs on Iraq and John
Bolton agreed we should go to Iraq
instead that did not attack us that did
not attack us now he's thought about how
we're in Afghanistan today today decades
later because those troops are
protecting our families and our homes
really the guy from the Swat Valley was
gonna come into our homes
what in God's green earth are you
talking about the people who attacked us
are long gone
I don't know if you remember this John
Bolton the guy who killed Osama bin
Laden was oh right Barack Obama who you
said was soft and weak and didn't push
kill him to Cheney kill him to Trump
kill him no none of the above did you
know you sat on your ass and attacked
the wrong country
and I want to point out one other things
notice that in that statement he said by
any means necessary
when Malcolm X says it dangerous radical
and did we need to do something about
that out-of-control black man this guy
john bolton has actually pushed for
successfully wars that have led to the
deaths of hundreds of thousands of
innocent civilians let alone two others
who were killed including US troops yeah
but when he says by any means this year
all what a wonderful tough guy
way to be so one final part of this is
what he had to say about Israel as you
know the International Criminal Court
ICC wants to look into the behavior of
the Israeli government as well the
actions against Palestinians and so
Bolton announced that the State
Department will close the Palestinian
Liberation Organization office in
Washington DC so yes so let me explain
the context before that I remembered
there's a story of me when I was at
hosts like cable news and when I ran
into John bolt I want to tell you guys
that story we're on time right now let's
do it on the postgame for the members
TYT comm /join become a member and and
I'll make sure to tell you that story
and it was a it was actually kind of a
pivotal moment for me yeah anyway back
to the Palestinians in Israel using the
speech is because they're about to
investigate Afghanistan I already too
look we the Conservatives in this
country are already hated the
International Criminal Court
especially the neo cons because of their
historic actions against Israel because
Israel does commit those crimes the
settlements the aggressive actions etc
by the way it's not like the
International Criminal Court says okay
no but the Palestinians we're not gonna
look into them we're gonna be biased no
they look at a both Israel is a state
actor and so they care more about state
actors who are committing these crimes
because they have more control over the
state actors which are in the United
Nations so it's not like Hamas comes to
the United Nations and goes oh I'm gonna
bomb someone do you would you is it okay
or not okay right so so they look at
things that are under their purview
which includes Israel but why now
it's because of what Ana just pointed
out we're closing the pl o--'s office
and because the ICC is about to look
into war war crimes of Israel that the
Palestinian Liberation Office asks the
ICC to look into so this is America
going how dare you know you will accept
our war crimes you will be biased
otherwise you're dead to us
so that's who John Bolton is that's who
Donald Trump is that's who george w
bush's and all these neo cons they don't
speak for America they don't speak for
Israel they speak for their right-wing
brethren who love to start wars commit
war crimes and then cover it up well you
just watch there that speech was the
cover-up so let's take a break when we
come back the story of Les Moonves the
head of CBS and later on in the show we
will discuss the Serena Williams US Open
kerfuffle yes and I will adjudicate I
have some clear answers and but there is
still one thing left to debate as the
whole countries are debating all of it
wrong only one thing but we'll talk
about that when we get to that story a
little bit later in the program get the
whole program of course by being a
member we'll be right back
