so guys we started membership drive last
week you know that and we've been
updating you we're trying to get to
30,000 last week and we did end of
Friday we got the thirty thousand Oh -
okay Oh Oh - anyway so we're gonna tell
you what it is in a second but we're
also reading your comments about it and
there was one criticism of me that I
want to read you guys which i think is
important and interesting and I will
crush the criticizers now I'm kidding
I'll probably agree with them anyway but
first and has a couple of positive ones
all right so Kimberly wrote in and she
said the following Friday I joined as an
activist and also called my senators
about Kavanagh I feel like I'm finally
doing something to make a difference for
our people thank you for being so
truthful in these trying times I'm so
glad I have TYT to keep me sane thank
you so much Kimberly you're awesome I
just want to say real quick look that's
what I love that's my ideal where we're
doing the show we're Houma progressives
you're helping support that you're
getting all the shows in return plus
we're doing something to change the
world together so I love that you called
your Senators so thank you for doing
that you living up to the title activist
Josue said I've been following to i-t
for a few years now and finally decided
to pull the trigger on membership when
Anna and jank did the shimmy
so more shimmies please no no oh oh yeah
we go let's see the number let's sue in
a second okay okay but thank you guys we
appreciate it
although after I read this I don't know
it was shimmy mood but all right now
here comes the criticism and I don't
know why I don't have the name here but
I saw a similar comment on Twitter but
and there were a number of them so I
wanted to address it
hearing Jiang say that it was ironic for
alex jones to imply that marco rubio is
gay because he watches transgender porn
made my heart hurt no it is not ironic
for him to say that it is ironic
suggests that he regards trans women as
men i recognize that it was a subtle
comment but to hear it from a
progressive is so disappointing that
trans women aren't quote real woman is a
harmful and hurtful misconception okay
that's a great point see look that's
what i talked about doing the show
together so you're right about that and
and it and it slipped past me and then
people here also told me the same thing
and i wanted to correct the right
thank you for pointing that out but we
grow together to remember ah I'm pretty
old up 48 and so in in the times that I
grew up and I grew up a Republican I'm
not making it as an excuse I'm
acknowledging and I appreciate you
pointing it out is that helps me get
better right that would have been a very
common thing to think and that's
probably why it slipped out at the time
that it did but it's a great point and
we have to all work together to make
sure that people have a good
understanding of of transgender folks in
this country and and not make comments
like that so I really appreciate the the
useful criticism here and so look did we
get a million troll saying a million
nonsensical things but when there is
valid critique of us where we're
actually happy to receive it so we can
get better absolutely yeah
all right so now let's take a look at
the new number the and let's see the
weekends are slower okay okay so before
we get to the number we were at thirty
thousand and two yes okay
Ellis hooligan so whether we get all
right 413 I think that's good enough
oops wrong one
okay tyq calm /join join the fun I get
all of our shows and help our membership
drive two easy ways follow Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
