you're about to watch my debate with
Tucker Carlson at Politico 2018 if you
want to support the home of progressives
TYT become a member today by clicking
the link in the description box below I
think what we need in America today is a
productive exchange of ideas in such a
polarized time and that's why we're
convening this discussion tonight so
let's bring them out first make some
noise for the founder and host of The
Young Turks jancuga
all right all right thank you I love
poletik on all right and please also
welcome the host of tucker carlson
tonight on fox news
tucker carlson
I told our panelists backstage I think
politican is wrapped up how about you
what do you think about that okay so
just a quick note about format here what
we want to do is have an open dialogue
to focus on the substance to talk about
some of the major issues facing our
country right now and and my role is
going to be to help them get from topic
to topic but I really want you guys to
go back and forth I think that will be
most interesting for the audience and my
one request on behalf of the audience is
that we don't talk over each other we
listen to each other so that way the
audience can hear what you're saying so
let's start with an issue that's in the
news right now that I think gets to some
of the core challenges in our country
and that is on the topic of immigration
and the group of migrants who are coming
to the US border about 5,000 migrants
are on their way and we've heard
President Trump makes statements saying
that they will not be allowed in
obviously it's a major humanitarian
crisis and so on to start with Tucker
you know how do we address this
situation
of people who are definitely suffering a
lot but also don't have visas to come in
how do we start to approach this
situation well I mean you have to create
a hierarchy of imperatives first of all
thanks so much for having me I'm really
glad to be here and in a room full of
people who don't live in Washington with
someone smart to talk to and I'm gonna
really try to be as sort of civil and
polite as I can and maybe my mind will
be changed because in this world things
are changing so fast why wouldn't your
mind change so maybe you can change my
mind I would say on the question of this
group of migrants coming north the one
that came three months ago coming north
the 22 million who are currently living
here illegally it's all sort of species
of the same question which is the first
class I mean there many questions and
one of them is what do you know how do
you help other people and a lot of smart
people run NGOs or thinking about that
and wash
and some are doing a good job others are
not but the main question the US
government has to answer is how do we
enforce our laws voted on democratically
by our Congress and how do we protect
our people the people to whom we have
really the only duty that we have right
I mean the purpose of the government is
to protect you and to help you and again
you know I'm a Christian
and I think I'm a person if not
particularly good food with decent faith
okay so I'm always sort of for helping
people but that but the government's job
is to represent the voters and enforce
the laws that they sent their
representatives to Washington to pass
and that's kind of our job is actually
so our law says that you need permission
to come into this country and that is
the law of every country that is a
country and without that you're sort of
not a country so I mean that you could
ask the obvious question which is you
know there are awful lot of poor people
around the world does everyone have a
right to come here and go on Medicaid I
don't know I mean if you think so let's
speak slowly so I can understand and
let's talk it through and tell me why
where does that obligation come from
exactly is it written in the
Constitution is it in the Bible what you
know what exactly are you saying but
you're not hearing that and said you're
hearing an awful lot of the kind of
moral bullying that has come to
characterize all of our political
conversations where the person you're
debating in this case I'm debating
begins with the presumption of I'm a
better person than you I care more
deeply for these people than you do and
if you were a good person you would
agree with me well I mean that's a
theological debate and I you know I
reserve a huge part of Sunday's for
those but that's not really a public
policy debate there isn't much of a
public policy debate here our laws are
as they are and if you want to change
them and maybe we're about to see that
happen but there's a massive cost to any
government saying because of political
pressure temporary political pressure
we're gonna ignore our own laws then why
can't I go to the law I'd be way more
taxes than I feel like paying are there
all kinds of things that I would like to
ignore
the debate is to billing to be totally
blunt with you other than the virtue
debate which is not interesting let's go
to jank here yeah all right so let's
break it down and backstage we had far
too much agreement so let's break that
up so first of all on the caravan
I feel like Fox News from time to time
touches on it but overall misleads and
I'll tell you why Tucker it makes it
sound like the caravan is gonna come in
and bust through a gate of some sort and
then go ravaging in the country well the
reality is the reason they're in a
caravan is because they're seeking
asylum so if they wanted to sneak into
the country they wouldn't do it in a
giant Caravan so and so when you're
talking about the laws there are also
laws in place on how to seek asylum and
that is exactly what they're following
so that Caravan actually in a way should
be celebrated because they are not going
to cross the border illegally they are
going to go to a port we ask for asylum
now now Donald Trump is suggesting that
we should reject asylum out of hand
without talking to people now that is
not the law and that is not the American
Way
and so and interpret I don't way to take
this the wrong way it's I'm not trying
to compare you or Fox News or anybody to
this I'm just giving an extreme example
of what happens when you don't listen to
people so we've done that in the past in
the 1930s and 40s Jews came here on
boats asking for asylum and we sent them
back
and one particular ship that came to
Florida that was sent back 25 percent of
those people were murdered in a
concentration camp
and God knows would have know there 75%
there's sometimes a good reason to hear
them out and we're asking for something
very simple and that is within the law
hear them out it's not too much to ask
for
so I would and now I'll let the whole
Nazi reference go on remarks upon but I
would say look if I have one criticism
of Americans is they haven't traveled
enough and what I know you have traveled
a lot and one thing you learn when you
travel is there are a lot of really
hurting parts of the world so nothing
that is happening in Guatemala right now
or on Duras or Salvador is unique to
those countries or even to Central
America or Latin America even this
hemisphere that kind of thing is
happening all over the world well for a
bunch of different reasons most of them
political millions upon millions
billions in fact two people are
suffering and desperate and of course my
heart goes out to all of them the
question is what duty does the US
government have to them and I would
argue it doesn't have a duty to them
okay it has a duty to its own people now
that's not again
I think people of goodwill have a lot
they can do to help those people okay I
do think that but the government is
something very different and I would
also argue that there is a cost to this
a cost that the left used to recognize
it was once obvious so I grew up in this
state in Southern California and Cesar
Chavez was a hero I mean we have a day
in California dedicated to his memory
and Cesar Chavez among many other things
he was a serious leftist in economic
life he was a socialist but among many
other things he was passionately in fact
violently anti-immigration why because
he was anti Mexican he was a Mexican
descent of course not because he led a
labor union and he understood that
supply and demand is a real thing and if
you have an overabundance of anything
its value Falls that's why sand is cheap
so if you let people in from poor
countries willing to work for less your
wages fall particularly at the bottom
end among your most vulnerable
this was axiomatic on the left for a
hundred years all of our
anti-immigration laws were the result of
lobbying from organized labor from
Democrats because they had a
responsibility to their people and
Republicans management the people who
owned the fruit companies who hired the
pickers were totally for unrestrained
immigration legal and illegal because it
made their labor costs lower so I would
only say and it's a more complicated
question
just this but this is a huge part of it
it's one of the reasons that wages have
stalled and for some categories of
people high school educated people
they've gone down over the last 30 years
like this is a real thing and last thing
I'll see you if you bring this up
everyone wants to make a race question
out of it you like them because they're
different please some of you that it is
everything to deal with what kind of
country we want to live in do you want
to live in a country or a people with
very little economic power have even
less then open the doors and that's what
you'll get all right so a lot to respond
to there so let's lay down one by one
first of all this is a country and this
is not a cliched truths a country made
of immigrants I'm an immigrant and I
came in in a legal way so and and I and
I want to support that and I want and I
think that that's not a matter of doing
me a favor it's not a matter of doing
someone from Honduras a favor it's a
matter of what is best for the country
and I think immigrants have built this
country whether they were Italian Irish
Chinese Jewish and Mexican yes they had
built this country and so I think it is
a great value to the country in fact is
demagoguery about how immigrants keep
taking from us but the reality is and
every study shows us since a lot of the
undocumented immigrants paying with
Social Security and Medicare as part of
the payroll taxes but never get it out
they actually put more taxes into the
system than they take out of the system
and and so if we're talking about what
is the correct policy to have so there
is a discussion about reflow and in
Congress has gone nowhere but the idea
there was to take indentured servitude
and double it and that if you work here
for fourteen years if you're
undocumented you could have a pathway to
citizenship now the right wing said
that's too lenient I don't know if they
won three times indentured servitude I
don't know but my answer is look can we
at least go back to indentured servitude
so for seven years they work and they
pay their dues have they not done enough
as short enough to become US citizens
that means they're adding to our country
they are not taking away from our
country so that is a proposal that I
believe in and that I will fight for and
and immigrants are our net positive in
almost every way imaginable and also
demagoguery on the issue of criminality
the reality is native-born Americans
unfortunately commit crime at over twice
the rate of undocumented immigrants so
if we're going to kick anyone out it
would be us now about me because I
wasn't born here but but of course we're
not going to do that either because we
all work together and we can win
together now in terms of wages Tucker's
absolutely right that wages have been
stagnant and they have been stagnant
since about 1978 productivity has not
the American worker has been wonderfully
productive it has gone up over 200
percent since that time but if you're
looking to see who took your wages
they'll look down look up
the guy just last out here the guy who
walked in and crossed the border without
a penny to his name did not somehow rig
the rules no the person who rigged the
rules are the ones that are paying the
politicians campaign contributions and
that is what's keeping your wages
stagnant I say I kind of agree with some
of that unexpectedly but I think you're
right I mean I don't blame really
immigrants for anything as people the
policies are not formulated by them the
question is who benefits from our
current system which is clearly totally
dysfunction 20 million or 22 million
north of 20 million people without
papers in your country it's clearly not
working so the question is who's
benefiting from that and there's an
entire political party that hopes to
sort of have a new voter base on the
basis of those people and you have
that's true as you know and I don't
think anyone's hiding it by the way and
if you're for that party I mean I guess
you're for that and then there are also
and I think you alluded to this a lot of
employers who are benefiting from that
but and by the way also right that a lot
of immigrants are in fact exploited I
mean we've created an entire surf class
to serve the day-to-day needs of the
rich like that's just true and by the
way if you want to see the most intense
opponents of changing or fixing our
immigration system talk to like some of
your rich people in my neighborhood and
it's like who's going to walk the dogs
on its soul cycle like that I'm serious
and they have I mean we're doing that
and most people are not benefiting only
a small number is benefiting so look I
would agree with a lot of what you said
it's really the tenor of what you said
it's not their fault but it does get you
a core question which is do you as a US
citizen have the right to have any voice
at all in who comes in because
demographics is like one of the key
questions who lives here again not a
racial question it's a substantive
factual question and I don't think
you'll find many people and
country who opposed to immigration we
have more immigrants aggregate you know
total immigrants in any countries ever
had in peacetime ever okay and you don't
have riots in the streets you don't have
lunatics lots of other countries do
South Africa right now
killing Zimbabweans because they're mad
about unchecked immigration I get it we
don't have that we like immigrants the
question is are we allowed to make the
decision it's our country and in that
hour I would include lots of naturalized
immigrants including you we all have a
right to decide it so to say look I'm
for dinner parties I have lots of dinner
parties I love inviting twelve people
over to my house and having dinner if
you decided who they were or said you're
not allowed to decide who the twelve
people are there wouldn't be a dinner
party would it it would be an invasion
or something it'll be something I'm very
much against so the question is where is
the economic debate I mean and what I
appreciate about your response was you
and I disagree with your numbers but at
least you marshaled them like what is
the economic effectiveness I grew up in
this state when I grew up here it was
the richest out of fifteen at the best
schools out of 50 it had the most
vibrant middle class out of 50 it now
has its 48th four schools it is more
poor people than any state its
infrastructure is crumbling in the
middle classes living in Boise so how
did that happen there are lots of
reasons it happened but the truth is
economics is not magic importing
millions of poor people every one of
them a good person I'm willing to assume
does it make you richer so the rest of
us have a right to have that
conversation that's all I'm saying don't
shut it down with razors to please but
okay let me follow up on that so
so I think I know right California
schools are disastrous because of the
propositions that that did not allow us
to invest in the schools and and now the
private schools have created a rate
which people bring their kids to once
school and then make sure they don't pay
for the other your masters etc and and
so when the Irish were first coming in
they were well no because this is a this
is a this is a situational before you
applaud you vigorously I can win you
listen it's a situation it's a
situational decision so when we had the
largest wave up until recently of
immigration into this country at the
beginning of the last century that was
the industrialization period in this
country who manned the factories who
made the shoes who wove the textiles
immigrants did there was a massive need
for labor and we responded by importing
huge amounts of labour we did until 1924
in which case Americans including recent
naturalized immigrants which I was like
you know what we've had a lot of change
change creates volatility in your
society we had a lot of drama the
progressive movement the Wobblies with a
lot going on in this country like you
know we're shutting it down and we shut
it down from 1924 to 1965 backers were
racist but because we made the decision
now what we're looking at and this is
what drives me maybe craziest is a
landscape totally transformed by
technology by automation
this is not secret knowledge look it up
one of the reasons that people are so
powerless they felt they had to vote for
Donald Trump is because the value of
labor is in steep decline immigrations
part of it technology I would argue
probably even a bigger part of it
huge sectors of the entire economy are
about to be replaced by machines this
will mean massive internal displacement
of workers who have even less power than
they do now into that
you're throwing huge number of new
people and my only question is okay what
are they going to do in a world where a
lot of the jobs now occupied by people
will be occupied by machines and the
answer I get is shut up racist okay fine
that's not actually an answer and we
have an obligation I think if those in
my business so like you know try to like
convince people or whatever to raise the
question and I can't get anybody on
either side to take it seriously at all
and that's when I begin to conclude that
they're totally reckless they don't know
what they're doing almost any of them
they're lying about it and the recce in
the country because that is a very
obvious chain of events that's going to
take place and nobody says it
so when they fall out there at least
psychos so look in terms of do we need
the immigrants now and what cycle are we
in history and in America well a couple
of southern states took a did some raids
took away some undocumented immigrants
and then they panicked because nobody
came and took the jobs whether it was
farming or warehouses and factories etc
and so then they had to change the law
and say ok nevermind they can come back
in so that happened a couple of years
ago and you've seen that so obviously
the end is actually a great number of
examples of that in the country
obviously there is some need for those
workers so when I see those Latin
American workers that have come in I see
the same faces as the Irish and the
Italians and the Jews and all the others
that came in very poor but that made
this country much much richer in the end
and so interpret when you see the word
demographics I think that is what makes
people go hmm what does that mean and so
I genuinely want to ask you about that
so you did a story about hazus in
Pennsylvania and you were worried if a
demographic so that town was changing
why why are you worried about it because
change is really hard rest the first
part I think more interesting part of
what you just said in just a second but
so the demographic question let me just
say out front
I don't ever speak in dog whistles
because I can say whatever I want and I
always do so I so I appreciate the
question because I'm often attacked on
the basis of you know maybe something
and it's been my fault for not
explaining whatever it was fully but let
me just say nothing is in code okay it's
all right out there and my core concern
is change in the pace of change because
I don't think that people are hardwired
for it and so you have a group Homo
sapiens that have lived a certain way if
only like ten thousand years not a big
deal
hand-to-mouth agrarian society booming
Machine Age happens with the invention
of the steam engine something totally
different causes massive displacement
revolutions around the world
the world is enslaved by communism for
70 years in reaction to it and you kind
of catch your breath and then you have
the single the digital revolution or
story changes everything again and so
one of my main maybe my overriding
concern after the wage question is how
much change can people handle actually
before they go crazy and there's a lot
of study on this Robert Putnam at
Harvard who's hardly alright where has
the Bowling Alone guy has done a lot of
really interesting study on this again
he's a liberal but an honest one and
he's like people when they feel
threatened when things have changed too
much they get really angry and tribal no
trust other people and civic
institutions collapse and we're seeing
this across the country so there's a
huge cost to changing everything up for
the benefit of the few and let me tie
that to the first part of your question
which was you said in the south there
were raids on chicken plants Tyson
chicken plants and the iin a sir I said
well we're calling it now comes in and
says you know these people are here
illegally without documentation we're
enforcing the law for once and they
couldn't find labor well who is they
will-they as the chicken plants they is
the employer okay and they couldn't find
labor because they didn't want to pay
market rates to Americans so basically
what they're saying is even though we're
in the United States were company in the
United States about we could say of
Amazon and Walmart for sure and
McDonald's and lots of other big
corporations that the right has defended
for many years unfortunately and now the
Left defends bizarrely they benefit from
all the institutions that make business
possible the rule of law patents like
all the things that we have that other
people don't have
okay and yet they feel like paying the
wages of Tegucigalpa because why
wouldn't they there and then player what
bothers me is that no one ever calls
them out on it so if you off any people
say well he's gonna pick the lettuce or
whatever and I'm not slagging lettuce
pickers I respect anybody who works with
his hands in the Sun of course but it's
not about the picker it's about his
employer so lettuce might cost you know
four bucks a head okay when iPhone cost
a thousand
because like actually things have cost
because they have value because labor
has valued ah so I guess my question is
when did liberals all become libertarian
economists who are lecturing me about
the market and how one thing we can't do
is get in the way of employers finding
the cheapest possible labor what
when did you start defending this and
the answer of course is the big
companies figured out the game and
they're like for a very small price we
can buy the allegiance of the Democratic
Party all we have to do is fund their
nonprofits which they do but more
importantly make a series of totally
hollow symbolic gestures like here are
some new bathrooms I'm for
blacklivesmatter leave me alone and they
have totally convinced your average
college student that they're the cutting
edge of the progressive movement and so
you see this really weird thing that
always blows my mine you go into an
Apple store and shamefully I own Apple
products and you'll walk in and they'll
be like some highly educated you know
kid with two degrees four impressive
schools with a nose ring standing in
this kind of sad spare retail space
wearing a matching uniform thinking
who's part of the revolution and I'm
like dude you're working for the richest
man in the world like used a cog in a
machine you're a total actually and he's
like no I'm not
but I always think like the level of
delusion that they've pulled off
convincing the left foot don't criticise
suicides at Foxconn factories because
hey you know we got you on the dumb
social issues that don't mean anything
and they fall for it it's hilarious
so ticket might be referring to some
corporate Democrats who set out but
anybody that watches The Young Turks
knows we criticize big business plenty
and so so I'm going to use the same
Apple example Apple makes a nice phone I
have one but that doesn't mean they
should pay zero percent in taxes and and
they exactly they just yes
and so they evade taxes all the time and
if you want to get together and enforce
the law against big businesses I'm right
there with you okay so that would be
wonderful that would be a nice change
from that we have in the Republican and
Democratic Party today that will one
more thing on immigration Stoppers so
you say demographic change is scary and
and can be disconcerting and I think
that a lot of people don't see that I
don't see it a lot of people in our
audience don't see it and so they wonder
why folks are so scared
and so they literally don't know the
answer to that if you're saying crime
it's not crime because we talked about
before I give you more stats 110 percent
increase in immigration since 1980 crime
in the country has gone down 36 percent
okay and in the cities where you have
the most undocumented immigrants you
have the least amount of crime and and
and in fact studies have taken out other
factors including poverty and they still
see that undocumented immigrants lead to
less crime not higher chronic okay
so this is a fact that's a fact so then
I don't know what you're scared about
and interpret look you're against as far
as I can tell and correct me if I'm
wrong well you call chain migration with
others called family migration and so
that is as you acknowledge the majority
of legal migration you also get the
lottery and you do the math on that and
you have eliminated eighty-five percent
of legal immigrants but the country is
massively as you just stated in favor of
immigration so if you're against
undocumented immigrants and your guest
legal immigrants and you cite fear and
demography can you see why people then
would be concerned that it's racial and
not based on crime or any other
legitimate factor I mean in in my case I
mean I don't want to be defensive or
anything I don't think I really am very
defensive but I don't actually think
that there's a real look I appreciate I
sincerely appreciate this because I like
an actual adult debate with a smart
person about this but I see that so
really instead I see people coming to
the conversation convinced of their own
virtue and you don't actually so it's a
very simple way to write people off I'm
grateful for a chance to say in public
what I really think about the effects of
change I think it's really disconcerting
and let me just make a point that is too
rarely made and that is that if you have
a big diverse country like this 320
million people no majority of anything
right in the country and you're running
it or you sort of try seeking to
influence people who run it like you and
I are then you really have to think
about like one of the most important
questions to countries hanging together
just through inertia is cuz they do not
I don't actually countries tend to sort
of break apart they spin out into
component parts it's you know it's the
story of history and so what do you need
in a country where nobody no overlong
majority has really anything in common
what you need is a unifying culture
actually a set of ideas
this is very obvious this is not like
you know the name this is this is not
applied physics okay it's super simple
it's true in your life if you have like
nothing in common with your spouse does
it make your marriage stronger because
same language we let me tell you more
for it oh please it sucks your
businesses from military because it's
not true so it's not an insurmountable
problem and we've had that this is not
the first time we've thought about this
in the history the country thought about
a lot during the Progressive Era what do
we all have in common at the time we
decided what we have our founding
documents the Bill of Rights
we have patriotism we have English and
so those are the sort of perfectly great
set maybe you've got other ideas okay
the point is not what are those things
the question is you must have those
things and if you don't you're gonna
break apart then maybe not now but at
some point you will because why wouldn't
you so I would argue that the very idea
of multiculturalism is insane as an
organizing principle of a country not
because I'm against Onan not not because
I'm against other cultures I favorite
thing is to travel and go to different
cultures I think they're super
interesting and a lot of them are great
maybe some better than ours that's not
the point I'm making I'm saying as an
organizing principle of your country you
need to have a common culture another
word another word for a collective set
of beliefs and I sincerely think just
based on being a lot of places around
the world that language is a key part of
that and that used to be you keep
referring to our earlier wave of big
wave the industrial way of immigration
that we had the key thing that we
demanded was fluency in English key not
because we were English chauvinist
English is not a racial category it's a
language shared by people of all kinds
of different cultures it's the language
of Nigeria okay it's just a language but
language is the thing that holds more
than anything else and ask anybody who
grew up in a multilingual country how
about a Canadian not that far away what
happens when you have competing
languages you have inherently division
this is not slowed down this is not a
Republican or Democrat or right-wing or
left-wing issue it's a total
common-sense issue that has been
obscured
reasons I honestly don't understand
maybe by demagogues and bushes but
doesn't matter it's true so if you're
gonna have huge country changing levels
of immigration , and we do , you need to
make absolutely certain that everybody
of every color and every religion is
united in at least something beginning
with language duh yeah so I think this
goes to the core the issue and I think
this is a really interesting
conversation and and so look on here on
English I might not be as doctrine Aryan
as you think I came here with not
knowing any words I knew three English
words but I was hallelujah I was eight
years old and I knew yes no and girl
that's it and and they mean from the
deep water and and and I did not do
English as a second language and you
pick it up quickly and so I get that we
have to have a unifying language India
has a unifying language it's also
English and so I think that there's a
reasonable way to do that I don't think
that you have to throw everybody into
the deep end especially if they didn't
come at the age of eight and everybody
has a different perspective and there's
a way of easing into that but when we
talk about culture well America's
culture is not unique cultural it is by
definition multicultural that is our
culture so I mean look at all the things
that we consider really American pizza
Italian right
age as African American and and I can go
on and on especially in the food
category so and you famously talk about
they said that tacos are American and
not Mexican American culture now that's
the point but Tucker that's my point
multicultural culture perhaps you know
what we're having a debate over word
definitions or perhaps why verbosity is
obscured what I'm really trying to say
but what I'm trying to say is if you
have a country any country particularly
a huge and complex country like ours
where now there is no other there's no
unifying fact okay most countries have
settled down for a second I'll I'll be
right there most contain like that's
what that is a potentially a
vulnerability for us I don't think it
needs to be but we need to address it
thoughtfully you have to have of course
I'm totally opposed stamping out
anybody's culture telling anyone what to
believe I'm just saying the very most
obvious thing which you must have
something in common with everyone else
in your country or why would you be a
country and if you don't think that you
haven't thought about it very much
that's all I'm saying this is a great
conversation and what I love about it is
we didn't mention Trump at all during
that and so I think that's a good
indicator that we're getting deeper into
the issues here good I want to just
transition to the other big topic I
wanted to touch on and in that last
conversation we talked about the role of
big business and Tucker you've made the
point before that you know when we're
over so overly fixated on Trump we miss
out on some of the key underlying forces
and policies that made a country you
know so angry and in Jenk this is a
topic you've talked a lot about in terms
of the systemic corruption that's been
in government that people on the left
and the right have been extremely angry
about Trump talked about drained the
swamp people on the Left say unrig the
system how how would you say we're doing
on that right now
and
what do you think we would need to get
to to actually drain the swamp and then
I want to get your thoughts on that -
Tucker yeah I want to get taco sauce -
I'm very curious about that and I mean
that very very genuinely so because he's
more populous than I think that a lot of
the left given credit for so in terms of
how we're doing miserably it's about as
bad as it can get the corruption is
rampant it has taken over the system
entirely it's an absolute joke that
corporations are human beings that they
have speech rights and that somehow
giving billions of dollars to
politicians whether it's Hillary Clinton
or the Republican Party is speaking to
them
no it's bribing them that's what it is
and so Donald Trump boasts and this is a
very of centas for me to say we're smart
to say drain the swamp you know why
because both Republican and Democratic
and most importantly independent voters
can't stand the corruption and they
can't stand the swamp and they're
absolutely right about that now of
course the problem is Donald Trump is a
pathological liar
and Ida and I don't know if Tucker can
say that or can or will or will not but
he knows it everybody knows it and he
lies every day seven times a day often
times 2 twice in a sentence so when he
said he's gonna drain the swamp what did
he do he came in here a great example he
said all right I'm going to negotiate
Medicare drug prices on their Medicare
this is an outrage well it's a very
popular position on every sensible
person agrees to that and what did he do
he immediately came and said just
kidding it turns out they're bribing me
no I'm not going to negotiate prices I'm
going to do just the same thing as all
other presidents I've done and now mind
you Obama did the same thing now Obama
would have the excuse so while I was
negotiating a complicated deal at cetera
yeah yeah yeah um an ad saying that what
Bush had done was an outrage in not
allowing us to negotiate drug prices and
then you start the same exact deal as
soda Trump Trump's a liar he knows the
corruption he bathes in the corruption
such as bad as it could possibly be and
so my question to you Tucker is do you
believe do you believe in the 20th
amendment to get money out of politics
but I do want to get your thoughts on
money in politics but maybe the way I'll
frame it is you just wrote a book called
ship of fools and you talk about this
self-indulgent culture of elites and the
ruling class so I wanted to say more
about specifically you know who are
those folks what are they doing and then
what types of reforms maybe money in
politics and or other things do we need
to start looking at well let me just say
to the to the Trump question I would
just say a couple things very fast one
you know of all the criticisms leveled
to trump the he's a compulsive liar
thing to me it's the least sort of
interesting I mean actually think that
the truth about Trump is he is what he
seems to be I've known a lot of
politicians and they really are two
different people the person on stage is
you know children or a future in an
offstage as hookers you know they're
totally different chomp is kind of what
we said we wanted I mean he really is
I've known him for 20 years he's come in
the media he's pretty much exactly the
same in person I don't think I mean
maybe you say well he's one-dimensional
and okay whatever okay but sort of have
you watched one of his speeches that's
literally what he's like there's no
other agenda so you either like that are
you donating mixed feelings about it or
whatever I personally think it's maybe
the least it's the least interesting
part of the moment we're going through
and I your question was it's like we're
missing a lot used to drink too much
like way too much and every Sunday
morning I'd wake up for a certain trait
of my life and I like we have no memory
of what happened the night before and so
I'd have to go through through friends
and with my wife like I saw you at the
restaurant what happened then and then
like how do we get home and that's how
all of America's gonna feel when this is
over did you mean the whole society is
being transforming this sort of easy
thing to do and all the dumb cable chin
Tucker's do it it's like it's like part
of me is like really how outraged can
you can you sustain this outrage like
indefinitely before you die of a stroke
baby we'll see what
also kind of not covering the things
that are really happening which is
American society is inverting and the
middle class is dying and like nobody
cares Trump is a cover for everything on
both sides is very and I'm not trust me
I'm not an intellectual but even I am
like this is too dumb even for me as for
the money in politics thing yeah I mean
look it's very frustrating to confront
the truth which is people who have more
money in power have more influence in a
system in which influences must to be
spread equally among everyone
so it's inherently anti-democratic I
just have been in DC for so long and
I've seen all these different schemes to
get money out of politics I'm sort of
template only for all of them I guess
but you bump up right away against this
thing called speech so can you really
tell someone he's not allowed or she's
not allowed to express political views
during a certain period it's like
actually you can't so it's even more
complicated but I would say it's even
more complicated because the real threat
to the democracy of a campaign finance
system is stupid I mean I probably
nothing you say I disagree with but I
don't think it's the real threat the
real threat is the massive
concentrations of power outside
government so I grew up a conservative
you know pretty pretty doctrine I guess
for a doctrinaire conservative and I was
taught my whole life it the real threat
to Liberty was the federal government
cuz it was powerful entity right that's
not at all the case I mean the beauty of
the federal government is it's so
inefficient that it takes a long time to
hurt you because they could get their
act together I mean the people are in
the post office are not in the end an
existential threat to you because
they're too lame okay Google is not
weighing Google's technology so for
Google right now for just give you one
of the thousand examples has 20,000
engineers working just on its search
feature
okay these are people with advanced
degrees make between two and five
hundred grand a year just on Google
search for 20 thousand of them there has
never been a technological entity or
entity of any kind as powerful as Google
now I'm not saying Google is evil though
I think increasingly I do think that
they are but even if they want that is
too much power in the hands of too few
with no transparency whatsoever at the
heart of Google is the algorithm and
nobody knows what it is you don't need
to be way bradbury to think through what
might happen if they decided to subvert
democracy or two rear ank search results
what effect would that have on voting
patterns you reach the conclusion very
quickly if you think about it they'd be
in control of your country that is a
huge threat to all of us and it's not
just Google of course it's many other
tech platforms that basically control
speech in effect and so in the face of
this you have Republicans Republicans
are so easy to control all you say is
markets and like oh I'm so I'm so sorry
did I criticize the free market I you
know what monsignor forgive me
and then Democrats are very easy to
control - you're just like look we'll
help you keep power and they're like oh
cool all right so what about everybody
else we stand on the brink of having a
democracy that doesn't mean anything
because in the end our collective powers
expressed in government has been totally
outclassed by private power in the
technology sector and no one is saying
anything
Wow so who thought trust Buster Tucker
passage from the Progressive Era so
Teddy Roosevelt would be proud and I
appreciate that I do I'm being
completely genuine I think that this is
a really interesting conversation and a
lot of ways far more interesting than
the ones I've had in the past of
conservatives at protic on we're having
real exchange of ideas here okay and and
so if you say there's too much power in
in corporate America you are a hundred
percent right and in terms of and that
is why I was opposed to TPP and that's
one of the few things that Trump has
done that is good maybe for the wrong
reasons but it's okay I'll take it we
allowed corporations to write that back
that's insane
and for a long time we didn't even let
our representatives see it they're like
don't know the corporation's are writing
it piss off
are you crazy are you insane that's not
how democracy is supposed to work so I
like that but but I'm curious I want to
delve into the issue of money out of
politics a little bit more so you seem
concerned about corporate power
you said limiting people's right to
speak would be problematic
I don't think so I'll explain why
because I don't think it's really an
unfair burden on the right to speak but
how about corporations do you think
corporations should have the right to
spend unlimited money in politics I
don't know I mean I'm not that yep no I
guess yes no I don't know I mean to be
totally honest with you
you're winning me over keep going you
know I know that this spins up the left
more than anything and like corporations
are people or whatever yeah okay yeah I
guess I agree but I would just work
backward and say I don't think the
problem this it's the straightforward
stuff that never scares me and that's
why Trump doesn't really rattle my cage
I'm against actually I'm not a populist
to be honest with you I think populism
is a symptom with the people in charge
have really screwed up and and it's a
warning sign that it's gonna get crazier
unless we fix the underlying problems so
I'm not actually a populist I
acknowledge that every society is
hierarchical hierarchical and always
will be so I'm not that afraid of some
because I think he's so straightforward
a knight and I'm not that afraid
actually of like conventional political
advertising because I'm not afraid of
people talking about what they think or
disseminating a message or whatever what
I'm really afraid of is things happening
beneath accountability and beneath the
sight of the public things happening in
secret both because I think that's
inherently subversive but also because
it shakes people's faith that the system
is on the level and and our system is
basically faith-based the other reason
it's a stable country is because of our
democracy so people get super frustrated
right but in the end this well taught us
children growing up here don't burn the
Bastille or storming the police that you
know don't go crazy actually you just
vote and that has been a that has been
the pressure relief valve that has kept
the country stable if all of a sudden
people come to believe the system is
rigged
then you're toast and the reason I'm
kind of not giving you a straight answer
on the corporate stuff is because I am
deeply more than anything my my concern
my main concern right now is speech and
I think a lot of the reforms and you've
seen this with the social media
platforms a lot of the reforms in
response to the 2016 election have in
fact been attempts to scrub speech and
so I'm worried about campaign finance
reform I'm not worried about that I
guess but I just I'm hyper vigilant
about the people writing the laws
writing them in such a way that any
ken won't have the right to express his
or her political views that we have to
walk backward from that okay so like
whenever you're trying to figure out
like what's the wise course you need to
keep in your mind's eye in the process
what is the goal like what is the one
thing that we can never sacrifice okay
we're not throwing out a lifeboat and it
has to be speech because that's the
foundation of everything you have no
power if they can control what you say
because controlling what you say is
tantamount to controlling what you think
and so we need to be totally paranoid
about that in fact more paranoid than
ever because it turned out the people we
relied upon to fight that fight for us
folks like the ACLU
have completely gone over to the other
side and all of a sudden they're like
well actually some speech some speech is
so horrendous that like decent people
won't allow it and my forces will hear
the decent people exactly and when the
criterias are using to determine what's
acceptable not like this whole road is
not a word we ever even want to venture
on you don't get to decide but I think
period
there's no circumstance under which you
can say what I'm allowed to think period
and all of a sudden you have people but
what if it's really heinous okay you
don't get to define hey mrs. Powell only
I can define it and you can't stop me
and that's what makes this a unique
country rules I'm a market economy
it's our justice system it's our
interstate highway system its speech
we're the only country that has it and
run the cusp of getting rid of it
so I actually feel just as fervently
about speech and I want to pose a
question back to you in a second but
when you ask about what is the goal for
me the number one goal right now so
reclaim our democracy yeah and so right
now what we have is an oligarchy of the
few that have bought almost all of our
politicians and so can we limit can we
have some reasonable limitations on
speech well of course you can't yell
fire in a crowded theater and every
other developed nation does not allow
the rampant legalized bribery that we
allow so when you say well I mean I
don't mind political ads so it depends
doesn't it because it is a giant giant
megaphone and it could drown out all
other speech so that's why I am vigilant
about it so I'll give you an example
that I think most lyrium can relate to
Washington posted a good story about how
the Clintons had gotten raised three
billion dollars over their careers okay
they race it through their foundation
through campaign donations and actually
right into their pockets okay now people
did not give the Clintons three billion
dollars for their health they just
didn't they did it to bribe them okay
and and and and corporations don't give
you money out of the goodness of their
heart for or for charity they do it for
return on investment and so and the
first time that you do a politician it's
an experiment the second time they give
to a politician it was a good investment
and that unfortunately describes most of
our politicians so what did the Clintons
buy with that three billion dollars they
bought a giant megaphone and yes it
Donald Trump overcame it because he got
five billion dollars in free media in
the election cycle five billion okay
that megaphone every other Democratic
contender they were crushed by that
microphone and the reality is the
Clintons shut out the speech of all
other people with the bribes that they
received and I cannot abide by it I
cannot abide by it
we need our democracy back so and I and
I don't want you to get the wrong idea
that I just speaking on Democrats
obviously the Republican Party isn't on
the national level is about 99.9%
corrupt they take the money they do
their bidding they're the most corrupt
party and in in American history so but
on the issue speech so there can be
reasonable regulations every other
developed country does it but I prefer a
guy who's just visual and about
protecting speech I am curious and again
this is genuine why you don't support
the free speech rights of Colin
Kaepernick
I was just wearing if like Nike pitchman
had enough power in our society um I
think he's okay
I've never challenged his speech rights
I mean ever I've never challenged
anybody's speech rights
I mean you there's not a wacko I
wouldn't defend on speech grounds and I
have defended a lot of crazy people and
speech grounds including Colin
Kaepernick I think is a buffoon whatever
I don't think it's that my problem my
problem with Kaepernick relates back to
what I was saying earlier about what
unites us and our I mean it's just it's
inherently to borrow a term from the
academic left problematic to have a
ruling class that hates the country it
rules and so you can't actually you you
really have to sort of buy into all the
hokey patriotic stuff if you're in
charge almost by definition you really
have to you can't put your hand over
your heart and recite the Pledge of
Allegiance in the star think of a new
set of of whatever of symbols to honor
if you like those make up new ones but
you have to have those things or else
you can't lead because you can't lead
people you don't care about actually
empathy is a prerequisite for leadership
if you don't love your children they may
wind up in rehab if you don't if you're
an officer and don't care about the
safety of your men they will die if
you're an employer and you really don't
care about your employees like your
company will fail I'm not making a
touchy-feely point I'm making a
practical one we the people who run the
country who derived the greatest benefit
not simply talking about a political
class talk about a finance class to name
one among a couple examples the the tech
oligarchs these are people who have deep
contempt for the population in the
country and we're not even making a mold
judgement about that like lots of people
have ideas and attitudes I hate I'm
saying it doesn't work you may run the
country into the ground unless you
really care and they really don't and
the Kapernick thing is just like super
it is so cynical if you want have a
conversation about police brutality I
used to be a police reporter I think
it's a super interesting topic I think
anyone with power including cops can
misuse it that's the worst case scenario
totally opposed to it okay let's be
honest this is like it's a sideshow okay
that makes a certain kind of person feel
virtuous for supporting said about
speech again I would never I would never
challenge his speech rights in a million
freaking years let's eat echo and I'm
giving the perspective of other folks
here which is that for a year it seems
like a sign show but for African
Americans who are being jailed and
killed disproportionately it is not it's
not a it's not a curiosity so for
example 67 show and I'm not I just wanna
be totally clear cuz I can sometimes
talk too fast too expensive I'm not
saying it so I said I was a police
reporter I think that people abused her
power cops included I don't think the
issue is a sideshow I'm just saying like
this rich guy pretending to speak for
African Americans like spare me you know
what I mean no you're saying but but who
is going to speak for them is is the
media gonna is the media going to pay
attention to a guy who a middle class
guy to a poor line date they paid no
attention whatsoever and so people
objected the rate of Colin Kaepernick
did it well oh my god he did in the
middle of the national anthem why did he
do in the know the national anthem to
get your attention and the reality is
that's the only thing that works when a
rich guy who's a famous athlete there's
something in the middle of something
that you're paying attention to and so
now we should have that conversation
about police brutality
Americans perfectly done by cohn
Japanese I mean that's sort of a fair
point in that there's symbolic figures
you call attention to an important issue
who haven't mastered the tales and I get
I get that I mean they don't you know I
don't I don't think that Rosa Parks was
it can expert in the Civil Rights Act
but that doesn't make her less a
powerful a symbol or less important to
figure in American history so I think
that's a fair point I guess what I'm
saying is we haven't had that
conversation about police brutality and
race at all because I'm so freakin
terrified to say anything that no one
can talk about anything you have to sort
of just nod and be like yeah whatever
the piety of the day is I don't disagree
in any way I'm not gonna ask any
questions because I'd be disobedient you
punish me it's like we don't have real
conversations because people are
terrified they're going to be punished
if they enter conversation - the first
question I would ask is it database
question which shouldn't scare any of us
the facts should never scare us and
because we live in a large
industrialized society that's most
sophisticated in human history we have a
ton of data on everything
how many kids heard on seesaws last year
it's knowable how many people you know
do you die younger from smoking menthol
cigarettes the unfiltered we know that
there's nothing we don't know okay
so numbers don't tell the whole story
obviously but there's a starting point
for real conversation so how common is
this our white officers more likely to
fatally shoot black suspects than black
officers are I don't know those if you
even say that it's like I don't want to
know
stop with that spooky science stuff I've
my mind the only way that you solve a
problem is by honestly talking about it
with the sum total of what you know
about it and that's exactly what we
cannot do because the purpose is not to
fix the problem it's for some people to
feel like good people as opposed to all
of them and others to maintain their
control over the population so if we
were having like a vigorous debate like
oh my gosh you John Jay College of
Criminal Justice tell you this a lot and
here's what they found and here's the
three things we should do to fix it dude
I'm for that that's the opposite of what
we're having we've got Nike ads
that won't fix it amazingly have run out
of time that hour just flew by really
time total yeah we're already over time
I'm just going I know we're just getting
started
I mean first of all that wasn't fun I
mean let me ask you all a question
where else you get to see this kind of
conversation seriously and
I again want to thank politican for
convening this type of discussion and
the last thing I'll just mention before
you all head out we've talked a lot
about corruption the most important
thing we can do to get rid of that
corruption is to vote in this midterm
election and to tell your elected
leaders that you care about this issue
so in a thank our panelists Tucker
Carlson
Genki ogor for a great discussion Thank
You Politico and thank you all of you
make sure you go home safely and go vote
this November thank you very much
