look some guys anime stream media are
smart and I'll give Dave Wagle a shout
out here he he's been following this
probably the closest of anyone in the in
the press and obviously the intercepts
done a wonderful job
Ryan Graham's there tonight he's doing
it for the Young Turks but he's also of
course a huge part of the intercept and
they've done a great job falling this
they don't really mainstream media
anyway but for all those guys it's
amazing that they haven't caught on if
if I was the New York Times after
missing Ocasio Cortes like that was not
that far let's so said so I and I will
have to ask Ryan I think we're gonna
talk to him later trying maybe they are
there but you know if I was a Washington
Post I'd sent someone because I think
like when he said like incumbent losing
at sentencing would be huge and if
she--if Kerry does win afterwards though
but guys are right but are you not
paying attention she could obviously win
look at all these upset victories that
progressives I've had one after another
after another and are you not savvy
enough to realize how small state
Delaware is and hence the volunteers
that progressive army shows up with
could make a big big difference in a
small state yeah and I think the answer
is largely no they're not that savvy
yeah it appears that dave has been
trying I've noticed him tweeting out
articles from some of the reporters at
the intercept we had a couple yesterday
and man this fly by yesterday we had a
each ava's of the intercept on who's
been following many of these races to to
break down David Garcia in Arizona and
he's been tweeting out those links and
stuff like that so he apparently is
trying to to keep up with this I don't
know in terms of like the big cable
shows and stuff like that you know they
were all in a rush to have Alexandra
cross to Cortese on after she won but I
don't know I mean did they do that with
Gilliam before his race did they do that
with I enterprise did they do that with
anyone honestly I don't know so even in
that situation where they appeared to be
scrambling to at least appear to have
learned a lesson I don't know that they
did learn the lesson they didn't apply
it in the next month or two
yeah no no it doesn't seem like they
applied it at all so and obviously a
Carey Harris has been has a ton of
volunteers some of the just Democrat
leaders
went to her race like they did with a
Picasso Cortes so that's why we again
are a little bit optimistic about this
given the a lot of the right metrics
lining up on her side
and metrics that that traditional press
might not pay much attention to but that
has proven decisive in these elections
not hopeful thinking you guys have seen
it in election night after election
night and how it's made a difference by
the way another fun cool fact I'll get
to that in a second
the results are supposed to come in now
are there any results I just checked a
second ago I don't see results I did
want to say something because you talked
about the traditional metrics that they
pay attention to and one thing that it
really shocks me about the media is
obviously when it comes to these races
if they talk about primaries which they
didn't generally don't as we often say
what they will talk about is how much of
money you've been able to raise and they
talk about that a lot but even with all
the time that they spend on how much
money they raise they don't break it
down any farther than the sheer amount
like so I you said you predicted that he
had gotten about 4% from small dollar
donations it's 2.86 percent according to
open secrets like I found that in 30
seconds what how do they not even
mention that like okay you say he's
raised you know two million dollars or
whatever okay how much of that was
coming from actual people and the thing
was it it's bad in two ways first of all
smells at the small dollar donations
below $200 is less than 3% but even
large individual contributions which are
still extensively people that's 35
percent 62 percent just comes from PACs
yes as divorced from actual human
experience as money can possibly be and
that breakdown that we just revealed for
you have you ever seen that on CNN or
MSNBC it's not complicated
I didn't even script anything we didn't
have any graphics to show you yeah no I
look he said sometimes I feel bad saying
it I don't revel in it at all but I
really think they're not very good at
their job and I know that that they
would probably be deeply offended at
that and and I that's why I feel bad
saying but it's true I mean if you are
telling people Tom Carper is the you
know presumed
winner and and you have this now he's in
a coma so it's a little bit different
but even with non-incumbent races they
just say whoever has more money is more
likely to win okay that's a fair point
okay but then you got to move on to the
next layer they do frame it as if that
means that they are somehow popular and
that's what they said about Jeb Bush I
mean how many times have you have to be
wrong before you realize hey maybe money
is not an indication that you're popular
and that there are other factors
involved and it depends on the race if
it's a sleepy race in the middle of
Wyoming that nobody's paying attention
to and one guy has ten times the amount
of money is the other one another one
doesn't have volunteers or doesn't have
anything to hang his head on yeah he's
toast he's gonna lose okay so on the
other hand if there are other factors
like Jeb Bush has a lot more money than
Donald Trump and others in the
presidential race but there's so much
free media in a presidential race so
that money doesn't matter as much can
you just go one more layer to do that
analysis yeah and time after time the
establishment media doesn't and I might
be because you've you know it might be
because of their financial situation and
hey we we like those political
advertising that goes to us and that's
money in our pocket and so it's not that
Wolf Blitzer thinks that our Anderson
Cooper thinks that it's just a top-down
mentality that soaks into the
organization and it might just be that
they're not very good at their job like
that does Anderson Cooper understand
this concept of John talked about he's
never talked about it on air I'm sure he
gets it he just doesn't think about it
and or doesn't talk about it the very
nor and and most importantly whatever
his intent is or his intellect is or his
acumen is in regards to politics he
certainly doesn't care he doesn't think
it's a relevant thing to discuss that
all the money is coming from PACs and so
that is people looking to buy your votes
yeah and in fact I remember Anderson
Cooper's derisively skeptically asking
Bernie Sanders are you saying that
Hillary Clinton taking money from these
organizations might mean that that
affected her vote yeah and and you know
Bernie's too nice of course you know
what I would have said god damn right
that's what I'm saying right I think she
is
mentally corrupt and the American people
know it and you know buy something
unless you want to own it yes and you
the point I always make that I have to
confess I haven't seen anywhere else
it maybe it's because I come from a
business background I went to business
school I run a company is that you don't
give a second time unless you got return
on investment and so Tom Carper for
decades has been taking money from
corporations because they keep getting
return on investment yeah and the and
the cnn's the MSNBC's of the world never
ever talk about MSNBC and primetime is
theoretically progressive when's the
last time you saw them talking about hey
look this Democrat is taking all this
PAC money is taking all this corporate
money well obviously they're they're
getting something in return
never almost never it's not because
they're bad people Chris Hayes is a
really good guy he's a really smart guy
but it's top-down it's just the whole
organization says don't pay attention to
that but in races like this them not
paying attention to it might catch up
with them too easy wasteful Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
