welcome everyone to another episode of
the damage report I'm Johnny Ola and we
are now in day three of the Cavanaugh
hearings and just in a time when we're
doing our production for the show things
have really heated up with calls to
bring it which we'll be breaking down
but it's also been hot from the first
day when I believe 72 protesters were
arrested at those cabinet hearings and I
am thrilled that we are joined in studio
by one of perhaps the most high profile
of those arrestees actress and activist
Piper Perabo is joining us in studio it
is great to have you here I've been
following you and your social media
activism for quite a long time and
you've actually put your body on the
line in this case because of your
concerns about Cavanaugh and what he
would represent on the Supreme Court so
we've got a lot that we're gonna talk
about today not just with Cavanaugh but
many topics but on Cavanaugh I do want
to start with your experience what was
your goal in protesting his nomination
hearing I felt like because Trump is an
unindicted co-conspirator in a felony
charge that he shouldn't be allowed to
appoint judges right now and they're
rushing this through and we don't have
the votes to stop it and so I had to do
something and you can't just sit on
Twitter and say you disagree eventually
you have to do something and an activist
that I know Audie Barkin had said to me
one time getting arrested is a privilege
because it requires citizenship and bail
and time and you can't you have to be
okay missing work and so I ever since
you said that to me I thought oh I'm
gonna wait until something is really
important and then I'm gonna get
arrested for it yeah it certainly is I
mean you know people who are working you
know one two three jobs can't
necessarily afford enough time to vote
let a long time to spend a few nights in
jail so yeah so I appreciate you you're
doing that and you were what you're one
of many who were arrested what was the
reaction like to what happened do you
mean in the room in the room at the time
but also you know how if people greeted
that action since then uh in the room it
was I was kind of scared I wasn't never
been arrested before and that room was
packed that morning I mean like to the
rafters in all the galleys there was so
much press every seat was taken and in
general I don't
we believe in interrupting so I was
really nervous too but uh but once it
started then it was just sort of we were
doing what we had planned to do where
each person would stand up and say why
they objected to this nominee and so
once we started it was easier and then
after it happened you know the police
take away all your possessions when you
get arrested so there were hours that
went that I didn't know what was going
on in the hearings or yeah but when I
got out people were it was kind of a
mixed reaction I mean my friends and
family were really supportive and then
of course on Twitter you know you get a
lot of trolls and haters yeah and
there's a there's a particular component
of that reaction that I want to focus on
but I believe we also have some video of
the actual arrests happening so why
don't we roll that
a little bit rough there yeah your arm
yeah well police officers yes civil
disobedience I guess we've seen worse
yeah okay so you you referenced haters
and you know some people protest is an
interesting thing because of course it's
it's one of the most important rights
that we have and responsibilities that
we have as Americans to make our voice
heard in a variety of different forms
but there's so many protest movements
that the right just does not accept I
mean we're gonna talk later on the show
about Colin Kaepernick and you know
those protests in the NFL the black
lives matter movement
you know Occupy Wall Street all of these
movements and including at the the
Senate confirmation hearings then that
that they don't believe our
representations of free speech are you
exercising your rights and in particular
one thing that I keep hearing and I
believe there were some politicians
saying as well is that these women are
hysterical
they are just just hysteria they're
yelling they're shouting they're being
emotional what do you think about that I
don't really like the word hysterical
because it implies that you're
emotionally out of control but I think
one of the powers that women have is
that we're emotional I don't think we
need to hide it or apologize for it I
think it moves people when you see
people that are emotional because
they're so passionate about what they
care for and I don't think we as women
or as people need to not get emotional
when that's how you're feeling I mean I
think you need to try and conduct
yourself appropriately or professionally
depending on the situation but we're
performing civil disobedience and
getting pulled out of the room by a big
cop so like we're gonna raise our voices
and the idea that what you're doing is
just being emotional it's not about your
concerns about what he'll represent on
the court over the next two three or
possibly four decades you're just just
being emotional I mean only you know
where he stands on the issues I mean I
am emotional but I'm emotional about
those issues I'm emotional about my
equal rights I'm emotional about voting
rights I am emotional yeah yeah and
we've broken down the history of the
term hysterical and how it's been used
in the past on the show before it almost
only gets apply to women which I find to
be very interesting so I want to talk a
little bit more
this area because there's multiple areas
of concern about Brett Kavanaugh the the
fight over the future of roe v wade is
perhaps the largest and I saw that you
had tweeted out earlier today an excerpt
from an email that he had sent now he
has been saying from the beginning of
these hearings I'm going to be just a
fair neutral judge roe v wade is the
stated law of the land and you know I'm
just gonna take things as I see him
but if we can bring up this first
graphic you're gonna see part of that
email and a focus on that the section
that you had circled at the bottom
saying I am not sure that all legal
scholars refer to row as the settled law
of the land at the Supreme Court level
since court can always overrule its
precedent and three current justices of
the court would do so the point there is
in the inferior court point so he goes
on to other points but what he's saying
there is he doesn't actually think that
it's a settled law of the land or that
this being the settle all the line
actually matters and so I am curious if
you pointed out that we don't currently
have the votes necessarily change that
although we've got the phone number at
the bottom to hopefully put pressure on
some senators who might how much faith
do you have that if he gets on the court
by the end by 2020 by 2024 roe v wade
will even exist whoa I'm sorry to hit
you with it yeah I mean like I'm just
still like if he gets on the court like
you know he says in the hearings that
there's precedent unprecedent because of
row and then Planned Parenthood and and
that he just was gonna follow precedent
but you can tell and you can tell that
that's not true at how he personally
feels and he's sort of relying on this
thing that I think Ginsburg started
where they don't answer except based on
precedent and so he could sort of hide
behind that and so we need these
documents so that we can see how he
really feels
and also Trump said that he wants to
pick a judge that would overturn it so I
feel sure that he will Trump had said
during the campaign that he wants there
to there should be punishment for
getting an abortion yeah and I mean I
think what we can do if he gets on the
court is really focus on our state
legislatures because that's who's gonna
decide the law in your state and it's
gonna all go to the states and so then
that's why it's so important in these
primaries and in the midterms that you
don't just vote at the top of the ticket
but you really look at your state
legislature because
that's who really decides what's going
on for you especially in an
administration like this yeah and
hopefully people are paying attention
there have been a great a great number
of candidates at the state legislature
so you know state house state Senate
level that it was just awesome and we've
been we've been profiling many of them I
don't know if you know but we've been
doing live primary election coverage for
every single one of the primaries so far
and we'll be doing so tonight for
Delaware there's some great candidates
who will be voted on tonight as well in
the States I think you rightly point out
if he gets on the core if the war
against roe v wade moves to its next
phase the the states are going to be the
place where we can potentially avoid
some of the damage but they're also
cause of concern for me because while he
can say that it's the set of law of the
land if you live in a lot of parts of
the country right
especially Texas what does that set of
law of the land even mean at the state
level they've continually taking chunks
out of the protections that you have
your reproductive rights mean less every
year than they did the year before you
might have to drive 500 miles and that's
not possible for many people you might
have to go two days in a row you might
have to pay large amounts of money you
might have to sit through purposefully
emotionally damaging and generally false
presentations of information and images
and all of that and this is one of your
fundamental rights that you've had for
longer than I've been alive well Carla
Harris said to him yesterday to
Cavanaugh do you know of any law that
stops that deals with a male body male
body male health and he sort of said no
I can't think of any exactly that was a
great point by her I've tried since then
to come up with something to play
devil's advocate not not entirely sure
there's not a lot of I don't know in
terms of actually something so
consequential that the the effect that
the government power has over you is
that your life is totally different one
way or the other I don't think there's
anything like that and we just take it
as a given a significant portion of the
country that we should have that power
for women I think if there was a law
where the government could have say over
a man's body just perhaps perhaps if
you've been following along with these
Cavanagh hearings and you'd like to have
your voice be heard you can of course
tweet us we love hearing from you but
perhaps more importantly your senator
should hear from you and you can call
Tuesday
- 8 0 4 8 1 9 1 2 contact your senator
and hopefully put some pressure on them
to vote the right way when it comes to
Kavanagh now back to those hearings you
would reference my per the McConnell
Harris
question of him that he did not have an
answer for we do have that video for you
so here it is can you think of any laws
that give government the power to make
decisions about the male body I'm happy
to answer a more specific question but
male versus female there are medical
procedures I mean the government that
the government has the power to make a
decision about a man's body I thought
you were asking about medical procedures
that are unique to men I can I'm not a
I'm not a thinking of any right now that
seems like an opportunity for a little
bit of self-reflection analysis at a
deeper level than just that one question
about the relationship between the
government and women's bodies I don't
think he's actually gonna have that
moment no although he had it right there
on camera so like um I've never thought
about this in my life you could see all
the wheels spin and imagine like I mean
I I have been unable to come up with one
because one does not exist I mean about
it I've tried I've tried harder than
Brett Kavanaugh but like it's not like
they couldn't I am on a day-by-day basis
wrecking my body with my addiction of
sugar the government could step in and
we'd probably save a lot in health care
spending but they don't they don't
control that and that's less
consequential than whether I would bear
a child but of course they don't do that
okay know what Oh
feel how he's gonna say like Senator
Harris very good she's amazing I pray
that I never asked the tough question
because I will wilt under that pressure
yeah me too
so we also mentioned a new video showing
at least to me a different angle on the
first day of the hearings the
interaction between Fred Guttenberg
who's appeared on this show obviously
the father of one of those slain in the
Parkland shootings with Brett Kavanaugh
an opportunity for Cavanaugh to be the
good family man we keep hearing that he
is he cares about
family well here is a family that has
been torn apart by gun violence let's
see how he responds
who approaches Cavanaugh with a friendly
look on his face reaches out his hand
and Cavanaugh turns and now in that
video we can see his face better with a
look that to me reads as disgust well
and it looks like from the video that he
says like I'm Fred Guttenberg I'm Jaime
spot you know what I mean like yeah and
nothing it's so heartless yeah you're
sick I was like - superior disdain it's
so gross he does he does a thing come
back to me this is this is the thing
that guys can do to show disdain and
superiority if you do that yeah that is
a that is an arrogant thing to do for no
reason
and no clothes you know what I mean I'm
a suit yeah he's wearing a suit too and
he's also gone through a terrible
experience and you supposedly care about
gun violence you don't necessarily want
to do anything about it but you say that
it's a bad thing yeah so there's
thoughts and prayers and not shaking a
hand those are the three things the the
three pillars of the rights approach to
gun violence there so that is
unfortunate but I do want to turn to one
of the sort of breaking interactions in
day three of these hearings and that was
cory booker you're talking about it
before the show actually quite an
exciting moment where there's so many of
these documents that they refuse to
actually let the senators see but not
not let us see obviously that's never
gonna happen they won't even let the
senators see and one of those is being
held back because supposedly it has to
do with national security well Cory
Booker says it doesn't have anything to
do with national security has to do with
racial profiling and you can't have it
we can't see it except that he might
actually be willing to break the rules
and then this happened officer or
employee of the Senate who shall
disclose the secret or confidential
business or proceedings of the Senate
including the business and proceedings
of the committees subcommittees and
offices of the Senate shall be liable if
a senator to suffer expulsion from the
body and if an officer or employee to
dismissal from the service of the Senate
and a punishment for contempt so I bring
up I would correct the Senators
statement there is no rule there is
clearly a rule that applies
Yzerman and bring the charges so we
don't often here bring it dropped bring
it yeah so he was um he's willing to
potentially face some sort of
consequences expulsion which almost
certainly will not happen although we do
live in crazy times so who knows to have
this information be made public how did
you react to seeing that this morning I
mean that's the first time I seen the
clip I just heard about it but even I
mean that there said that there are
documents of the Senators can't see is
so insane but even the fact that the
public can't see them because if the
public can't see them a senator can't
ask a question in a public forum so
anything that the public can't see they
can't ask Cavanaugh about in these
hearings because we're watching so I
mean I'm just against this not letting
us see the documents this is supposed to
be like an open hearing for a Supreme
Court justice will decide the law of the
land for all of us so we need to see
these documents and I I love that I mean
I'm from New Jersey so I love the Booker
said bring it yeah I don't I don't
necessarily III I questioned a lot of
Cory Booker's moves because we
acknowledged you know he's running for
president that obvious that's gonna
shape the actions of everyone so I don't
wanna be too hard on him there and if
you I guess if you if you start acting a
certain way to run for president years
later at a certain point it becomes a
little bit indistinguishable from just
how you actually active writing on for
years but we can still analyze every all
of these actions with a critical eye to
but what he's doing there is good if it
provides more information I think that's
a good thing well and I haven't seen the
rest of it but what I was told was that
other senators stood with him and said
we're were in agreement with him so it's
not like he's just acting on his own
the it's a collection of people they
believe this I saw dick Durbin had said
something and also one of the Centers of
Hawaii I believe is on the karana and I
think Feinstein 205 sang did as well I
didn't see that which is certainly good
we need more of this information and
they're trying to get more information
and also when they say it's a national
security thing Bush said you can release
those documents it was they were written
under his under w's presidency yeah
doesn't seem to matter to them right now
in the Senate anyway and especially when
it comes to Kavanagh a guy who has lied
multiple times under oath about knowing
about the enhanced interrogation torture
tactics under Bush he said that twice it
turned out he had lied he had talked
about it
in the Bush White House four years
earlier than he admitted to so this is a
guy that we have no reason that we would
give him the benefit of the doubt he is
a known liar even under oath even in
hearings like this and so we need the
information if he's not going to be
forthcoming and he obviously won't be he
refuses to anything that's a
hypothetical he won't answer well these
are all hypothetical situations you're
not there yet it's in the future and
it's common that justices won't answer a
hypothetical but so the only way we can
know how they feel is these documents
and they're and that's how we get the
information yeah so otherwise what are
we doing in these hearings I don't know
and you are a hundred percent right it
is common for them to do it and that
needs to end I think so you don't you
you exercise more power than anyone
other than the President and perhaps
over a long enough period of time more
than the president so no you don't get
to just hide in hey we're gonna roll the
dice and I hope we get a good one I
don't find that to be acceptable when it
comes to the Supreme Court I I mean I
understand when Justice Ginsburg said
she can't rule on a hypothetical chest
of all the information I understand that
but then what are we doing in these
hearings we have to redo the format of
how we're gonna talk about a Supreme
Court justice if all we're gonna do is
say I can't answer a hypothetical then
it's nonsense what we're doing yeah and
I can understand a particular case might
have some specific things about it that
you would need to know but do you
believe a woman should have a right to
an abortion that's pretty specific and I
think that you know I think the
Cavanaugh's thought about that a few
times do you believe the president can
be subpoenaed yes or no yeah and he
wouldn't answer that which to me is an
answer and it's just do you believe
we're not saying we're gonna rewrite the
law right now based on your answer we're
just trying to gauge what kind of judge
you would be yeah especially in the in
the times that we're living in Donald
Trump is under investigation his
approach to investigations of the
president seems incredibly important
especially because he was chosen after
that investigation started it was not
lost on Donald Trump that this guy might
need to vote on whether he can be
subpoenaed investigated beat whatever so
very important there but anyway we
return to the Cavanaugh hearings for one
last video Kamala Harris I believe it
was yesterday this this video yeah so
come here Saturday night last night yes
ex they go on an hour after hour after
hour hour she had interaction with
Cavanaugh about how he had communicated
with lawyers potentially lawyers
involved in the modern death
negation on that investigation and it
was a pretty awesome interaction Kurtis
have you discussed Muller or his
investigation with anyone at Casa wits
Benson and Torrez the law firm founded
by Mark Casa wits president Trump's
personal lawyer be sure about your
answer sir well I'm not remembering but
if you have something you wanna are you
certain you've not had a conversation I
got anyone at that law firm
Kazu its Benson it's a really specific
question I would like to know the person
you're thinking of because what if they
think you're thinking of someone you
don't want to tell us all the body
lights the pen the I know when Kamala
Harris does this back up yeah and so we
cut that down for size
that went on for a minute after minute
he refused answer he said you saw in the
video Kazu 'it's trump I am honey
I don't know any of these maybe I can
you be more specific so do you believe
that that he has had a conversation I
mean like the question is so difficult
because we've all had a conversation
about the Muller investigation and he
sort of says that in the beginning like
it's on the news every day and I've
talked to some judges but once she says
the law firm then he's really squirming
and I think he's so prepared and he's so
ready to go first of all I think you can
see that he wasn't prepared for that
question and he doesn't know how to lie
to her yeah so the question is does she
know something does she know about a you
know a conversation he had because he
could have very easily said to my
knowledge I have not had a conversation
with them and that's that's even
something you can sort of squirm you
could use that to scream out but he
didn't say that and here's the thing we
know what he thinks about presidential
pardon powers presidential installation
from subpoenas and even interviews and
things like that he's been on the record
for that for like two decades at this
point Donald Trump obviously knows about
that and when he had a short list of
potential Supreme Court nominees sure he
wants to kill roe v wade he'd love that
but he definitely doesn't to end up in
jail or thrown out of office so the idea
that that is not something he talked
with Kavanagh about it seems crazy to me
well and he doesn't answer her question
and
she finally finished that line of
questioning she said like we'll come
back to this and I was like we will yeah
why I hope for reveal I know I feel like
she knows something I mean she'd be an
incredible poker player if that's a
bluff exactly yeah yeah I'm bad enough I
don't think it's her
