there is now speculation that the senior
Trump official who wrote an op-ed for
the New York Times anonymously
criticizing Donald Trump is vice
president Mike Pence schoolrooms okay
absolutely clear again this is
speculation and that speculation is
based on one word that was used in the
op-ed and that one word was lodestar mmm
so here's what people did they're like
that's a curious word load started it's
not often used let's google it see which
administration official use the word
load start well they thought well maybe
you could be this guy that guy turns out
no not any of them but there is one guy
he does use it let's take a look at the
video that's gonna continue to be a
lodestar Jack's lodestar as our lodestar
lodestar it really was the lodestar oops
he says lodestar a lot I guess Oh ladies
and gentlemen we got'em no no no by the
way I'm kidding around look some people
claim that when they leaked to the press
they made sure they used it the phrases
are the idioms of other staffers to try
to throw people upset nobody in the
Trump Whitehouse is that smart I believe
that okay but does that mean that Penn
State of course it doesn't mean it hears
now like now this thing's on fire on the
internet so people are pointing out well
did you know that merriam-webster had
loads stars this word of the day last
week I don't know nobody knows all this
is is fun because of course the person
who would benefit most from what was
mentioned in the article which is using
the 24th amendment he had Trump out of
office is vice president pence who would
then become president pence so it's a
super-fun conspiracy theory it's based
off of that one word it doesn't mean
anything
but one can speculate just for
entertainment purposes if it turns out
to be pencil oh my god that is an elbow
from a sky so big okay the house of
cards
that is some serious yes under word kind
of work okay you want to talk about
woodwork that's under woodwork
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
