as you all know we are doing a
membership drive and our goal is to
reach a hundred thousand members by the
end of the year very lofty goal but I
believe in us I think that we can do it
when I say we I mean you The Young Turks
so we received tweets from our members
that I want to share with you all that I
personally loved made me all emotional
so let's take a look at the first tweet
this is from Bryan Madrigal
and he said I'm excited at what Jake
just announced I'm paying for content
and also for progressive change tell me
any other program you pay for that is
doing those two things
hashtag prime Q I see member Ryan thank
you brother and you know that is what we
promise we I know that a lot of the rest
of the press doesn't like that and they
go oh you guys are activists you're not
allowed to do that who's stopping us and
if we have a thousand members correct
answer is no one they won't be able to
stop us so yes we believe in change and
that's why we helped support the just
Democratic candidates 26 of them have
already won their primaries when no one
believed no one believed last night I
Anna Presley won another shocking upset
shocking upset after shocking upset are
we proud that we helped to make that
happen
even if it was a small role a midsize or
whatever role it was you're absolutely
right that we're proud of course we're
proud because we're fight for change and
that's getting you guys real change we
featured all those candidates we tried
to help in every way we could with their
uncorrupted candidates and and if we
made a difference that's a fantastic
thing and as to Anna's point you guys
made the difference you watched you
voted you volunteered some of you gave
to them as well and I want you to keep
doing that and we'll talk about that
more later in the show Jeff Barrett says
I consider TYT Network membership and
investment in my kids future well-being
Wow
thank you Jeff that's actually really
powerful okay Andrew Johnson says I was
part of that first number by a day
became an activist yesterday and it's
worth the money
love the post-game can't wait to see no
filter yes yes like an original I can't
wait to see don't filter episodes as
soon as they're up love Anna and I love
John and jank and a song love
all you guys and I felt bad by watching
on YouTube don't feel bad about watching
on YouTube watch where ever you get this
program there were a lot of different
platforms but if you become a member
well that's fantastic and we appreciate
obviously T y-t-dot-com /join and if you
don't know no filters obviously Anna's
show
hence the excitement alright John the
writer says been a member for over two
years and I have zero regrets absolutely
love this network except Michael Shore
just kidding dude even you ok I like
that one because look we get each other
all the time yesterday I have the show
so I'm gonna go to Jimmy about Michael
and as much as they fight on air take
over beer afterwards and you know what
Jimmy said about Michael it's like you
know why I like Michael cuz he's funny
Michael is pretty funny yeah he's got
that dry sense of humor dry by the way
his show is reasonably sure and so our
shows like no filter is a podcast on our
app but members get all the shows so
that's another obviously huge reason to
join Q the nurse wrote us and said just
upgraded from a TYT insider to TYT
activist but I want to do more please
make a way for people to give six month
or one-year memberships hashtag whisper
of a dream hashtag too strong hashtag
TYT army I love every one of these
tweets okay so we are working on that
gifting program we will get that to you
guys later thank you for asking to do
that you guys are amazing so we will
start that a little bit later and I'm
all about whisper betray me John and and
Jimmy talked about that a lot yesterday
in terms of the progressive wave that's
coming not just Democratic wave but a
progressive wave and and look you need
media to back that up and so we
appreciate you guys literally being that
media because you are the Young Turks so
T y-t-dot-com slash joined by the way
also check out Jimmy's shows Jimmy Dore
show an aggressive progressive both in
the network and John's show damage
report also in the network you get
basically progressive Netflix all of
these different progressive shows in one
place and that's TYT so i yesterday we
started at 27,000 661 first day of the
membership drive
today when we started the show was
twenty eight thousand five hundred and
seven let me see the new number now
that's amazing
please get to thirty thousand let's do
it so excited right now by the way when
you guys first showed the 501 I was like
oh it didn't move at all all right but
you guys know us man we're a hundred
percent real we're surprised every time
the number moves
so thank you again ti-ti calm slice join
and by the way the activists think she
was referring to is this once you get to
go to the sign up and you click you'll
see that there's two levels $4.99 gets
you all the shows because we want to
make sure everybody gets them okay but
if you go to ten dollars that supports
independent media and you get extra
things like you get first access to so
many of the things that we do okay so
please check out both of those and thank
you to all of you two easy ways to
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
