following the New York Times op-ed that
featured an administrative or Trump
administration official current trump
administration official calling out
Trump for his terrible behavior as
president Trump has responded to that
op-ed by saying just one word on Twitter
treason also Sarah Huckabee Sanders has
issued a statement that I want to read
to you right now she says the individual
behind this piece has chosen to deceive
rather than support the duly elected
president of the United States he is not
putting country first but putting
himself and his ego ahead of the will of
the American people yeah so look that
this reaction is unsurprising in fact as
soon as I read the op-ed I thought why
hasn't Trump tweeted yet he is going to
be in an absolute rage but this is gonna
actually spin him into a different set
of problems because look in life overall
the first mistake isn't an issue it's
when you compound the mistakes in a
panic is when you get into real trouble
oh he's the compounder in chief exactly
right Anna I mean all he does is
compound and in the worse the situation
is the more he compounds and this
situation is Code Red
you have senior administration officials
going out and telling the country the
president is mentally unstable you
should consider using the 24th amendment
and so of course Trump's gonna lose his
whatever mind he has left
and according to the senior
administration official it isn't much so
he comes out guru yells true into the
abyss we I was saying in our initial
coverage of it there needs to be some
sort of Kingslayer to the Mad King again
it's a political analogy obviously not a
physical one and we're saying about
maybe Sarah how could be Sanders if she
were to come out and they say no it's
true the president has lost his mind
that would make a giant difference and
Anna pointed out very unlikely to be her
of course but you know as I was reading
it and then Edward our stage manager
could said the same thing during the
break before this story came out
Kellyanne Conway is the most likely
person because her husband is
tweeting against Donald Trump to begin
with but see that gets into palace
intrigue is that the issue is and the
substance of it is much much more
important than who the leaker is yeah
absolutely
absolutely but it's fun to speculate
about who it is one final part of Sarah
Huckabee Sanders statement that I think
is relevant to this
she believes that this person should do
the right thing this coward should do
the right thing and resign yeah so and
as an alluded to in the in the initial
story we're gonna find out who this
person is
yeah and it I don't know if it'll be
before Donald Trump leaves office or
after he leaves office but if he leaves
office and the whole country is relieved
because it turns out that that
administration official is correct and
everyone else in the administration it
was actually trying to make sure the
Donald Trump doesn't do something crazy
and break the country and threaten the
health of our republic as the person
said then I think there's going to be a
moment where the Republicans pretend
they didn't know and all the senators
and congresspeople go oh well I but I
find news that I didn't know that in
reality of course they do know that
there was actually believe it or not I
can't believe I'm saying this sentence
but a great report from red state which
is a conservative blog I can't stand but
Erick Erickson did actually talk to a
Republican congressman off the record
and their Republican congressman said oh
we all know we all know he's crazy
and and you know and I can't stand the
guy none of us can stand the guy and but
we can't say it otherwise our base is
gonna flip out and vote us out of office
so that I'm and but I've been telling
you that from day one now of course they
know they're in the room with them who
could sit in the room with them and not
realize what an idiot he is or unstable
he is and what a danger he is and he
doesn't understand democracy doesn't
understand our former government at all
I mean but you know what that argument
about oh we can't we can't do the right
thing because if we do the right thing
our base will be upset with us it shows
you this disconnect between these
elected officials and their own
constituents right the lack of
communication the lack of helping them
the lack of representing them they don't
trust you because you haven't
serve them right so they sink Trump is
the person who's because of his populist
rhetoric the person who will serve them
you need to do a better job to make your
case against Trump but they're too
afraid to do it I mean you don't talk
about coward towers of the people who
know how dangerous Donald Trump is and
don't do anything about it because of
their own political career exactly so at
least this official die came out to the
New York Times is trying to do something
to warn the country should he do more of
course I think he should do more but at
least he's done that which the rest of
them haven't and he talks about it
there's two tracks inside the White
House one is Donald Trump and which is
off the rails and he's like even if we
wanted to follow the agenda he says
which agenda he changes his mind every
minute so this is impossible to follow
anyway so what we do is we find the
course that is least damaging for the
country and we go on that track and so
it's not him alone he says Bob
Woodward's book backs it up every other
piece of reporting we have backs it up
that there are a great number of people
inside the White House that the knows
the president is unstable and so they're
trying to keep them on the right track
in their minds so look I think that once
Trump is gone all those cowards will
then come out and pretend the ones that
knew all along will pretend especially
the congressman and the Senators that
they didn't know and then they'll turn
around and make a hero out of this guy
because they'll say oh yeah he's the one
that let us know and that's why it was
important and he's a hero and all that
stuff but the reality is right now they
all already know and they won't act
because of how afraid they are exactly
which is so sad they're afraid of a guy
who belongs in an insane asylum
they're willing to sacrifice our
democracy in order to maintain and
preserve their political careers I mean
just think about that for a second two
easy ways for young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell
and when you do that on youtube you're
notified of our videos
