our next clip is brought to you in
partnership with Squarespace bring your
stories to life online with Squarespace
through a website blog or portfolio so
easy I can even use it for 10% off head
over to Squarespace comm slash tyt or
use the promo code tyt the New York
Times has just published an op-ed and
this op-ed was written by an anonymous
individual however this is actually a
senior Trump official now because of
obvious reasons this senior Trump
official has decided to not share his or
her most likely his identity okay so
look this op-ed does not look good for
Trump and this is not a former Trump
administration official this is a
current Trump senior official and here
is what he or she has to say
the dilemma which he meaning Trump does
not fully grasp is that many of the
senior officials in his own
administration are working diligently
from within to frustrate parts of his
agenda and his worst inclinations so
that's an amazing admission right there
it's unprecedented I've never seen
anything like that where an
administration official says yes I am
inside the administration and working
against the wishes of the president
oftentimes not all times he goes on to
clarify let's assume for for now that
it's a he because that is overall
majority the people that work the White
House that know what you have to
understand something there's a lot that
I'm proud of that we did in this
administration the regulation tax cuts
you get the picture right and and so
there definitely a Republican no
question you could tell from the way
they've written op-ed and how they brag
about free markets and and all other
things but what they're saying is you
have to understand we're not opposed to
the President's agenda those of us who
are inside and it's not he says it's not
just him there are many others inside
the White House they're not opposed to
the President's agenda at all they're
opposed to the president being off the
rails as he describes it and a danger to
national security and basically our form
of government this this confirms every
single thing that we
telling you on the young turks for the
last two years now you can choose not to
believe anything you like but new york
times isn't going to print this article
and possibly ruin that reputation if
this isn't a senior administration
official it most certainly is
this is a view from inside the white
house and it is frightening the best way
to summarize this is by going to one
line that stood out to me the most in
this entire op-ed where this individual
clearly stated don't worry there are
adults in the room okay so let's get to
the rest of this so early on in this
op-ed the trump administration official
says you know that there are of course
people trying to go against or work
against or mitigate his worst
inclinations and he says I would know
I'm one of them so he's clear in saying
that he is part of the resistance to
Donald Trump within his own
administration to be clear ours is not
the popular resistance of the left we
want the administration to succeed and
think many of its policies have already
made America safer and more prosperous
agree to disagree on that that's okay
right so he continues the president
continues to act in a manner that is
detrimental to the health of our
Republic see that's really important
and that's another thing that we've been
emphasizing on this show hey hey people
say won't Mike Pence be worse than
Donald Trump because he's actually
competent might get more Republican
agenda passed into law but that's not
the point guys you're missing the point
the Donald Trump doesn't believe in
democracy and as this guy talks about no
he's like in private - he loves
dictators and he just he would destroy
our form of government in our republic
in a heartbeat if he thought it was to
his slight advantage particularly
financial advantage so you're not
getting the severity of the situation
that is why there's this unprecedented
source within the White House going he's
a danger to the Republic we work with
him every day that is an unbelievable
statement danger to the Republic because
Donald Trump is now the president of the
United States and does not believe in
our form of government so there were
specifics noted in this op-ed but one of
specifics that stood out to me
personally was the utter disdain this
particular person has for Trump's
policies on trade and that also
solidified it might be the credibility
of this person being in Trump's
administration we're talking about
Republicans who traditionally have loved
free trade hate the idea of tariffs and
then Trump comes in and he decides no
I'm gonna impose tariffs randomly and
sporadically and do so in a weirdly
retaliatory way and Republicans have
spoken out against it now in this case
there are members of administer his
administration who are lifelong
Republicans I would assume and they see
this they see Trump's policies and
they're speaking out against it and this
op-ed is no exception but I looked at I
want to be clear about something
because that example has two different
directions right on the one hand you're
clearly the guy is see that the guys
clearly conservative Republican etc on
the other hand if all of this was just
about hey I don't like Donald Trump's
proposals on free trade then I'd say
this guy is a traitor I mean that's a
strong language but and I don't mean to
the country but I would say yeah okay
you disagree with the president you're
not allowed to undermine him right the
hell out of the White House I don't want
him arrested or anything but I don't
care if Donald Trump is the most
conservative on the most right-wing guy
in the country if you just don't like
his policies then don't work with him I
need you to understand and his examples
clarify it is not about that it's not
about policy the guy is mentally
unstable he invokes the 24th amendment
something we've been telling you about
on the show all the time I said it so
many times it's not about impeachment as
much as it is about the 24th amendment
the president is deeply unstable and to
give you an example of how unstable this
person thinks Trump is he writes the
root of the problem is the president's
immorality anyone who works with him
knows he is not Mord
to any discernible first principles that
guide his decision-making so you know
the his morality is called into question
which is unsurprising for us but it is
good to hear it from someone who works
closely front with him anyone who works
for the Macy's has throughout knows he's
unstable immoral change his mind all the
time so that reverence the first
principles is as a politician you're
suppose
so theoretically have principles now I
think that that's overrated I don't
think a lot of them have principles I
think their principle is who's signing
my checks the donors etc now having said
that yes but they pretend at least
pretend to have principles Here I am for
this and I am against that as he
explains throughout the article here
he's like no no he changed his mind on a
minute-to-minute basis there is no
guiding principles for Donald Trump the
only thing is what's in his childish
stupid head at that moment that's why
even when they undermine his policies he
doesn't even realize they're undermining
his policies because he's stupid too
stupid to realize it right so he also
writes in addition to his mass marketing
of the notion that the press is the
enemy of the people president Trump's
impulses are generally anti trade and
anti-democratic so the anti trade part
that I was referring to earlier was in
that excerpt but you know the
anti-democratic part is something that
this person touched on throughout the
op-ed this was worried about Trump's
authoritarian nature this worried about
Trump having this affinity for
authoritarian leaders throughout the
world he continues to talk about some of
trumps successes but says that those
successes didn't happen because of Trump
those successes happened despite Trump
which I thought were some strong words
so he lists those successes by saying
you know effective deregulation historic
tax reform a more robust military and
more and then he says the successes have
come despite not because of the
president's leadership style which is
adversarial petty and ineffective so
that's all the things again we've been
telling you is you can see with your own
eyes he's clearly adversarial and some
people like that about him but the
question was is that part of a strategy
and and I told you for two straight
years any pundit on TV talking about
okay but Donald Trump did this because
of his strategy is that I'm like no you
don't know him at all I ignore anything
this person says because they're still
trying to pretend the Donald Trump is
smart and has strategy know here is a
senior administration officials saying
there ain't no strategy and he's wildly
ineffective he's just lashing about
because he's unintelligent a child and
pet
and yes your eyes are not deceiving you
ineffective the only thing we ever get
done is despite him not because he has
some sort of brilliant strategy so
there's more he writes about what it's
like to have meetings with Trump and how
disastrous they are meetings with him
veer off topic and off the rails he
engages in repetitive rants which is
unsurprising and his impulsiveness
results in half-baked ill-informed and
occasionally reckless decisions that
have to be walked back so one thing that
I want to just quickly point out because
we've talked about it yesterday and I
think it's definitely related to this
op-ed that we're reading today Bob
Woodward's book is coming out soon and
you know multiple publications including
the Washington Post got an early copy of
it they've reviewed it and reported
reported on some of the accusations
against Trump which by the way Woodward
is a renowned journalist he spoke to
administer current administration
officials former administration
officials and he's credible and so now
all of a sudden a day after the
reporting happens on that book you have
a senior Trump official coming out and
saying these things and what it's really
doing is reinforcing what Woodward has
written about in his book but more
importantly I think that this is a way
this is my speculation I feel like this
is a way of someone within the
administration trying to calm or ease
everyone's nerves but also maybe even
possibly trying to in the future
clear himself of any possible wrong dude
oh absolutely yeah so but and they're
saying look remember we're the we were
the good guys trying to prevent this
madman from doing something absolutely
crazy don't hold us accountable for his
actions we're actually trying to
restrain him I'm gonna relate this the
game of Thrones in in a little bit but
before I do that two things on Woodward
and he's at this point fairly
establishment to say the least
right and so people talk to Woodward if
they're worried about something so the
Republicans are gonna go talk to
Woodward if they want to send a message
and the message that they're sending
from inside the White House is help help
SOS you do guys that are not inside the
White House have no
yeah how deeply irrational impetuous and
ineffective Donald Trump is and how
mentally unstable he is we can't say it
publicly and finally after Woodward's
book has become public this guy comes on
because I'm just gonna say it I mean I
can't if I out myself I'll be fired
right I don't want to be fired I want to
keep control of the Mad King but but at
this point I gotta let you know the
guy's lost his mind we have got somebody
in charge who has no mind at all and
that's what's coming through here
and last thing on Woodward is remember
he got famous during Watergate they him
and Bernstein had the famous deep throat
source inside the Nixon White House
there's not one deep throat here there's
like dozens of deep throats so many
people inside the administration talked
about Woodward and we're like help help
you somebody get this guy out you guys
don't understand the severity of the
problem and I think part of it is a
genuine concern about the direction the
country's going in but I think part of
it is also the fact that Trump shows how
unbelievably disloyal he is to everyone
around him like he will shift people you
know at the slightest perception of
wrongdoing right and so Trump's made a
lot of enemies and one of the things
that I worry about jank is his base
because Trump has already planted a seed
of rigged elections media's enemy of the
people and if the Muller investigation
goes forward in the way that we suspect
it's gonna go forward I'm worried that
his base is gonna think that there was
collusion against Trump and that things
could get violent as a result of that so
I don't know we can have a longer
conversation but I do want to give you
more of what this official wrote yeah
quick say on the bases look at some
point half of them are going to be
embarrassed that it turns out they were
following someone who had already lost
his mind and just like happened with
Nixon you all be able to find a Nixon
voter after next thing I'd impeached
they would do polls and they'd say did
you vote for Nixon now even though he
won and he won overwhelmingly the polls
would indicate that only a tiny
percentage of the American people voted
for the realities of course
they were just too embarrassed to say it
and yes there'll be some people who will
hold on for dear life and they'll watch
Infowars and they'll believe every
conspiracy and they'll think no he
wasn't crazy everyone else inside the
White House was crazy and Q was gonna
let us know about how the insane asylum
had been let out and put into the White
House against the wishes of Donald Trump
even though he picked them right and
they'll have all these concerns and
that'll be a significant chunk of the
country but but probably a lot of people
will say that Trump no I don't know
who's strong yeah I mean to a lesser
extent that happened with George Bush as
well and by the way I mean as we go here
you gotta understand there was one other
thing that we were right about take take
take take take take take take this is
the Republicans go I'm pushing him out
the door Gordon you don't you guys don't
get it he's gotta go he's gotta go so
let me give you more some of his aides
meeting some of trumps aides have been
cast as villains by the media but in
private they have gone to great lengths
to keep bad decisions contained to the
west wing though they are clearly not
always successful that's gonna go to my
kingslayer theory in a minute okay but
there's more Americans should know that
there are adults in the room and you
know that's a what I referenced earlier
in this story we fully recognize what is
happening and we are trying to do what's
right even when Donald Trump won't and
finally given the instability many
witness there were early whispers within
the cabinet of invoking the 25th
amendment which would start a complex
process for removing the president but
no one wanted to precipitate a
constitutional crisis so we will do what
we can to steer the administration in
the right direction until one way or
another it's over he's telling you use
the 24th amendment we're inside the
building the guy is insane
use the 25th amendment that is when the
cabinet gets together and says and there
did a couple of different ways to do it
but mainly the cabinet is say the
president is mentally disabled we need
to remove him from office using the 25th
amendment and and put in the vice
president I think they're gonna have to
go to it and so that's not me saying and
I know a lot of people thought Oh
guys are progressives your bias against
them look man we're bias against all
those conservatives that's our
perspective
I don't like John McCain I think he lost
his mind I can't stand Marco Rubio but I
don't think Marco Rubio is crazy or
stupid you know Ted Cruz's a slimeball
that doesn't mean that that if he became
president we say how old now he's lost
his mind
no he said he is who he is this guy
we've been telling him from day one he
is monumentally I mean and now I'm
actually feeling bad about calling him
stupid about a billion times because he
might be mentally damaged
I'm not look again it's not me it's a
senior administration official saying
push the button 25th amendment we got to
think about it and we and we got to hang
on for dear life inside the White House
until it's over
can he get any stronger than that it's
pretty incredible
you know he talks about how privately he
shows a preference for autocrats and
dictators and and he talks about John
McCain and how he was honorable and put
that last letter and saying don't do
partisanship he's like look man I'm a
Republican but this is not time for
Republican Democratic games he said
about McCain mr. Trump may fear such an
honorable man but we should revere them
yeah Wow Wow talking about our Trump is
such a jerk that he fears honorable
people okay so take take take take so
finally Kingslayer now obviously in this
context we don't mean literally we mean
politically but it's possible that there
is someone close to the king a handle
the king if you will in a game of
Thrones analogy who just takes out a
political sword and goes we're done with
this because he's the Mad King so who
could it be
and and I'm not saying that they're
gonna do it but if they were a real
Patriot they would and how would they do
it because again we're talking about
politics here not not physical stuff so
it can't be someone who's tangential it
can't even be someone know Trump is
known to be fighting with a little bit
like so it can't even be his own chief
of staff John Kelly thinking it was
probably John Kelly yeah but but he just
say oh he's deep state I never liked him
in the first place
and and the bass would rally etc it has
to be someone the bass deeply deeply
trust Gary Cohn maybe no nope no way
quote they'll call him a globalist
goldman sachs guy etc so the one person
I thought of is Sarah Huckabee Sanders
Oh
Jerrod yeah yeah that that's the
possibility if she came out one day and
said sorry guys but I'm I'm tendering my
resignation the 25th amendment should be
invoked the president has lost his mind
I don't think it's her I think that it
would actually hurt her way more than
help her I mean she's on the record on a
regular basis defending him defending
the very faith she wrote this defending
the very things that she's speaking out
against in this op-ed right but remember
anyone who wrote this op-ed is lying
through their teeth publicly because
when because when ass tonight they don't
raise our hand and they're like oh yeah
Donald Trump's lost his mind you guys
should use a 25th amendment they go oh
no Donald Trump is wonderful what do you
mean of course I fully support him so
I'm not saying this Sarah how be Santa's
I'm not say Sarah Cooper Sanders is
gonna do that I'm not saying anybody
inside the Trump White House is
necessarily gonna do that but if but if
there was a truly honorable person in a
position like that again it can't be a
rinky-dink person people won't you know
act but if it was somebody like Sarah
Huckabee Sanders she actually could save
the country if she stepped up to that
podium and said the president has lost
his mind you should use a 25th amendment
that would have immediate massive
reverberations and the Republicans who
are plenty angry at him already now
especially with the dumb southerner
comment my god he has lost so much
support in the Senate in the house among
Republicans that they might come out and
go that's it we gotta go
sorry 24th amendment so or impeachment
or whatever it takes but that's where we
are guys tick tick tick tick tick tick
tick tick we're near the end
he's now know inconceivable that a man
this unstable
can last for years that's what I said on
day one that's what I'm saying today and
and you will see that I am completely
right about that am I going to lose my
buddy
- well I you know we I've been saying
before the midterms there's only about
two months left on the other hand this
is the most unprecedented thing I have
ever seen a senior administration
official putting out an SOS publicly in
The New York Times saying somebody for
God's sake do something so could it
happen in the next two months it could -
easy wastefully Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
