so Charlie Baker winning tonight very
popular governor of Massachusetts John
mentioned earlier in the show while
we're doing this live that he hasn't
what a 70% approval among Democrats a
mess it was something like that I don't
know exactly what is very popular it's
one of those weird things in the
Northeast where Connecticut has sort of
moved past it but Massachusetts their
libs who like having Republican
governors none it drives me crazy you
gotta stop doing it okay so I'll say
I'll tell you about it out yeah yeah
well I hear that works just say that
detectors they cut it out anyway so look
I if anyone's got credibility say this
is me cuz I used to be a liberal
Republican from the Northeast and I
voted for people like Tom Kane it's said
I don't know I was probably too young
but I supported him when I was a
thirteen-year-old whatever right so I I
understand why you do it and and I
understand that they're not like the
Republicans in Alabama and Mississippi
yeah but it's still a mistake so first
of all it's an uneven playing field
you're sitting there being reasonable of
Massachusetts well they're never
reasonable in Mississippi in South
Carolina and they're not gonna make the
same mistakes you make and then okay
what its governor it's at least within
your own state but when you do it at the
Senate level man that hurts a lot that
hurts the the Democrats chances of
controlling the Senate and as
frustrating as Democrats are Republicans
will give trillions of dollars to the
rich it's whereas the Democrats will
only give one trillion to the rich okay
but that's a trillion dollar difference
and all the different things that the
Republicans push for but even if they
govern our level so you you know I don't
know the particulars of Charlie Baker to
be honest I don't live in Massachusetts
and so you might point to a number of
good things that he did and I understand
that and I understand that that sense of
wanting to be fair and reasonable and I
love that that's a great trait that but
what do they turn into later they then
take that credibility you gave them and
become massively right-wing and use that
credibility against progressives so
pervert example is MIT Romney who was
also governor of Massachusetts here's a
Republican people like oh no no he's a
reasonable one he's great he's
reasonable we're gonna
we're gonna vote him into office and
what happened later he's like haha just
kidding
I wasn't reasonable or moderate at all
I'm not gonna run for office and I got
to go through a Republican primary so
I'm gonna be just as much of a jerk as
everyone else went through they got the
Trump and it turns out there was another
layer to jerk right so and and he was
massively massively right-wing I don't
know who the real Mitt Romney is I don't
care I don't know who the real Charlie
Baker is and I don't care don't vote for
Republicans of those parties reformed
you know if there is a Reformation and
they get rid of corporate PAC money and
they're actually conservatives out of
principle that's a totally different
equation but right now almost the
entirety of the Republican Party is
totally corrupt and cannot be trusted I
guarantee you no matter what Baker has
done give him an opportunity in a
different area where he doesn't have to
pretend to be moderate and he will turn
it into a massive right we're here that
gives his donors every single thing they
ever wanted so stop making that mistake
in the Northeast
