here's the young turks at politican 2018
if you want to catch us every day become
a member to uit calm slice join to bring
everything back to racism there are very
very few people in our country who are
true racist and that's a good thing
very let me I got a better finish
if the left cares is deeply about people
of color as they claim they do why do
they ignore the fact that half a million
unborn black babies are aborted every
year okay let me let me let me wait a
minute you guys really care about them
after they're born right let me just
answer this from the perspective of a
person of color as the mother of a black
son when you talk about very few people
being racist in this country I swear to
god these videos are like an episode of
Scooby Doo when people never believed us
where we kept talking about this racism
and your people keep saying to us it's a
figment of your imagination get over it
it was 400 years ago and every week
every single day women accusing even
children of doing things that they
didn't do this racism that you're
talking about that systemic and has been
in this country for centuries and you
keep asking us what are you talking
about are you seriously telling me that
you think that very few people are
racist in this country when the numbers
of hate groups has gone up to now every
new little clique look at all the shirts
around here and it's all told that salt
all caps to tell people of color that
very few people are racist well we gotta
watch our son die on the streets
fucking week it's offensive it's really
offensive sorry
