all right well the Young Turks on a huge
day of news both for us and for the
country jank you granted conspiring with
you guys and so we're gonna launch
something I'm gonna show you in a minute
that I want all of you guys to hopefully
participate in for reasons that you'll
see in a second but I want you to also
know about things that are coming up
later on the program so I know some of
you just get certain clips or episodes
of the show you get the whole two-hour
show because I don't want you to miss
what we're gonna talk about in regards
to Bob Woodward's book we're gonna have
angles on that that you're not seeing
anywhere else
there's I gotta be honest with you
there's gonna be a number of told you
moments they're absolutely confirming
what we've been saying on the show for
nearly two years now and then in the
Kapernick story we're gonna explain why
the right wing and Fox News in
particular are in a panic and they
should be why Nikes move to have
Kaepernick be one of their top endorsers
and and spokespeople is monumental it is
it's a sea change in America okay
we're gonna explain why that's later in
the program if you don't get the whole
show really easy as we're about to
explain lengthier become a member and
you can get it all at $4.99 per month
and that's a t y-t-dot-com /join
obviously Kavanagh is gonna be up first
once we get to the news first before I
go into the membership drive how you
doing Casper I'm doing well decided
about the show that Woodward story is my
favorite story of the day
now it's chock full of amazing anecdotes
and terrible things that were said about
Trump terrible things that Trump is said
about other people yeah I just I like
drums you like drunks too you tell him I
you know what don't even pretend you
don't you like drums indeed all right so
let's get started first of all I have an
announcement
that's always fun second of all we're
doing a Bambuser Drive so what is this
well some of you guys already know
membership and you know how the whole
show works we got some of you might just
see it on YouTube or Facebook or Hulu
and all these different platforms that
were on you might see one clip at a time
but you know the show is 6 to 8 p.m.
Eastern live every day T y-t-dot-com
slash live and that's okay you don't
have to catch it live you can catch the
Young Turks and all of our shows if you
remember so that's T y-t-dot-com slash
join to become a member but what we're
kicking off today is a drive to get to a
hundred thousand members now we're gonna
do some things that are extraordinary
here and very out of the ordinary we're
gonna have radical transparency we're
gonna actually show you how many members
we have yes now the reason why I say
that
Edward gives it almost no one in the
industry does that we're gonna show it
to you down to the person down to the
actual account and we're gonna keep on
showing it to you and then but we're
also gonna tell you that our goal is
impossible but we have done the
impossible a number of times so I
believe in you guys I believe in us and
everybody that works here that we can
get there so T y-t-dot-com /join do we
have the thermometer can I see that so
the campaign is B on the left side of
history I'm gonna explain why in a
second the number of paying subscribers
we have right now is twenty-seven
thousand six hundred and sixty one as we
go live on air now we are going to try
to reach a hundred thousand by the end
of the year well if you do the math on
that that is extraordinarily difficult
okay but I believe in all of us like I
said we're not the Young Turks you're
the Young Turks and so what what do you
get if you've never heard of it it's
basically like a progressive Netflix I'm
gonna get into a little bit more detail
in a minute about what you get for it
and but what are we doing in the
membership drive we're gonna keep
bringing you a different video
about progressive positions and
defending progressive positions and also
going on the offense so whenever there's
misinformation there every once in a
while we will release a video that is
specifically designed and it's tightly
produced to say that you can share with
your aunts uncles neighbors and cetera
hey Medicare for all you hear on CNN or
Fox News that is expensive now let me
show you what the reality is and how
much it saves the country and on and on
for all the progressive positions why
higher wages for the average American
makes sense and guys overall 2020 is
coming and and the progressive wing of
the Democratic Party must be defended
and we are the ones that are going to do
that defense and offense by the way so
one of the things that stood out to me
quite a bit since Trump's election
especially is even though you have news
outlets who you know claim to be the
resistance against Trump every single
news outlet that I've personally come
across is afraid to be progressive to
promote progressive ideas to to share
what they genuinely think if they are
progresses progressive voices especially
when it comes to some of these justice
Democrat candidates have been silenced
have been censored in the media and
we've been the only ones who have very
aggressively endorsed progressive
candidates and we do it in a way where
we show that we're unafraid to share who
we really are with our audience now at
the same time in order for us to thrive
and continue doing that and in order to
have an even louder message we need to
remain independent and the best way to
do that is to rely on you guys I don't
want to rely on outside funders I want
to rely on our members period you guys
are the ones who get to control the
message and you believe in a progressive
message which is why we want you guys to
have more of a voice in what we do yeah
so let me just add one quick thing to
that that's really important look we
then become Iraq and we become an e
movable object if we're dependent on you
guys alone Thomas Jefferson talked about
how democracy should be I'm dependent on
the people alone now it doesn't mean
that we won't take other forms of
revenue in terms of advertising
different platforms etcetera but you see
what's going on with YouTube Facebook
and all the other platforms and you see
that it is
an uncertain ocean out there but if we
have a hundred thousand members that is
our Independence Day and and that means
nobody can move us off of this sad day
for them you know if this pulls out or
that pulls out or this insider doesn't
like what we're saying or that insider
wants to do something else
sad day for them once you have that you
have progressive Netflix lockdown you
get all the shows and a show no filter
John show damage report are all podcasts
within the network you've got aggressive
progressives old school our post came
after the show here you got the entire
to the young turks and they'll never be
able to take it away and as the 2020
election heats some of me you saw what
we did in 2018 we backed all those
wonderful progressive candidates
alexandria castillo Cortez
Andrew Gilliam all the people who want
but we also backed the people who lost
we're proud of that because we fight for
our ideas and our principles even if
it's risky and we get to that safe haven
of a hundred thousand subscribers and no
one no force on earth can take that away
from progressives so just in terms of
what do you get in in terms of content
let me just show you real quick and this
is a relatively new feature that we put
up some of you are already familiar with
it
$4.99 it used to be $10 for $4.99 you're
getting access to trt member shows all
of our shows including extras post games
an extra just for the members special
behind-the-scenes content I recorded a
new one today please check that out the
opportunity to interact with us a
celebrity guest during our TYT town
halls that's just for members you get to
ask us any question you want you get as
members only merchandise and discounts
to shop TYT dot-com
now look we would love it if you sign up
at the old price and stay at the old
price because it helps us become
independent media and it is it is really
really important so for the guys paying
$10 a month we have insider packages
that's called TYT activists some of our
town halls are only for the activists
and that's important because you guys
support us thoroughly and we want to
have your back okay you get exclusive
TYT swag bags I got recognized on shirt
alone when I have my beard on I talked
about in the behind the scenes today so
you get a lot of positive comments about
the shirts to begin with
you get first access to virtual and
actual live events so you'll be able to
get tickets before anyone else does
we'll be moving those around a little
bit from time to time those membership
privileges and hopefully add to them as
well and then once we get to those
numbers that we're talking about we
could then continue to grow and add more
and more shows from there on it's gravy
you want a progressive show we get a
couple more members we get another
progressive show and another and another
and we build upon that but we've got to
build this rock first so T y-t-dot-com
slash join let's all do it together
yes boom okay so we will be updating you
throughout today's show and throughout
all these shows on where we sat on the
thermometer and what is exciting about
this guys even if you don't care about
the interest or you don't even like The
Young Turks is either way you're gonna
get to find out how we do it is going to
be incredibly public and no one else
takes risks like this but we do it
because that's how we roll we take risks
when it comes to backing progresses we
take risks on air that's because we're
here to fight for you guys can we look
at the thermometer one more time okay
just take a look okay now let's make
note okay twenty seven thousand six
hundred sixty-one all right all right
now can we get thirty thousand by the
end of the show well that would be
something but I like how bold Ana is
that's why she sits in that seat bold
progressives okay all right thank you
guys all right let's get going let's do
the news all right
the first day for the Senate
confirmation hearings for Brett
Cavanaugh has begun and a number of
things happened during the first day
that I want to touch on today first off
there were a number of protests that
took place but the loudest protest was
actually conducted by Senate Democrats
now understand that Democrats have very
little power in preventing the
confirmation of Brett Brett Kavanaugh
but one thing the Democrats were asking
for from the get-go was access to
extensive files records documents
pertaining to previous judgments that
Cavanaugh has made
and Republicans have fought them tooth
and nail on that very subject now what
you're about to see is how it all
unfolded on the first day of the
confirmation hearings and it did get
pretty dramatic take a look to serve as
associate justice mr. chairman I'd like
before we proceed mr. chairman I'd like
to be recognized to ask a question
before we proceed the committee received
just last night less than 15 hours ago
for Germany thousand pages of documents
that we have not had an opportunity to
review or read or analyze you are you're
out of order I'll proceed mr. chairman
Harris mr. chairman revenues worthy law
clubs and documents that we have in
everyone else join me tonight and we
believe this hearing should know those
German if we cannot be recognized I move
to adjourn the American people Chairman
I move to adjourn directly
mr. Chairman I move to adjourn mr.
Chairman I appeal to the chair to
recognize myself or one of my colleagues
you're out of order mr. Chairman I
appeal to be recognized on your sense of
decency and integrity even the documents
you have requested mr. chairman even the
ones that you said the limited documents
you have requested this committee has
not received and the documents we have
you sir have should be transparent this
committee sir is a violation of even the
values I've heard you talked about time
and time again the ideals that we should
have what is the rush what are we trying
to hide by not having the documents out
front so the integrity of the documents
we've received there really is no
integrity they have alterations of
oddities attachments are missing emails
are cut off halfway through a chain
recipient stains are missing sir we just
got a document dumped last night over
40,000 pages I would venture to say not
one senator here has had time to read
through those 40,000 pages so just
quickly for context Mitch McConnell was
iffy on the nomination of Brett
Kavanaugh because of his past and what I
mean by that is Kavanagh has served as a
judge for quite some time he worked with
Ken Starr to impeach Bill Clinton so the
reason why Republicans have fought
against allowing Democrats to see all
these documents ahead of time is because
it would further complicate the
confirmation process that's why Mitch
McConnell didn't really like him as a
Supreme Court nominee now with that said
Democrats finally got access to the
documents that they asked for but as
Senator Harris said in that in that clip
they didn't really get it until 15 hours
prior to the confirmation confirmation
hearings beginning so yeah so and
there's layers upon layers of this there
are a great number of documents that
were coerced by the by the Democrats
that are in the archives and and they
won't get access to all those the bush
lawyers because he worked for Bush are
withholding some and then when they pass
it on the Trump Trump's people are
withholding others and redacting him
that's why they have a complete record
the 42,000 they got in the middle of the
night last night is not nearly all the
records but at least is something
extra but they gave no chance to look at
it how could you possibly read 42,000
pages even if you had a team of people
doing it they in 15 hours overnight that
that makes no sense these are the same
Republicans who said oh my god the
health care bill under Obama was so
large nobody got a chance to read it now
they pull this thought so look there are
things that I can abide by the things I
can people are all now concerned that
there was too much fighting and
interrupting in this proceeding I am not
worried about that at all
they should fight and Republicans fought
they fought to the nail to make sure
that Merrick garland never sat on the
Supreme Court they fought for a year
they did every legislative and
procedural trick in the book to do that
so I don't mind the republics fighting
back against the Democrats in this
proceedings that's not an issue what I
cannot abide is people like Ben Sasse
and and I've said some positive things
of adamant and called them classy Ben
Sasse said he has been honest about in
regards to Trump and he did that again
recently when in protecting the rule of
law but in this case he said the
question before us is can he can
Cavanaugh put aside his policy views I'm
going to quote here and political
preferences I put them in a box marked
irrelevant and set it aside every
morning when he puts on that black robe
come on who are you kidding you you're
telling us that Cavanaugh was one of the
most conservative guys ever nominated
the Supreme Court was a deeply political
partisan operative under Bush and others
and on the Ken Starr investigation is
gonna put aside his political opinions
please don't don't assault our
intelligence whether you're Republican
conservative liberal Democrat
everybody knows every one of those
judges both conservative and liberal
bring their political opinions to the
court everybody knows that it's
preposterous as stupid to argue
otherwise it is stupid to argue
otherwise because there's already
evidence as to how Cavanaugh will
conduct himself so the Federalist
Society has promoted him endorsed him
has included him on the list of
potential Supreme Court nominees for
Donald Trump the federal Society is very
clear about their objective they want
serve ative activist judges they believe
that conservative politicians primarily
the President of the United States
should specifically look for and promote
and nominate conservative judges who
will carry out their ideology while they
serve on the Supreme Court
so again if this is a federal Society
pick which Kavanagh is then of course
he's gonna be an activist judge of
course he's gonna promote conservative
ideology so I gotta jump in on that too
because look the Republicans always say
no more suitors what does that mean
George HW Bush picked Souter and it
turned out that he wasn't as politically
conservatives people thought he was and
he wound up siding with the the Liberals
on the court a decent amount of the time
and so they're like I got to make sure
that never happens the end what does
that mean that clearly means I want a
guy who was politically conservative
it's and why do you think that the
right-wing evangelicals are celebrating
Kavanagh now and they're so excited by
him because he's not going to overturn
Roe vs. Wade no they believe that he is
going to overturn Roe vs. Wade because
that is his politics now when it comes
to judicial principles well Anna's right
he's he would have to be an activist
judge and he has shown in the past that
he is to overturn precedent now Roe vs.
Wade is a precedent that is decades old
but Kavanagh has shown in previous
rulings that he would consider
overturning that precedent why he claims
he's conservative judicially if you're
conservative - Lee you would not
overturn that precedent you would only
do it if you're conservative politically
and you don't have to guess in fact even
one of the documents that we got there's
a quote from Cavanaugh because he helped
the Bush administration pick judges so
he said at the time and and Sheldon
Whitehouse the Democratic senator
summarizes it this way he coached
judicial nominees to just tell senators
that quote this is now Cavanaugh's quote
that they will adhere to statutory text
and they have no ideological agenda and
White House has fairy tails so Kavanagh
literally coached other people to go and
deceive senators by saying oh my god Oh
golly gee I would never take politics
into account he's the one who wrote that
playbook so spare me your crocodile
tears about politics he was appointed
because of politics and he will be
deeply political on the Supreme Court so
let's talk about other individuals who
protested Cavanaugh's confirmation at
this first day of the confirmation
hearings there were women associated
with the women's March who decided to
voice their opinions some did so in the
form of protests during the confirmation
hearings they interrupted the
confirmation hearings which I thought
was an effective way to get your point
across now women are disrupting this
hearing today because our lives are at
risk women will die if Brett Kavanaugh
is confirmed and that is a quote from
Rachel O'Leary Carmona she is the CEO of
the women's March some women showed up
wearing
Handmaid's Tale apparel or garb which I
thought was also an effective way to get
the message across these are women who
are very much concerned with the
confirmation of Cavanagh leading to a
destruction of reproductive rights in
America the violation of a woman's right
to choose and I also want to give you
guys an example of what the scene was
like when protesters interrupted the
confirmation hearing so I'm gonna skip
ahead to video three let's take a look
okay
as the Supreme Court has put it quote
unless the president can give his
advisors some assurance of
confidentiality a president could not
expect to rebut you spoke about my
decency and mind and you spoke about my
decency and integrity and I think your
take you are taking advantage of my
decency and integrity
so dozens of protesters did get escorted
out of the room some arrested so there
were loud you know angry people there
who didn't want this confirmation to go
forward and I can understand why so some
of the Republicans in the hearings were
saying well you know don't listen to the
protesters or what the Democrats are
saying they are trying to pretend that
Cavanaugh is hates women and children
and of course that's not true now wait a
minute wait a minute so this isn't about
I don't know he would be surprised if he
hated women and children
it isn't about hate in that sense it's
about what are your policies and so is
he against a woman's right to choose and
hence a woman's decision to do what she
wants with her body and then to consult
with her doctor and make that decision
by herself
he is most definitively against that
he's completely against that so that's
not an exaggeration would he take rights
away from women 100% you would there's
no so it's if you want to characterize
that as being against women's rights and
not hating woman okay fine that's your
description but he isn't gonna take away
women's rights he's also going to
potentially vote to eliminate things
like Obamacare which would take away you
know protections for contraception let
alone for all of us the days of
pre-existing conditions would be back
and there are a number of things that
affect women and yes children that he
would be have a position that would that
in our opinion would harm them greatly
so when the Republicans pretend that
they're playing patty-cakes and it's not
gonna have an effect in your life it's
that's not true it will affect your life
especially if you're a woman so
Cavanaugh gave his speech today his
opening statements and what stood out to
me the most was what he chose to
emphasize in his statements and he
wanted to kind of make a point about how
he doesn't actually he doesn't hate
females he he actually has a lot of love
for women and part of the reason why is
because he has daughters okay fair
enough so he touched on his daughters
quite a bit and talked about how one of
his favorite things to do is serve as a
coach for his daughter's basketball
teams
okay but that doesn't that's not enough
like this effort to connect with us on
this hey I have children they happen to
be girls and I'm actually pretty cool to
them that's not enough to convince us
that you wouldn't undo what progress has
been made when it comes to reproductive
rights same thing when it comes to
concerns about his feelings toward
minorities particularly the
african-american community he kind of
answered those questions by saying ah
back in the you know 1960s my mom was a
teacher in a predominantly black area oh
well problem solved who cares we don't
care that doesn't matter at all like
your personal touch on these issues
don't matter what matters are you know
is your voting record your your ruling
record I guess is a better way of
putting it how you've treated people
personally in the past what you think
how you think the country should move
forward policy wise you know he's been
pretty clear when it comes to his
conservative leanings on these issues
and so his opening statements were so
incredibly weak when it came to
addressing the real concerns people have
well look I'll be harsh and I'll tell
you why he does it
so the reason he does it is there was no
internet in the past so everybody on TV
would come out and go oh that was a
moving story about how he plays softball
with his daughter okay let's move on
right well sorry I those talking heads
on TV are borderline irrelevant at this
point so let me summarize what real
progressives think about you and your
softball habits we don't care at all so
you're decent to your daughters that's a
low bar congratulations and by the way
we'll have to take your word for it but
I believe you I do okay does that mean
that you're gonna let them choose what
to do with their body no you still know
with his own daughters oh yeah yeah with
his own daughters he'll pay probably to
go outside of the country or wherever
they need to go or do a blue state right
but are you going to allow the law to
change so they do not have access to
controlling their own bodies yes yes you
are so don't give me pretty stories
about softball look it's not just about
abortion either one of the things that
he would likely strip away when they if
they
after the Affordable Care Act as they
have in the Supreme Court before is the
healthcare decisions that women get to
make the way that the law would change
bosses would get to make decisions for
their female employees Oh that'd be
great
oh but hey but I play softball with my
daughters later I'll let their male
bosses decide what kind of health care
they can and can't get okay no we only
care about policy so spare me your
schlock that's where Joe Scarborough and
the idiots on TV we don't care about
that at all all we care about is what
are you gonna do when you get on that
Court and everything in your record now
indicates that you will vote against
women's rights in fact that's exactly
why the right wing and the evangelicals
are thrilled with your selection because
they think you're gonna take away Roe
vs. Wade why do you think they're so
happy
so the lies are what drive me nuts
Republicans just be honest about it you
can't paint out it all the time you sit
in all your campaign ads you're sending
all your speeches that you were hoping
for a judge that will take your way Roe
vs. Wade now when it's a confirmation
hearings oh look Roe vs. Wade I have no
political brain you know that anybody
have a political opinion on that Oh get
up get the hell out of here everybody
knows you're 100% lying Cavanaugh and
every Republican senator on there so
there's a third parts of this story that
I want to touch on and it actually has
to do with a Republican who is being
honest so let's get to that during the
first day of Brett Cavanaugh's
confirmation hearings there was one
specific Republican who made a statement
that really stood out to me Jeff Flake
Senator Jeff Flake who has been highly
critical of Trump mentioned that he
somewhat sides with Democrats on his
concerns in regard to Kavanagh so first
I'm gonna read you something that MoveOn
tweeted because it has a lot to do with
Jeff Lakes concerns they tweeted a quote
by Cavanaugh and it goes as follows the
country wants the president to be one of
us who bears the same responsibilities
of citizenship that all share but I
believe that the president should be
excused from some of the burdens of
ordinary citizenship while serving in
office so Brett Kavanaugh was very
in saying that he believes the president
shouldn't have to deal with indictments
and criminal investigations while he is
serving in office that is something that
does not sit well with Democrats and it
also doesn't sit well with Republican
Senator Jeff Flake so Jeff Flake said
the following during the confirmation
hearing quote now I know it has been
brought up today that a lot of the
concern on the other side of the aisle
stems from the concern of an
administration that doesn't seem to
understand and appreciate separation of
powers and the rule of law I have that
concern as well if you just look at what
was said just yesterday by the president
I think it's very concerning so senator
flake was specifically referencing a
tweet by Trump and the tweet that Trump
put out was this too long-running Obama
era investigations of two very popular
Republican congressman were brought to a
well-publicized charge just ahead of the
midterms by Jeff Sessions Justice
Department two easy wins now in doubt
because there is not enough time good
time good job Jeff so Trump has been
attacking Jeff Sessions for refusing to
do Trump's bidding right and Jeff Flake
does not think that's okay Democrats
don't think that's okay so that's the
reason why Jeff Flake brought this up
the final part of his statement to
Cavanaugh goes as follows Jeff Sessions
has resisted pressure from the president
to punish his enemies and relieve
pressure on his friends and many of the
questions that you will get on the other
side of the aisle and from me will be
how you view that relationship where you
believe the article one powers and and
article two powers of the administration
begin so let me be clear about
Cavanaugh's record and why this is so
important and why I think this is one of
the actual proof of ways of going after
this nominee so and I'll talk about on
fruitful ways as well so he has three
problems at a minimum and one is about
executive power now Kavanaugh is the guy
who was on ken starr's team
investigating Bill Clinton he was
actually the one of their biggest
hatchet men he was known as a political
operative and so the two things he
pushed for was to investigate Vince
Foster's suicide after there had already
been five his investigations of it the
FBI had been very clear that it was a
suicide and
Cavan all fed into the conspiracy
theories and said no maybe miss Foster
was murdered by the Clintons so cuckoo
for cocoa puffs or so looking at this
guy like he's a rational person and
everybody's talking about always an
intellectual no he believed that miss
Foster might have been murdered by the
Clintons he's a total lunatic in that
regard okay
so then he went on to aggressively grill
Bill Clinton about his sex life he sent
him questions about what kind of oral
sex he received it was incredibly dirty
he then turns around afterwards and goes
no we should never question any
president oh isn't that goddamn
convenient and he said that during the
Bush administration while he was serving
for the Bush administration now he just
gone through that term and so after he
goes after Clinton the most personal
waste possible then he works for Bush
and then he comes out with their opinion
Oh golly gee we shouldn't bother
presidents are you kidding me you were
involved in the worst most egregious
case of that but in the case of Donald
Trump is that one of the reasons he
picked him one of the few judges in the
country who raised his hand and said you
should not question the president or
bring any charges against them while
he's president that's basically raising
your hand saying Donald Trump I will be
corrupt for you now look he didn't do it
at the time of Trump I want to be clear
about them and we're always want to give
you the right facts here okay
but when Trump goes to look for a judge
he out of all the judges in the country
there's a couple who say but the
president shouldn't be bothered while
he's in office
you shouldn't even ask him questions
about anything he might have done wrong
Kavanaugh re-raises head after being the
exact opposite in real life okay
remember Mitch McConnell did not want
Brett Kavanaugh to be Donald Trump's
Supreme Court nominee because of the
fact that Brett Kavanaugh has such a
long history long past and there are
countless documents that Democrats can
then look to to question Kavanaugh and
just kind of lengthen the process of
these confirmation hearings so Trump
went against well what McConnell wanted
and went with Kavanagh why because Trump
has some sort of affection or admiration
for Kavanagh you think he knew who
Cavanaugh was prior to all this going on
no he was looking for an individual who
would be on
site should the Supreme Court ever weigh
on what's going on with all of these
investigations so there's three things
that Trump cared about he wanted to
overturn Roe vs. Wade so you can get
even juggles a vote for him in record
numbers like they did in 2016 but a lot
of judges fit that bill a lot of them he
wanted a people who were gonna serve his
Republican donors but there's a ton of
right-wing judges who vote with
corporations almost no matter what
Cavanaugh is among them and while talk
about that in a second but there's only
a couple of judges in the country who
fit the first two descriptions and also
say the president is basically above the
law Cavanaugh's position is after he
leaves office that maybe you could do an
investigation of him at that point which
will be incredibly laid with stale
evidence and he's a lawyer he knows that
that means in essence you will put
somebody on the Supreme Court who
doesn't really believe in our system of
government who doesn't believe in checks
and balances says the president should
never be checked above the law put
putting that guy in the Supreme Court on
a the issue of executive power alone is
a danger to our democracy that's a real
issue when the Democrats complain about
the documents that weren't sent to them
in time they are right and it is
maddening there was a dirty political
trick of the Republicans but overall
that's not gonna resonate enough with
the American people they're not gonna
worry about documents that's why the
Republicans did at the last minute
because they knew that that wouldn't
resonate but baking the president above
the law is incredibly important other
two things that they could attack him on
rightfully is corporate power in the
case of SeaWorld a person dies he says
basically to summarize the employee I
don't think has rights the safety and
health sad day for them they must bow
their heads to whatever corporation they
work for and so of course the Republican
donors love that Trump loves that but
the American people don't love that they
don't wanna be killed at work and then
have a Supreme Court judge says sad day
for you you shouldn't have signed up for
it corporations can do anything they
want the third thing which Democrats
definitely will not get into but
absolutely should is Citizens United
this guy clerked for Kennedy Kennedy
wrote citizens united it was one of the
worst Supreme Court decisions in
American history make him answer the
questions do you believe a corporation
is a human being go ahead raise your
head because these go
- he said well they're people there
illegally have the same rights as people
actually they argue that they have more
rights than human beings but at least
make them st. American people don't
believe that they think it's absolutely
insane to say their corporations are
people and secondly do they have
unlimited rights for so-called speech
which the Supreme Court has said is
money in other words they could just
give any amount of money they want
through campaign expenditures or
independent expenditures in other words
legally bribe our politicians are you in
favor of that and he's gonna say yes
because he's definitely in favor of
Citizens United
he's not gonna say Oh Kennedy made the
wrong decision there's no way he's gonna
say that and the country hates Citizens
United Republican voters don't like that
corruption make him answer those
questions all right we got to take a
break when we come back more news for
you including that Woodward story that
we were promising earlier so stick
around we hope you're enjoying this free
clip from The Young Turks if you want to
get the whole show and more exclusive
content while supporting independent
media become a member at TYT dot-com
slash joined today in the meantime enjoy
this free second
alright back in the Young Turks a quick
couple of things Franco the brave writes
in I just joined us an activist I'm from
Scotland and live in Ireland love to uit
thank you we appreciate it I only do the
shoulder shimmy for the special ones
that's right yeah every member that's
right and we're all guys one other thing
about membership is that if we and I'm
talked about this a lot but if we're
financially dependent on you guys that
we must serve you guys that's been the
thesis for all this time for for this
you want that connection to you you
don't want to do to other forces out
there okay Kristen says I just joined
I'm a single mom of three and don't have
much away olan and don't have much money
but I'm cutting my into my coffee budget
to give $10 a month thanks so much for
all you do thank you thank you look look
in the post game I'll talk more about
some of the stories that I've had of
people that are members and and how I
feel like we have a special
responsibility to deliver for you guys
so let's talk about that then obviously
TYT comm slash joined to join in fact
let me update you on then I'll get read
you one last tweet and we got a thousand
stories so we started at twenty-seven
thousand six hundred and sixty-one Anna
asked for thirty thousand do we already
have thirty thousand the answer is no
but we do have twenty-seven thousand
seven hundred sixty-one so a hundred of
you just signed up and you guys are
amazing amazing amazing we love you guys
alright now one tweet about let me see
here about Jeff Flake I wanted to read
for your SAP offenses Jeff Flake will
vote to a point for sure I guarantee it
there's phones burning up in his office
right this second so yeah I don't want
you guys to mistake what we said there
Jeff Flake made really appropriate good
comments but Jeff Flake does that all
the time
and then votes was Trump so he will very
very very likely vote for Cavanaugh no
matter what he says today right okay and
that's what I mean by it's not just us
you guys are the Young Turks thank you
for sending that tweet in because I want
that kind of clarity yes all right let's
go to the next story all right much of
the news coverage today has to do with
the fact that Brent Kavanagh has begun
the Senate confirmation hearings however
there are federal judges that are being
confirmed left and right with the help
of Democratic senators like Chuck
Schumer so just to be clear
Donald Trump has successfully nominated
and confirmed as many as 60 federal
judges which is a complete and utter
disaster but again there are Senate
Democrats like Schumer who have actually
brokered deals with senators like Mitch
McConnell to help Trump achieve his goal
of confirming as many federal judges as
humanly possible so where did a Vox
Chuck Schumer reached an agreement late
Tuesday with Senate Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell to fast-track the
confirmations a-15 Trump nominated
judicial picks now a Senate according to
Vox a Senate democratic aide tried to
kind of downplay this by saying oh well
I mean come on these judges aren't
really controversial except they are you
think the Trump is gonna nominate fair
federal judges who don't have
conservative ideologies come on so the
Senate aide said that he emphasizes that
Schumer's efforts enable Democrats to
hit the campaign trail giving red state
Democrats a few extra days in their home
states before coming back for Senator
John McCain's memorial services which
just took place a couple days ago so
think about how pathetic that is guys
that they're confirming Trump nominees
without a fight because they want two or
three extra days of campaigning in their
states pathetic okay
and if it was just that it would be
already horrible enough but the reality
is the main thing that they use that
time for is fundraising so they got to
go talk to donors in that time so they
want to hurry up and give Trump what he
wants so they can make calls to donors
it's just the grossest thing you've ever
seen it's so bad that even Brian Fallon
who worked for Hillary Clinton was very
proud of that
etc says that this is bringing a
buttered knife to a gunfight he went on
to say
hard to think of a more pathetic
surrender heading into Kavanaugh
hearings good nights are saying it's a
pathetic surrender but what I mean
what would you expect from Chuck Schumer
Chuck Schumer is remarkably weak like I
I can't I can't envision a Democrat
weaker than him like just to give you an
example that's not related to federal
judges or the Cavanaugh hearings I mean
think about the way he screwed up the
one opportunity that Democrats had to
get protections permanent protections
for daca recipients that was over the
whole debate about funding the
government Senate Democrats had leverage
in that case they could have prevented
funding the government if Senate
Republicans refused to offer a
standalone bill to protect daca
recipients and so Mitch McConnell goes
to Schumer and says I promise after we
fund the government I will work with you
to get protections for daca recipients
and Chuck Schumer's like McConnell
promised oh yeah how did that work out
there's protections for daca recipients
Schumer is weak and then they can't
understand why left-leaning voters are
turning their backs on them so look it's
so bad that a former Harry Reid aide
said that Schumer is quote not a real
leader when Harry Reid staffers are
thrown stones in your direction for an
incredibly weak leader so I'm gonna tell
you why he does it in a second but I
understand what Harry Reid did though
that was such a debacle and I said it at
the time and as usual Democratic
apologists said no that plane
three-dimensional chess they waited till
the end of Obama's tenure basically to
lift the filibuster on these kind of
federal judges the Republicans then
lifted the filibuster on Supreme Court
justices now I said at the time if
you're gonna lift the filibuster on
judicial appointments and executive
appointments do it in the beginning
due to the beginning instead they let
record-breaking obstruction happen under
the Republicans and right before they
lost their majority Harry Reid said oh
let's live the filibuster on these
things so we're gonna nominate two or
three judges when I said
gonna lose their maturity and then they
gotta let the Republicans run roughshod
and people said no no Jake you don't
understand you progressives don't
understand they're playing
three-dimensional chess now we know for
a fact there was no three-dimensional
chess no they did exactly what I warned
about they gave up their power right
before the power of the minority right
before they went into the minority and
so now the Republicans are steamrolling
them as schumer goes not what God called
litchi there's nothing I could do and I
told you that they were taking away from
the Supreme Court appointments in a
second and incredibly foolish people who
know nothing about current day politics
said oh no no no that's a bridge too far
for Republicans they won't take away the
filibuster from Supreme Court nominees
they took it away immediately for
Gorsuch come on stop being so II
purposely stupid because it's now
insulting our intelligence so why do
they actually do things that they know
are maniacally stupid and weak because
oh my god we got to get the red state
Democrats to win so forget all the other
Democrats but there's a Democrat in
Indiana and North Dakota in West
Virginia and they think it's a brilliant
strategy to be Republican light that's
right and so because of that we're gonna
Kato everything to them we're gonna say
hey don't worry joe Manchin and Joe
Donnelly get to say oh yeah they clear
the way for Trump nominees but you just
screwed over not only all the other
Democrats but your messaging overall so
what what's driving victories today it's
voter turnout it's not only weak and
stupid it's the wrong strategy even if
all you cared about like do you think oh
she was like oh they don't understand
you they know we have red state
candidates in uh in Missouri and and and
we're even worried about our seat in
Florida and Trump actually won those we
know that you moron of course we know
that but what you don't know is you
never set up our art framing hey this is
why Democrats are right this is why
progressives are right cuz you're so
busy catering to Joe Manchin and Heidi
Heitkamp
and saying Oh Joe look they get to brag
that they gave Trump everything they
that he wanted you fool you're
suppressing voter turnout in the whole
country then who wants to come and vote
for these weak
setec senators that are supposed to
represent them on the Democratic side
right and then they don't understand
again when people turn when Democratic
voters turn their backs on Democratic
leadership and both the House and the
Senate by the way one other thing I want
to quickly mention is look they've
already tried this strategy back in 2014
when they lost control of it was the
house yeah when they lost control of the
house you had a number of Democratic
incumbents Democratic candidates who
decided uh you know I mean I'm in a
district that isn't as solidly blue as I
would like so I'm gonna run as a
Republican like conservative like
candidate and see how that works out
bunch of people got voted out of office
because they have a conservative
candidate they can vote for why would
they vote for conservative light look
they've been doing it for the last ten
years more than that and how does it
work that they've lost over a thousand
seats across the country and they're
still using the same stupid wrong
strategy because they get paid not to
learn those lessons because their donors
want the same thing as the Republicans
so last thing on this from my
perspective the thing that matters look
these nominees matter a lot so far Trump
has gotten so many more confirmed that
Obama did in the same period of time
and he goes around bragging about it and
says see I'm strong god damn it why are
you helping him like that
but secondarily and even more important
is what are they gonna do with Kavanagh
this gives you a sense of the surrender
that they are already planning and so if
they think all the Republicans are gonna
hold they're immediately going to
quote-unquote release the Donnelly's and
the matches of the world those red state
Democrats to vote with Kavanagh because
they think that's a brilliant strategy
to win in those races so they're
planning that surrender as we speak you
know what Cavanaugh is polling at you
know Trump's in the 30s and the whole
country hates him but that apparently
did not get into their heads but in
Indiana and what a double digits that
was in 2016 and he was running against
Hillary Clinton I know you love her but
the rest of the country hates her so but
you didn't learn that lesson so they
think oh no Trump must be really popular
I mean he beat Hillary Clinton and I
love Hillary Clinton so no he's not
polling at those numbers in those states
today and but Cavanaugh is he popular
he's Paul
37% I don't know if you guys still
understand numbers Democrats in
Washington 37% is a terrible terrible
number especially where a person who's a
Supreme Court nominee has not had attack
ads against them has not gotten any
negatives against them and it's
pretending to be nonpartisan usually
there's a lot more respect for judges
usually they pull way higher than
politicians he said 37% for God's sake
fight for the first time in your life
fight but likely as usual they will
surrender then they'll say we didn't
have a choice then they'll say yay we
help the red state Democrats be more
like Republicans then they'll lose and
then those along golly gee we should
have gone more right-wing yeah I know at
the end of everything that's usually
their takeaway we should have gone more
right-wing and and and the final part
will be like college we really don't
understand why progressives are upset
it's amazing all right well when we come
back from our break we'll show you
someone who actually is a fighter
unfortunately and he's a fighter against
Jeff Sessions which I would usually be
in favor of but in this context not so
much so guys get the whole show TYT calm
slasher because those three stories are
amazing what Trump did and he buried
himself with that tweet I'm gonna
explain why and then and the ones I
promised you earlier Kaepernick there's
parts of that story that nobody's
talking about why it's so important and
then the Woodward book is unbelievable
all that when we come back
