the Education Department under Betsy
DeVos has been attempting to redo some
of the efforts that were accomplished
under the Obama administration I'm
specifically talking about title 9 and
how it impacts college campuses now
under the Obama administration there was
a directive or guidance this was a non
legal binding guidance that would
essentially encourage administrators on
college campuses to investigate
accusations of sexual assault and rape
well once Donald Trump was in charge and
once he nominated and then later
confirmed Betsy DeVos as the head of the
Education Department things changed and
one of the things that Betsy DeVos
wanted to do was offer more protections
for the accused rather than the accusers
so right now as far as we know there is
a draft that will be proposed by the
Education Department the New York Times
reported on it but it is a draft as it
stands right now it is not the finalized
version but we can't tell you what the
Education Department is thinking of
doing moving forward and how disastrous
it could be if someone ends up being a
victim of sexual assault or rape on or
off college campuses so I'll give you
the details if a party is on campus and
a sexual assault or rape occurs the
university is required to investigate
the allegation provided that the alleged
victim reports to the correct
administrative official so previously
under the Obama directive let's say a
rape or sexual assault occurred on
off-campus housing that was still
something that would be required for
administrators to investigate and now
under the trump administration things
will change if it did not occur on the
actual campus well then no one is
required to actually investigate it also
the accuser whether it's a male or
female would have to go to a specific
person or the right people in order to
get that accusation investigated
previously under the Obama
administration it was different if
someone at any type of
on the college campus was alerted to
sexual assault or rape it was their duty
under this guidance to do something
about it Betsy DeVos essentially wants
to say no this person the accuser needs
to go to specific people and and you
know that these are huge changes because
it used to be that two students involved
in something regardless of where it
happened they can go to university and
university investigates it oftentimes
the RA you know the residential advisor
will be the one that gets the complaint
and then it becomes an official
complaint that becomes investigated by
by the institution but in in the case of
these new rules if they go into effect
you have to be very specific about who
you complain to and you may not be or
who you file a complaint with you may
not be comfortable if you're a student
filing a complaint with with this person
that can oftentimes have a chilling
effect on these sorts of complaints but
the one big thing here is that Betsy
DeVos is an institutionalist
and by that I mean she is working to see
that these big institutions can protect
themselves and that's what they do
naturally in these cases of sexual
assault get the Catholic Church does it
they care about protecting the church
they don't care about weeding out the in
factors the if that's not a word that
you know the perpetrators is the word o
those who've committed the infractions
and so you see it here you saw it at
Michigan with nastier that guy who was a
Michigan Michigan Betsy DeVos from
Michigan and they closed ranks the
school did to protect as you saw it at
Penn State with your Paterno and
Sandusky was raping boys in the shower
at Penn State and the Penn State
officials knew about it they closed
ranks to protect the institution DeVos
is helping them do that
DeVos wants to see these big
institutions protected and that's what
this is all about yeah let me let me
also just emphasize that a little more
because it is important so in the Larry
Nasser case there were a number of
female athletes who had gone to their
coaches to complain about what was going
on to report what was going on and those
coaches you know in a lot of cases
didn't do enough or try to do something
and it went nowhere
the point is under under this directive
should this pass going to a coach
wouldn't be enough like they would have
to go to specific designated individuals
and that makes the assumption that the
accusers have perfect information and
that they're comfortable opening up to
anyone that's been designated for that
position this the the whole the way
these reforms supposedly came about are
very interesting the Obama
administration obviously under title
nine which I have like questions about
whether or not campus rape and like the
processes for you know proceeding with
you know all the actions that are
necessary like whether that should have
been housed under title nine in the
first place but it was basically
responding to a problem campus rape okay
and we know that as it stands you know
people who are victims of sexual
violence are or I mean the stats are
there to show that they are very
unlikely to come forward and speak about
what happened to them to openly accuse
the person who violated them and that
already there's so much stacked against
those victims and that school
institution is not taking them seriously
to having to prove beyond a reasonable
doubt all the different things having to
be reach remote eyes these are all
reasons why right Obama administration
has new regulations and rules great so
it seems like actually the real reforms
need to be in helping those schools and
aiding those schools into better
implementing the regulations and the new
rules that Obama the Obama
administration set forward not to scale
them back Betsy DeVos met with family
members of supposedly wrongly accused
victims so like three or four moms who
are very active in their little boys
lives still from probably elite
universities met with these poor
embattled accused people accused of rape
and said oh no the real problem is false
accusation the real problem isn't raped
I know it seems like that but the real
problem is the one in like a hundred or
three hundred or a thousand people are
in cases of false accusation did she sit
down
and meet with campus rape groups or anti
campus rape groups did she sit down and
meet with people who designed this no
she only sat down with I would assume
very privileged families defending their
sons who were supposedly falsely accused
so again just a little bit of history of
how we've gotten to this point of once
again defending the powerful I also want
to quickly clarify something just in
case people because it's confusing right
we're not talking about criminal
proceedings in a court of law we're
talking about college or university
administrators trying to decide what
they're gonna do with a very difficult
situation this is a complex issue I
don't want anyone to think it's black or
white or that it lacks any nuance it's
very difficult to you know decipher the
right course of action moving forward
yeah what I will say is that we're not
having a discussion about due process in
a court of law we're having a discussion
about whether or not it makes sense to
punish an individual who has been
accused of rape or sexual assault on
campus or off campus at a school event
or off campus dorms you get what I'm
saying and the way that Betsy DeVos is
handling it she tries to make it seem as
though she's trying to be fair and equal
to both sides but the way that she's
handling it shows that there seems to be
a preference toward protecting the
accused as opposed to the accusers and
one of the reasons why the Obama
administration even got involved in this
was because there were multiple cases of
individuals dealing with sexual assault
and rape and their accuser was still on
campus still taking the same classes as
them and they had to deal with it with
the university brushing it under the rug
because every University wants to make
it in the top ranks and you're not gonna
make it in the top ranked so you're not
gonna enroll as many students as you
want to enroll make the money you want
to make if you are known as being a
school that has rapists and has been
protecting rapists right they've been
brushing these cases under the rug for a
long time which is why the Obama
administration got involved in the first
place it's a rule of government like
when these oh I don't want that
government involved in everything I do
I don't want to bother most things I do
but I wanted to step in when the
incentives are clearly enforcing bad be
and reinforcing bad behavior
it's totally incentivizes you in every
possible way to sweep it under the rug
just ask Jim Jordan Jim Jordan who was
you know implicit complicit in you know
wiping under sweeping under the rug
Suffolk Ohio State University I Oh state
university when he ran the friggin when
he was part of the wrestling department
department and this stuff was going on
well look at Ken Starr at Baylor
completely of covering up of sexual
assaults this is this is what they do
and as Anna says the statistics are
overwhelming I mean you know campus rape
is a real problem it's virtually an
epidemic and so that's why the Obama
administration felt the need to spring
into some kind of action and now to see
this roll back this way if it's uh I
mean and it is done really just to save
face for the institution in whatever way
to keep them at the top of the rankings
or did you say that I've heard her speak
on this if you guys have listened to
feel like six months ago or so de Vos
basically said listen there's nothing we
can do when tragic events happen the
education secretary said essentially we
can't stop campus rape educate people
not to rape that's how you stop campus
rape you're the education secretary dude
like and show that the federal
government takes cases of rape on
college campuses or off college campuses
but involving two college students
seriously she basically just said boys
she said boys will be boys in like a
press conference exactly and this is law
and order party and I know that this
still allows illegal proceeds to go down
the line but don't you are everywhere
else you're encouraging people good job
vigilante go find these people report
these people who you think are not
citizens go do that but when it comes to
a higher a system of higher education
it's like god implicit racism because
these are
college kids if you live in the numbers
college kids are like more
proportionately white people we're
well-off and that's exactly what it is
and she's protecting Jim Jordan in the
Big Ten
it's annoying too easy wasteful Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
