this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket comm alexandria custo cortez
has gotten under the skin of both
right-wingers and a good number of
people who consider themselves near the
center in a way that few politicians
generally do but the way that she's been
attacked so early on in her career very
often to me it just reeks of a
combination of quite a bit of misogyny a
little bit of racism as well and
certainly some hypocrisy which we're
going to talk about on the program today
so first of all Vox did a great write-up
of some of the examples of people just
immediately trying to disqualify her
intellectually because of either
missteps or things they want you to
believe or missteps here are a few quick
examples Norm Ornstein says this is a
person not ready for primetime certainly
certainly not ready for Congress which
is news to the majority for district
that voted for writing at The Daily
Beast Matt Lewis offered the telegenic
it girl of the left some advice you have
the potential for a very bright future
don't blow it
take your time avoid overexposure bone
up on the issues do the hard work
there's no reason to be in a rush I
don't know if she was the Russian when
she was getting her multiple degrees in
economics that's a and also maybe the
reason Ian Rush is that the Republic is
at risk of crumbling and our freedoms
are to salt every single day and so it's
sort of really huge rush yeah that's
sure that's true we have one more in one
example where people are saying you
messed up on a policy she apparently
called Obamacare the premium attacks
which it's not which I would actually
argue with but Glenn Kessler wrote this
appears to be an example of not
understanding policy nuances I think
it's an example of people attempting to
pick apart every single word of a woman
who has been interviewed 25,000 times
since she was as since she won her
primary so here's the thing she is a
young socialist Latina woman and it is
possible that our standards for people
like that are a little bit different
for other people who are more typical of
the demographics of elected government
which tend to be white males typically
older now I've been in media long enough
to know that those sorts of people have
said a lot of really stupid stuff and I
have not often seen editorials saying
well you know I think that they have a
chance of really making it someday but
they need to to bone up do the hard work
go back down before running again you
know that condescending sort of say how
old is Charlie Kirk he's like 21 gets on
Fox News he has never tweeted something
that was accurate never helped he didn't
go to college and then he uses that as
like you know I didn't go to college
that's why I can speak about you know
the middle class and also my god the
gumption of saying that she doesn't
understand political nuances and that's
why she did slap we have a president who
I don't believe understands some
definition of just the word nuance
itself it's just so mind-boggling and
over very small mistakes in in so it's
like it's already not a mistake right so
she called the Obama care premium
attacks well exactly in 2012 when the
Supreme Court saved Obamacare for the
first time it was because John Roberts
joined the majority opinion that in fact
that the penalty if you don't get the
pretty don't pay the premium is
classified as a tax and that's what
saved it that's the way the lots so
we're talking about a tiny shift is such
a it's such anyone's that yeah that I
never hear politicians speak with that
level of accuracy on this right I mean
with a Oh see I really feel like you
know haters gonna hate this is
absolutely a case of haters gonna hate
and they're jealous and they're jealous
that they weren't they had no idea who
she was that they didn't think she was
gonna win and that it's totally a finger
in the eye of you know a more
establishment whether left or right but
establishment politicians and I think
it's also they're trying to knock her
down right they're trying to undercut
her credibility and that's something
that's important because she is out
there doing a lot of media it's very
hard to get media heat around some of
these socialist ideas that she has you
know openly socialist ideas that she has
around some of these progressive ideas
that she has that may have nothing to do
with socialism but the point I'm making
is that she's smart to take this moment
she's smart too
the limelight it's very hard to get
oxygen she's finally got some and they
want to undercut her crush the fact that
so many people have jumped on and want
her interview isn't that because she's
telegenic I mean look at Sanders like
Logan Sanders we've talked about I mean
he couldn't get on to these shows when
he started his race also but like you
know and his unkempt hair and all this
and people love him anyway but I
disagree I think I'm a very beautiful
man I don't know what are you talking
about but I do think it's like they they
the reason that so many people are
interviewing her and it's it's not this
like Fame hoary celebrity stuff it's
because her ideas people are thirsty for
her ideas and and they're surprised and
inspired because of so many people being
uninspired by feeling like well I guess
I got a vote for the DEM and there's no
other option the sort of centrist
demonstrates and Wow
you know so I think that's why we
comment a little bit more I do want to
give a counterpoint because while she
does have great ideas unfortunately she
made a mistake or two so she's done
she's done but it's odd because other
politicians have made mistakes as well
or said things that were dumb or crazy
or ignorant and they were not fully
disqualified I'd like to first go to a
senator actually we're not talking about
a congressman here is a senator and here
is his argument against the theory of
climate change in case we have forgotten
because we keep hearing that 2014 has
been the warmest year on record I asked
the chair you know what this is
it's a snowball and that's just from
outside here so it's very very cold out
very unseasonal so there mr. president
catch this mm-hmm
you're just qualified go back down to
the the bush leagues and maybe someday
you can come back you're gonna see
congressional candidate Sarah Smith
pointing out great quote from
representative mo Brooks where he makes
the argument that it's not climate
change that's gonna lead to the ocean
level rising it's that soil and rock
comes out of the creeks and the streams
and that raises up the level of all of
the oceans across the entirety of the
earth so mo Brooks disqualified back in
the day George W Bush said this it's not
like strictly speaking
but it is stupid enough that he should
be disqualified you worked three jobs
uniquely American isn't it I mean that
is fantastic that you're doing that he
said that to a divorced mother of three
and look we could go through 100
examples of this dan quayle back in the
day said the Holocaust was an abscess
obscene period in our nation's history I
mean in this century's history but we
all lived in this century I didn't live
in the Center ground I'm not sure if you
did live in the center he may be one of
those fictional characters we're talking
about earlier Dan Quayle
but despite the incredible irrefutable
proof that Inhofe there showed that if
you can find the snowball global warming
is not real I think it's hard to counter
argue that snow still exists and so
trooll and it's not warming check but I
think there's something much more
sinister at the at the at the base of
just some of the sense of why people are
so hard trying to take down Cortes AOC
as you call it and it's no I don't think
it's a coincidence that she's a Latina
woman and so much of what the Trump
administration has been trying to
demonize is Latino people and I think
that's why it is so dangerous of a
moment but also so important and hopeful
moment in our nation's history right now
that just two months away is the midterm
elections and it is a defining moment
for really which course our nation's
gonna take and I think it's such an
opportunity that we need to really rally
so much harder like James Comey tweeted
as a lifelong Republican he thinks
everybody has to vote Democratic in this
midterm election just to save the
republic not because a party or platform
but because the Republicans and Congress
have abdicated their duty to put a check
on this president who is undermining all
of our norms all of our institutions all
of our values and so regardless of what
your political stance is this is a time
where you have to decide is America the
country we all believe it is the words
it is and our founding documents which
are that of embracing all people on the
Statue of Liberty taking your huddled
masses who are yearning to be free to
come to America or do you want to become
a country that is now again in its at
codifying racism codifying classism
codifying only allowing white people to
continue to climb what American do you
want
what has to be decided in two months and
I think I'm fighting hard enough to flip
the Senate oh it's a hard path to flip
the Senate easier to flip Congress well
people have had to fight revolutionary
wars Civil War's for the values of our
country all we have to do is flip a
couple of seats in the Senate not kind
of few doors not gonna the door it's
yeah let's just flip both houses let's
not just have an impeachment that can
then embarrass Trump
let's impeachment and removal from
office we need both houses for the
future of the values of our country not
about politics right now it's about who
we are two easy ways for the young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
