Trump speeches are full of moments that
make you just stop and think a little
bit about what he might mean but today
we've got one that stands out even for
him it has to do with Medicare let's
listen and they want to raid Medicare to
pay for socialism
somehow I don't see Indiana being the
next Venezuela I just don't see I grew
them I don't see it either actually the
guy in the green in the back is like Oh
Peter you drove all this way to a rally
yes said you were gonna go yeah but you
know this makes no sense
yeah obviously wonder if they are
sweetening the crowd response sounds on
these rallies because the shot of the
people behind Trump he's barely ever
getting more than 10% of people actually
laughing at these jokes oh I wanted to
come but I don't know if I can get on
board with anything cold in the next in
like five minutes
I mean honestly we talked about this
earlier this morning on John's show the
damage report but the idea that like
raiding Medicare to pay for socialism is
like saying you know he wants they just
want to raid the fridge to make your
dinner these women in the fridge making
it dinner
where'd the food go huh like well that
sounds amazing I'm hungry now yeah it
was puzzling though explain to me what
you know oftentimes you can really just
work yourself up in in knots trying to
figure out what Trump was actually
speaking about but here I really was a
little confused I mean it struck me as
something sort of the leading edge of a
talking point that we're going to hear
more and more but otherwise I can't
decode this easily well I think that
you're sort of right I think I don't
know if it's bleeding edge of a talking
point but certainly of a narrative in
that because we have these these very
popular up-and-coming in some cases DSA
backed candidates socialism as a term is
out there and unfortunately as with most
other terms and political con terms in
America we don't know what they mean we
we don't know history we don't know
geography we don't know political
science we don't know psychology I could
go on but we don't understand those
things and so Donald Trump can say
effectively whatever he wants about
socialism the only information that most
of the people in the crowd have is that
they
oh that some socialist country is 40 or
50 years ago that they're familiar with
we're failures and they might see some
bad news about Venezuela in the news
which is of course why he referenced it
there and if they buzz with us the only
information that Trump has also exactly
Trump to defy of socialism what do you
think he would say how Ron ik Lee
because socialized medicine is part of
democratic socialism the likes of which
I think a lot of candidates are running
on and that Bernie Sanders inspired the
country on which is more of a
Scandinavian democratic socialism like
if you strip all that away the socialism
that's left which is like big statues
and military parades like all that stuff
is stuff Trump would love like I mean to
be fair that's socialism is not bad
right it's socialism but that's a
fascism and that usually those those
statutes go up under autocrats and all
this sort of thing but but but it's a
fair point that that he's clueless as to
what socialism actually is and and and
even you know communism and socialism
are thrown around as as awful terms and
you can say well they're there they're
awful in their purest forms but there
are aspects of socialism that are being
applied with the with with subsidies to
major corporations in this country and
we do we have socialism here but it's
for the rich in large measure so any
real substantive conversation associated
with socialism you know has to include
that or just recently with farmers
because of Trump's tariffs II decides to
just redistribute money to help make up
for his own platforms here's how I think
he would define socialism at a rally
just to get people riled up he'd say
socialism they're gonna take your money
you're gonna take your hard-earned money
and they're gonna give it to the elites
it's called upward reverse socialism and
it's very dangerous it's like a trickle
up its trickle up it's upwards it's like
the Mystery Spot yeah it was like if I
take this coffee and it was just float
into the air towards the elites and
America doesn't want that and that's a
good arguments a solid reasoned argument
wealth you're insane it gets you
applauded look when you look at these
speeches and you should always keep this
in mind I think when we look at these
Trump speeches we should remember as
especially coming to decoding them he
speaks in applause lines you know what I
mean he's looking for cheers so even
that line that kind of doesn't make any
sense
you don't want Indiana to become the
next Venezuela do you it's sort of like
no I don't know you know you get you he
gets the response and that sort of
congregation responding him all the time
leads him to say these things that are
frankly pretty absurdist but they do get
a reaction right he realizes that the
first half of his sentence somewhere his
brain doesn't make full sense so he just
goes for a joke in the back half he's
literally it's like they're gonna raid
Medicare for socialism and nobody wants
Lex Luthor to win I also think the fact
that we only have Venezuela to point to
as a sort of failed state is is
indicative of just how afraid the right
is for socialist ideas catching on I
think Venezuela in the United States
couldn't be farther in terms of their
similarities they are so different from
one another
Venezuela is not the United States they
do not have the amount of money that we
have they're not a hegemon they are you
know they end actually and of course yes
the economy is so screwed their people
are you know eating if digging in trash
but last I checked people are also
digging in trash down in downtown LA so
we don't ever talk about the failures of
capitalism we only talk about the
failures of socialism and we say one to
one
the u.s. is Venezuela and it's gonna be
exact same and we're gonna get a hope we
get a Caribbean coast if that is that
you brought that up because they have
this one example of socialism failing
and I think it's not a hypothetical we
can come up with an example of capitals
of leaving millions of people behind of
you know what if you had a system that
for decades wages were entirely stagnant
and in fact you just lost out year after
year due to inflation what if you had a
system of health care where tens of
millions of Americans don't end up with
any health insurance what have you had
that then everybody gets scared in the
crowd and then they look around they
realize they're living in that country
right now that's an example that you can
provide here's one of the bad things for
Donald Trump so he says to the audience
socialism is really bad and they boo
they do boo for now because for a very
long time the only place that they've
heard about socialism or socialist
policies is on Fox News
delivered with the keen historical
insight of people like Laura Ingram and
Tucker Carlson and there's been no
counter-argument up until now but
unfortunately they screwed up because
they allowed people like Alexandra Casa
of Cortez to get elected people who go
on shows like Stephen Colbert in The
Daily Show and talk about economic
dignity and talk about being able to
live a life in accordance with with your
fundamental human dignity at the end of
the day that's overrated I feel like a
lot of times it's nice to go through
life like not being dignified keeps you
on your toes it's just a good ending the
other side it's like it's a good
recoverable overrated you think yes it's
over okay I mean if you can get it sure
it's nice work if you can get it but I'm
just saying is it necessary live in
America maybe not the kind of cording to
Trump I don't think so I think it's
important to be able just to to push
whatever program you want the the the
scariest part about it is that we just
lack any sort of not only context but
just any sort of measure between what
could happen and what will happen you
mentioned one word and it's as though
we're gonna overnight become something I
can become a socialist country because
you embrace certain aspects certain
positive aspects of socialist ideas yeah
it doesn't mean tomorrow America is
gonna be distributing everybody's wealth
equally across the land that's not what
it's gonna be but the fact that we don't
have any like you said any concept of
what these terms even mean it makes you
be able to say something like they're
gonna raid Medicare which is one of our
closer to socialist programs to pay for
socialism and people root on that side
it's just it's a nonsensical discord in
your brain that I don't if we can't even
have turns somebody know what they mean
there's just no way to have an
intelligence well this term has been
captured for for propaganda right
socialism communism these are these are
terms they can use and it's used in a
propagandist way so that's why the years
socialism they've weaponized socialism
even though as we've said socialism is
used to bail out Wall Street you could
that's a form of socialism right it's a
it and and for the price supports as you
say for those of farmers who are
suffering from the trade policy so
socialism is there in different ways we
don't call it socialism we call it
bailouts or whatever but but there are
ass
except this of this socialism already
very well a part of this economy yeah
it's true I mean if if corporations are
now people I wish we were able to just
shame them like call them welfare queens
you know like they've demonized
african-americans and people on welfare
or anyone not just african-americans all
people on welfare like we never hear
that we need to shame corporations as
people you lazy bums you know pay your
workers fairly give them health care I
don't know how people yell it you
clearly have not berated the homeless
enough no two easy ways for the Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
