if you look at a real catastrophe like
Katrina hurricane Maria will go down as
one of the deadliest natural disasters
in US history from 64 to 2975
I'm not gonna shut up about this I'll go
live every day until something happens
no one's come back to help us nothing
has been done America has failed Puerto
Rico it has failed its people this week
authorities raised the death toll in
Puerto Rico to 2975
which means Hurricane Maria the storm
the president claimed wasn't really that
bad now I hate to tell you Porto Rico
but you've thrown our budget a little
out of whack surpassed the death toll
from both Hurricane Katrina in 2005
which was responsible for over 1,800
deaths and in 1928 hurricane in Florida
which killed 2,500 people the revised
toll from Hurricane Marija is now nearly
identical to the number of people who
died from the 9/11 attacks which was
2,977 including some who died years
later from illnesses caused by toxic
dust exposure it is the deadly storm to
hit the US and over a century yes the
deadly storm to hit the u.s. because
Puerto Rico is a territory of the United
States and Puerto Ricans are the United
States citizens yet those citizens who
survived still living like this it's not
the truth there's people still dying
I know people who how to bury their
family members in their yard this is
American housing these are Americans
still living in devastation where is the
outrage what because it's not related to
stormy Daniels or you can't get Michael
Ivan Ari to do a segment on it while
promoting his presidential aspirations
it gets overlooked I understand the
media is fascinated with every midnight
tweet Trump sense but this happened on
his watch and he's the one who failed
the American people in Puerto Rico this
is not an Obama made problem that he can
blame it on nor does it have anything to
do with Hillary's emails what are you
surprised neighborhoods still look like
this was hand tossing individual rolls
of paper towels not enough maybe it
comes down to the fact that not until
months after the hurricane did anyone in
the media begin to question the official
death toll of just 64 but then CNN
reports those surveyed about half of the
funeral homes across the island and
found that funeral home directors
identified 499 deaths they considered to
be hurricane related and then in
December the New York Times estimated
excess deaths occurred after Maria not
to forget the Harvard study based on
door-to-door surveys that estimated
Maria killed more than 4600 people and
the overall cloudiness over these deaths
is symbolic in the US government's lacks
a basical response to this disaster the
death toll continues to rise because
there hasn't been enough emphasis put on
rebuilding of course more people are
gonna die as a result of the disaster
when their living conditions remain like
this but instead of freeing up funds to
help their fellow Americans
conservatives are out here pushing for a
bloody space army to fight ET or a
parade to show how super awesome our
fighter jets are well here's a thought
how about for a second rather than
putting funds into ways to glorify how
patriotic you are you spend money
showing it there is nothing more
patriotic than uplifting your fellow
Americans then helping them to rebuild
their communities and infrastructure so
that they have at least the bare minimum
every single Trump rally you find people
saying he's putting Americans first he
cares about the American people not just
to coastal elites but what about these
Americans are they not included
shouldn't he really be putting them
first considering the dire state of
affairs our fellow citizens are left in
don't let this disaster be swept under
the radar these are Americans in need
spread this video make the world aware
of how this administration continues to
fail its own Americans if Trump won't
put Puerto Rico first make sure you do
want to see more videos like this then
subscribe to the TYT channel below and
don't forget to become a TYT member get
accessed for as little as $4.99 a month
download the TYT Plus app on your phone
or head over to TYT comm / join today
