joining me Matt Brown running for
governor of Rhode Island he's just
Democrat and it's got a very interesting
race against the Democratic incumbent in
Rhode Island Matt welcome to the program
thanks for having me great to be with
you jack
no problem brother so let's have fun
let's start by the way it will later in
the in this interview we'll talk about
how Matt started organization that was
nominated for two Nobel Peace Prizes
not a big deal first let's talk about
your opponent I mean you got a sitting
governor who's a Democrat what's the
problem well we have a sitting governor
who's a Democrat here in one of the most
democratic states in the country but she
governs like a Republican we're a state
that had a booming economy for a century
and a half the industrial revolution
started in Rhode Island
and we have great manufacturing year for
a long time and then in the middle of
the last century Dahl left and nothing
is replaced it people have been
struggling for decades here and we have
a Democratic governor who is making
things worse she is part of the system
she takes all the corporate PAC money
all the corporate lobbyist money the
fossil fuel money the tobacco money all
of it and she's working for them and not
working for the people so the problems
here aren't getting better they're
getting worse under here and that's why
we need a change so Matt I'll ask you a
question that the anderson cooper's of
the world kept asking Bernie Sanders in
2016 primaries because I'm curious what
your specific answer is and not because
I want to say like oh please like they
do so do you think that those campaign
donations had direct effect on her
policy decisions as governor oh
absolutely you can see them every step
along the way so this is a governor who
took campaign contributions from the
executive of an energy company a natural
gas company and then announced to the
state of Rhode Island that we're going
to quote do everything we can to make
sure this company is successful in
building a fracked gas and diesel oil
burning plant in our state it would be
probably the largest one in New England
it would pollute the state it would
destroy the local community they want to
clear-cut a hundred acres of forest to
do it it would make it impossible to
meet our carbon reduction goals which
are already too timid it would
harm the future harm the environment be
bad for our children the only ones it's
good for is the company that would make
a mint burning Frank gas in Rhode Island
and this this Democratic governor who
takes campaign contributions from them
this is a Democratic governor who cut
Medicaid while taking hundreds of
millions of dollars and giving
individual handouts to different large
corporations who are her corporate
donors while cutting Medicaid and and
nursing homes closing and our hospitals
looking at closing so this is a you know
it's it's it's an old story and it's a
story hopefully that we are seeing play
out in the favor of the people across
the country this election cycle which is
politicians working for corporate
interests Wall Street interests and the
interests of the wealthiest 1% because
that's where their bread is buttered
that's where they get their campaign
contributions and the working people of
this state and as people the state have
been left behind over and over and over
and we need to give them some new
solutions yeah you know I'm just so sick
of the corruption as you're telling the
story you take money from companies and
then you do things that help the
companies even in the best case scenario
where that was a coincidence i inferred
let's come on come on who thinks it's a
coincidence but even in that basket
scenario at the very least it creates a
massive appearance of corruption it's
it's sickening if so we don't know who
to trust
etc we got to get all that money out of
politics that's why I look I emphasize
just Democrats because they don't take
any corporate PAC money then at least
you know who they represent but anyway
Matt in this case a lot of people are
excited about you because of your
qualifications and how you're running a
strong race but also because I think the
people of Rhode Island might be honor
because her approval rating is down at
40% now so so talk to me about the state
of the race my guess is all the
establishment is on her side I guess is
she's got more money but but where do
you stand in the race right now
yeah no you're absolutely right this is
a Democratic incumbent governor in one
of the most democratic states in the
country at a time when Democrats are
surging every
and still a large majority of people are
looking for someone else your numbers
are stocking up mid to mid to high 30s
approval so we've got a big opening here
and we're putting forward a strong dish
and a strong agenda to change things in
this state and we're running a
grassroots campaign so I'm not taking
any corporate PAC money as you know any
corporate lobbyists money any fossil
fuel money or any of that we're running
a grassroots campaign we we did 70
events in the first two months and we
just kept rolling from there we've got
great momentum just as Democrats as you
mentioned indivisible or revolution all
behind this campaign because people are
looking for a real change and they're
looking for different leadership that's
not working for the corporate and Wall
Street interests but are working to
solve problems that people are facing
we're looking looking for the kind of
agenda that I've been putting forward to
Medicare for all in the state $15 an
hour minimum wage but also some really
special ideas that are unique to Rhode
Island that we think could be models for
the country and really change the way
things are done
so obviously I'm trying to block this
frack gas burning plant that the current
governor has pushed for and instead make
rhode island the first fully clean
energy state in the country we've got
all this wind off our coast we could
actually be the first state of the
country not only to produce all of our
energy from renewable resources but the
first state of the country to do that
and export the surplus as a new source
of industry and revenue for the people
here and not only that I'm proposing we
do in Rhode Island with the wind energy
profits what they do in Alaska with
their fossil fuels profits which is to
give the people of this state a dividend
the money that we can earn of a win and
why should we do that I'll tell you
because a no corporation or no or bank
should own wholly owned the Sun the
water or the weight it doesn't belong to
them it belongs to all of us those are
our natural resources they should get a
piece of it for putting up a wind farm
but the people should get a little bit
of those profits too and that's what I
proposed here in Rhode Island so man
that is a winning strategy I talked
about that on the show all the time you
know the throw around the word socialist
all the time but the governor who
returned that fossil fuel money to its
rightful owners in Alaska the citizens
velasca was Sarah Palin and and her
popularity rating it because of that
move was at 80% so if you're talking
about and then the old time the company
said oh yeah we'll move where you gonna
move the wind is in Rhode Island
excellent point this this this plan to
make Rhode Island the first fully clean
energy state in the country and give a
give some the dividends back to the
people the state this this is a plan
that would create 11,000 jobs for the
offshore wind for the solar and these
are jobs as you say that can't be
outsourced they're tied to the landscape
here they're not going to be able to go
to put overseas or go somewhere else
you're gonna have to stay right here in
Rhode Island and earn good wages for the
people here so you talked about you know
this race against an incumbent but
you've done this before your former
Secretary of State and and you went up
against incumbent Democratic Secretary
of State in a primary and one when you
were 32 so how'd you win that time you
know very similar to what we're doing
now that was going up an establishment
that was corrupt that was a Democratic
Party establishment here I was coming in
as a somebody had worked in the
grassroots and worked in communities my
whole life I was the prior to that
co-founded and lead city year in Rhode
Island
which gets young people doing national
service work for a year tutoring kids in
schools and then they go on to earn a
scholarship in return for college city
or became the model for AmeriCorps which
is now engaged over a million young
people and in service across the country
over over the last two decades so that's
where I was coming from with a
perspective of community service and
community work and solving real problems
and I came in as an outsider challenged
as you say incumbent Democrat the
primary took down the whole
establishment and we won because you
know the voters are looking for change
they were looking for new leadership
they were looking for a government that
would be accountable to them and we made
a lot of big changes when I was
Secretary of State the the primary thing
was we took on the corporate lobbyists
at our Statehouse at that time we're not
reporting their activities their
spending and so on so they're making
deals behind closed doors with no no
light no transparency and we enforce
those rules and made
do that I setup principle they'd be
almost the entire office were white
people and I said a principle that 50%
of our hire would be people of color we
did that that was a big battle if you
can imagine so we made a lot of changes
there and then I went on to co-found and
lead global zero an international
nonprofit organization afterwards okay
we're almost at that time so I really
want to ask you about global zero so
it's was nominated for two Nobel Peace
Prizes that's amazing that a group you
founded got to be in that situation so
what did it do and how did he get there
global zero is an organization I
co-founded a nonprofit organization that
did international work bringing leaders
of all backgrounds together we were
backed by President Obama other leaders
former presidents prime ministers around
the world and we worked to get
governments to come to the table
governments often in conflict to
negotiate treaties to reduce nuclear
arms with the ultimate goal of reaching
their elimination and we pushed for
several treaties that were successful
and for that work we were nominated for
two Nobel Peace Prizes we also did a lot
of grassroots organizing with young
people to to to help raise a new
generation of people who are going to
take this cause all the way to global
zero to zero nuclear weapons worldwide
nice you've got a lot of amazing stories
Matt Brown for governor calm Matt Brown
for governor calm we'll have all the
links down below if you're watching
later on YouTube or Facebook just click
on the links check out his policy
positions and then volunteer and donate
cuz he needs you guys you're going up
against the big corporate Democrats and
Matt just one last quick thing were you
energized by the Andrew Gilliam win last
night very energized it so it shows that
people are looking for the kind of
change we're talking about it shows that
we want to get back to core Democratic
Party values it's supposed to be the
party for the people not for
corporations in Wall Street and that's
what people are looking for and we're
seeing a surge here we've got two weeks
left to go and I want to thank you so
much for having me on and just echo the
last point you made this is a grassroots
campaign up against what I believe is
probably the most extreme corporatist
right-wing Democrat in the country and
we've got to show that that is not what
the party is going to be anymore and we
got to show it right here in Rhode
Island
from today so please join us get
involved contribute because this is
driven by small small dollar
contributions and thank you very much
for having me no problem now ask not
what Brown can do for you but what you
can do for brown okay thank you man we
appreciate it thanks Jane thanks so much
