Tallahassee Florida's mayor Andrew
Gilliam is running for governor in the
state of Florida he won the Democratic
primary and now Andrew Gilliam is
dealing with some interesting commentary
from his Republican opponent
representative Ron de santis he's also
hoping to become the governor of Florida
now during a recent Fox News interview
De Santis used some interesting words
don't want to give too much away let's
take a look how do you plan to beat him
well look I mean this is the Florida
elections are always competitive and you
know this is a guy who although he's
much too too liberal for Florida I think
he's got huge problems with how he's
governed Tallahassee you know he is an
articulate spokesman for those far left
views and he's a charismatic candidate
and you know I watched those Democrat
debates none of that it was my cup of
tea
but I mean he performed better than the
other people there so so we've got to
work hard to make sure that we continue
Florida going in a good direction let's
build off the success we've had on
governor Scott the last thing we need to
do is to monkey this up by trying to
embrace a socialist agenda okay so that
was on purpose let's start with bad and
go to really ugly in his comments can I
can I play devil's advocate first so you
said that was on purpose what if someone
says well maybe he unwittingly used a
word that is usually used in in a racist
context so monkey is the word that I'm
talking about right yeah is there any
chance that he unwittingly used that one
no he did it so we could do this segment
and of course not about the young turks
in particular although that would be fun
know so that all the press would call
him racist and why would he want to
press the calm racist the Trump strategy
what he's doing is he's planting his
flag and telling all the what he
perceives to be the white racist voters
of Florida I'm your guy don't worry I'm
not gonna let this I can't even say it
right person take over okay I'm not
gonna let this black guy take over and
so he and I'll talk more about why I
think he did it on purpose
first let's break down the words
so a he called him charismatic and
articulate now you might think well
those are lovely words there's nothing
wrong with that well oftentimes that's
what people say about African Americans
because and some people say with not bad
intent most people say with not bad
intent right like oh he's articulate
like why are you noting that he's
articulate what's what you know what I'm
saying because to them it's a bit of a
surprise but really and a lot of people
are mad about that if you're not mad
about that I get it I get it and and by
the way Democrats is a Joe Biden called
Obama articulate in a very similar way
so that's kind of what I mean when I say
first of all with with the Santis it is
playing devil's advocate I really do
think that he has bad intent but there
have been cases of well-meaning
well-intentioned people unwittingly
saying something that's deemed offensive
now the reason that he is he warmed up
with articulate and charming is because
he wants liberals to attack and then he
can go I call him articulate and they
call me racist anyway you see that what
are they doing they're calling you
racist so come join me so this is a
trick that is actually very smart in in
politics Republicans use it all the time
Democrats almost never use it because
they're clouds and what it's it's in his
case he's put a twist on it
it's planting your flag on a moral high
ground and inviting your opponents to
attack you in his case it's an immoral
high ground but his political
calculation is that a lot of white
voters in Florida will perceive that
attack as against them because they hate
the word racist they gets under their
skin so he's inviting the press they
attack him as racist and knows and know
that that they can't help it right
because it was a deeply racist thing to
say not articulate the so he warmed up
with that and then he got to we can't
monkey and he hid that word if you watch
that tape he almost post was just like a
millisecond and then was like monkey
around and so it was not enacted this
guy is a politician he's look for he's a
hateful guy
but he's not a buffoon he is we talked
about him last night before he ever did
this and then and we talked about him on
the show before when he ran their ad
saying that he was with Donald Trump and
Ben and I gave him a lot of credit last
night you know that was a horribly
obnoxious and a lot of ways that he's a
beta male for like Oh Donald Trump oh my
god I tell people and he's talking to
his baby and he's building walls as
showing him how to hate Mexicans etc but
that you know Republican primary that's
gonna work right so he's did that on
purpose and given that context of him
doing these kind of political strategy
this is clearly on purpose inviting us
to call him a racist so that he can take
advantage of that I think it is a
miscalculation I'll get to that in a
second okay also I wanted to add a
little more I guess evidence or strength
to the argument that you're making
because look sometimes people will use
an expression that they don't realize
has a very negative dark past so I
remember one time Jencks ed off the
reservation without realizing off the
reservation was you know a phrase used
in a negative way toward Native
Americans
so monkey around I don't know if monkey
around has a negative past or whatever
but monkey around is a phrase but he
didn't use the phrase monkey around he
said monkey this up which i think is an
interesting like there's a distinction
there you see what I'm saying he's
stretching to use the word monkey yeah
okay and so on the author reservation
thing you know and and there's different
connotations at different time periods
too in the old days that was a perfectly
normal thing to say but if you thought
about it it's actually not a very
pleasant thing to say about Native
Americans in the old days people will
use the word oriental instead of Asian
right and they didn't mean any harm by
it now if you use it well why are you
using it when people find it offensive
it's like you're trying to insult people
yeah now is there some old-school folks
who use the word colored because that's
what they grow up what they don't mean
any harm by it okay so it's it's a
variety in this case it's a 39 year old
politician who has played these
politics before in his very first
interview he hits you with three code
words going from subtle to completely
not subtle and and he's in my opinion as
I've explained doing it on purpose to
rally his voters so why is it a
miscalculation because man it is going
to animate voters on the other side he's
Republicans are used to hitting
Democrats and Democrats not responding
but these are different times a lot of
Democratic voters progressives and
minorities are super pissed at Trump so
then you go and call a historic
candidate Andrew Yellin would be the
first african-american governor of
Florida and he had a shocking upset
victory that people are really really
proud of and then you call him a monkey
on on day one be careful what you wish
for you just might get it
I think that a lot of people are gonna
show up to vote not just for Andrew
Gilliam but against the Santis so he
went to that playbook one too many times
and he's miscalculating how many races
there are in Florida so I hmm I don't
know I I think you might be wrong about
that so their only reason why I say it
is because Florida is one of the only
states that has not only maintained its
support for Trump but has increased its
support for Trump right and I know that
because I've kept a close eye on Florida
because my husband's from there anyway
but nonetheless I think that yeah like
he's using this strategy and this tactic
because he really genuinely thinks it's
gonna work and he thinks it's gonna work
because it's the same rhetoric that
Trump uses and the voters in Florida
seem to love it yeah no no again but
let's talk about who the voters are so
one last analysis here as to why I think
it's a political miscalculation so
people who are animated by the
right-wing unfortunately are fairly
consistent voters so when you look at
likely voters they're in that camp
so and for example here's some facts to
back that up Trump had stunning a high
turnout from white evangelical voters
the kind that are sticking with him no
matter what he says about other people
85% of them voted turned out to vote and
81% of them voted for Donald Trump
those are unreal numbers they're
incredibly high so those guys are
already animated to go out and vote for
people like the Santa's who say that
they are in love with Donald Trump and
they do ad song he he has his wife
talking about how awesome Donald Trump
is right you are talking about a
okay but they love that they're like oh
a guy who cuts himself to our
authoritarian leader good job
those guys are already gonna show up and
vote but unfortunately a lot of
Democrats don't vote you know that in
Florida that is trending Republican and
has been for years there's actually more
registered Democrats than Republicans
but god damn it they don't go and vote
until you call their historic candidate
a monkey and so it's more likely the
Democrats will show up in anger and cost
you the election
because if both sides show up Democrats
weren't even in places like Florida so I
think he's using an old playbook that
worked for a long long time but not in
this election there is a blue wave in
hit one last piece of context for you
guys in terms of facts last couple of
primaries in on the Democratic side in
Florida got about 800 votes voters out
this primary 1.4 million gilliam until
last week was polling and forth
why was he pulling in fourth but came in
first because the poll looks at likely
voters but unlikely voters showed up to
vote for Gilliam young progressive
minorities okay and so Gilliam can bring
those guys out and then you help his
cause by calling him a monkey basically
and those guys are gonna show up in
force in the general election and then
you screwed yourself and if that if I'm
right about that and that happens oh
sweet justice and and no matter whether
that works or doesn't work whoever is
right on the political calculation let's
just acknowledge the Santis you wanted
it fine you'll get it
you are a deeply racist person and the
fact that you're willing to divide us
and a play on that fear and especially
that hatred and do it on purpose
makes your dish
despicable human being and if you're a
decent person in Florida no matter what
your race is or even what your party is
you're really gonna proudly support that
guy no you should show up to say not on
my watch that's not the America I
believe in
you know what game is playing even if
you're a Republican you know what game
he's playing are you gonna let him get
away with it Florida that's my question
to you by the way yes Andrew Gilliam
calm he was on rebel headquarters he's a
fantastic candidate and he will actually
fight for the average person in Florida
we'll have the link down below if you're
watching later on YouTube or Facebook
click on the link go to his website at a
bare minimum find out what who he
actually is as a person and as someone
who's looking to represent you look at
his policies and see if he's gonna
deliver for you while the other guys
throwing around names and trying to
divide you want to see more videos like
this well you can all you have to do is
subscribe to the TYT channel below and
don't forget to become a TYT member and
download the TYT Plus app on your phone
head over to T y-t-dot-com slash join
today
