Governor Andrew Cuomo has decided to end
an investigation into how the district
attorney in New York handled a case of
sexual assault that was alleged against
Harvey Weinstein now when the whole
Harvey Weinstein story broke there was a
recording made by an Italian model where
it appeared that Harvey Weinstein
admitted to sexually assaulting her that
evidence was then presented to a
district attorney Cyrus Vance jr. in New
York and he decided not to press any
charges or prosecute Harvey I'm sorry
Harvey Weinstein yes okay so that became
a bit of a scandal and then you look
into some of the funding that this
district attorney's office had received
and they had received $10,000 in
donations from the law firm representing
Harvey Weinstein yes so at that point
Governor Andrew Cuomo comes in and says
this is unacceptable we need to launch
an investigation into the DA's office to
see what the hell is going on we got to
figure out what the hell is going on
okay he has since reversed that decision
so there are layers of politics and
corruption in this story so I believe
that that Cuomo's decision was political
in a couple of different ways but the
most important part of this story is the
underlying fundamental part is the
corruption of our entire system right
but the most important political part is
what this is gonna do to Cuomo because
it looks real bad if Cynthia Nixon
pressed on this open wound there's some
chance that look sometimes one issue was
your whole election that people get so
mad about this that it could cost them
and why did Cuomo do it because it can't
help himself so let's give you details
and I will explain the different layers
okay so just to repeat myself and make
sure that we're clear the DA's office
Cyrus Vance jr. the district attorney
had received $10,000 in donations from
the law firm representing Harvey
Weinstein there was never any
prosecution okay yeah and to be clear he
got it a couple months after he declined
to prosecute so
I don't know what's worse or better if
you get it ahead of time or afterwards
and if it includes a wink or a nod so
Andrew Cuomo says we need to investigate
this and figure out why the DA decided
not to prosecute Harvey Weinstein but
news developed indicating that no the
governor has decided to completely
dropped it well suspend this
investigation if people were wondering
why now David Sirota dug into this story
and has a possible reason why and he
writes in capital and main com New York
Governor Andrew Cuomo has halted an
investigation to the handling of the
Weinstein case just as Bowie's law firm
gave Cuomo's campaign $25,000 so boys is
ycs lawyer or was ycs laurent till very
recently so he's going around handing
out checks to all the people who might
prosecute why see what a nice
coincidence for Weinstein and it turns
out they all decide that they are gonna
drop investigations left and right this
is the third time we're clarifying Cuomo
did not drop an investigation of
Weinstein he dropped an investigation of
the prosecutor who would not prosecute
Weinstein exactly but charges and
investigations are being dropped left
and right as checks are being dropped
left and right so and and to be extra
clear the investigations into Harvey
Weinstein continue so this is not about
Harvey Weinstein anymore this is about
investigating the district attorney and
the decision that was made to not
initially investigate Harvey Weinstein
or prosecute him after these allegations
had come forward Cuomo in March called
for the New York Attorney General's
Office to investigate the handling of
the case which revolved around
accusations that Weinstein groped an
Italian model so at the time Cuomo said
quote it is critical not only that these
cases are given the utmost attention but
also that there is public confidence in
the handling of these cases unless of
course I get $25,000 in my reelection
campaign then all of a sudden the
public's trust isn't as important I
added that last part obviously all right
let me go to gravity five here because
this is you know a lot of ways the most
important part of the story because it
gives you the overall picture
all boys and his law firm have given
Cuomo's gubernatorial campaigns more
than 245 thousand dollars since 2009 so
let me give you Cuomo's excuse and then
I'll break down what I think actually
happened Cuomo says oh no it's since
they're prosecuting now I didn't want to
investigate the the prosecutor because
the defense attorney could use some of
the evidence we uncovered maybe to help
Weinstein now you can say hey you know
what maybe that's a legitimate point as
to why they might want to suspend the
investigation but you knew that before
so why now decide to drop the
investigation of the prosecutor okay so
let's now rewind and tell you what I
think are the real motivations here so
Cyrus Vance does not prosecute he gets a
$10,000 check against Weinstein yeah and
and until it blows up really so he has
he's embarrassed because he got caught
with his hand in the cookie jar and then
decides to prosecute otherwise his
career is ruined okay because why is
he's such an obvious monster and now
everyone knows it before Cyrus Vance
knew it because he had all the evidence
he just chose not to pursue it so look
at what's wrong with the system we allow
campaign contributions to prosecutors
yeah gee I wonder if that's a system
that's gonna lead to corruption of
course the ritual give money to
prosecutors not to get prosecuted I mean
let's just acknowledge how insane that
is
acknowledged yeah wolf dash pack.com if
you're not fighting to get money out of
politics well with these oligarchs gonna
rule us I mean this it's this system is
defined by corruption it's you know what
to talk about rigged it's rigged on
behalf of the rich by definition okay of
course you shouldn't be allowed to give
money to a prosecutor that's insanity
even if it's for his campaign so now go
to Cuomo Cuomo decides that he's gonna
investigate Cyrus Vance Jr is that
because Cuomo is so deeply ethical and
he was moved by the the fact that
advanced wouldn't prosecute know they're
they're politicians in the same state in
the same
so hey this is a good way to dig my
opponent and make sure he doesn't get up
okay if you're not aware of New York
politics history a ton there's no reason
you should be let me just fill you in
real quick Cuomo had started another
investigation earlier on an unrelated
topic and when the investigation about
ethics turned to him and it turned out
he had done some seriously unethical
things he immediately ended the
investigation said oh we're done here
wait wait but they didn't give a report
and they were investigating you
it's a trump-like move he's like no
we're done with that and now we're going
crazy over Trump as we should
considering firing Muller in essence
Cuomo fired his own Muller okay and so
now he's like oh look at that I have
found ethical problems I will now
investigate this other guy who might one
day be a challenger to me okay now Boyce
comes in he goes hey remember all that
money I gave you what do you think I
gave it four and plus have another
$25,000 check for you okay so the
governor can't decide whether they're
gonna do investigations of the
prosecutors the District Attorney they
and so many other monumentally important
decisions and we allow people to bribe
them well boys can see him boys look
he's a lawyer he represents his clients
I get it I get it and he's a progressive
and he's a good guy and maybe he likes
Cuomo maybe he gave it because he just
loves Cuomo I don't care what I care
about is a system that says here's
quarter of a million dollars and then
maybe you do what I tell you to do maybe
you don't
well golly gee I guess we'll never know
so okay so the vast majority of that
money was previously given to Cuomo by
the law firm where boys is a partner
right the additional $25,000 was the new
money that was given to Cuomo after he
had launched this investigation against
the prosecutors so then he ends up
suspending this investigation and so yes
look we can't definitively say that that
$25,000 was the factor that led to his
decision right I speculate that it was I
have reason to believe that it was
and if it's proven that that was the
reason why he did it this could cost him
his political career right
I mean if Cynthia Nixon plays this the
way that we hope she plays it right
think about it he launched this
investigation gets twenty five that's
all it took twenty five thousand dollars
to investigate prosecutors to end the
investigation of prosecutors like that's
all it took twenty five thousand dollars
is not a lot of money yeah no no
politicians can be bought pretty cheap
it's there's actually a great great
investment so why is this in capital and
main gave us or doing a fantastic job
why isn't it
headline in New York Times he's the New
York Governor anything is a little bit
relevant well because the mainstream
media is actually 100 percent used to
corruption and they view it to be
standard course like well of course I
mean you could of course you give
quarter of a million dollars to Cuomo
Nene does exactly what you tell them to
but that's a coincidence guys that's a
coincidence
so now look the 245 makes a difference
even before you get to the 25 because
there's a history of corruption here we
give you money you do what we tell you
now they had this comical statement that
they put out a spokesperson for the law
firm said neither mr. Boies nor anyone
from his firm ever discussed
Harvey Weinstein or mr. Vance with mr.
Cuomo or anyone from his office at
anytime of course you think boys who's
one of the best lawyers in the country
is gonna be enough of a schmuck to say
now remember Andrew this is $25,000
check to buy you make sure you drop the
investigation you think Cuomo doesn't
know he's ycs lawyer okay so I and again
whether you think this particular check
is connected to this particular decision
is not nearly as important is how deeply
deeply corrupt the system is where you
can just buy politicians by prosecutors
and then we have no idea why you did it
and why he took the actions that he did
do you guys trust that Cuomo did it for
purely ethical real ideological
principle reasons well how could you
possibly trust that even if quote was a
great guy how could you trust then he
got brought because he gets
systematically bribed by the way yes
like all other politicians do but the
New York Times and everyone
like oh well that's yeah well hey
another coincidence okay no big deal
let's just move on here but look I agree
with Anna people are sick of it
absolutely sick of it and why scene is a
poster child for the rich and the
powerful getting away with things that
they shouldn't have no business getting
away with into you know you you wouldn't
get anywhere near getting away with and
nor should you
but he might you and you know it and he
had and he did for all those years now
new york times before also covered for
Weinstein when they mainly sold ads and
that's how they got their revenue and
why these companies were huge
advertisers of the New York Times
now they mainly work on a subscription
model all of a sudden they run the
Weinstein story now but Cuomo look there
is a little bit of truth to what the
right-wing says about the media it's not
that they're liberal it's not anywhere
close to that right but do they know the
Democratic politicians and give them
more of a break it's that not
progressives but establishment Democrats
a little bit yeah because if Trump had
done this they'd be all over them Cuomo
does it just keeps on taking bribe after
bribe after bribe I grant you it's legal
but it's brazen and Cuomo's case he'll
take money from the real estate industry
and then turn around and you giant tax
breaks for the real estate industry in
New York oh I am helping to stimulate
the economy I've seen this game before
what's happening in LA as well yeah and
I see what the Republicans I see it with
Democrats the only people who can't see
it apparently are the rest of the media
who have been trained to accept
corruption as a status quo and not to
challenge it so not only do I challenge
Cuomo on this but I challenge the New
York Times this is you missed Alexandra
Ocasio Cortez and now you're sitting on
your hands as you have a deeply corrupt
governor what are you doing I thought
you were the great mighty New York Times
you might want to get to it
did you know the TYT network is now
available on youtubes new streaming
platform YouTube TV get access to full
TYT episodes and exclusive shows by
signing up for YouTube to
today all new subscribers get a seven
day free trial so head over to YouTube
dot TV and search for TYT networks
channel
