White House Council dawn began will no
longer be the White House Council he
will be out of the White House in the
fall
apparently Magan learned about this
through Twitter when Trump announced it
he said through his tweet that the White
House Counsel dawn Magan will be leaving
his position in the fall shortly after
the confirmation hopefully of Judge
Brett Kavanaugh to the United States
Supreme Court I have worked with Don for
a long time and truly appreciate his
service so it was a nice complimentary
you know reaction or response to McGann
but Trump has had some issues with
McGann as of late remember there was a
huge story involving Don McGann
testifying or cooperating with robert
muller the special counselor counsel in
the russia investigation there was also
a little bit of conflict with trump on
the issue of whether or not to pardon
Paul Manafort and they have been butting
heads so it appears that Trump made this
decision and who knows who he plans on
replacing Don began with no but here's
the fun part of the story McGann
apparently found out through Twitter
yeah I said that yeah and so he's like
oh you jus were you gonna tell me that
we had not coordinated at all on when I
was gonna leave and how we were gonna
announce it
come on McGann you're surprised you know
what a clown he is you know what a
buffoon he is and then McGann we found
out a couple of weeks ago in the New
York Times had talked to the prosecutor
or special counsel as Anna told you and
and Trump apparently didn't know so at
the time Trump played it off as a
greaser quote from him I allowed white
House Counsel down began and all other
requested members of the White House
staff to fully cooperate with the
special counsel okay all right great you
allowed him to cooperate so everything's
hunky-dory right and then why did you
turn around a couple of weeks later
really again is leaping you okay he we
had a good relationship but he's gone
okay
hey we guys like what what what happened
so so we had covered that story in
detail when it originally broke but just
to remind you all of what happened Trump
had his own personal lawyers at the
White House and
they were the ones who were encouraging
Magan to cooperate with Muller and it
was because these attorneys who are no
longer working with Trump genuinely
believed that Trump was innocent that
hadn't done anything with Russia and so
they're urging Magan to cooperate
Magan and truck don't trust each other
at this point so Magan was under the
assumption that Trump was trying to
screw him over and and put him in a
position where he would take the fall
for this whole Russia investigation so
it begins like okay fine I'm gonna
cooperate and I'm gonna cooperate fully
so he spoke to Muller for 30 hours but
here's the thing Trump and his attorneys
are so incompetent that none of them
asked for a briefing on what was
discussed they had no idea how long he
had spoken to Muller it was a complete
and utter disaster and my favorite part
of that story was many months later
after he testified and he talked McGann
talked about what Trump did with Comey
how he has sessions to you know stop
being the Attorney General or was
looking to find out how he can get
sessions to stop being attorney Jo
because he had recuse himself and would
not protect Donald Trump from an
investigation and by the way we found
that also that Magan threatened to
resign at one point when Trump wanted a
fire mulher so all that was what he
testified to and then McGann sat around
waiting waiting waiting for the rest of
Trump's strategy and he's like wait why
is he throwing me under the bus I
thought he was gonna do that and that's
why he allowed me to testify and then
realized oh he has no strategy and so
the New York Times wrote that hey McGann
and his own personal lawyer it dawned on
them later that the Trump had no plan
and that he actually was not being
adversarial Dimmick McGann he just
didn't know what he was doing yes I
already given evidence the Muller which
is a great break for us and what did I
tell you he's gonna get caught rumpus
because he's deeply stupid and he
couldn't manage his way out of a paper
bag including in this case so and here's
my third favorite part of the story and
a white house inside of that often deal
with the in fact he's a former White
House official he's anonymous at talking
to the hill said the White House
counsel's office has baganz office is an
island of competence and professionalism
in an otherwise chaotic and amateurish
West way that sounds about right and he
said of course that day it'll be a
tremendous loss if you have to wonder if
this well-oiled machine please starts to
sputter a bit after he leaves ok there's
no well-oiled machine so you can tell
the guy actually isn't very much a
Republican yeah and supportive but he's
like yeah it's mainly because I'm
against competence otherwise is chaotic
and amateurs Magana has actually done a
lot for Trump he helped Trump confirm 60
federal judges 60 and what does he get
in return well you weren't super loyal
to Donald Trump personally and you
didn't cover up his crimes so one day
you wake up and there's a tweet saying
oh you're leaving when you didn't even
know you were leaving I think it's a
good thing from again oh yeah yeah I
don't know if I'm again I'm thinking oh
thanks god I thought it'd never come
that's like the tweet from heaven have
you heard about the new TYT audio
network we have some great new shows for
you find us wherever you get your
podcast by searching for TYT Network or
head over to T y-t-dot-com slash audio
