uh you don't play a little game of
course yeah we went through a lot of
headlines you know we had stuff like CNN
Huffington Post stuff like that we also
looked at how did Breitbart and Drudge
Report this but you might have noticed
if you've been watching a lot of these
one notable site we have not gone to yet
and that is Politico is calling that our
evolution has been in disarray month
after month after month okay now they
now have a headlight so they had
previously had one that DeSantis one
Gilliam leading like in small font what
did they put as their final okay so yeah
this is the context of this you've never
seen this before is recently in one of
the elections progressives had a great
night they won like a particular one
like sixty seventy percent of their
election was is stunning
right and political still wrote a like a
dismissive headline it wasn't even a
headline it was like in the context of
the article or the content of the
article they were like I yeah but I
really lose him I mean so they've been
unbelievable so far in our session so
can they do it even on a night like this
where Andrew Gilliam Wednesday historic
clearly progressive make sure every
other outlet is saying big progressive
victory
what will Politico do I already love
this game but as I predicted earlier in
the night I just think this is too big a
victory that even Politico will have to
give in and say yes it is a good
progressive victory lane headline is boy
trapped in refrigerator exactly Thank
You airplane and right under that is
divided Democratic vote allows black guy
to sneak in former Health and Human
Services Secretary wins or you know run
a primary 27 the busy
right we burned it down a shillelagh
instead this okay you good headline bad
headline so every night we wouldn't be
talking about I don't think John would
have brought it up this way if it was a
great headline so it was a probably a
muted headline I would say DeSantis
being the headline and and gilliam
underneath or going to what is actually
accurate which is this that you know to
sensationalize at Trump vs. Bernie in
Florida you know which is which is
actually what this is and I think that's
a way of you know looking at this you
think they'll focus on the Sanders part
of it I'm that same political sure to
hire Michael to write their headlines
I'm just saying okay all right so what
are we the one thing that you all got
wrong was Michael assuming that I would
only bring up this game you fit in with
my preconceptions and I really was
hoping that Jenk would get it wrong but
Sanders backed Gilliam not just Florida
primary stunner
it doesn't say progressive but it does
say Sanders back game yes so alright ago
let it goes will okay Down Goes Politico
I believe political disarray has to
report facts tally is the first
paragraph Tallahassee mayor Andrew
Gilliam delivered an upset victory in
Florida's Democratic gubernatorial
primary Tuesday night toppling several
well-funded candidates after a late
surge in the polls and support from
progressive groups they also had the
picture of him holding up arms of
Sanders we joke about fluke okay they're
not the worst so here's some analysis of
this race because I missed it while you
guys were probably well you fellas just
celebrating but but but I spoke to three
Republicans in Florida that one who
worked on Rubio's campaign and two who
were party chairmen in two different
counties in in Florida and earlier in
the day they said as long as Gilliam
doesn't win it doesn't matter if it's
Putnam or DeSantis but you know almost
we feel like it's gonna be DeSantis and
they were much more afraid of Gilliam
than they were of Gwen Graham the reason
being the kind of voters that can come
out for Gil
because of Scott so now this makes Rick
Scott's race much more difficult because
black voters and progressive voters are
gonna come out in droves whereas they
may not have had Gwen Graham one gram
bin at the top of the ticket because
Bill Nelson doesn't inspire you know
that so many people to come out in that
of that ilk right now Michael you know
they're celebrating more us or Bill
Nelson I would say Bill Nelson probably
more but I don't think you would be able
to tell and they say well Gilliam and I
are gonna do well go to Denny's and call
Gwen Graham actually great news for you
probably accidentally what yes well you
know and he's been down and stopping
Scotsmen running up four or five points
in that race and it hasn't looked good
for him this is just what Republicans
didn't want because the the types of
voters that are gonna come out the other
thing and one of these sort of undercard
stories here you can talk about Bernie
and he had a lot to do with getting him
on the map luis gutierrez the
representative from illinois who's
leaving Congress who's a Puerto Rican
who was moving to Puerto Rico actually
endorsed Gilliam early or you know late
late June which is which is early for a
race that's in late August I guess and
it was a former colleague of Graham's -
you have to remember he has gotten in
touch with and reached out to so many
Puerto Rican community leaders and a lot
of the people that have facilitated
Puerto Ricans resettling in Florida to
make sure that they came out for Gilliam
that endorsement it's probably
underrated but so important because the
margin was so small those are new voters
in Florida and those are voters that a
lot of people thought would go to you
know that Scott were saying well I'm
gonna get these voters I'm gonna guess
let me take it mean use your point to
sound like Jake I think a little bit so
how is it gonna be fun how is it
I'm the smartest guy in the world and no
one recognizes you monster Michael
Michael with some some you know adding a
really a nice degree of context from the
people who you talk to the Republicans
who were worried about a gallon victory
why do Democrats have to learn who the
dangerous Democrat is from Republicans
like the establishment Democrats still
backed her they backed her throughout
they allowed again I don't know how
you'd get around it but they allowed the
the the slim chance the Democrats have
for winning the Senate which is thought
to be a year and a half ago thought to
be zero chance upped itself up to man if
there's an incredible wave and Ted Cruz
losers who knows maybe we could actually
win the Senate
except for this weird mitigating factor
that Rick Scott was gonna beat a sitting
Democratic senator in Florida that they
allowed bill Nelson he runs unopposed he
inspires nobody doesn't get any of these
people out they endorse a candidate in
Florida in for the governor's race in
Florida who doesn't inspire tremendous
people and doesn't get these people out
Republicans knew to be afraid of this
guy why didn't Democrats recognize that
if Republicans are afraid of this guy
this is the guy what they did because
they they elected Gilliam tonight no no
and before the voters did but but but no
you mean the party in the park yes you
want to say apparatchik
I do not all right okay I don't know
because it takes a while to learn that
and and it's a you know but but I'm
serious like there's human nature if you
are somebody who is a part of a party
for a long time and Bob Graham is the
godfather of that party in your state
and his daughter who was a congresswoman
is leaving the Congress and running for
governor and has been for a while you
get on board early not everybody did and
and the people that didn't are with
Gilliam now it just seems like there's a
fair amount and I'm not again again this
is me doing jank so I'll mitigated but
it just seems like a lot of people it
seems like that many democratic decision
makers many people in the party and you
know that my criticism isn't of them
morally my criticism of I just want to
win
strategically right that they have
managed to they're like a tea and a very
dedicated owner who's a good guy and
keeps Jeff Fischer as the coach for 16
years and they go on a 7 and 9 and 11 of
those years like really think but
happened this is a good guy like but but
but hey I know what you're saying it's
112 million this race also unusual too
because a lot of the Democratic sort of
leaders backing Phil Levine in Miami in
Dade County so you had Democrats going
against Democrats and Gilliam sneaking
between them a little bit too so it
wasn't just that they were behind Graham
your point is right though I mean it's
obviously right in this case they
weren't with Ayla they were no they
weren't with Gilliam Muslim or in I mean
in somewhere Pasco County they were but
not everywhere yeah yeah
