this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm donald trump is
concerned about Google search engine he
believes that there is a conspiracy
against conservatives and that the
search engine only brings up negative
content pertaining to Trump and this is
all based on a non-scientific
self-admitted it's non scientific study
that was done by an organization known
as pajamas media so we'll get to that
study in just a minute but Donald Trump
tweeted the following Google search
results for Trump news shows only the
viewing reporting of fake news media in
other words they have it rigged for me
and others so that almost all stories
and news is bad fake CNN is prominent
Republican conservative and fair media
shut out illegal and then 96% of results
on Trump I can't whatever I'm done I'm
done with this I'm done with this tweet
you guys can read it for years no but
the ending is important this is a very
serious situation will be addressed
right that's the President of the United
States threatening Google you better
show up with positive news results for
me even if they wouldn't normally show
up in your algorithm otherwise we will
address your company that is chilling
speech and potentially unconstitutional
at service so let's break this down
there's a couple of layers to this one
is algorithms and there is a real
legitimate issue there and not the one
that Donald Trump's talking about we'll
talk about the so-called study but
before we do anything else
I got always a rope note for the record
did the president as a child damn big he
says with all caps of course for me and
there okay and so that almost all
stories and news is bad think CNN is
prominent so every part of it reads like
a temper tantrum from a five-year-old
you're right
so
yesterday on the show Brett and I
discussed how Trump thinks highly of
himself it might just be a defense
mechanism he might actually not think
highly of himself but it appears that he
does think highly of himself because he
fails to comprehend why and how any news
organization would write anything
negative about him right like I hate to
break it to you negative search results
come up because you do bad things all
the time right so that's just the fact
of the matter by the way when it comes
to Google search engine and their
algorithm there are problems but the
problem is not what Trump just mentioned
the problem is that Google does
literally the exact opposite of what
Trump believes that Google does so
Google Facebook a lot of social media
Giants create what's known as thought
bubbles right and it's actually
devastating it's not a good thing
because people will see search results
based on what Google believes you want
to see so if you are reading let's say
conservative outlets or progressive
outlets the search results will show you
what they think your political ideology
is several months ago it was revealed
that Facebook if you go into your
settings you can see what Facebook has
determined about your political ideology
I did that and it said that I am
left-leaning right or I think it said
something even more extreme than that
but whatever it doesn't matter it was
right it was right it was based on what
I post and so they put you in these
categories based on your political
ideology and then they serve up content
that they believe that you'll like and
you'll agree with that's not a good
thing that's a bad thing you want to get
out of that bubble and understand other
perspectives okay
so there are legitimate criticisms of
algorithms that is one of them and by
the way if you're wondering why do they
do that it is for self-interest as any
corporation would so why is it their
self-interest because if they serve you
things that you that you like use
increased time spent on the platform so
if you are on Facebook and they keep
serving your things you're like oh I
like that conspiracy well I like that
one too oh my god I think Obama is an
alien right
you spend more and more time on Facebook
if they serve you things you don't like
you click out so they are only doing it
because of human nature and to maximize
profit now that doesn't mean that it's
the right thing to do
we should be cognizant of those real
issues another real issue the algorithm
is I talk to a UCLA law professor I'm
sorry you say a professor on T YT
individually you should check out uh and
and he made a great point he said look
there's it's generally men young to
middle-aged men in in Northern
California that write all the code for
these algorithms
you know smattering of code writers in
other places there's some women and it
is at this point mixed-race Asians
whites South Asians etc right but that
small group of men pretty much set the
culture for the world because the
algorithm becomes the culture and so
those are really interesting
conversations about algorithms instead
of me know like it bad it not say nice
things about me no no you schmuck that's
not how it works
no but it's even worse than that jank
because he's basing that emotional
reaction on a non scientific study by an
organization called pajamas media and by
the way the person who ran this study
she admitted that her name is Paula
Bullard she admitted this is non
scientific but nonetheless she made a
big deal about it so let me tell you how
the study was done when she searched for
Trump within Google News within the
first 100 results
CNN appeared 21 Times The Washington
Post and NBC News 11 times while
right-leaning sites like The Wall Street
Journal appeared only three times and
Fox News twice so she's arguing would
you look at that I go to Google News I
type in Donald Trump right or Trump news
and what comes up is a bunch of
establishment news organizations yeah
guess what doesn't pop up the Young
Turks doesn't pop up are we gonna run
around and say oh think they have a
progressive news bias no they have an
independent news bias because of course
the NN is going to pop up
of course NBC is gonna pop up they
consider those news organizations
legitimate whereas independent news
sources are considered illegitimate
well no no let's be fair because that's
that ones that's a really it's an open
question that I'm very curious about so
that she says not only did Fox News and
Wall Street Journal not show up that
much but she says pj media didn't show
up i got bad news for there's a good
reason for that
nobody knows pj media almost nobody goes
to it National Review does didn't show
up Weekly Standard Breitbart at the
Blaisdell ey are hot air town all red
state all these conserve a size didn't
show up but we did our own study and I
guess now can be called a study to
because we did the same exact thing she
did it was non-scientific but right but
no they're calling it but now the hill
and all the other newspapers are like
they explain the science scientific but
they then keep referring to it as a
study I know right yeah so anyway we did
the same study and the Young Turks
didn't show up either by the way you're
just googling Trump that's that's a
super hard to show up in the first
hundred results and now I use us as an
example partly because of course we're
familiar with us etc but because it
we're also the largest online
progressive network so that's a fact and
so it's not like hey PJ BJ media that
nobody's heard of right it's it's the
thing that certainly could show up in
results and I and my guess is if you did
it on YouTube you get different results
than we might show up there because of
our size etc but our point it to me the
really interesting question is do they
have a whitelist or not okay
they say fervently that they do not have
a whitelist if you don't know what a
what okay now you think they do I don't
know a whitelist if you don't know is
obviously the opposite of a black list
so black list means you're banned
well white list means you are more
heavily promoted okay so if they have a
white list it is probably because the
mainstream media put enormous pressure
on them they did okay you have to be
legitimate and the only way you're gonna
be legitimate is if you make us more
money no but they have done that if this
is not by the way this is not me trying
to spew some crazy conspiracy theory
they have done that and they've the
mainstream press has done that not just
with Google they've done it with Faye
they've tried to do it with YouTube and
they've succeeded to some extent right
because and they've done it indirectly
through this whole fake news debate
right no I I so let again let me be
clear has CNN etc put on pressure like
that absolutely and so's the New York
Times Washington Post etc right has
Facebook and YouTube succumb to it well
they're two totally different
organizations and their gradations of it
so one thing that they can do is they
can give money to certain programs and
not give it to certain programs and so
that's one way of doing it right another
way of doing it is actually effect the
algorithm now my guess is and now at
that point that's the part we don't know
you don't know if they have a whitelist
and I actually I'm as skeptical as I am
about the mainstream media etcetera and
and here we're trying to give you all
the nuance here and look at it from both
for sex I don't want them discriminating
against anyone against us or against the
right wing I believe in the free
marketplace of ideas I believe we will
maul them and we have mauled them just
let us have at it Hoss okay so but I I
think Google doing a whitelist for their
algorithm would be very surprising to me
that that messes with their core product
which makes billions upon billions of
dollars and it does it by feeding you
the things that are most likely to give
you the search results you want that's
how they crush their competition it
would be very foolish on their part and
I don't think they're that dumb to go
and create a whitelist for their search
algorithm which is the very core of
their business so I could be wrong but
that's where the open question is see
this is an interesting conversation
about the algorithms yeah not they know
like me they rigged system against Trump
no they do they're not going in there
and go okay make sure that you put
negative results for Trump that is
preposterous there's no way they're
doing that one other thing that I want
to mention I am so sick and tired of
this nonsense regarding CNN being
left-wing news are you kidding me right
now
so CNN the same cable news network that
gave Trump unlimited free advertising
during the last election they're the
left wingers the ones who refused to go
to Bernie Sanders
speech and instead went to trump's empty
podium waiting for trump to show up
that's left-wing news really the same
with the same cable news network that
had Scottie Nell Hughes on regularly but
did not have a progressive counter you
know person to come on and and debate
her they had me on once once ok brian
Stelter had me on once with scarlet nuts
Scottie Nell Hughes I crushed it never
got invited back again ok but Scottie
Nell Hughes kept making appearances on
CNN but it's not me being bitter I don't
care about appearing on CNN what I do
care about is actually debunking this
nonsense about how CNN is left-wing news
one other thing Corey Lewandowski what
happened to him did he get hired as a
contributor at CNN I believe he did no
you guys look come on no you can say hey
today Donald Trump was president so of
course we have to have Donald Trump
supporters on CNN for balance that's
what they would say right but wait a
minute
he wasn't president during the primaries
he wasn't president during the general
election even if you want to grant him
the general election he got two billion
dollars of free media during the
primaries whereas Bernie Sanders from
the network news got one sixteenth of
the coverage of Donald Trump Trump
that's 16 times the coverage of Bernie
Sanders so sometimes there are biases
but their biases that come from places
that are understandable they're not
right but there's groups think there's
group thing in cable news there's
groupthink in Washington DC Oh Donald
Trump is entertaining and interesting
now why does the guy who runs the NFA
that he's Jeff Zucker he's the guy who
hired Donald Trump to host The
Apprentice when he was at NBC so of
course he thinks Donald Trump is
interesting um he has a history of
getting radiance from Donald Trump he
doesn't give a damn about the national
discourse it doesn't care about being
fair to progressives okay so you could
have a debate as to you know how they
should have done that coverage and and I
think that it's a fair debate as to
whether the groupthink biases of the
national media outlets against
progressives like Bernie Sanders
and by the way against conservatives and
so radical conserves I think there's a
good reason to be against them but you
get there outside of the
mainstream and the establishment news
has a particular point of view about
them but but what is not legitimate is
saying Google goes in and writes code
saying we hate Bernie Sanders make sure
you only bring up the negative stories
about him or we hate Donald Trump only
bring up the negative stories about them
that is preposterous as much as I like
Bernie Sanders there's no reason to
believe that Google's doing that if you
say editors of The Washington Post have
a certain worldview that then gives them
a perspective that is against Bernie
Sanders or against Donald Trump
that's an interesting a legitimate
debate not whether Google is rigging
their algorithm against these
politicians finally Larry Kudlow who is
shrubs economic advisor addressed
whether or not something might be done
about Google and its search engine take
a look Larry the president said this
morning
the search results that are coming up
and he said that there could be
consequences coming Google's way this
does the president believe or does the
administration feel that there needs to
be some form of regulation for Google or
what exactly was the president well let
you know we're taking a look at it let
you know so we're taking a look at it my
guess is Larry Kudlow had no idea what
they were talking about hopes and he's
like Oh a tweeted something again oh
yeah weird or taking a look at it yeah
but the the consequence of that is is
not good when the tops chief economic
adviser the president's chief economic
adviser says oh you you the president
has an insane conspiracy theory against
this particular company well we're gonna
look into yeah it doesn't look good yeah
and and basically threatening
consequences against that company
it presents First Amendment issues it
presents a lot of issues when the
government is taking action against what
they perceive to be their political
opponents never miss another TYT video
by ringing the bell below you'll get
notified whenever we publish something
new and don't forget to join TYT and
download the TYT Plus app today
download the TYT Plus app on your phone
or head over to T y-t-dot-com slash join
