Gabriel Sherman at Vanity Fair has some
inside details into Trump's relationship
with his aides and this is fascinating
because there's this whole question of
what Trump will do for mana for now that
mana fort has refused to turn on Trump
in an effort to get some sort of plea
deal now before we get to the mana fort
part of the story though I do want to
talk about the intervention that some of
the Trump aids some of trumps friends
wanted to do and you know this
intervention that Trump avoided at all
costs so senior officials talked about
inviting Rudy Giuliani and a group of
trumps New York real estate friends to
stage an intervention and this was
allegedly going to happen last week
Trump refused to take the meeting one of
the sources who spoke to Sherman at
Vanity Fair said you know Trump he hates
being lectured to of course I feel like
Trump is yelling of course in that
graphic yeah yeah okay there's more
there's more jobs okay deputy chief of
staff bill Cheyne has privately
expressed concern telling a friend that
Trump's emotional state is quote very
tender Oh literal lmao quite literal
it's still there but anyway bill shine
is the former top executive at Fox News
it was a bit of a controversy whenever
he went to the Trump White House but
they all don't get it this is what I've
been saying on-air for like the last two
years but they think that oh yeah you
guys are progressive you're against
Donald Trump no he is totally mentally
unstable you part of the way you can
tell is when he screams on Twitter one
of the things I'm famous for is my
mental stability who says that who says
that someone who's in a very tender
emotional exactly
so that's but like guys like bill shine
like how Fox News Corral Donald Trump
a real man and he goes and he said oh my
god he's like he's a basket case and you
can't control him he's a child he's a
total moron and this emotional status
very okay so there's more
so apparently his own family members are
concerned Jared and Ivanka told Trump
that stripping security clearances from
former intelligence officials would
backfire but Trump ignored them Kushner
later told a friend that Trump got joy
out of taking away John Brennan's
clearance by the way quick update on
John Brennan's security clearance
even though Trump has been threatening
to take it away Brennan has just come
out and said look aside from the initial
news stories about it like no one's
contacted me I still have security
clearance because you know it's all for
show
no in a lot of people at the White House
they know what a child is they're like
just ignore him move on like he'll never
double-check that's such a good point
okay what's he gonna do he's gonna do
the homework to find out we I should
take away his security clearance of
course he's not of course is that gonna
do that
so yeah it's every one of these stories
is amazing I know so there's more
there's more so now let's finally get to
the manna fort part of this there was
some speculation indicating that Trump
would pardon man afford as a way of
saying thank you for not turning on me
and so Trump continues to raise the
possibility of a pardon for mana for
however dawn began who is his lawyer is
I'm sorry not as the White House Counsel
so let me be clear about that not his
personal lawyer Don baganz like nobody
don't do that that idea I'm not gonna
let it happen
so Trump is like MMA no like I look for
other White House Counsel who do my
bidding
right Trump has been clashing I should
say with white House Counsel Don Magan
who sources said is strongly against
granting mana for a pardon
Trump has told people he's considering
bringing in a new lawyer to draft a man
afford pardon if McGann won't do it who
two things here one is he's Joffrey and
oh yeah well I'll kill her here give me
that I'm gonna do it right off with his
head and and they're like no even the
evil advisers you know if you watch Game
of Thrones the
mom who's super evils like no not
because he's being too evil but because
he's being too stupid
he doesn't think through the
consequences of his actions so all this
other advisers who are not good guys
even Giuliani's like please please don't
be this stupid
when Giuliani has to worry about your
intelligence there is no Barlow enough
yeah okay and so if he but but to be
fair to Donald Trump there's one thing
he knows that they don't know did it
he's guilty as you could possibly
imagine I think that why no no I don't
think they do now look at bill shine he
didn't know the Trump's emotional state
was tender he thought he was gonna go
ahead and represent a tough guy
conservative no he's a child a buffoon
shine at that that this late date he
didn't know Trump supporters they don't
know they think he's a smart businessman
he's a fool of epic proportions so all
these people they've deluded themselves
and to tell and they tell themselves
pretty little lies about all dono Trump
is an honest man right okay and they
might like they know his lies it's
nobody can avoid that yeah but if you
told him it Trump's a lifelong criminal
they're like oh no way no way no way
right just with that face Giuliani first
would do this anyway so they're like so
they're thinking why on God's green
earth would you pardon man afford when
that's gonna get you in a world of
political trouble then you're gonna put
the Republicans in a position where they
have to consider impeachment and they've
said that on the record it seems and it
is also illegal it is clearly obviously
obstruction of justice right so why
would you do that here's a good reason
because he did it and he knows that bana
Ford has information on him that is
worse than anything they could imagine
that's why he's like look I might be
stupid but you're dumber than me for not
realizing what kind of a criminal I am
why do you think I'm in a cold sweat
panic where I wake up literally in the
middle of the night go
there's no cool
and then go back to sleep okay
he does that because he knows that mana
for Dan Cohen and his attorney
weiselberger they all have the goods on
him tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
tick hmm feels good mmm
yeah knowing that he's panicking like
that never miss another TYT video by
ringing the bell below you'll get
notified whenever we publish something
new and don't forget to join TYT and
download the TYT Plus app today
download the TYT Plus app on your phone
or head over to T y-t-dot-com
slash join
