in a very surprising verdict a an ex
Texas cop has been found guilty of
murder in the shooting death of an
unarmed 15 year old who was
unfortunately gunned down back in April
of 2017 while he was a passenger in a
vehicle now the former cop Roy Oliver
was found guilty by the jury and to give
you some background details on what
occurred in April of 2017
Oliver killed a 15 year old named Jordan
Edwards after the then officer fired
into a moving car carrying five black
teenagers leaving a local house party
Edwards was in the front passenger seat
but he was found guilty Oliver though
did testify that he opened fire after
seeing the car moved toward his partner
he says he thought his partner was in
danger but his partner told jurors he
did not fear for his life and never felt
the need to fire his weapon also no guns
were found in the teens vehicle this is
actually a great case of the cops
overall doing the right thing no other
cops so oftentimes you'll hear people
making excuses for police abuse or these
shootings of unarmed people by saying
just a few bad apples but then although
the cops stick up for them so no it's
not a few bad apples it's all apples
defending each other and you know and
gives you a sense of what's wrong with
the barrel but in this case and credit
where credit is due the guy who was his
partner said no no which it's just not
true
and apparently the the the car was
moving away from his partner not even
towards his partner and so looked at
cops got to be really unstable for his
partner to turn and say not true you
should send him a neces he's saying you
just said in prison he killed that guy
and and it's the whole department they
fired him immediately just a couple of
days of investigation and fired him and
it might be that the guy's unstable in a
lot of ways and they were like oh we've
got to get this guy out of here and he
is a danger to the public right so but
if if all the cases were like this look
you're never gonna get rid of bad people
you're never gonna get rid of unstable
people you what you want is a justice
system that were
and that brings you justice right a
justice system that not only brings
justice but also weeds out the bad cops
because we are supposed to have law
enforcement that protects us that you
know looks out for us and far too often
we do come across stories where justice
isn't served the cop continues to do
what he's doing and you're right jank
like one of the biggest issues I don't
think all cops are bad I don't believe
that at all but I do think that far too
often there are cops who refuse to speak
up and look some cops refuse to speak up
because they're worried about
retaliation against them and I get that
but the leaders speak up and also there
are those who actively try to cover up
for their friends we've seen those cases
as well in this case I'm so happy to see
someone a cop do the right thing and
disagree with what Roy Oliver said the
car was not moving toward them they had
no reason to fear their lives there was
no reason for Oliver to open fire and
kill a 15 year old and I think that he
was convicted because of the testimony
of other cops yes otherwise you know
they just take the cop's word for it
almost every time so look that's what
we're worried about in this country
which is systemic injustice when Ana
talks about retaliation from other cops
well if the cops were the good guys why
would you have to worry about
retaliation for telling the truth Yeah
right and protecting citizens you
wouldn't have to and we told we've told
you many times the problems is the
training and then the justice system
favours the cops McCullough in Missouri
went to a grand jury pretty much
defended the guy he was supposed to be
prosecuting luckily he was thrown out of
office recently and and progressives
winning these races in bringing real
criminal justice reform is hugely
important but let's go back to the story
and I know it's frustrating that it's
the exception and not the rule but at
least today there's a little bit of
justice in America and and his fellow
cops did the right thing and they did
weed out the bad apple and he was
convicted
you're never gonna stop all crime what
you look for is justice and in this case
finally a little bit of justice for not
just African Americans but all people
who care about justice in this country
did you know the TYT network is now
available on youtube's new streaming
platform YouTube TV get access to full
tee
my episodes and exclusive shows by
signing up for YouTube TV today all new
subscribers get a 7 day free trial so
head over to YouTube dot TV and search
for TYT networks channel
