young turks okay
Jake your Granicus fairing with you guys
we are going to have a fun exciting
fascinating show for you guys later in
the program we will be doing a poll we
need you guys to participate and sorry
Alex Jones just a gift that keeps on
giving
that's so good oh no no you think come
on yeah we heard all the aliens stuff we
heard the game frogs we heard it all
what are you guys going back to that
well for if you will we're not okay no
no no no you haven't seen this what is
on his personal phone what was he
searching yeah yo yo guys later in the
program all right by the way if you
missed any portion of this program are
you nuts okay you need to sign up for
membership and get all the show the
whole shows you know it's two hours long
you know it's 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern live
at TYT comm slash live but if you miss
any part of it get all of it without ads
at TYT dot-com slash join for a
shout-out price tiny price you get all
the progressive shows you can shake a
stick at although I don't know why you
would want to shake that stuff ok that's
an old-school saying all right guys huge
elections tonight after the main show at
8:05 p.m. Eastern again to you our t.com
slash live tea y-t-dot-com all of a
sudden a very sexy new website by the
way you guys like it I know it features
an a lot so yes all of a sudden she
loves it anyways so tonight Arizona so
mister I like to give the president
different kinds of jobs yeah Sheriff Joe
Arpaio is up for election in Arizona
Florida huge progresses in Florida huge
conservatives it's a battle royale don't
miss any of the election coverage
tonight and of course all that will be
available for members as well all right
Castro let's get started all right we
begin with some late-breaking news from
the day David pecker the
CEO of ami national enquirer that is the
publication under the parent company of
AMI
has resigned but not from ami he's
resigned from post media boards that is
a Canadian media company they have
released a press release saying that
David noted that it is important for him
to focus his efforts on ensuring that
his businesses are best positioned for
continued growth now again he has not as
far as we know at this moment resigned
from AMI parent company of national
enquirer but what we do know about him
is that he has turned on Trump remember
he is a trump supporter who had done
these catch and kill contracts with
individuals who had dirt on Trump and so
now he's cooperating with investigators
in regard to potential illegal campaign
contributions who knows what he's gonna
tell authorities but what we do know is
it's not looking good for him if he's
willing to resign from this board yes so
don't you don't get a twist that catch
and kill not like Vladimir Putin but you
catch and kill a story so they would pay
a lot of money to someone who thought
hey the National Enquirer is interested
in the story about Donald Trump I'm
gonna sell to them they're gonna feature
it wrong not going to feature it they're
in cahoots with Donald Trump that's why
he has gotten immunity and given
evidence against Donald Trump
it appears and that's why he was in a
world of trouble because some of the
stuff they were doing was potentially
illegal and apparently definitely
illegal that's why he needed immunity
violating campaign finance laws among
other possible legal violations and so
it's not good enough to get him off the
air my position because that company is
apparently structured for lies and
that's kind of the whole point of the
company have you ever checked out the
National Enquirer have you ever seen any
of their headlines and yeah but but a
lot of people do because a huge
percentage of this country and all other
countries are apparently mental we just
didn't know it until the internet when
they formed a community of mental people
and so and and then started watching it
for us anyway so but by the way I just
want to give discredit to post media why
I mean they're asking
pecker - stepped on he has stepped down
so my question in them is they own most
of Canada's newspapers why did you have
David Pegg err on your board in the
first place a guy who runs National
Enquirer which is nothing but fiction
and preposterous stories that have no
connection to real news it should be a
deep deep embarrassment to have that man
on any news organizations board let
alone the political hatchet job that
he's done apparently for years upon
years on behalf of Donald Trump and
others well I think that this is yet
another example of how the media whether
it be in the United States or other
countries like Canada is not dominated
or controlled by the left okay so the
people that you hear crying about the
media being leftist are usually the
people who know that the David peckers
of the world really do have more control
than any progressive ever has there's no
such thing as liberal media okay there's
definitely no such thing as progressive
media with the exception of this show
yeah so if you say we're home we're
progressives you goddamn right we are
okay and we don't hide that at all we're
Homa progressives join us tea
y-t-dot-com slice join but if you say
the CNN a multi-billion dollar
corporation is run by liberals who care
about what progressive policies know
they are a public corporation they care
about maximizing profit
period the end all those multi-billion
dollar media corporations that are
public in nature by law must only care
about maximizing profit that means tax
cuts for themselves for corporations for
the rich etc deregulation allowing the
mergers these are all very very
conservative principles and that's on a
on a overall macro level before you go
below the belt of the peckers of the
world yeah and then and those guys just
have a personal agenda and and I and
personally profit off of Republicans
like Donald Trump and to be fair pecker
has been you know pushing that right
wing stuff for a long more time in a
million whore
ridiculous articles against Hillary
Clinton but also did Donald Trump's
bidding within the Republican primaries
and attacked guys like Ted Cruz and he's
the one that ran the articles about how
Ted Cruz's dad might have killed JFK and
and the most preposterous story the
National Enquirer has ever run that Ted
Cruz had five mistresses come on after
that even National Enquirer readers have
to be like not credible all right well I
want to move on to other news we have a
lot of stuff today and this is a story
that I care deeply about and it doesn't
seem like a lot of other places are
talking about it AT&T is outsourcing
thousands of jobs and this is after the
Trump tax cuts have led to record
profits for this corporation so to give
you exact numbers AT&T is earning record
profits spending billions on stock
buybacks and is expecting an estimated
windfall of 20 billion dollars in
savings from Donald Trump's tax reforms
so they're in a good financial situation
right they're doing well they have no
reason to lay people off or outsource
jobs I mean do they really need to make
more money more profit yeah they do
so 16,000 people in the United States
have lost their jobs at the
Communications Giants since 2011 as it
continues to shut down call centers to
consolidate facilities in the United
States or in favor of offshore
alternatives in countries such as India
the Philippines in Mexico so in some of
the countries that they're outsourcing
these jobs to people make about $2 an
hour
so what is the Republican response to
that right well we got to be competitive
so do we lower our wages to $2 an hour
to compete because their reaction to
outsourcing has been oh we more tax cuts
that's gonna be the solution that's
gonna solve the problem except it didn't
solve the problem at all they're making
record profits because of these tax cuts
they're not using it on creating more
jobs or paying their employees more
they're using it on stock buybacks and
they're still outsourcing jobs one more
stat in the past seven years 80 has
closed 44 call centers foreclosures took
place this year so before we enter more
of 18 T's lies and look I you might find
this weird but
I don't blame them for the lies their
job is to maximize profit they're going
to lie to you they're gonna cheat
they're gonna take whatever they can
they're gonna legally bribe politicians
that's their job that's their job so the
thing that frustrates me is when people
on TV pretend like corporations are
humans and that they're patriotic
they're gonna do the right right they're
gonna do the right thing they have
morals no it's not a person it's a legal
fiction and it is it will do what it is
programmed to do it is programmed to
only maximize profit that's the only
code so it will do whatever it takes to
maximize profit so did they lie about
how they're gonna hire Americans of
course of course they did it's exact
opposites so I don't want people to get
to misunderstand us either look if you
it's possible that people are using ATT
less because there's no more phones in
your home for example that's entirely
possible and and so then if you don't
have enough people calling into the call
centers you got a shadow man you can't
keep him running forever if if if you
don't have enough customers but that is
not the case it's not the case that they
of course I'm giving a wild example
about the home phones in reality of
course 18t now has all the cellphone
customers yeah and their call centers
are just as busy as before so it's not
saying no you got to keep your call
centers open under no under all
circumstances no no no that's not the
case in this case they are just as busy
and I told you about their profits will
tell you a little bit more in a second
now and if the offshoring I probably
blame them less than other people do for
that I get it they want to cut their
costs and here it might cost you ten
bucks fifteen bucks an hour whatever it
costs you and in Bangladesh it might
cost two dollars or less then move your
ass to Bangladesh and be based in
Bangladesh you want to do that that's
fine with me you don't get to stay in
the United States you don't get to be
headquartered in the United States you
don't get to take advantage of the US
while shipping all of your jobs abroad
to Bangladesh India Mexico wherever it
is that you want to ship them off to I
was slightly different if you are I
don't you don't to me you don't need to
be a headquarter in back
but you don't get to take advantage of
all the things that America gets to
provide and then offshore the job sing
and and go haha we get to do it okay you
get to do it but that doesn't mean you
also get to have tax cuts because you
said the tax cuts were for hiring
Americans that was a lie so ok no
problem
offshore anywhere you like give me back
the money yeah look if that's billions
upon billions of billions of dollars we
have to pay as American taxpayers they
got to get the money from somewhere 18th
he's not paying it anymore they said
they did it on your behalf
what a sick joke now that that's to
prove it absolutely proven to be a lie
ok great let's get the money back why is
your taxes now down 21% it was a 35% it
hasn't created any new jobs it wasn't
for the American worker it wasn't for
the American citizens it was for the
executives they of 18t so give us a
goddamn money back you outsource
anywhere you're like I'm not interfering
with your business you make any
decisions you like you want to cut the
call centers that's fine but don't deal
with my money because now we're gonna
have to pay those taxes hell no yeah
look there's a number of different
things going on first off remember AT&T
is doing this mega merger with Time
Warner so this is a telecommunications
company which is monopolizing the market
we already had an issue with
telecommunications companies
monopolizing the market so if you live
in certain areas of the country you have
no choice you have no options if you
want internet if you want a phone
connection you have to deal with one
corporation and one corporation only so
they monopolize the market while
simultaneously getting these massive tax
benefits then they outsource the jobs to
other countries and they fire a bunch of
Americans who rely on these jobs and
like it's it's a number of different
things this is a layered issue a layered
problem and just to give you more
details on the merger with Time Warner
in the first six months of 2018 80
reported nearly 10 billion dollars in
profit as the company seeks to finalize
this 85 billion dollar merger with Time
Warner AT&T has spent sixteen point four
five billion dollars on stock buybacks
since 2013 including 419 million dollars
in the second quarter of 2018 alone
that's
most that it's spent on buybacks since
2014 so look the stock buybacks the bad
behavior it was happening under Obama's
watch I'm not giving him a pass on that
at all but it's now amplified
accelerated under the Trump
administration so let me be clear and I
know that people get frustrated
sometimes when I keep emphasizing this
but I'm a capitalist so you want to make
money and you do it in a way that it
does is not harmful to rest of society I
think we should rewrite the code of
public corporations so they have a
second priority it's not just the
maximize profit but after that you make
a lot of money bless your heart
so look at the money they're making ten
billion dollars in just the first half
of the year so there's slated to make it
about twenty billion dollars in profit
in profit okay but what you don't need
is a tax cut when you tell us you need
you need a tax cut otherwise you won't
have you won't be able to do good
business in America a preposterous lie
only someone who is deeply deeply
corrupt would tell you that lie like
politicians who are bought off by AT&T
and other public corporations through
their donations and people they might
want to merge with like people that run
cable news stations that are owned by
Time Warner who are probably not doing
this story about AT&T and how they
robbed you blind oh is that why they're
not covering the story interesting you
know the funny thing is you tell me sure
media though that they're like well that
sounds like a conspiracy theory a public
corporation want to maximize profit is a
conspiracy theory well that's the most
wide open conspiracy that's ever been
reported I mean you have to be it have
either a childlike innocence or be not
very bright to understand how those
corporations work so last thing because
this is the to me the worst of the lies
so they said okay look we're gonna hey
what give them bonuses to everybody
because of the tax cuts and they say
they were gonna give $1000 bonus of two
hundred thousand employees line number
one was no that had been previously
negotiated with the unions the unions
had gotten that thousand dollar bonus
for the workers then they go pretend
that it's the exact opposite that it was
a Republican tax cut
that did it okay so that gly is bad
enough but the second line is the worst
they said we're gonna invest a billion
dollars into America and to American
workers and it's gonna create 7,000 jobs
now
the Communication Workers of America in
this case is a union that would love
that and they would applaud 18 he
sometimes those guys turn around and and
are against Democrats because they're
like hey listen if you give a tax break
or other breaks to the corporation that
my guys work at that's good some of its
gonna come to me and they go and support
those things so they are aligned with
18t on that count so they did an
analysis because they care about the
guys that they represent it turns out
AT&T since the tax cuts has not added
7,000 jobs they have done literally the
exact opposite they have fired seven
thousand people now again your business
isn't doing well or it's in a struggling
industry whatever it might be right
you gotta lay off workers it happens but
you make ten billion dollars is six
months you don't have to lay off those
workers you chose to lay off this
workers you chose to lie and say that
you were gonna add 7,000 workers and
then you say but I need the tax cuts I
need you they're very good taxpayer to
pay more and me to pay less because poor
18 so I want to quickly clarify that as
well because the corporate tax rate was
cut from 35 percent to 21 percent under
the Trump tax plan and so when people
say well the middle class is paying more
in taxes than these corporations are
sometimes you'll get a response saying
no that's not true they're paying 21
percent most middle-class Americans
don't pay 20 yet they don't actually pay
21 percent because remember the GOP did
not close corporate tax loopholes they
remain in place they remain intact so
their effective tax rate went from 17
percent to 9 percent I guarantee you
most middle-class Americans are paying
more in federal taxes than nine percent
if you're a conservative independent
doesn't matter who you are and you think
the system is rigged you're absolutely
right it is rigged it's rigged exactly
with laws like this Donald Trump told
you he was gonna close a loophole on
hedge funds they pay way lower taxes
than you do they're the richest people
in the world I don't mind them making
money
bless their hearts but why not pay the
same taxes everybody else does why not
pay the taxes at your bracket because
why they bribe the politicians like
incredibly corrupt Donald Trump so he
likes straight to your face saying you
take that loophole away guess what
didn't take it away they didn't take any
of the loopholes away any of them so
what do they do they lowered taxes on
corporations kept all the loopholes and
they rob you blind so that's how the
system is rigged it's this clearest day
they give campaign donations yes the
corrupt Republicans and Democrats and
they do independent expenditures they do
dark money spending what is that you and
I know what it is it's a bribe it's a
bribe they bribe all of them including
the most corrupt of them all Donald J
Trump and at the end of the day they
come out and tell you pretty stories
about bonuses and how they're gonna add
jobs next thing you know your jobs
shipped off to India you're screwed
you're if you're lucky you get another
job at minimum wage which is still
touted $7.25 for the country that's
$15,000 a year you got to somehow
support your family on that that's how
the system is rigged one more story
before we go to break Jared Kushner's
real estate company has been found
committing wrongdoing in pushing
individuals out of rent controlled
properties in order to then rent them
out to people who are willing to pay
more now this is all in New York City
and the way New York City works just
like many other cities throughout the
country with rent controlled buildings
is if a tenant is living in a rent
controlled unit that individuals rent
cannot increase you know a giant amount
in any given year the landlord can
increase it incrementally a tiny
percentage each year and that's a way of
making sure that people have affordable
housing now the only way that the tenant
or the only way that the owner or
landlord can charge more or market value
is if the person moves out of the rent
control unit and a new person moves in
at that point they can rent it out for
market value now with that said what
Jared Kushner's company was found guilty
of doing was
creating a situation that was so
uncomfortable for the tenants living in
those rent control units that a lot of
them couldn't take it anymore and they
moved out so when he would file for
permits in order to do construction he
needed to note the exact number of
people living in rent controlled units
he lied in those documents so in order
for the city to approve construction
they need to make sure that the
construction isn't going to be
burdensome for those living in the rent
controlled units he purposely lied so
the city wouldn't oversee what he was
doing or oversee the construction that
was taking place they wanted the city to
essentially greenlight the construction
anyway
The Associated Press did great work in
investigating this and that led to
lawmakers in New York looking into it
themselves and they've issued a fine
that's the update to this story so how
much is this fine two hundred and ten
thousand dollars that's it yeah they're
gonna brush that off that's no big deal
to them so I think the worst part of
this is how they did it yeah
and it's just how the powerful crush the
powerless is it just an unfortunately
the incessant drumbeat of our lives in
America there are oligarchs who rule us
and Jared Kushner is one of them he was
running the company at the time they
chose to do this that's why they've been
fined and it was good
groups like housing rights initiative
that launched this not against Jared
Kushner they launched it to make sure
they against the landlord's to make sure
that they're not screwing over the
tenants in general by the way one of the
guys who was also doing it Michael Kohn
so if it was a political hit job at this
point they would actually want to
protect Michael Kohn because he's
turning evidence against Donald Trump
but they are not because this that's not
what they care about they care about
housing rights yeah so one of the
advocates for tenants said they were
quote weaponizing construction yeah so
so let's let's reduce some of those
folks are amazing so first I want to
tell you just how widespread this was
let's go to graphic ten so the New York
City Department of Buildings fined
Kushner COEs for filing 42 false
application
for construction work in 17 buildings
saying that there were no rent regulated
tenants in the unit's it was just a
flat-out lie
okay so let's fast-forward to graphic 13
Kushner COEs was able to clear out 250
residents in three years from the 338
unit Brooklyn building so their
apartments could be sold earning the
firm one hundred fifty five million
dollars in sales okay and to the
statement that jank was alluding to
earlier yeah they talk about how they
essentially weaponized construction
driving out tenants paying lower rent
with constant noise ripped up apartments
and interrupted plumbing so that's not
all so I thought when I first heard
about this story that it was mainly just
driving them out with unbearable noise
and sometimes they do it during the day
sometimes they do it during night on
purpose to drive them crazy by the way
this is what we did to Noriega to drive
him out of the embassy when he was
hiding this is what we do to torture
people so they turned themselves in and
so but they're doing it for profit here
and oftentimes get away with a good job
by New York City and catching them in
this time but it's not just the noise
they wrap up their plumbing so then they
can take a shower they don't have any
water they can't brush their teeth they
don't have any plumbing so there was
flooding in some of these units as a
result of that some of the tenants
complained of toxic dust which often
happens if you're doing construction in
an old building noise as we mentioned
and rodent infestations because that's
fun no but think about how bad a guy you
have to be to think hey you know what I
bought this building knowing that it is
rent control it has run control
Apartments in it I've calculated that
into my cost but that's inconvenient to
me and these people can't afford this
apartment otherwise I got a great idea I
will ruin their lives until I Drive them
for that away from that apartment and
then I don't care where they go they
probably can't afford any other
apartments around here they gonna have
to just maybe move out of the city I
don't care but I'm gonna maximize profit
how am I gonna do it I'm gonna release
rats basically into their apartment I'm
gonna flood their apartment I'm gonna
cut their
and I'm gonna do construction day in and
day out until I Drive them crazy and
then they leave and this is and then and
then all the society in America
celebrates people like this and they're
like yeah about it hey they're
successful what does it mean to be
successful right successful how by what
metric to me that's not success that
these people are monsters
so yes Jared Kushner who does that rose
people's lives so he could he has
apparently eight hundred and eleven
million dollars but it's not enough it's
not enough he's got to release rats into
your house destroy your life for another
couple of million dollars right and so I
want to be fair I want to give you the
reaction from Kushner COEs they
basically have denied any wrongdoing
they say that they were going to appeal
this fine Kushner Jared Kushner was the
individual running this company at the
time that these false reports were
submitted to the city so I want to be
clear about that
so what are they saying happened they're
blaming it on a third party because you
know Republicans the party of
responsibility doesn't want to take
responsibility for what happened here
Jared Kushner was the head of this
company when this happened so how about
the CEO the the head of the company take
ownership of the wrongdoings that
occurred at this timeframe this was
right before he decided to leave leave
the company to go work for Trump he
still has he's still a stakeholder in
the company so that leaving the company
is irrelevant
I still makes money off of it and look
as with the big banks that rip you off
all the time the mistakes are never
against them they're always somehow
against you Oh golly gee a third party
will end up making a lot of money and I
didn't happen to check in that they were
releasing rats and try trying to
purposely drive you crazy if that third
party was costing them money do you
think they would have found out
immediately and it would have regulated
on their ass instead and besides which I
don't even believe them I think this is
part and parcel of what they do that's
why they were fine and this happens all
the time all right we gotta take a break
when we come back Google
is it doing bad things to conservatives
bad that's what Donald Trump says the
word bad Google bad okay we'll explain
when we come back we hope you're
enjoying this free clip from The Young
Turks if you want to get the whole show
and more exclusive content while
supporting independent media become a
member at TYT dot-com slash join today
in the meantime enjoy this free sing
alright back on The Young Turks chenkin
Anna with you guys let me give you guys
some context here on YouTube super chat
Craig Adolphus is the son networker
papers of the Canadian newspaper
equivalent of Sinclair their far-right
propaganda but they dominate local
markets here
unfortunately same everywhere apparently
yep
Jared craft writes in on YouTube super
chat love the new site but can you work
on the video player so we can chromecast
with it me and my wife often work from
home and watch all your shows
no I'm kidding of course we'll work on
that one thing at a time guys but when
you send notes
it does help ok and we and we put them
all in our what we call a product
roadmap because we're fancy like that
and we go work on on one at a time ok so
thank you keep sending in the notes look
we're doing this together
you're the Young Turks so help us make
it better and better yeah you know what
helps me make nofilter better when you
guys go on iTunes and you leave a 5-star
rating on the podcast no filter with ana
kasparian check it alright if you have
any issues just tweet me about it I'll
work on it ok and I will give you and
you know asking you shall receive we are
here to serve the audience burr connects
on Twitter writes Jake your ugurus
comment on going below the belt to the
peckers of the world deserves the beavis
and butt-head laugh from the soundboard
agreed I don't want to distract from the
story but at during a postgame soon we
need to discuss the last name pecker
we just need to but it has to be
discussed also like to discuss the the
alleged pronunciation of Coburn wit but
that is not how it's spelled anyways ok
in all seriousness though on the
postgame tonight the downside of Sasha
Sasha Baron Cohen his last episode was
kind of heart-wrenching and I felt so
bad for a conservative I'll explain why
so come join us tea y-t-dot-com /join
get all the members shows alright what's
next day yep okay Donald Trump is
concerned about
Google search engine he believes that
there is a conspiracy against
conservatives and that the search engine
only brings up negative content
pertaining to Trump and this is all
based on a non-scientific self-admitted
it's non scientific study that was done
by an organization known as pajamas
media so we'll get to that study in just
a minute but Donald Trump tweeted the
following Google search results for
Trump news shows only the viewing
reporting of fake news media in other
words they have it rigged for me and
others so that almost all stories and
news is bad fake CNN is prominent
Republican conservative and fair media
shut out illegal and then 96% of results
on Trump I can't whatever I'm done I'm
done with this I'm done with this tweet
you guys can read it for years no but
the ending is important this is a very
serious situation will be addressed
right that's the President of the United
States threatening Google you better
show up with positive news results for
me even if they wouldn't normally show
up in your algorithm otherwise we will
address your company that is chilling
speech and potentially unconstitutional
etcetera so let's break this down
there's a couple of layers to this one
is algorithms and there is a real
legitimate issue there and not the one
that Donald Trump's talking about we'll
talk about the so-called study but
before we do anything else
I got always a rope note for the record
did the President as a child he says
with all caps of course for me okay and
so that almost all stories and news is
bad think CNN is prominent so only part
of it reads like a temper tantrum from a
five-year-old you're right so yesterday
on the show Brett and I discussed how
Trump thinks highly of himself it might
just be a defense mechanism he might
actually not think highly of himself but
it appears that he does think highly of
himself because he fails to comprehend
why and how any news organization would
write anything negative about him right
like
I hate to break it to you negative
search results come up because you do
bad things all the time right so that's
just the fact of the matter by the way
when it comes to Google search engine
and their algorithm there are problems
but the problem is not what Trump just
mentioned the problem is that Google
does literally the exact opposite of
what Trump believes that Google does so
Google Facebook a lot of social media
Giants create what's known as thought
bubbles right
and it's actually devastating it's not a
good thing because people will see
search results based on what Google
believes you want to see so if you are
reading let's say conservative outlets
or progressive outlets the search
results will show you what they think
your political ideology is several
months ago it was revealed that Facebook
if you go into your settings you can see
what Facebook has determined about your
political ideology I did that and it
said that I am left-leaning right or I
think it said something even more
extreme than that but whatever it
doesn't matter it was right it was right
it was based on what I post and so they
put you in these categories based on
your political ideology and then they
serve up content that they believe that
you'll like and you'll agree with that's
not a good thing that's a bad thing you
want to get out of that bubble and
understand other perspectives okay so
there are legitimate criticisms of
algorithms that is one of them and by
the way if you're wondering why do they
do that it is for self-interest as any
corporation would so why is it their
self-interest because if they serve you
things that you that you like use
increase time spent on the platform so
if you are on Facebook and they keep
serving your things you're like oh I
like that conspiracy well I like that
one too oh my god I think Obama is an
alien right you spend more and more time
on Facebook if they serve you things you
don't like you click out so they are
only doing it because of human nature
and to maximize profit now that doesn't
mean that it's the right thing to do we
should be cognizant of those real issues
another real issue the algorithms I talk
to a UCLA law prefer I'm sorry you say
the professor on T YT interviews
you should check out and and he made a
great point he said look there's it's
generally men young to middle-aged men
in in Northern California that write all
the code for these algorithms
you know smattering of code writers in
other places there's some women and it
is at this point mixed-race Asians
whites South Asians etc right but that
small group of men pretty much set the
culture for the world because the
algorithm becomes the culture and so
those are really interesting
conversations about algorithms instead
of we know like algorithm it bad it not
say nice things about me no no you
schmuck that's not how it works it's
even worse than that jank because he's
basing that emotional reaction on a non
scientific study by an organization
called pajamas media and by the way the
person who ran this study she admitted
that her name is Paula Bullard she
admitted this is non-scientific but
nonetheless she made a big deal about it
so let me tell you how the study was
done let's go to graphic seventeen when
she when she searched for Trump within
Google News within the first 100 results
CNN appeared 21 Times The Washington
Post and NBC News 11 times while
right-leaning sites like The Wall Street
Journal appeared only three times and
Fox News twice so she's arguing would
you look at that I go to Google News I
type in Donald Trump right or Trump news
and what comes up is a bunch of
establishment news organizations yeah
guess what doesn't pop up the Young
Turks doesn't pop up are we gonna run
around and say oh think they have a
progressive news bias no they have an
independent news bias because of course
the NN is gonna pop up of course NBC is
gonna pop up they consider those news
organizations legitimate whereas
independent news sources are considered
illegitimate
well no no let's be fair because that's
that ones that's a really it's an open
question that I'm very curious about so
that she says not only did Fox News and
Wall Street Journal not show up that
but she says pj media didn't show up I
got bad in history there's a good reason
for that
nobody knows pj media almost nobody goes
to it National Review does didn't show
up weekly standard Breitbart the
Blaisdell ey are hot air town Allred
state all these could service eyes
didn't show but we did our own study and
I guess now can be called a study too
cuz we did the same exact thing she did
it was non-scientific but right but no
they're calling it but now the hill and
all the other newspapers are like they
explain the science scientific but they
then keep referring to it as a study I
know right yeah so anyway we did the
same study and the Young Turks didn't
show up either by the way you're just
googling Trump that's that's a super
hard to show up in the first hundred
results and now I use us as an example
partly because of course we're familiar
with us etc but because it we're also
the largest online progressive network
so that's a fact and so it's not like
hey PJ BJ media that nobody's heard of
right it's it's the thing that certainly
could show up in results and I and my
guess is if you did it on YouTube you
get different results than we might show
up there because of our size etc but our
point it to me the really interesting
question is do they have a whitelist or
not okay they say fervently that they do
not have a whitelist if you don't know
what a what okay now you think they do I
don't know and weightless if you don't
knows obviously the opposite of a
blacklist so blacklist means you're
banned
well whitelist means you are more
heavily promoted okay so if they have a
whitelist it is probably because the
mainstream media put enormous pressure
on them they did okay you have to be
legitimate and the only way you're gonna
be legitimate is if you make us more
money
no but they have done that this is not
by the way this is not me trying to spew
some crazy conspiracy theory they have
done that and they've the mainstream
press has done that not just with Google
they've done it with Facebook they've
tried to do it with YouTube and they've
succeeded to some extent right because
and they've done it indirectly through
this whole fake news debate right no I
again let me be clear has CNN etc put on
pressure like that
absolutely and so the New York Times
watch to post etcetera right
has Facebook and YouTube succumb to it
well they're two totally different
organizations and Eric relations of it
so one thing that they can do is they
can give money to certain programs and
not give it to certain programs and so
that's one way of doing it right another
way of doing it is actually effect the
algorithm now my guess is and now at
that point that's the part we don't know
you don't know if they have a whitelist
and I actually am as skeptical as I am
about the mainstream media etc and and
here we're trying to give you all the
nuance here and look at it from both for
sex I don't want them discriminating
against anyone against us or against the
right wing I believe in the free
marketplace of ideas I believe we will
maul them and we have mauled them just
let us have at it Hoss okay so but I I
think Google doing a whitelist for their
algorithm would be very surprising to me
that that messes with their core product
which makes billions upon billions of
dollars and it does it by feeding you
the things that are most likely to give
you the search results you want that's
how they crush their competition it
would be very foolish on their part and
I don't think they're that dumb to go
and create a whitelist
for their search algorithm which is the
very core of their business so I could
be wrong but that's where the open
question is see this is an interesting
conversation about the algorithms yeah
not they know like me they rigged system
against Trump no they do they're not
going in there and going okay make sure
that you put negative results for Trump
that is preposterous there's no way
they're doing that one other thing that
I want to mention I am so sick and tired
of this nonsense regarding CNN being
left-wing news are you kidding me right
now
so CNN the same cable news network that
gave Trump unlimited free advertising
during the last election they're the
left wingers the ones who refused to go
to Bernie Sanders speech and instead
went to Trump's empty podium waiting for
Trump to show up that's left-wing news
really the same with the same cable news
network that had Scottie Nell Hughes on
regularly but did not have a progressive
counter you know person to come on and
and
they had me on once once okay brian
Stelter had me on once with scarlet nuts
Scottie Nell Hughes I crushed it never
got invited back again
okay but Scottie Nell Hughes kept making
appearances on CNN but it's not me being
bitter I don't care about appearing on
CNN what I do care about is actually
debunking this nonsense about how CNN is
left-wing news one other thing Corey
Lewandowski what happened to him did he
get hired as a contributor at CNN I
believe he did oh you guys look come on
no you can say hey today Donald Trump
was president so of course we have to
have Donald Trump's supporters on CNN
for balance that's what they would say
right but wait a minute he wasn't
president during the primaries he wasn't
president during the general election
even if you want to grant him the
general election he got two billion
dollars of free media during the
primaries whereas Bernie Sanders from
the network news got one sixteenth of
the coverage of Donald Trump Trump got
sixteen times the coverage of Bernie
Sanders so sometimes there are biases
but they're biases that come from places
that are understandable they're not
right but there's groups think there's
group singing cable news there's
groupthink in Washington DC Oh Donald
Trump is entertaining and interesting
now why does the guy who runs the NN
think that he's Jeff Zucker he's the guy
who hired Donald Trump to host The
Apprentice when he was at NBC so of
course he thinks Donald Trump is
interesting um he has a history of
getting radiance from Donald Trump he
doesn't give a damn about the national
discourse it doesn't care about being
fair to progressives okay so you can
have a debate as to you know how they
should have done that coverage and and I
think that it's a fair debate as to
whether the groupthink biases of the
national media outlets against
progressives like Bernie Sanders
and by the way against conservatives and
so radical conserves I think there's a
good reason to be against them but you
get there outside of the mainstream and
the establishment news has a particular
point of view about them but but what is
not legitimate is saying Google goes in
and writes code saying we hate Bernie
Sanders make sure you only bring up the
negative stories about him or we hate
Donald Trump only bring up the negative
stories about them
as preposterous as much as I like Bernie
Sanders there's no reason to believe
that Google's doing that if you say
editors of The Washington Post have a
certain worldview that then gives them a
perspective that is against Bernie
Sanders or against Donald Trump
that's an interesting a legitimate
debate not whether Google is rigging
their algorithm against these
politicians finally Larry Kudlow who is
shrubs economic adviser addressed
whether or not something might be done
about Google and it's search engine take
a look Larry the president said this
morning
the search results that are coming up
and he said that there could be
consequences coming Google's way does
the president believe or does the
administration feel that there needs to
be some form of regulation for google or
what exactly was the president what you
know we're taking a look at it you know
so we're taking a look at it my guess is
Larry Kudlow had no idea what they were
talking about hopes and he is like oh he
tweeted something again oh yeah weird or
taking a look at it yeah but the the
consequence of that is is not good when
the tops chief economic adviser the
president's chief economic adviser says
oh you you the president has an insane
conspiracy theory against this
particular company well we're gonna look
into yeah it doesn't look good yeah and
and basically threatening consequences
against that company
it presents First Amendment issues it
presents a lot of issues when the
government is taking action against what
they perceive to be their political
opponents we gotta take a break when we
come back one of my favorite stories of
the day some more details into Duncan
Hunter and what he spent his money on
campaign money wrongfully illegally
criminally okay and by the way a great
story when we're coming
when we return which is Donald Trump
talking to evangelical leaders and
giving his opinion of the left you're
gonna love that story now by the way
some of you get some portions of this
show but not the whole show please get
the whole show make sure you don't miss
any of these fantastic stories you do
that become by becoming a member very
reasonable price you get all the
progressive programming you want t
y-t-dot-com slash join all right we'll
come right back
