the names of the two victims who died 27
year old Taylor Robertson from West
Virginia and 22 year old Eli Clayton
from California
for me Sandy Hook was the defining
moment for gun laws in the United States
I saw little kids die I saw Republicans
run the same thoughts and prayers line
that we hear after almost every single
tragedy they kept saying let's not make
this political out of respect for the
victims and then over the course of the
years that of course all went out the
window when the victims made it
political after Parkland then the
victims were actually not seasoned now
we need more guns to solve the gun
problem we should arm guns that's what I
kept hearing not to mention the way gun
violence is used to inflame racial
tensions whenever a shooter is black or
Muslim not if he's white of course when
he's white you even go so far as to
blame the victims doesn't hear the shot
why because they're headphones oh God
look America's gun problem is
multifaceted it's a cultural issue
exacerbated by the material needs of gun
manufacturers as they built up demand
for bigger better guns and made us feel
like we were John Rambo and gun
ownership also instills a sense of
identity power and community for many of
the dispossessed in this capitalist hell
world we live in so I get why people
feel threatened whenever the
conversation turns to the problem of gun
violence change is scary but countries
that have strict gun control and
common-sense regulations don't nearly
have the same rate of gun violence it's
that simple if we as a society want to
embrace widespread gun ownership and
easy access to guns then we need to
demonstrate that we can handle them
responsibly unfortunately all evidence
suggests we failed miserably and here's
a confession a lot of people on the Left
including myself like guns and shoot
guns and we're not all championing a
perma gun ban we're in the majority that
wants to pass legislation aimed at
curbing back future gun violence this
extends far beyond magazine bans by the
way and far beyond bullet taxes gun
violence can't be solved with just gun
control and as a matter of fact no one's
really advocating for that it's a mental
health problem as well as a problem with
socio-economic inequality but our
complete inability to ensure proper and
free medical care to those who need it
and our lack of social programs and
opportunities for our underserved
communities are absolutely other
necessary remedies the curb back
violence altogether and we're not doing
anything about that either that's just
me responding to gun violence with calls
for reasonable
and social change unlike the right who
wait to find out if the perpetrator is a
member of a marginalized group and then
proceed with racial agitation listen up
read um lickin's
I'm sick and tired of the biggest threat
to our national security in this country
and that is white people yeah I said it
other people won't come out and admit
the truth because it's not politically
correct but I mean come on we as
Americans deserve to feel safe in our
backyards at our schools and during
Madden tournaments at the mall straight
white males
how many more crimes will they commit
that go unanswered we need a solution to
this problem but that tangerine Russian
spy in the White House is sticking up
for his own kind
those are my final thoughts see the
difference between discourse that
genuinely seeks to solve a problem
versus political propaganda and if you
think I'm desensitized to the violence
that I'm escaping into satire so quickly
after a tragedy you're not wrong because
that's the reality we live in America
where we've been slowly but steadily
trained to believe that gun violence is
as unavoidable as natural disasters and
that is not the case I'm a psalm piker
if this Apocrypha offends you please
share this video with your friends and
don't forget to leave your thoughts in
the comment section below of course this
is a much longer conversation that I'll
be covering on my twitch stream at
twitch.tv slash hasta nabi every day
from 7:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. Pacific and
this has been the breakdown you like
this video great never miss another
breakdown video by hitting the subscribe
button below and also ring the bell to
get notified whenever we publish a new
one
