we need the wall we need our immigration
laws change Donald J Trump is calling
for a total and complete shutdown of
Muslims entering the United States
remember that time from praise Paul mana
for a convicted felon as some sort of
patriotic hero
oh but advocated for the death penalty
of the Central Park five and insisted
they was still guilty years after they'd
been exonerated Trump said he still
considers the men again
exonerated by the criminal justice
system and by DNA scientific evidence
guilty not a good one what about the
time he had the White House create an
entire video exploiting the tragic death
of Molly Tibbets to vilify an entire
group of people
Molly Jeffords an incredible young woman
is now permanently separated from her
family only to say absolutely nothing
about the horrible death of Nia Wilson
oh and why we're all in this subject
remember that time he responded to any
shooting involving a Muslim by tweeting
his fingers bloody in calling from Islam
ban only to tweet about approval ratings
after the recent Madden shooting now
tell me do you sense a pattern forming
here could it be that perhaps the
current president just doesn't have the
time to tweet about everything that's
newsworthy Robert Pattinson should not
take back Kristen Stewart she cheated on
him like a dog and will do it again
just watch he could do much better or
could it be due to his never-ending
quest to vilify minorities and ignore
crimes committed by those who happen to
look as he does it's been 24 hours since
the tragic mass shooting at a madden
event and Trump has found time to tweet
about which hunts his approval rating in
Tiger Woods but it seems to have
overlooked yet another shooting that has
taken place in the United States I mean
if we're following conservative protocol
shouldn't this be the time where we
start shaming all white people oh that's
right we don't fear monger and blame an
entire population of people because of
the evil actions of an individual when
that individual is white we could also
discuss gun control seeing as that seems
to be a pretty common factor but now is
not the right time right but this just
follows protocol for
man in charge he seems to have some
issues coming to terms with crimes
committed by anyone who's not an
immigrant or a person of color
we all remember Charlottesville right I
think there's blame on both sides and
last week after Paul Manafort was found
guilty of eight counts with evidence
showing his former campaign manager hid
millions of dollars in foreign accounts
to evade taxes and lied to banks
repeatedly to obtain millions more in
loans Trump tweeted about the man's
bravery this is the same guy who claimed
that the central part 5 was still guilty
years after they were exonerated calling
an actual criminal a brave American Hero
I guess the Trump crime isn't a crime if
you're rich enough or white enough the
disparity should be painfully obvious to
everyone there's just no way anyone
can't see it unless you choose not to
see it which in my opinion is precisely
what his loyal fan base does they just
don't care and they never will but we do
did you like this video then great never
miss another breakdown video by hitting
the subscribe button below and ring the
bell to get notified whenever we publish
a new video
