recently Eric Holder said when they go
low we kick them and of course he was
talking about the Republicans doing
gutter politics and how the Democrats
shouldn't just try to be above above the
fray and honorable and holier-than-thou
they should fight back and fight
aggressively well Hannity reacted to
this and he pretended like Eric Holder
is actually advocating for violence
because he's a liar and we're gonna
splice that or Media Matters I should
say spliced that clip with what Hannity
said in response to Ted Nugent doing
what may be actual threats
he said that Obama and Hillary should
suck on his machine gun whoa
okay you're gonna see how he reacts
depending on partisan politics take a
look
we take them really this is the top cop
under Barack Obama from hope and change
to kick them on the ground
that was friend and frequent guest on
the program Ted Nugent expressing his
feelings towards Democratic presidential
contenders Barack Obama and Hillary
Rodham Clinton something horrible is
gonna happen here yeah and these
so-called leaders are literally adding
fuel to the fire and it is a mob they're
inciting are you prepared to disavow
this lowlife like Ted Nugent he's a
friend is my point later is my point you
don't like it don't go to the concert
don't buy his new albums the Fed in this
year is like well I want to know Barack
Obama accused our troops of killing
civilians and aerating villages what is
more offensive to you which statement
because I know the context in which
Obama says this Nugent is more offensive
this guy ought to be knocked off the air
he ought to never come on your show
again if you have in mind you ought to
be ashamed of yourself so Holder saying
when they go low we kick them he's
pretending like Oh
advocating violence I cannot believe
that but when Ted Nugent said you know
suck on my machine go and Hillary ride
one of these into the sunset he was like
he's a friend of mine is totally fine
and then he tried to say back then like
oh what's more offensive with Ted Nugent
said or when Obama said our troops
killed civilians yeah what Obama said is
just factually correct are you trying to
say that US soldiers have not killed
civilians that is the most a historical
dumb statement I've ever heard in my
life it's so funny because he's like he
pretends to be like a truth teller but
that is nothing but the best example of
a feelings over facts guy I've ever
heard like it doesn't make me
comfortable to think that our soldiers
may have at times killed civilians so
I'm gonna I'm gonna say it's not true
and be offended by it grow up man grow
the fuck up unbelievable but this is the
type of hack that Hannity is and I feel
like it's important to share it because
you gotta expose guys like this listen
man the best example always was and
always will be how had he flipped on NSA
spying
under george w bush he called it this
program to protect us and it's to
protect the nation and we have to stop
the terrorist and your week on terror if
you don't support NSA spying in the
patriot act under Barack Obama same
fuckin program he goes on to say oh my
god this is a violation of the Fourth
Amendment this is unreasonable search
and seizure the government shouldn't
have the ability to get all your
metadata like this it's unbelievable
it's big government it's a giant
overreach now I agree with what Hannity
said under Obama but that was also the
case under Bush so in other words I said
this is against the Fourth Amendment
this is unconstitutional and you
shouldn't be for the Patriot Act I said
it under Bush and Obama cuz I'm fuckin
consistent and issues oriented because I
actually care about this shit he is just
a ranked partisan actor and that example
proves it more than any example I've
ever seen but this one is close as well
we know that you're against the NSA data
mining we know you're against the NSA
surveillance program so the question is
where does the Democratic Party what
will you do if you're elected to power
to make our country safer in the war on
terror specifically what do your what
will your party support your party brags
about killing the Patriot Act you don't
want the NSA surveillance you don't want
data mining we have Pat Leahy saying
that he doesn't want a NSA surveillance
program Nancy Pelosi the woman would
love to be Speaker she's against the NSA
surveillance and she meant to that you
mentioned the very specific things the
Patriot Act the NSA surveillance program
the party that's weak on national
defense that doesn't want the Patriot
Act the NSA program the data mining
program is it right to say that for
example on issues involving national
security
be it the NSA surveillance program the
data mining program the Patriot Act
Guantanamo Bay that Democrats are weak
on issues involving national security
when our techniques are working we've
got the NSA program here we've got the
Patriot Act program here you know in
light of this how close this was i it's
staggering to me that were even debating
the use of these techniques in this
country even at this time
big brother is monitoring your every
move whether it be online or on the
telephone let's talk about why this
story why is this important to you
number one this is America and as
law-abiding American citizens you have a
right to privacy number two these
actions by the Obama administration are
clear very clear violation of the Fourth
Amendment which prohibits unreasonable
search and seizure number three the
Constitution it is our rule of law if we
do not respect and honor the
Constitution then anarchy and tyranny
will there follow
