over the weekend John McCain passed away
at the age of 81 he was diagnosed with
brain cancer and before the weekend
begun his family had notified the press
that they were going to discontinue his
treatment soon after that news broke
that he had passed away now there have
been some interesting developments
coming from the White House in response
to McCain's death and they are not good
so let's start off with Trump refusing
to really address the fact that John
McCain had died
now first press secretary Sarah Huckabee
Sanders chief of staff John Kelly and
other White House aides advocated for an
official statement that gave the Vietnam
War Vietnam War p√≠o w plaudits for his
military and Senate service and called
him a hero but Trump was not in favor of
that in fact according to reports Trump
told aides that he wanted to post a
brief tweet instead and the statement
praising him John McCain was not
released okay so what did Trump say
through Twitter you know that's where he
is this articulate communicator my
deepest sympathies and respect go out to
the family of Senator John McCain our
hearts and prayers are with you so this
is speculation but I would argue that
it's accurate speculation Trump didn't
even write that there were no
misspellings
there was no grammatical error there was
punctuation someone else wrote that on
his behalf and even so it didn't even
really acknowledge John McCain yes I
thought was interesting yeah I didn't
have as much of a problem with the tweet
as most people did yeah he certainly
could have said more about anything from
Trump look this whole story puts us in a
weird position because on one hand of
course we had issues with John McCain he
was a war hawk all of that you know it's
not like we agreed with everything he
did now
progressives get ready to be angry with
me he wasn't all bad either right now
Trump has no redeeming qualities I don't
care about Trump there's nothing that I
can turn to and say that was good that
was a good thing about Trump with John
McCain that was it was different you
know he was a mixed
yes he was a war house yes he said some
pretty terrible things about the Asian
community in the past I got no love for
him when it comes to those things yeah
but when it comes to you know some of
the things he was outspoken about
whether it be about immigrants whether
it be about speaking up against Donald
Trump those are the things that are
admirable he was the McCain golden
McCain Feingold he was the only
Republican senator if I'm remembering
correctly know he was the one who made
the deciding vote in the Affordable Care
Act repealed to save part of it to save
part of it so he wasn't all bad
okay it was mostly bad he was the vast
majority bad yes he was almost entirely
bad but with that said you are a US
president just have a little bit of
class I know that we can't really expect
that from him and he hated McCain it was
clear he hated McCain he said that he
preferred soldiers who didn't get
captured a reference to McCain being a
prisoner of war for six years yeah yeah
anyway so during a press conference
here's how Trump handled questions about
McCain's death
thank you very much thank you very much
everybody
so one other thing that I wanted to say
to juxtapose his response to McCain's
passing remember last week Trump was
tweeting non-stop about how admirable
man afford is that's true this is a man
okay who was working for the Russian
government and was hiding money from the
US government so he would evade taxes
okay and yeah and I do want to clarify
that error um I think that there was
someone on this network who said that
man affords convictions had nothing to
do with Russia it absolutely did have
something to do with Russia because he
made his money through Russia through
representing Russian interests in
Ukraine in order to help Vladimir Putin
achieve what he wanted in Ukraine and
then he made sixty million dollars doing
it and hid thirty million dollars from
the US government so he could evade
taxes so the root of that problem was
Russia and the fact that man affort was
a foreign agent who failed to register
as a foreign agent here in the United
States just want to make sure that we
correct any errors that might have aired
on our network with that said though
what are your thoughts on all of this
John I think I mean the obvious thing to
say is it's pathetic
but it probably would go maybe in the
top 50 most pathetic things that Donald
Trump has done I mean that the simplest
thing in the world would be Bruce
president you have any comments about
John McCain yeah I just like to thank
him for his service obviously you know
great great work in the military
fighting on behalf of his country and a
long a distinguished career in the
Senate that will be remembered for a
very long time thank you
that's the easiest thing in the world
you could say that about it somebody
that just punched you in the face that
it wouldn't be that hard the John McCain
is dead
you've won sort of I guess you hated the
man now he's dead you're somehow still
alive it would be the easiest thing in
the world to just act I think take your
pick and I apologize if I offend anyone
either act like an adult or act like a
man do one of those two things maybe the
dolt
if you've got it inside of you to do
that the simplest thing in the world to
just tweet he you know for all of our
disagreements John McCain did what he
believed in and he'll be remembered as
one of the Giants of the Senate in the
twentieth century that's simple that's
not saying he was right on the issues
that's not saying he wasn't a d-bag to
you or anything like that that is the
most simple thing in the world but he
doesn't have any of that in him he is a
vindictive narcissistic tiny little
manchild that's right that's what we're
dealing with and this is not from my
point of view I don't care about John
McCain really I feel bad for his for his
family and that's what I expressed on
Twitter I lost my father to cancer I can
only imagine what it's like for the
family to do the same thing right now
but he's of your party you agree with
96% of the votes that he's taken in his
career and you can't work up seven or
eight words to rub together in his honor
no he can't he can't even handle
allowing the release of a White House
statement that he doesn't have to write
himself he won't allow it you know what
maybe it was that the word hero was in
there yeah and that's why he has to
attack John McCain on that particular
thing which you know she's done terrible
things afterward pushed for policies to
kill hundreds of thousands of people did
about as bad stuff as you can but what
he didn't Vietnam was heroic I haven't
done anything like that in my life have
you done anything like that in your life
course I have it Edwyn and by the way
most of people watching this happen it
wasn't just that he was a prisoner of
war for years it was that he was being
tortured to give up top-secret
information to our enemies at the time
and he refused to do it
in the meantime Trump didn't go to
Vietnam because he lied about bone spurs
in his foot and he had his personal
Vietnam which was the fight to not get
an STD which is in his quote not mine so
that's why he lashes out because he sees
in John McCain something that he has
never had one single ounce of heroism or
integrity or honor or any of that want
to see more videos like this well you
can all you have to do is subscribe to
the TYT channel below and don't forget
to become a TYT member and download the
TYT Plus app on your phone
head over to T y-t-dot-com slash join
today
