a truck world tower doorman who
apparently had some detailed information
about an affair that Trump had which
allegedly led to an illegitimate child
as it's being reported has been released
from a contract a catch and kill
contract with AMI that is the parent
company for National Enquirer now ami
has been known to do this with other
individuals who had salacious details
about either trumps past or Trump's
present this was all an effort by David
pecker the head of this organization to
continue supporting Trump and to
continue ensuring that he is not hurt
politically through his past scandals so
this contract was signed by Dino sahaja
by Dino Sahu Dean so Dino Sahu Dean is
the doorman the contract appears to have
been signed on November 15 2015 and
states that ami has exclusive rights to
the story but does not mention the
details of the story itself beyond
saying source shall provide ami with
information regarding Trump's
illegitimate child well so that's
written in the contract
ami will not owe source any compensation
if ami does not publish the exclusive
and the top of the agreement shows that
the doorman could receive a sum of
$30,000 payable upon publication as set
forth below so that was the original
contract
it was later amended to indicate I know
it was later amended to indicate that
they would pay him regardless so the
third page of the agreement shows that
about a month later the party signed an
amendment that states that Sahu Dean
would be paid $30,000 within five days
of receiving the amendment it says the
exclusivity period laid out in the
agreement is extended in perpetuity and
shall not expire okay so it has been
expired and not expired necessarily but
they have ami has released him from this
contract and part of the reason why this
is happening is because David pecker
appears to have turned on Trump so this
is all part of a
massive investigation involving Trump
and some of his wrongdoings Sahu Dean
had actually spoken to CNN earlier this
year in April he told CNN he claims to
have knowledge of a relationship Trump
had with his former housekeeper that
resulted in a child I want to be
absolutely clear though that has not
been verified by any investigative
journalists so not even the great
investigative journalists at National
Enquirer I don't know I I doubt it but
the whole point of these catch and kill
contracts is to ensure that these
individuals with knowledge of trumps
alleged wrongdoings share that
information with AMI and no one else or
else they would face a penalty and then
AMI never publishes the story it's all
an effort to kind of cover up what Trump
has done in the past yeah so first of
all I'd like to say I would love to live
in a country where we didn't have
stories like this remember under Obama
all the illegitimate child stories we're
to cover god I really I really wish that
we had a normal president and someday I
hope I hope for myself and I hope for
you that someday we have that again for
now though National Enquirer so here's
the thing anybody who has ever come
across Donald Trump could claim to have
knowledge of an illegitimate child that
he has if they're willing to pay $30,000
they must have thought there was at
least something to it doesn't mean that
it happened but he had some kind of
evidence I suppose and this is I think
an effective demonstration to anyone out
there who possess a sensitive
information that you really have to
gamble on when to release it because
apparently National Enquirer was
protecting him from November of 2015
until right before the election in 2016
at that point an affair was worth a
hundred thirty thousand dollars early on
a child was only worth 30 so if he had
gambled and waited later on he could
have made more money now this is
relevant because it it the whole
question of illegal campaign
contributions comes up so if ami was
willing to pay this dormant thirty
thousand dollars in an effort to catch
and kill the story well that could be
considered an illegal campaign
contribution which is probably the
reason why David pecker has allegedly
decided to turn on
and you know work with authorities he's
been cooperating with authorities yeah
I'm and I I would guess I guess I would
say that at least if that's it and there
there aren't other things then that
actually sounds more like he's he's just
protecting himself without really
necessarily having anything like that
that again you could claim you could get
the immunity for that without knowing
for sure whether was true I don't think
that Muller's team or the New York
prosecutors would necessarily offer it
in that case but it's not impossible if
he was doing that I mean he could be
coming in campaign finance violations
without necessarily implicating Donald
Trump I believe that the combination of
him of David pecker and Cohen probably
does implicate Trump but it doesn't
necessarily have to that's exactly right
and so I mean we'll see how this plays
out but it's a good thing that the
investigation is taking place there
could be evidence showing that David
pecker acted on his own behalf had
nothing to do with Cohen had nothing to
do with Trump we'll see but I also want
to be clear that there are a lot of
different issues at play when it comes
to Trump it's not just the Russia
investigation there's of course the
Russia investigation in addition to an
investigation into illegal campaign
contributions that involves Karen
McDougal stormy Daniels his Trump Tower
doormen then there is a third
investigation criminal investigation
pertaining to the Trump charity in which
Trump allegedly used charity money to
enrich himself and pay off his own
settlements so there are all these
investigations taking place because
Trump is of course corrupt so what
you'll hear from the right wing is that
everyone is focusing on Russia and only
Russia but know there are separate
investigations into separate criminal
potentially criminal wrongdoings is it
crazy isn't it crazy of the things that
hypothetically you could go down for
like I don't necessarily think that he
will but these sorts of like campaign
finance violations are this very
identifiable thing that he might have
done but he gets away because he's
president with doing far worse things
like there are over five hundred kids
that are still separated from their
families any one of those should be
enough to take someone down or send them
to jail he
rekt entire families not to mention of
course of thousands of others who
although they might be reunited their
relationship has fundamentally changed
for the rest of their lives we had a
video on the damage board this morning
if a kid meeting his mom again for the
first time and the kid just runs away he
there doesn't recognize there he's
actually scared or angry his mom so much
so that he doesn't actually run to her
but that's not what's gonna take him
down taking us out of you know the Paris
climate Accords risking the future of
our species and our civilization that's
totally fine you the president you can
do whatever you want the drone strikes
and supporting Saudi Arabia and it's a
war on Yemen all these things are
totally fine two easy ways for young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
