a gunman opened fire at a videogame
tournament in Jacksonville Florida
killing two later killing himself
unfortunately uh aside from those who
were murdered eleven were injured and
nine were injured by gunfire to give you
some more details into the story police
have identified the attacker they've
identified him as David Katz a 24-year
old from Baltimore
now Jacksonville Sheriff Mike Williams
added that he did not know what
motivated the shooting or whether Katz
knew the victims that were targeted or
whether the victims were even targeted
specifically in the first place so the
story is still developing authorities
are really holding on to whatever
details they're not releasing them to
the public quite yet but investigative
journalists have done a pretty decent
job so far in looking into the history
of the shooter and trying to figure out
you know who he is why he possibly did
this The Associated Press obtained some
documents indicating that he had been
hospitalized in the past for mental
health illnesses and that his parents
disagreed deeply over how to take care
of those mental health illnesses now we
don't know specifically what those
illnesses are so I don't want to
speculate on that the attacker died from
a gunshot wound to the head and that's
according to the medical examiner six
shooting victims described as males in
their mid 20s were treated at the
University of Florida College of
Medicine in Jacksonville and also four
were struck in their torsos while the
other two were shot in the extremities
one victim is in serious condition but
luckily all of them are expected to
survive so John I want you to jump in
because this was a video game tournament
for Madden which is an NFL game this was
the first part of the tournament meaning
you know this was the qualifier and
there are some witnesses saying that the
shooter competed lost then he left
grabbed his gun and came back that's
what some of the witnesses are saying so
I want to be clear about that yeah I I
don't know for sure the police I think
in this case are being responsible and
not saying that they know for sure what
the motive is and
at this point I would say don't I don't
really care I mean whether he had lost
and then came back or whatever this is
there's no logical connection between
losing and shooting up the place anyway
so whether that's the thing that set him
off or not it's not actually the reason
he did it it's something else
something more fundamental but it's
awful in any event I mean eSports is
exploding you have these huge gatherings
and people go there because they all
share a hobby basically and they want to
you know be enthusiastic about it and
pursue that and like with every other
mass shooting no one should have to to
deal with the sort of thing I've seen
details on the two who were killed we
talked about them on the damage report
this morning and you know their friends
and families even though the police at
this point perhaps they have now they
hadn't actually identified for sure the
two who had died but family and friends
of those two have spread their you know
their pictures and information about
their lives one had a family you know
like a wife and a kid at that point and
so just you know obviously tragedy so as
you know this is one of many shootings
that have happened in the state of
Florida recently and the governor of
Florida Rick Scott was asked to comment
on the shooting and so during a press
conference he said the following the
first thing people are going to do is
this political fight but let's look at
this this young man and other young men
they're not valuing life something is
causing that as a society we've got to
figure this out every parent has got to
say to themselves what can I do better
so essentially putting the onus on
parents here so look we have a problem
in the country I feel like we as a
nation as a political party as
progressives like we've become a broken
record there's another mass shooting
more people died we have the same
conversation over and over and over
again we even have that part of the
conversation over and over and over
again right because here's here's a fact
of the matter
first off Republicans they're not gonna
do anything about gun control they're
just not we have a corrupt political
system they're getting funded by weapons
manufacturers they're getting their
support from the NRA they're not gonna
do anything about gun
control we know that we're gonna have
the exact same conversation a few weeks
from now if not a month from now we're
gonna have that conversation again soon
okay so you as the voter what are we
gonna do because we need to really
reform politics in the country if you
genuinely want to do something about
this I've been clear about my views on
guns and gun control I don't believe in
banning guns I do believe in the Second
Amendment but I get painted as an
extremist or a radical when it comes to
gun control because people have bought
into this idea that it's a black or
white issue either you have guns or you
don't but what we have right now is not
a common sense system where you have an
individual with mental health issues
getting his hands on guns like it well
should not happen in this case it should
be pretty simple because they have said
for a long time the problem is people
with you know mental health issues so in
this case clearly this is a reminder we
need to do something about that right
you don't do anything about that that
does hurt
that's that hurts it so Republicans are
not only disingenuous when they point to
you know mental health problems or video
games as the real issue behind these
mass shootings they also don't really do
anything about it after mentioning those
things as scapegoats right then are you
gonna fund mental health programs of
course they're not yeah and just to go
through a couple of those we have the
same we should have a segment we have
the same conversation every time the
dana loesch goes on the NRA and says
it's safe spaces that do it I know the
guy in the NRA said that it was
headphones that caused it having
headphones that block the noise of
gunfire is dangerous and thus you
probably shouldn't wear them so maybe
we'll get some sort of headphone control
if we can't get gun control politicians
the Republicans might since their
primaries tomorrow they might pretend
for 24 hours that they actually care
about this it'll probably dissipate
shortly after that and we should
probably also you know while I hate
having to talk about politics in
connection with either this set of
killings or with Molly tidbits at the
time we said well it's a little bit
weird that you're immediately
politicizing this when you always say
don't politicize the mass shootings and
maybe at that point they might have said
well that's ancient history well it's
coming up and you're doing it again I
mean Rick Scott you just saw there was
say
don't politicize this and again what
happens just Donald I'm talking about it
well it's pending on his race turns out
he's white so of course the president
doesn't talk about it and that's why it
shouldn't be politicized but you can
guarantee that if it was someone else of
some other race that it shot up the same
exact tournament Rick Scott would not be
saying we're in a rush to politicize it
you if you've watched the show for a
while and I said these same things I
have said these same things we will
tragically unfortunately have to say
them again
right the way that things work in this
country right now indicate that this
type of shooting will happen again in
the future and it'll happen again in the
near future so while it's our duty to
report on this story and tell you about
it and give you our thoughts on it just
understand that this is a conversation
that we'll be having again in another
week if not in another week maybe in
another month
I mean mass shootings really do happen
every day in the country we just don't
hear about all of them over 215 this
year exactly so we would be doing
nothing other than reporting on mass
shootings if we were to only focus on
that one topic and it's devastating and
it makes me feel so helpless yeah yeah
and if it was the same exact things but
they were actually labeled as terror
attacks and they were happening this
often they happen at a concert then they
happen at you know concert on side of
the casino and then they happen at a
gaming thing and then you know all of
that do we have any doubt that people
would demand some sort of change then I
mean what would people not be willing to
give up or change or radically alter to
do it if they thought that this was a
string of connected terror attacks but
if it's unconnected by anything other
than our obsession with guns and our
apparent worship of violence in this
country we don't do anything we don't
care because it seems disconnected it's
just a whole bunch of crazy white people
they were connected obviously since it
doesn't happen elsewhere it doesn't not
not in this way not with this much
frequency by the way Republican
candidates in the state of Florida have
canceled their campaign events in
Jacksonville following the shooting so
you might think oh that's the honorable
thing to do they're doing this too out
of respect for the victims no they're
doing this because they don't want to
answer
questions about gun legislation which
could hurt them politically in a state
like Florida which by the way happens to
be the only state in the country as far
as I know that has actually increased
its support for Trump go Florida so
Republican candidates are canceling
their campaign events in Jackson
villages to give you some specifics
Republican candidates for governor Adam
Putnam and Ron de santis announced their
events in Jacksonville had been canceled
and what are they offering to the
victims of these shootings you guessed
it thoughts and prayers
so Adam Putnam said our prayers continue
to be with the victims and their
families please cooperate with local law
enforcement and do not hesitate to be
helpful and your community in any way
you can yeah if you're running for
governor and the only thing you can
offer our thoughts and prayers then
you're not a leader you're just like
everyone else also Ron de santis said
due to today's tragic shooting in
Jacksonville the previously scheduled
DeSantis campaign stop for tomorrow in
Jacksonville will be canceled well has
been canceled our thoughts and prayers
are with the families and the entire
Jacksonville community at this time I
mean it's it's amazing I would like to
ask for I believe the least change
possible just to pretend like you care
I'm not saying you have to do anything
more than thoughts and prayers but at
least call it something else say our
prayers and our deepest thoughts are
with you at least word it differently
it's almost like they're mocking us at
this point that they continue to use
that cliched phrase that they know
they're going to be attacked for but
they feel some sort of obligation it's
like they have some sort of contract
with the NRA that for the next two years
I have to say thoughts and prayers I
can't possibly say you know we're really
thinking about you and we feel great
compassion for your suffering they
literally can't word it in any other way
well you know what who knows maybe
thoughts and prayers would help I'm
going to show you what the scene was
like when the shooting took place we're
not going to show you people getting
shot you're gonna hear what it sounded
like and let's see if thoughts and
prayers would help these victims out be
hard the divorce rate is not a lot it's
not a tough out today
yeah turns out that the previous
thoughts is that our politicians had
doled out in the past and past shootings
didn't didn't seem to help these victims
out in this case it's so pathetic
they're supposed to be leaders they're
supposed to be individuals who make
difficult decisions to represent us and
protect us that is literally the only
role of government to protect its
citizens that's it and they fail to do
it time and time again it's pathetic
that's I had not actually listened to
that before that is that is rough and I
mean the idea that if we have a problem
and we're gonna try to fix it like the
only things that Republicans are willing
to talk about our solutions that would
begin one to two seconds into that
videotape we're not gonna do anything to
stop them from having the gun he's in
the room he wants to kill you what could
we do maybe maybe the people playing
Madden have guns maybe there's cops all
over the place those are the only
potential solutions when every rational
person watching that knows that the
solution of that problem was that he
didn't have a gun in the first place and
we just have to ask ourselves what are
we willing to do to ensure that people
like that either with mental health
problems or a predisposition towards
violence or god only knows what don't
have guns if they don't need to have
guns so far we're willing to do
absolutely not but Republicans have been
willing to cede all of the ground
between him going and buying the gun to
him pointing at someone in a video game
tournament and then they're willing to
talk about hey maybe we could have
someone else shooting at him because a
lot of people could listen to that tape
and think there weren't enough guns
firing then that's the solution a
crossfire that's the solution to all of
our problems of mass violence in America
have you heard about the new TYT audio
network we have some great new shows for
you find us wherever you get your
podcast by searching for TYT Network or
head over to T y-t-dot-com slash audio
