while Donald Trump was speaking with Fox
and Friends Ainsley Earhardt the topic
of his possible impeachment came up and
he had some very interesting ideas about
what exactly would come about were he to
be impeached as you'll see in this clip
if the Democrats take back power do you
believe they will try to impeach you
well you know I guess it says something
like high crimes and all I don't I don't
know how you can impeach somebody who's
done a great job okay all right I mean
as always okay I guess it's high crimes
at all yeah dude you might be impeached
you want to at least read the clause
like I know you don't like to read and I
know you've never read the Constitution
it's the one part of the Constitution
that could actually affect you you might
get thrown out of office I guess it's
high crimes on all or something right
yeah yeah what do I know right of course
the second part I don't know you could
go you know impeach someone who's doing
a good job yeah no that has nothing
first of all if you find the guy doing a
good job at the White House please let
me know okay but second of all even if
we were to grant you that that's not how
it works and we're like oh now okay I'm
doing a good job stock market's up
unemployment's down I kill someone and
all of a sudden they want to impeach me
can you really impeach a guy who's you
know doing a good job in office yes yes
if you committed another crime yes we
get I don't you I dispute that I think
you have to take into account evidence
you know circumstance and all that if a
dude shot someone it turned out that he
was like he worked in Subway made a
really good sandwich sandwich artist do
you really arrest him I don't know he's
doing a good job a good sandwich yeah
you know I thought you were go somewhere
else with it because I remembered
actually there was a vice president who
shot someone in the face while in office
that was Dick Cheney yeah yeah yeah and
he was doing a miserable job no to be
fair that was an accident we think they
say anyway that was the first thing that
he thinks might happen but it goes even
beyond that actually uh listen I'll tell
you what if I ever got impeached I think
the market would crash I think everybody
would be very poor everybody would be
very poor yeah we just have been
stagnant since 1978
they have dropped when you take
inflation to account under his watch now
the risk up way richer way richer
because of the tax cuts but the average
American your wages have dropped under
Trump but God forbid if he were to be
impeached then everyone would be poor
mm-hmm yeah be devastating who supports
the guy who talks like that who is so
unintelligent and and a ridiculous human
being even if he'd said it in a
sophisticated way yeah I would that make
it any better if Obama had said well you
know if I were to be in trouble I think
that everyone in the country would be
less affluent are you back okay well you
said it in a nice way it's still a
ridiculous thing to say yeah I I see the
problem so you want more sophisticated
so he didn't actually explain why there
but he does go on to explain why would
his impeachment lead to the economy
collapsing let's find out because
without this thinking you would see you
would see numbers that you wouldn't
believe in reverse I don't know that
means sentence in defense of his own
presence here we see numbers in Reverse
no no but he does that in the middle the
numbers are coming back okay maybe he's
Missy Elliott he just reverses and flips
it I don't know but what I love most of
all is that he can't say the right
sentence in the middle of bragging about
his thinking I want to talk to her about
thinking know what I mean oh I'm a brain
that's right here you know where my
thoughts come from the dome part okay
yes so here's the thing though so him
bragging about his thinking and how
powerful it is and how we will be doomed
if we don't have his brain I keep doing
this I apologize just in case you forget
where the brain is or we're thinking
comes from but early this morning very
early so you normally wakes up pretty
early and begins tweeting he actually
started far earlier at 1:00 a.m. Eastern
Time he apparently woke from some sort
of crazy dream covered in sweat and
tweeted this no collusion
Briggs Wisconsin and that's it just that
that was it actually apparently what
happened and that's that's the guy the
thinking that's what he uses his brain
for it's different is that tweet that
he's literally screaming into the abyss
all caps locked you know the crazy thing
is as crazy as that seems there are
people who are like they put on their
maggot they law into AOL they print
their Twitter their tweeter and they see
that and they think he's innocent
how could you think that use the brain
so guys the one good news out of all
this is he's in a cold sweat panic he
might be saying it's a rigged witch hunt
and etcetera and he might get his manga
guys to go yeah it's phony sure it's not
happening but as my mom would say he
knows you don't get up in the middle of
the night and go totally panicked you
are so sure that he's going down but
what you don't know is that he is
getting great legal advice and not just
from a lawyer he is crowd sourcing it in
a manner of speaking which he'll explain
right here by the way he played to two
counts that aren't a crime which nobody
understands I watched a number of shows
sometimes you get some pretty good
information by watching shows those two
counts aren't even a crime just when you
think he can't tell himself okay so
let's go over the I mean he fits more
stupidity into a sentence than any man
I've ever seen right now george w bush
is leaning back and crawford somewhere
going yep looking pretty good now in it
okay so he said do things here now i
watch a lot of shows you're the
president don't quote cable news shows
as your source
pundits okay yeah okay I watch a lot of
television so does my eight-year-old
yeah okay that's not a thing
okay and the things that he pled guilty
to are crimes yes because normally
crimes are not crimes and when you plead
guilty
you're not pleading guilty to a crime
you're pleading guilty to something else
I'm pleading guilty to being too
good-looking charge charge am I am I too
hot too smart
guess guilty know in court you actually
plead guilty to a thing called
a crime okay but Cohen is facing three
to six years in prison you know what you
go to prison for crimes yeah
prison they're not actually prisons um
but that's the thing like he has been
watching Fox News and they have been
saying over and over all of them are
saying that these aren't actually crimes
they do not actually big deal either
they're jaywalking for Alan Dershowitz
or Ainsley Earhardt the person he was
talking to said breaking campaign
finance laws is that a crime is that
illegal that's the person interviewing
the president so if you watch Fox News
how could you think anything other than
that the things he pled guilty to are
not actually crimes I hear you but you
could also use your thinking to deduce
that when when someone says well is
breaking a law really a crime you can
think yeah that's that's the definition
of was right no we have already passed
he said to a crowd a huge crowd of
people that when you go to a grocery
store you have to show photo ID and they
all just said oh that's the least of it
brother you say different crowd he went
and he said now I like clean call you
take out the coal and you clean it no
you don't like this video that's great
and you never have to miss another
episode of TYT by hitting the subscribe
button below and ring the bell to get
notified whenever we publish a new video
