it's The Young Turks he's almost jumped
the shark it's almost over
tell your friends family neighbors Randy
Gonzalez watch the young turks today
we're we're so close my god if I am
right that he goes down before the
midterms god help you all you will never
be able to contain my head and in
another room again I don't care if we're
in a frickin stadium you will not be
able to contain my head he's circling
the drain brothers and sisters he's
circling it man Robert Muller has this
cued up
show me the bottle okay oh and I know
what Rob's thinking which makes it so
bad okay it's almost over I know I know
you're just gonna think I'm crazy for
saying it what you been thinking I'm
crazy at all this time but it circling
the drain hit a circling the drain it's
almost over for trouble I know but
listen I'm gonna show it to you you know
me I'm gonna back it up with facts I'm
going to show you why I think he's in a
world of trouble that interview he did
on Fox disaster disaster he shouldn't
about any of that okay so oh my god it
is one confession after another after
another
I guess so many clips from it I think
he's losing his own guys I
he's losing Republicans he's losing his
base he's losing his mind okay
it's tonight everybody okay so look
don't whatever you do I need you to
understand something
do not miss any part of this show the
one way to good way to do that become a
member you never miss any part of any
show again t y-t-dot-com /join
okay now Trump's gonna have so a lot of
free time soon maybe he'll like to be a
member
alright we're going over here and get
started so I want to be crystal clear
that Donald Trump is a liar now you've
heard me say this many times because it
is obvious anyone going around
pretending the damper is closed honey I
got bad news for you ain't got no gloves
on he in fact he's going around saying
show me the bottle
okay and they did he
the buttock and everything else because
he doesn't have clothes on he's an
unbelievable liar now it's okay it's
okay I want to prove it to you I want
you to send this video to your Magra
friends if you have manga friends by the
way god help you alright anyway that's
alright you got family members that
happens all the time brothers sisters
aunts uncles of your dad got brainwashed
by Fox sent this video to him because
I'm curious what they think that's all
that quit being loud now that I can't
stand it bye don't worry about that look
at the videos and make your own judgment
call are you human
do you have cognitive abilities do you
still believe in logic and reason watch
the videos of Trump you don't worry
about anything I'm saying and then you
tell me whether this guy's a liar or not
so it's all a show Michael Cohen he went
and talked to Amy your heart of FoxNews
and claimed look Michael Cohen and me I
barely even know we'll get to that later
in the show in this case he says okay
fine all right I made the payments to
stormy Daniels so here watch for
yourself did you know about the payments
later on I knew later on but you have to
understand anything what he did and they
weren't taken out of campaign finance
that's a big thing that's a much bigger
thing did they come out of the campaign
they didn't come out of the campaign
they came from me and I tweeted about it
you know I put I don't know if you know
but I tweeted he tweeted he tweeted
about it he says they came from me the
payments to stormy Daniels came from me
this is Donald Trump earlier on Air
Force One when he was confronted months
ago and he thought he could still cover
it up watch
no I didn't know by the payments no I
don't know where he got the money and he
just set on fuck since it was me it was
me so obviously he knew all along I
don't know how you're gonna deny it
in fact I'm curious leave a comment
below how on God's green earth do you
look at those two videos and not realize
that he was obviously lying he was of
and if you say hey look I know it he's a
lie he lies all the time he lied about
this cuz it's embarrassing
he slept with a porn star and he wanted
to cover it up and then he broke
campaign finance laws what are you gonna
do I'd like to if I had already broken
two other laws ok fair just don't say
he's not a liar but of course Sarah how
could be Sanders another professional
liar has to step in and say this many
people no look back at that tape of him
on Air Force One saying he knew nothing
about these payments when in fact we now
know he knew everything about these
payments so has he lied look again I
think that's an ridiculous accusation
the president in this matter has done
nothing wrong a ridiculous accusation
look at the two tapes hey listen you
know what
in case it's hard for you to see the two
tips of you you don't have the ability
to rewind whatever it is we're gonna put
them all together for you guys including
the tape to Michael Cohen released of
Michael Cohen and Donald Trump talking
about the payments before the campaign
watch they weren't taken out of campaign
finance that's a big thing that's a much
bigger thing did they come out of the
campaign they didn't come out of the
campaign
they came from me and I tweeted about it
you know I put I don't know if you know
but I tweeted
I've actually come up a girl to me and
I've spoken to Alan why sober about how
to set the whole thing up with funding
that yes
end of this so if you still don't think
he's a liar okay you purposely want to
be ignorant that's okay that's your call
to make brother okay but it is evident
to anyone who cares about the truth that
Donald Trump lied at a bare minimum
about the stormy Daniels story admit it
and let's move on now the reality is his
lied thousands of times over and over
again and he gets caught and he lies
within the same sentence within the same
interview
it's so obvious my last question to the
Magog Isis what is it like I get if you
support his policies I don't agree with
you but I understand that that's not
complicated but why do you keep
defending him on things that are
indefensible if I was you like for
example in fact I was you look I was a
Republican and and and I switched later
on but even so when Bill Clinton was
being impeached I thought it was wrong
impeach him because I'm like look you
got a keg and got oral sex from someone
who was you know doing it in a
consensual way etc Mike did he lie about
it of course of course he lied about it
but I don't think you should impeach him
over it but at least I said the obvious
thing of of course he lied about it
can't you at least say that at a bare
bare minimum and then say okay that
maybe you raise your hand you know what
it's no big deal
or I like liars whatever it floats your
boat but you can under no circumstances
say that he's not a liar cuz he most
obviously is okay I think I was very
clear about that we're gonna move
forward okay now oh this was a doozy
okay Donald Trump on Fox toy gains their
heart about Michael Cohen he's going to
say something unbelievable even for
Donald Trump I swear to God what I saw
this I was shocked and I know how much
he lies I know how pathologically is I
know how nuts he is and even I was
surprised listen to this Michael Cohen
tell me about your relationship with him
well he was a lawyer for me for one of
many you know they would say the lawyer
and then they'd like to add the fixer
well I don't know because a fixer I
don't know where that term came from but
he's been a lawyer from they didn't do
big deals did small deals not somebody
that was with me that much you know they
make it sound like I didn't live with
without him I understood Michael cone
very well he what turned out he wasn't a
very good lawyer frankly but he was
somebody that was probably with me for
about ten years and I would see him
sometimes yeah I would see him sometimes
he's a minor lawyer who's my Michael
Cohen who's Michael Cohen I mean I
perfectly knew the guy
I mean I can go on and on here's a tweet
Michael a fine person is a part of a
tweet that he wrote before Michael a
fine person with a wonderful family
Michael's a businessman for his own
account /lu who I've always always liked
and respected now I mean I call and they
say I was with him was I with them I
mean yeah ten years but did I really
know I'm small-time I barely knew him I
don't know what you're talking about
okay so look guys let's be fair maybe he
doesn't have that good of memory so
let's ask Donald Trump if he's got a
good memory maybe you forgot I don't
have teleprompters here folks
I don't need teleprompters it's called
like up here and it's called memory and
it's called other things I have a good
memory and all that stuff like a great
memory I have a really good memory I
have a very good memory can I have a
good memory like a great memory I have a
great memory I'm blessed with a great
memory one of the great memories of all
time listen maybe you know you can look
at that video the first video of Donald
Trump and say well look I don't know
maybe he's not saying he barely knew him
he's just saying you know I had a lot of
lawyers and I was he was just one of my
mind alert he was the lawyer he was
known as his victim for a reason he was
the lawyer he's though who's the lawyer
that you trust most the one who's going
to make the payments to the mistress is
for you right not that's not a minor
Lori didn't get you out of a traffic
ticket it but I love that you know yeah
I mean look
it's not like I live with the guy and
then the clip where he's like it's
called the memory
it's called other things did you forget
the other things that it's called unreal
Bo food oh my god I just realized some
people look up to this guy oh that's the
saddest thing I've ever heard
oh now all of a sudden I feel terrible
for you go find another role model man
not one who's like it's called the
memory
it's called other things okay God aren't
there for a second when I thought wow
some people think that guy's smart okay
all right we're moving forward it keeps
getting better and better
okay are we under sessions
we're under flipping right is this the
flipping one okay oh there you go thank
you another one that's unbelievable
Dee's unbelievable okay Donald Trump on
Fox News unreal interview basically
admitting almost everything he says yeah
I made the payments to stormy Daniels it
was me and and Michael Cohen his lawyer
and fixed her flipped on him what do you
think about flipping now hold on what
would you think about somebody who
cooperated with law enforcement might
think you cooperated with law
enforcement if you like law enforcement
that makes sense now if you're a
criminal you wouldn't like him at all
you'd call him a rat you call them
things like that I said I can't believe
it that's the mob guys that said they
say uh I can't believe it flip so now if
you haven't seen it yet now it's great
we'll get to find out together which
side is Donald Trump on let's watch one
of the reasons I respect ball man afford
so much is he went through that you know
they make up stories people make up
stories this whole thing about flipping
they call it I know all about flipping
for 30 40 years I've been watching
flipper
everything's wonderful and then they get
10 years in jail and they they flip on
whoever the next highest one is or as
high as you can go
it almost sought to be outlawed it's not
fair
in all fairness to him most people are
going to do that and I've seen it many
times I've had many friends involved in
this stuff
it's called flipping and it almost ought
to be illegal you get 10 years in jail
but if you say bad things about somebody
in other words makeup stores if you
don't know makeup search they just make
up lies Wow cooperating with law
enforcement ought to be illegal okay
look I'll tell you this you're still am
a good guy and you think well I mean oh
of course you don't what the guy do you
know I'll flip on you every prosecutor
in the country right now is going that
guy's guilty I don't care how Republican
they are I don't care if they have seven
megawhatts in their closet they watch
that and go open up that guy's totally
guilty 100% guilty okay
oh yeah but you don't like these
flippers or any I mean we should we
should be illegal to flip and to talk to
Lord force know what kind of a rat talks
to law enforcement you know what I'm
saying okay so I've known these flippers
for 30 40 years first of all who says
that okay really do you know any
flippers guys I mean I don't know maybe
like somebody was involved in some sort
of crime in your family or somebody you
knew and they flip maybe you know one
right I don't know any maybe you know
one you've known this guy's known
flippers for 30 40 years
why maybe because like I've been telling
you all along
he's a lifelong criminal no I know these
guys are going flip do you know there's
clip-on people yeah did you know that
Donald Trump he used the same lawyer as
some of the top mob figures in New York
in fact they used to provide concrete
for okay and he hired Roy Cohn and it's
the same mob lawyer that was used by so
many others originally the Italian mob
and then later the Russian mob
uh and so he knows these guys cuz he's
been working with these guys and by the
way I use the word rad
now is that fair cuz Trump and say
ratted in that video well let's go to a
tweet from earlier he said The Fairly
New York Times wrote a fake piece today
implying that because White House
Counsel Don Magan was given hours of
testimony to the special counsel of
course misspelled he must be a John T
Dean type rat but I allowed him and all
others testify didn't have to etc here
first John Dean as a rat there John Dean
was a person who turned evidence on
Richard Nixon but the evidence he turned
was correct Richard Nixon left office in
disgrace no one disputes that John Dean
told the truth even Nixon doesn't
dispute it he left he resigned because
they got him and but in Trump's mind on
what a rat I can't believe he read it on
Nixon I know these flippers and these
are brats right
all right gentlemen cheat in New York
magazine had a really good article about
it he explained how you know even a
trump of a friend by the way
last November said they're referring the
mauler investigation it's an
investigation is a classic Gambino style
roll-up okay and so what's the role
we're gonna explain chase says it's
obviously quite rare to hear a
high-ranking elected official openly
embrace the terminology and moral logic
of the la cosa nostra okay and that is
that the mob guys they hate rats and
they don't like people flippin why
because they flip on them so here's how
the roll-up works the roll-up moves from
the bottom to the top it would be
extremely difficult to prosecute any
organized crime if it were not possible
to trade lenient sentences in return for
cooperation that's why I said every
prosecutor in the country knows he's
guilty because that's prosecute
prosecutor 101 you go in and you say
okay you got a minor drug dealer hey if
you give me information on the guy that
is the major drug dealer I'll give you a
more lenient sentence that's how you get
the major drug dealer
okay in this case you know they go to
the minor criminals like Michael Cohen
etc and they roll on the major criminals
like Donald Trump that's why Donald
Trump doesn't like
there's this great quote one more from
chain where he said since he explains
why that mafia guys are care about
loyalty the most he said since the
greatest threat to a Mafia dons business
is that subordinates will betray him he
typically surrounds himself with family
members even if they are not the
smartest or best criminals Oh
ding-ding-ding-ding-ding Donald Trump to
a tee you're wondering why hires a bunch
of incompetence like Rudy Giuliani and
just though it's a murderers row fools
and idiots it's because he's not
choosing based on merit he's choosing
based on loyalty that's why he's so mad
at you have sessions for not being loyal
what he calls loyal to him in another
part of the interview he explained that
where he said oh yeah I can't believe I
chose this guy because he was one of the
first to support me and then he was
immoral to me he's not supposed to be
loyal to you he's the Attorney General
he's supposed to be loyal to the
American citizens he's supposed to be a
lawyer for them not a personal lawyer
for the president but since Donald
Donald Trump is a lifelong criminal who
hates flippers and rats the thing the
main thing he chooses on is loyalty if
your loyalty to me that's all I care
about I don't care how incompetent you
are or how you represent the American
people don't be ridiculous
he acts just like a mafia boss except an
incredibly dumb one my bosses don't con
television and go I don't look ruts I
don't like people who flip on me I don't
like it okay yeah did I make the baby
yeah I made the payment this guy and he
wasn't oil to me so I would have fun
thinking about firing him now to cover
up you know what I'm saying the world's
dumbest mob boss
that's who Donald Trump is okay let's go
to sessions sessions
I'm not done with this guy yet we got a
lot man it's a hell of a show okay
Donald Trump in an amazing interview
with Fox News kept spilling the beans on
himself okay
meaning things he should not admit now
in an earlier interview with NBC got
himself in a lot of trouble a while back
now when he told Lester Holt that he
fired James Comey because he was doing
the Russian investigation why would you
admit that look there's a reason why I
call him stupid
it's frustrating that people don't
acknowledge the most obvious things in
the world the guy's a pathological liar
and he's incredibly stupid and they're
like no but no but maybe he's doing a
strategy and the strategy is pretending
to be stupid and doing stupid things
over and over again and then later maybe
leads to someone no it doesn't lead
anywhere
he's a moron so he did it again he's
talking about Jeff Sessions Jeff
Sessions the Attorney General for the
United States of America he's not Donald
Trump's personal lawyer he's supposed to
represent justice the Justice Department
reports into Jeff Sessions recused
himself from the Russia investigation
because he was involved in it he lied to
Congress during his confirmation
hearings about having meetings with the
Russians he said he didn't what he did
the bare minimum he could do is recuse
himself from that case but Donald Trump
it drives him crazy now if you were a
smart crooked person you would say oh no
I have other issues with Jeff know the
fact that that he didn't protect me
personally well if the Attorney
General's not supposed to do that no I
was worried that he missed the comma
there and he didn't apply my policy
correctly there you're supposed to be
sophisticated you're supposed to know
how to actually get to the same results
while not accidentally admitting that
you're in the middle of a cover-up but
he can't do it he can't do it so here he
is attacking sessions and the Justice
Department over and over again let's
start with this first clip you fire him
when you fire sighs well I'll tell you
what
as I've said I wanted to stay uninvolved
but when everybody sees what's going on
in the Justice Department was put
justice now with quotes it's a very very
sad day Jeff Sessions recused himself
which he shouldn't have done or he
should have told me okay
for the hundredth time he shouldn't have
recused himself why so if the the
investigation is impartial why would you
care about sessions recusing himself you
would only care if you didn't want it to
be impartial when doesn't matter he's
gonna admit that it's all about loyalty
anyway he's unbelievable you're not
supposed to say that he's so stupid I
can see all right so and I call it the
just it's your Justice Department you're
the president it's the Justice
Department that reports into you
you hired sessions and rod Rosa Stein
and the head of the FBI and then when
they actually do their jobs are like
thank you for hiring leavin it looks
like you might be guilty you or I look
we're gonna need to do an investigation
look day one they all got hired by him
they probably want to clear him but they
gotta do their job they gotta do the
investigation he's like oh you doing
your job but if you're I thought you
weren't gonna do your job but do you
want to be loyal to me all right so here
he is again attacking the Dems are very
strong in the Justice Department
I put an attorney general that never
took control of the Justice Department
Jeff Sessions never took control of the
Justice Department and it's a sort of an
incredible thing yeah it is an
incredible thing that you're claiming
the Democrats are on the Justice
Department when they're all Republicans
they're all pointed by you um they're
really right-wing Republican sentences
Rosa sighs the Republican mother's a
Republican okay they're all Republicans
the head of the FBI today is a
Republican to run by the Democrats it's
a really sad thing so now sessions had
to respond because he says you're not
even in control of your own department
so session says this god antagonizing
the Attorney General if you want them to
be on your side another brilliant
strategy by Donald Trump so
says I took control of the Department of
Justice the day I was sworn in which is
why we had an unprecedented success that
effectuating the President's agenda one
that protects the safety and security
and rights of the American people
reduces violent crime enforces our
immigration laws promotes economic
growth and advances religious liberty so
look I read that to you one because he
said look I took control well what do
you mean I we it's not under control
it's death it's under control we're
trying to enforce the laws the second
reason I read that first part to you is
sessions is massively right-wing he was
all the most right-wing senators I can't
stand that he's the Attorney General
sessions went joke around about how much
he liked the Klan you can say he was
joking but those are the kind of jokes
that sessions makes to paint sessions as
Pro Democrat beyond preposterous but the
second part of the statement is more
important here's what sessions said
while I am Attorney General the actions
of the Department of Justice will not be
improperly influenced by political
considerations I demand the highest
standards and where they are not met I
take action however no nation has more
talented more dedicated group of law
enforcement investigators and
prosecutors in the United States I'm
proud to serve with them and proud of
the work we have done and successfully
advancing the rule of law tick tick tick
tick tick tick tick tick
so this idiot of idiots Donald Trump is
going around antagonizing the Attorney
General which the Justice Department
reports into what do you think sessions
gonna do he's one he's gonna stay in in
the role he's gonna continue to recuse
himself because it would be preposterous
to do otherwise and he's certainly going
to say by all means continue the
investigation into the guy who non-stop
attacks me and probably gives Jeff
Sessions the worst insult of his life by
calling him aligned with Democrats
alright he's like me a Democrat do you
know what I think about the Klan okay so
he's like no no we got a brother but I
got some great prosecutors and we're
gonna do the rule of law we're gonna see
where it goes why
you antagonize that guy he's so stupid
alright I'm not done I'm not done okay
now how about the idea that I've been
saying that he gave sessions the job
because of loyalty well it's a style
truck by the way he was on the campaign
you know the only reason I gave him the
job because I felt lousy he was an
original supporter he was on the
campaign he knows there was no collusion
the only reason I gave him the job was
loyalty the only reason why would you
say that you're basically saying I mean
I expected loyalty from this guy but he
won't cover up for my rule breaking the
Attorney General is not supposed to be
quote unquote loyal to the president
especially if there's a criminal
investigation of him that's an
outrageous request it's a request that
criminal would do to cover up a story
but it's so outrageous because only the
world's dumbest criminal would admit it
on national television believe it or not
he's still not done talking if I was his
lawyer I would have tackled him in the
middle of the interview okay
watch even my enemies say that Jeff
Sessions should have told you that he
was going to recuse himself and then you
wouldn't have put him in he took the job
and then he said I'm going to recuse
myself I said what kind of a man is this
what kind of a man is this the Attorney
General works for the United States of
America and the citizens of that country
takes an oath of loyalty not to the
president not to the person but to the
United States Constitution their job is
to enforce the law and if they have a
conflict of interest which Jeff Sessions
clearly does they're supposed to recuse
themselves they are not supposed to take
charge of the investigation and end the
investigation because the president is
actually a criminal and did it that is
not their job the fact that he doesn't
understand that and admits it on
national television is one of the most
amazing things I've ever seen I know
that as a country we've gotten used to
what a liar he is what it criminally is
and how stupid he is but not enough not
enough it some people still think that
he's a smart businessman the guy who
went bankrupt
six times all he ever got was daddy's
money and he's been a serial bungler
ever since but when you bungle at this
level and you do it on national
television with incredibly serious
crimes you might have committed and you
talk about how people should protect you
and stop investigations legitimate
investigations of you well you might
have bungled your way into a really
really serious trouble look he's the
president they'll probably cut him a
deal to just get him the hell out of
there he should go to prison for all the
laws that he's broken I don't know if he
ever will because at some point
somebody's gonna make a deal with this
guy but the fact that he wanted to
obstruct justice and admits it on TV for
the whole world to see is the most
obvious thing in the world don't sue
can't see but that's obstruct justice
are people who are blinded and and think
no I don't care
he hates the same people I hate he can
do anything he likes
for every other rational person out
there I've never seen a more clear case
of a guy who is guilty and is dying to
cover it up and is so stupid he just
tells you that he's looking to cover it
up on television it's unreal every day
it gets crazier Young Turks we hope
you're enjoying this free clip from The
Young Turks if you want to get the whole
show and more exclusive content while
supporting independent media become a
member at TYT comm slash join today in
the meantime enjoy this free singer
back on the Young Turks I got some
comments for you guys JM Staley writes
in on Twitter I love the sound of
told-you-so
jank sounds like victory okay so we're
close we're close we're not quite there
yet
okay but I'm looking forward to it okay
oh man
the day that he leaves office oh you're
gonna yeah we're I'm gonna do the ladies
and gentlemen you got him etc but you're
gonna hear a lot of this go we'll be
back okay alright YouTube super chat one
a lanuza right since Giuliani said that
if Trump were to get impeached the
American people would revolt what's your
take on that jank I feel like his base
would but doubt anybody else would of
course nobody else is going to do first
of all two-thirds of the country is
going to be ecstatic
okay there's equally here I'll make a
prediction right now there will
literally be celebrations in the street
the day the Trump leaves office and my
guess is that he that's going to be soon
and certainly well before 2020 people
will literally pour into the streets of
celebration now will his own base be
pissed
Oh hugely pissed but Trump if he leaves
voluntarily will not leave unless the
Republicans stop backing him like that
he was so guilty that even the
Republicans were like look man we we
trade anything for more tax cuts and you
got two trillion dollars of tax cuts for
the rich we love that
but even so you're so incredibly guilty
you gotta go if the Republicans have
done that the base is going to be even
more pissed and yes some percentage of
them will not believe it and yes they'll
be in a fury but I and I don't know what
they will do but my guess is we're gonna
have rule of law in the country I mean
they could try anything they like they
can go in the woods and play their
little games but at some point we're
gonna have law and order back in the
country another any of Trump stays and
tries to fight this
boy that is a mess I said unreal mess
but at the end of that the only good
news that comes out of that is he will
lose and then he'll wind up in handcuffs
my guess is though that he will resign
we'll find out
okay let's go over here and do more news
okay
Ainsley Earhardt interviewed Donald
Trump out of Hawkes news it was a at
this point I would argue an instant
classic okay
he admitted all the things he shouldn't
admit that the Jeff Sessions was faked
because of loyalty he was upset that he
wasn't loyal to him and and recused
himself from the case basically it's an
admission of obstruction of justice he
admitted that he made the payments to
stormy Daniels and the list went on and
on Rudy Giuliani and every other lawyer
Donald Trump has should be immediately
disbarred for letting him go on
television and say those things on the
record but how about man afford so Cohen
flipped on him Trump said ah he does
like flippers he thinks baby flippers
should be illegal okay in other words no
one should ever cooperate with law
enforcement mana Ford did not cooperate
with law enforcement and Trump loves
that look there's a juror on the mana
Ford case who says she was a die-hard
Trump supporter came in and wanted to
make sure that mana fort was innocent
she listened to the case and she's like
nope he's totally guilty I really didn't
want him to be guilty but he was
definitely guilty okay so he cheated on
his taxes he committed fraud he's now
convicted on eight charges so any
rational person let alone the President
of the United States who took her oath
to the Constitution to enforce the law a
guy who brags about being law and order
would say well I mean this is a
convicted criminal and not a good guy
Trump for two days straight has been
talking about I'll chip mana for a brave
man and now he didn't flip okay he
didn't work with law enforcement he's
such a good guy hey I mean how is it not
clear to you this that Trump's a
criminal okay okay fine but if mana Ford
who was convicted on other counts not
having to do with Trump and I've said
that in every time right
if mana Ford doesn't have anything on
trumped and Trump does have to worry
about him flipping and because he ban
for did his crimes related to his
representation of pro-russian Ukrainian
president and that led all the way up to
2017 but that's his business not Trump's
business why would Trump even care now
as I told you on the show yesterday he
would care if mana Ford has
incriminating evidence about Donald
Trump's crimes in which case he would
want a reward Manta fort for not
flipping on him and give him a port and
I told you yesterday on the show well
you're gonna have your answer if he's
considering a pardon and of course it
turns out of course he's considering a
pardon here's the person who did the
interview with him this is what she said
recently listen the notice in his
comments yesterday mentioned mana for
but not Michael he mentioned pardoning
mana Ford and then you have Michael
Cohen's attorney pardoning he did he did
and said that he would consider that he
feels I think he feels so I think he
feels bad for mana Ford yeah he feels
bad for that's probably why so there it
is the Fox News anchor who a rudiment
Lee considering a pardon for mana fork
now that didn't play well so that was
last night
so she goes back on Fox this morning did
I say definitively well here's what I
meant instead and he also said he was
never going to he said he never said he
was going to pardon Paul Manafort
but it sounded like to me that he might
be considering it but he never said yes
and he never said no backpedal backpedal
backpedal backpedal I think she won the
gold right was it in China or Russia she
with which Olympics issue in the golden
backpedaling okay remember you work for
Fox News okay alright oh yeah yeah I
mean I'm did he say good I said it could
have not said it I don't know okay so
she was incredibly clear the first time
around so that led a lot of people
including prominent Republicans to go oh
for Christ's sake now Ari Fleischer was
a spokesperson for George W Bush when he
was the president not only obviously
right-wing Republican but he's been all
over TV defending Donald Trump for
months and months so solidly reliable
defender and supporter of Donald Trump
here's what he had to tweet
I don't care for Trump's style he can be
too offensive and divisive I like many
of his policies if he fires Muller slash
pardons man afford odd consider
impeachment and now he went on to say
but nothing so far merits impeachment
the remedy for those who can't stand him
is political beat him in twenty if you
can but people were like woah you ardent
Trump supporter just used the word
impeachment if he pardons man afford
which apparently he's considering so he
had to explain he explained further
tweets people are asking me why firing
slash pardoning might make me support
impeachment here's why Trump has a
constitutional right to do both but I
believe either one would be obstruction
of justice designed to protect himself
that's not the purpose of those
presidential powers and he went on to
add I also think firing a subordinate
officer like Comey is different Comey
had other duties and lost the trust of
POTUS molars only job is to investigate
Trump firing Muller would be an attempt
to interfere with the investigation now
I don't agree with him on Comey Donald
Trump clearly said on national
television I fired him because of the
Russian investigation clear obstruction
of justice but Ari Fleischer defended
him all through that but he's like if
your fire Muller it's not like Muller
has other responsibilities it's not like
well you know he's runs a car wash and
he's a dentist on that weekend so he
might have fired him for being a bad
dentist no his job is to investigate
Donald Trump if you fire him while he's
investigating you that is the most clear
obstruction of justice anyone has ever
seen now a man affort just got convicted
of all these crimes but he might have
information on you if you pardon him so
that he doesn't give that information
now that he's going to spend the rest of
his life in prison how would be clear
obstruction of justice even Lindsey
Graham couldn't defend Donald Trump on
this one watch
if I spent my time talking about what
people speculate Trump badou I would
have no other thing to talk about I
don't think a pardon under these
circumstances would go over well I think
a lot of people probably feel bad but
that's different than using the power of
the presidency again a pardon in this
circumstance would be perceived by many
Americans is uh you know interfering
with an investigation
damn he's losing his most ardent
supporters Lindsey Graham loved those
tax cuts that Trump got for the rich
Lindsey Graham is working with the
president tried to push for war in Iran
he's got a lot of incentive to keep
working with Donald Trump and he's like
but if you pardon metaphor what do you
want me to do it's so clearly
interfering with an investigation tick
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick he's
alienated even people within his own
government like Jeff Sessions the entire
FBI the entire Justice Department which
was incredibly foolish on his part he's
alienated so many Republicans who would
have to vote on impeachment proceedings
and then eventually conviction in the
Senate
he's obviously alienated everyone else
in the country he has almost no allies
left Michael Flynn who was his national
security advisor has flipped on him
Papadopoulos who worked on his campaign
has flipped on him Michael Coe and his
personal lawyer and fixture has flipped
on him and the list goes on and on gates
flipped on him and all those indictments
have rained down on people who worked on
his campaign and administration tick
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick he's
running out of time okay
but I haven't gotten to the most damning
story let's do that one now the owner of
the
well is he the owner hold on let me get
you the exact he's the chairman let me
be more accurate okay
the chief executive of the company that
owns the National Enquirer is a guy
named David pecker he's the CEO of
American media incorporated now why is
he relevant in politics these days he's
a very good friend of Donald Trump he's
been friends with him since the 1990s
well okay that's no crime no problem at
all but the problem is that David pecker
has bought a number of stories and
prevented them from ever airing the
reason he bought them was to spite them
it's called catch and kill and who did
he do that to benefit he did it to
benefit Donald Trump now everybody had a
very clear sense that that's why he was
doing it and in the case of Karen
McDougal one of the Playboy models the
Donald Trump slept with while married to
another woman pecker came in and bought
that story the rights that started four
hundred and fifty thousand dollars and
then never ran in the National Inquirer
now what kind of a guy running a media
organization spends that kind of money
and doesn't run the story
it was super obvious all along that he
was working in collaboration with Donald
Trump and during the campaign and during
the campaign by the way unrelated to
this National Enquirer ran outrageous
stories about Donald Trump's main
Republican opponent Ted Cruz anybody who
watches The Young Turks knows I can't
stand Ted Cruz I got no love for him but
when the National Enquirer said hinted
that Cruz's dad might have killed JFK
that was preposterous when they said
that Ted Cruz had five mistresses have
you seen Ted Cruz okay maybe the most
outrageous lie the National Enquirer has
ever printed but he gets a story about
Donald Trump leading in the Republican
race man that would be a mega story he's
got a mistress - mistress tells the
story to the National Enquirer and they
spike and they never run it so it was
already obvious but now it's over David
Packard the
chief executive of the company that
publishes the National Inquirer was
granted immunity by federal prosecutors
for providing information about Michael
Cohen and president Trump in the
criminal investigation into hush money
payments for two women during the 2016
presidential campaign according to
people familiar with the matter tick
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
Cohen flipped and even his own pecker
flipped and now his relationship with
his pecker apparently has been severed
so he's in a world of trouble a world of
trouble one more detail here from The
Wall Street Journal in exchange for
immunity pecker the CEO of American
media incorporated and a longtime friend
of Trump has met with prosecutors and
shared details about payments Cohen
arranged in an effort to silence two
women who alleged sexual encounters with
Trump including Trump's knowledge of the
deals some of the people said no no no
no no I know that Donald Trump keeps
going around job' campaign finance
violations I don't even know if they are
violations it's kind of in the title he
says you know Michael Cohen pled guilty
to these charges but I don't even know
if they're crimes he pled guilty they
accepted his plea he's going to prison
I'm pretty sure their crimes
but when Cohen and David pecker say yes
we did pay hush money yes Donald Trump
ordered us to and yes
it was to help the campaign that is
definitely 100% a campaign finance
violation and a felony no no no soon
Donald Trump might hear this in prison
so neat about the Wow he is in a world
of trouble I predicted that a long long
time ago that he would leave office
before the midterms and there's very
little time before the
terms and people keep asking me are you
gonna change her for danger haha nope
he's circling the drain
almost God how much more evidence do you
need
prosecutors they've got him on so many
different things but if he's lost this
pecker he's in a world of hurt okay
I gotta take a quick break here believe
it or not when I come back because I am
the fairest man in America over here I
will defend a trump supporter what and
he's a terrible guy so I'll explain when
we return
