Donald Trump in an amazing interview
with Fox News kept spilling the beans on
himself
okay admitting things he should not
admit now in an earlier interview with
NBC got himself in a lot of trouble a
while back now when he told Lester Holt
that he fired James Comey because he was
doing the Russia investigation why would
you admit that look there's a reason why
I call him stupid
it's frustrating that people don't
acknowledge the most obvious things in
the world the guy's a pathological liar
and he's incredibly stupid and they're
like no but no but maybe he's doing a
strategy and the strategy is pretending
to be stupid and doing stupid things
over and over again and then later maybe
leads to somewhere no it doesn't lead
anywhere he's a moron so he did it again
he's talking about Jeff Sessions Jeff
Sessions the Attorney General for the
United States of America he's not Donald
Trump's personal lawyer he's supposed to
represent justice the Justice Department
reports into Jeff Sessions recused
himself from the Russia investigation
because he was involved in it he lied to
Congress during his confirmation
hearings about having meetings with the
Russians he said he didn't when he did
the bare minimum he could do is recuse
himself from that case but Donald Trump
it drives him crazy now if you were a
smart crooked person you would say oh no
I have other issues with Jeff know the
fact that that he didn't protect me
personally well if the Attorney General
is not supposed to do that no I was
worried that he missed the comma there
and he didn't apply my policy correctly
there you're supposed to be
sophisticated you're supposed to know
how to actually get to the same result
while not accidentally admitting that
you're in the middle of a cover-up but
he can't do it he can't do it so here he
is attacking sessions and the Justice
Department over and over again let's
start with this first clip you fire him
when you fire sighs well Jay what
as I've said I wanted to stay uninvolved
but when everybody sees what's going on
in the Justice Department was put
justice now with quotes it's a very very
sad day Jeff Sessions recused himself
which he shouldn't have done or he
should have told me okay
for the hundredth time he shouldn't have
recused himself why so if the the
investigation is impartial why would you
care about sessions recusing himself you
would only care if you didn't want it to
be impartial but it doesn't matter he's
gonna admit that it's all about loyalty
anyway he's unbelievable you're not
supposed to say that he's so stupid
alright so and I call it the just it's
your Justice Department you're the
president it's the Justice Department
that reports into you
you hired sessions and rod Rosa Stein
and the head of the FBI and then when
they actually do their jobs they're like
thank you for hiring me but it looks
like you might be guilty or I look we're
gonna need to do an investigation look
day what they all got hired by him they
probably want to clear him but they got
to do their job they got to do the
investigation he's like oh you doing
your job but if you up - I thought you
weren't gonna do your job but do you
wouldn't be loyal to me all right so
here he is again attacking the Dems are
very strong in the Justice Department
I put an attorney general that never
took control of the Justice Department
Jeff Sessions never took control of the
Justice Department and it's a sort of an
incredible thing yeah it is an
incredible thing that you're claiming
the Democrats are on the Justice
Department when they're all Republicans
they're all pointed by you they're
really right-wing Republican sentences
Rosa sighs the Republican mother's a
Republican okay they're all Republicans
the head of the FBI today is a
Republican - run by the Democrats it's a
really sad thing so now sessions had to
respond because he says you're not even
in control of your own department so
session says this god antagonizing the
Attorney General if you want him to be
on your side another brilliant strategy
by Donald Trump so session says I took
control of the Department of Justice the
day I was sworn in which is why we had
an unprecedented success that
effectuating the president's agenda one
that protects the safety and security
and rights of the American people
reduces violent crime and forces our
immigration laws promotes economic
growth and advances religious liberty so
look I read that to you one because he
said look I took control well what do
you mean it's not under control it's
death it's under control we're trying to
enforce the laws the second reason I
read that first part to you is sessions
is massively right-wing he was all the
most right-wing senators I can't stand
that he's the Attorney General Sessions
went joke around about how much he liked
the Klan you can say he was joking but
those are the kind of jokes that
sessions makes to paint sessions as Pro
Democrat
beyond preposterous but the second part
of the statement is more important
here's what sessions said while I am
Attorney General the actions of the
Department of Justice will not be
improperly influenced by political
considerations I demand the highest
standards and where they are not met I
take action however no nation has more
talented more dedicated group of law
enforcement investigators and
prosecutors in the United States I am
proud to serve with them and proud of
the work we have done and successfully
advancing the rule of law tick tick tick
tick tick tick tick tick
so this idiot of idiots Donald Trump is
going around antagonizing the Attorney
General
the Justice Department reports into what
do you think sessions gonna do he's one
he's gonna stay in in the role he's
gonna continue to recuse himself because
it would be preposterous to do otherwise
and he's certainly going to say by all
means continue the investigation into
the guy who non-stop attacks me and
probably gives Jeff Sessions the worst
insult of his life by calling him
aligned with Democrats alright he's like
me a Democrat do you know what I think
about the Klan okay so he's like no no
we got a brother but I got some great
prosecutors and we're gonna do the rule
of law and we're gonna see where it goes
why would you antagonize that guy he's
so stupid alright I'm not done I'm not
done okay now how about the idea that
I've been saying that he gave sessions
the job because of loyalty well let's
ask Donald Trump by the way he was on
the campaign you know the only reason I
gave him the job because I felt lousy he
was an original supporter he was on the
campaign he knows there was no collusion
the job was loyalty the only reason why
would you say that you're basically
saying I mean I expected loyalty from
this guy but he won't cover up for my
rule breaking the Attorney General is
not supposed to be quote unquote loyal
to the president especially if there's a
criminal investigation of him that's an
outrageous request it's a request that
criminal would do to cover up a story
but it's so outrageous because only the
world's dumbest criminal would admit it
on national television believe it or not
he's still not done talking if I was his
lawyer I would have tackled him in the
middle of the interview okay watch even
my enemies say that Jeff Sessions
should have told you that he was going
to recuse himself and then you wouldn't
have put him in he took the job and then
he said I'm going to recuse myself I
said what kind of a man is
Oh what kind of a man is this the
Attorney General works for the United
States of America and the citizens of
that country takes an oath of loyalty
not to the president not to the person
but to the United States Constitution
their job is to enforce the law and if
they have a conflict of interest which
Jeff Sessions clearly does they're
supposed to recuse themselves they are
not supposed to take charge of the
investigation and end the investigation
because the president is actually a
criminal and did it that is not their
job the fact that he doesn't understand
that and admits it on national
television is one of the most amazing
things I've ever seen I know that as a
country we've gotten used to what a liar
he is what a criminally is and how
stupid he is but not enough not enough
it
some people still think that he's a
smart businessman the guy who went
bankrupt
six times all he ever got was daddy's
money and he's been a serial bungler
ever since but when you bungle at this
level and you do it on national
television with incredibly serious
crimes you might have committed and you
talk about how people should protect you
and stop investigations legitimate
investigations of you well you might
have bungled your way into a really
really serious trouble look he's the
president they'll probably cut him a
deal to just get him the hell out of
there
he should go to prison for all the laws
that he's broken I don't know if he ever
will because at some point somebody's
gonna make a deal with this guy but the
fact that he wanted to obstruct justice
and admits it on TV for the whole world
to see is the most obvious thing in the
world
too easy wasteful Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
