liberals you want to talk about child
separation oh boy how about this 20 year
old college student Molly Tibbets has
been violently and permanently separated
from her parents at the hands of an
illegal immigrant what happened to Molly
is an awful tragedy and I hope justice
is served but there is no justification
for the horrifically dehumanizing
conditions the Trump administration put
all immigrants through way before what
happened to Molly happened yeah I have
some final thoughts Tommy who was
notoriously silent in the aftermath of
the NIA Wilson death got really excited
to cover the death of this white girl
who died in the hands of a brown illegal
immigrant you were in such a hurry Tommy
to cover this ongoing story right after
it was revealed that the suspect was
undocumented that you didn't even take
that ugly-ass Fedora off to go off Queen
that's right
yet another young person has been
murdered by an illegal immigrant like
this is it this is what gets to loppy
out of bed every morning do not allow
this tragedy to be exploited to indict
all immigrants follow the example of
Molly's family members who have already
started bravely retaliating against
these dead-eyed sociopathic freaks like
Candace Owens who got her comeuppance
earlier yesterday this time a 24 year
old the illegal immigrant from Mexico
who's been living in the area illegally
for four to seven years maybe one name
to close his dreamers huh first of all
the guy worked for a Republican secondly
he's not a dreamer the requirements for
daca are incredibly rigid you had to
come to this country as a miner along
with a clean track record why would you
throw 800,000 fellow US citizens under
the bus for a crime committed by an
unrelated person well probably because
this isn't about arriving at the truth
or justice for you it's certainly not
about the facts it's just about tapping
into the primal fears of your fan base
so they'll go out and vote Republican
you're not outraged you're not paying
attention maybe you're one of the
liberal types who spend the next two
weeks defending this Heat legal
immigrant murderer which liberal types
are defending murder name one I'll wait
it's already begun these liberals were
going out of their way to distract or
completely ignore the fact the killer
isn't yet legal why does it matter
whether he was illegal or not he's a
murderer why do you try to actively
blame an entire group of people who had
nothing to do with this crime at all I
didn't hear any of you Fox News types
screeching about sending all white
people to jail when that white
supremacist psychopath executed Nia
Wilson a young black girl in Oakland
last month I didn't see wall-to-wall
coverage of that and I certainly didn't
blame
all white people they're already pulling
out all the examples of white American
men who have committed horrific crimes
well hold up the dilemma Gration isn't a
rate that's an activity so trying to
point out all the white people who have
murdered doesn't make your case nobody
tell Tommy that natural-born americans
commit crimes and especially murders it
way higher rates than legal and illegal
immigrants since she's only exploiting
this tragic death for racial agitation
all the hysteria surrounding criminal
activity and immigrants is simply put
Republican propaganda and furthermore
yeah murder that's true that's what we
don't need to deal with it from people
who have no legal right to be here in
the first place
well Tommy your ancestors were illegal
immigrants and since illegal immigration
isn't a race but an activity they have
no right to be here in the first place
either as a matter of fact America was
built by people who had no right to be
here this is such a stupid conversation
illegal immigration weak borders and
weak for enforcement Hill Americans
period he's like saying fireworks kill
Americans falling out of bed kills
Americans everything kills Americans
this immigration argument is simply a
matter of what you choose to spend your
time on and what political purpose is
guiding your rhetoric and for you it's
the negative and deeply damaging
portrayal of immigrants especially brown
ones since the 80s immigration has
increased a hundred and nine percent
while all kinds of crime have dropped
there's a hundred plus years of
empirical evidence from over thousands
of studies proving conclusively that
immigrants both documented and
undocumented commit crimes at way lower
rates so what Tommy is spewing here is
just xenophobia it's good old-fashioned
American racism it's not exactly new
either it's the same exact kind of
thinking that indicted all black people
for the crimes of a few I'm a psalm
piker and if this angers you please
share this video with your friends and
also please don't forget to leave your
thoughts in the comment section below
and if you want to continue this
conversation I'm live every day on my
twitch at twitch.tv slash hasta nabi
from 7:00 p.m. to 11:00 p.m. pacific and
this has been the breakdown do you want
to make your commute or your daily
chores more enjoyable well I have some
great news for you my friend if you
heard about the new TYT podcast network
you can find us wherever you get your
podcast by searching for TYT Network on
iTunes Google podcasts or even stitcher
or you can head on over to tea
y-t-dot-com
slash audio
