that was humiliating for at least our
perspective was that it was humiliating
but that type of misinformation that
type of lying to protect Trump it works
with his base and that was abundantly
clear at this rally in West Virginia now
with that said
luckily Eric Baylor was there he did
talk to some Trump supporters the topic
wasn't specifically on Michael Cohen or
Paul Manafort but it did give you a
little bit of a sense of what these
Trump supporters are thinking their
mindset and just how how much they lack
trust toward the people that maybe they
should listen to or at least you know
consider their perspectives with that
said though let's hear what they had to
say about censorship and their favorite
newscaster one of my favorite
newscasters has just recently been
banned from you know YouTube and
Facebook platforms why do you think Alex
Jones was banned a lot of people don't
like his message I enjoy his message I'm
not one of those people that believes
everything he says however he puts an
interesting spin on turning the frogs
gay for example it really makes you it
really makes you look at the white
papers I don't know a single thing that
he says except for the Newtown massacre
not having happened but what is the
frogs being gay chemicals in the water
basically you've got male frogs you know
no longer inclined to breed with females
so it's just like rhetoric or talk I
mean there's fun this stuff is done in
labs there are scientific facts there's
things that people do that are covered
or that they just mock at or laugh at so
I want to be clear here okay Eric Pyle
is part of rebel headquarters he and
part of the Young Turks goes down there
and interview some Emma big windows are
from time to time
and I think that unfortunately Trump has
a great way of brainwashing a lot of his
supporters so they believe in such
things as truth isn't truth and crime
isn't crime etc right but as I watched
that whole interview and we'll have the
link down below for you guys for
watching later on YouTube or Facebook or
just
go to youtube.com slash rebel HQ I kind
of I kind of like that couple I know
that's a funny thing to say and and I
felt bad that they were being misled I
actually thought that there were
somewhat open-minded and so in Mass
Trump fans appear to be caricatures
almost especially how they act on social
media but that's why I like actually
going in and meeting them and so in
meeting them I actually felt I don't
even think sympathy is the right word I
think that they are in their own mind in
trying to keep an open mind okay but
that's the problem with a guy like Alex
Jones because he got them to believe
that the gay frogs were based on studies
and facts and by the way the I don't
care about the gay frog conspiracy
theories because that doesn't put
anyone's life in danger
yeah it's right like totally benign he
spreads the conspiracy theory his fans
enjoy the conspiracy theory they're
entertained by it we're entertained by
it we make fun of him I know but like
you know what I'm sorry let me give a
caveat right so it's fun if it's just
about gay frogs and and and chemicals in
the water and you should by the way you
should be careful about things that are
in the water that actually goes in the
water right not chemicals that are
turning frogs game that's right and the
real problems are in Flint Michigan
where you actually have led in the water
etc right but if he then uses that to
say like oh that's why human beings are
turning gay and and so it's not you know
and and then somehow just weaves that
into basically discrimination against
gay Americans then it's not fun and and
it's disastrous but I honestly I don't
know what else he does with a stupid gay
frog theory ok but my sense of this and
you can say that I'm being too generous
here is that these are not bad guys they
just they watch the wrong show they got
led into believing that those were facts
when they're not facts and that's part
of the problem with that guy like Jones
yeah yeah playing the role of overly
generous host
today is janky ogre sometimes we switch
that role sometimes I'll play that role
mm-hmm set our mood yeah it really does
so I'm just gonna be quiet and move on
to the next video in the next video they
talk about how offensive it is to be
referred to as a certain type of person
by non Trump supporters did you get
shouted at as you entered the building
oh yeah protesters actually right out
here shouted some facts and they did
they didn't have much else to say the
rankest and white supremacists and all
this they just scream at you when you
try to talk to him they don't want
anything to do with you nice to have
some intellectual debate but there was
none of that we smell him we wave and we
go so he went on to talking about how do
you know it's all a lot of the probably
you hear from your place facts don't
care about your feelings yeah whenever
he got that one from right and but when
he said it's not racist they're just
facts I was like oh boy I wonder what he
thinks those facts are right and that's
what's so problematic about the
propaganda spread by the right wing
which is people get confused into
thinking well I heard it online it must
be true for God's sake double check and
double check what we say go to the
original sources go to the data please
whatever you do do your homework to
actually bother to look into it when
someone says that frog is gay or that
that it's a fact that there's racial
differences and I don't know for a fact
that he was referring to that I'm afraid
as you watch the whole video that he
might have been but but that's why
people shout at you and maybe shouting
at you is not the right way to do it
but when you when right-wingers let's
put it this way that our leaders go
around saying hey black people are X Y
or Z Avenue we want to get into all the
terrible things they say and they say
well it's a fact it's a fact right
that's really dangerous because it's not
facts and it is perverted propaganda
which then gets people to go well I mean
look I I feel bad about it but I guess
it's the fact that blacks are more
violent
so the
and why I'm not being as generous as you
is actually not because of my mood it's
because it's at this point look if you
voted for Trump in the last election and
you have seen what he's done and you
have changed your mind
like I I commend you for being
open-minded enough to consider the
damage that he's done but if at this
point you are willing to attend a rally
for him in West Virginia that means you
are a real supporter and you have seen
what he's done and you are in favor of
it you support I mean you have to
support it if you're gonna show up to a
rally it's one thing to vote for a guy
it's another thing to actually show up
to rally like he separated toddlers from
their mothers at the border people who
are seeking asylum yeah and so it's hard
for me to look at you and say oh no I
think you're a good person
you just bought into propaganda
regardless of how much propaganda you've
bought into I think any decent human
being would look at that zero-tolerance
policy and find it so unconscionable
that they would not want to support a
candidate who would push for something
like that that's the reason why I'm not
as generous as you in looking at them as
good people but with that said other
portions of this interview did make them
seem like they're open-minded so for
instance they were asked about this hall
whole robert muller case and they were
asked hey do you think it's okay for
Trump to fire Muller and they
specifically said no we don't think
that's okay we don't believe that the
president should be above the law and I
give them credit for that so let's watch
that clip - do you think that the
president should use all powers within
his reach to try to prevent himself and
his associates from being investigated
for wrongdoing no I've said at many at
times if he goes down or if he did
something he should be punished if he
did something wrong or he gets caught
then that's for him to go down but let's
not forget Bill Clinton lied to the
American people about an affair he was
having while in office and he didn't
even get taken out of office yeah that's
because he didn't violate campaign
finance laws it's a different thing but
look Eric is seeing this in in the Trump
rallies that's what we're actually
bothering to go down instead of just
talking about people in terms of
stereotypes sometimes it's
they make it awfully easy to do that
right but in in Eric's experience and I
watched all the videos and you should
watch them all - on rebel headquarters
about half the people he talks to goes
no no he shouldn't fire Muller we should
find out what happened and if he did
something wrong that's really bad do
they really mean it it seems like they
mean it
so Trump might be in for a rude surprise
if it turns out he fires Muller and then
maybe even half of his base that go
bothers to go to his rallies goes mmm
you shouldn't have done that
that means you're guilty so we'll see
we'll see but in our experience talking
to Trump supporters that does seem like
the one issue where they're like no no
he shouldn't do that like this video
that's great and you never have to miss
another episode of TYT by hitting the
subscribe button below and ring the bell
to get notified whenever we publish a
new video
