buddy how you doing that's my line I
know right yeah you can't steal it no
well that's that that line is so
different and ingenious I wouldn't want
to steal it it's not the words it's the
way you present the words I see okay yes
well that's your special magic okay
apparently it's JQ guru Nanak's Experian
and we got the Young Turks for you guys
today look yesterday was one bombshell
after another after another and we have
aftershocks today and they were
important very very important especially
when it comes to Michael Cohen but I'm
just feel a little shell-shocked from
all the news from yesterday which was
all positive meaning that it was
terrible for Donald Trump okay so I'm
gonna get right to a Casper I'm gonna
ask you to get right to it
all right so very obviously we are going
to talk about Michael Cohen the response
to Michael Cohen Trump freaking out
about it what Trump's base thinks about
it but before we get to all of that all
the nitty-gritty I do want to talk about
what's flying under the radar for a lot
of news organizations but something
that's very much front and center here
at TYT what Republicans want to do to
entitlement spending so while the rest
of the country is distracted just
understand this is what's really going
on this is what the GOP wants to do
right following the massive corporate
tax cuts for the wealthy the Republican
Party has realized that hey you know we
need to do something to increase revenue
or at least cut spending to make up for
these giant tax cuts it is going to add
one point nine trillion dollars to our
federal deficit over the next ten years
that is what the Trump tax cuts will do
and so now all of a sudden you see
representatives like Steve strivers
speaking very openly to CNBC
about what the big plan is moving
forward take a look no misgivings about
a tax cut that was not paid for that's
allowing debt deficit to rise like it is
now I do think we need to deal with our
some more spin
I think we've got to try to figure out
how to spend less entitlements Social
Security Medicare we have ten million
people on Social Security disability now
more than actually 11 million more than
any time in history and some of those
people can't work at all but many of
those people can't work in the job they
used to be in right and if we gave them
some training let them keep making a
portion of their Social Security
disability but put them back to work it
would be a net win right Social Security
Medicare the only way we're gonna be
able to fix those security medicare is
for the two parties to come together the
way that you know Ronald Reagan did with
Tip O'Neill and figure out how to fix
them together okay we told you they'd
come for your Social Security and
Medicare and they are but they're doing
it over such a friendly setting of a
pizza shop that that it's got to be okay
they're regular people who are looking
to rob you of all the money that you
paid into Social Security and Medicare
but they had to find the one point nine
trillion dollars for the rich so now
that that all that money is gone and
it's already in their donors pockets all
of a sudden well I mean look that's
Social Security and Medicare because you
got rich off of Social Security right or
your parents sitter your grandparents
said no nobody gets rich off of it you
pay into it you get it back and it
actually works and everybody really
likes it so they're out to destroy it
this is this is robbery right this is
what the Republican Party is doing this
is what the Democratic Party as it
stands right now will allow to happen
because they're not fighters okay
they're incredibly weak when it comes to
situations like this I want to emphasize
we paid into those programs you look at
your paycheck you take a look at what
was taken out by the federal government
there's SSI Social Security and there's
Medicare that money gets taken out of
your check because you pay for it so
this is robbery they want to cut
spending on those programs just so they
can keep allowing the wealthy to hoard
their wealth it's pathetic and
disgusting
they're not representing the American
people yeah so the reason I was trying
to jump in is because I often call them
weak but I and we've had this discussion
on air before but it's not exactly right
they're playing a role the Democrats our
Democratic establishment guys it's not
the progressives right and their role is
to get rolled they're supposed to go all
gynecology you know what bipartisanship
is good though and and everybody has a
different part in this play and so the
part of the mainstream media is to
applaud the bipartisanship so later when
they say well I mean what can we do
there's all these giant deficits well
how about when you created the deficit
right but the mainstream media will come
in and applaud them and go all right Tip
O'Neill and Ronald Reagan from a million
years ago and remember when Fred phones
Flintstone work with Barney Rubble those
were the good old days and know right
now when they work together they almost
always not almost always work for the
benefit of their donors and not for us
they get paid by the same people so they
will come to rob you and look if the
establishment emma-crats stand up and
fight against it great I'd be super
happy and I'll give them all the credit
in the world but let's keep it real what
did Barack Obama promised to do he
preemptively offered to the Republicans
to cut Social Security he would have
done it if the Republicans weren't so
stupidly greedy and then the Koch
brothers are like no we want more more
and more and they got there they're
massively right-wing people in the house
to tell Boehner no not good enough tell
him to cut Social Security more and then
at the end of the day they couldn't they
couldn't do what they wanted to do all
along which is the grand bargain well
I'm always talking about how he wanted
the grand bargain as part of his legacy
the grand bargain was to cut Social
Security this is not a dispute he
offered it publicly so but now I mean
look so the Democrats are the patsies
they're the guys who are supposed to
roll over in this play but the guy's
directing the play yes or the donors
that give to both parties but they give
more to the Republicans than the
Republicans are the ones who drive it so
first of all vote for uncorrupted people
but secondly never make the mistake of
thing the Republicans are on your side
never ever make that mistake unless
you're incredibly wealthy then they will
rob the average American on your behalf
so let's talk about the priorities on
you know a Republicans agenda okay
priorities include increasing the
for defense spending so Lockheed Martin
and Northrop Grumman can continue making
more money off of perpetual war abroad
okay Trump just signed the NDAA for 717
billion dollars he increased spending on
that okay defense spending increase at
the same time you'll hear Republicans
argue no no the tax cuts are fantastic
it's great for the middle and working
class because they're gonna create jobs
and they're going to pay higher wages
but why don't we get into specific
numbers right now and see what's
happened under these Trump tax cuts so
far first off first quarter of 2018
first quarter where these tax cuts
actually went into effect the big banks
saved how much money in taxes I believe
it was 3.4 billion dollars that's how
much they saved in taxes so did they
increase wages for employees at banks
did they create jobs no they didn't in
fact wages have not kept up with
inflation so if you take inflation into
account our wages have not gone up at
all in fact they've gone down slightly
look what did they do with the money
let's take a look at corporate stock
buybacks so stock repurchases hit one
hundred ninety billion dollars in the
first quarter of 2018 for the SMP 500
these are the best companies that the
biggest companies in the country right
the last time that record was set was
just before the Great Recession when
companies bought up almost 172 billion
dollars in their own stocks or stock
buybacks that's what they're doing with
their money they're artificially
inflating the cost or the value of those
shares and then they immediately cash
out so for all the people who are
watching this who come at me with a
ridiculous argument about how this
benefits everyone's retirement accounts
in their 401ks no no these corporate
executives cash out as soon as they
count they can because they want to reap
the benefits so they're screwing with
your future with these massive tax cuts
that they've received stock buybacks
were 190 billion dollars and I said but
that was in one quarter shabes at times
that by four to give you a sense of how
much it's going to be around eight
hundred billion dollars for the year did
you guys get eight hundred billion
dollars you remember when you open up
your paycheck you were like whoa look
money a couple of billion dollars it
makes me bad no Paul Ryan bragged about
how you might have gotten dollar 50 in
your paycheck a dollar 50 versus eight
hundred billion okay now I want you to
understand it's not just one guy
Stivers over there let me go do graphics
one and two here Senator Pat Toomey
Republican of Pennsylvania
we've got entitlement spending that is
not sustainable hmm
but one point nine trillion owes for the
rich was sustainable apparently
according to senator Toomey these big
spending programs that are growing
faster than the economy you can't tax
your way out of that problem you've got
to make some curbs please what do you
mean you can't wait wait wait you text
you tax cutted our way into the problem
like hey man I can't add taxes on top to
get out of the problem but you created
the problem you created it to a trillion
dollar problem
okay so anyone in the media including
John Harwood there that doesn't point
that out helps the Republicans
perpetuate this lie every single time
they must ask them what about the one
point nine trillion dollars hold that
you guys put in the national debt
through these tax cuts whether you think
they're for the rich or not and by the
way they're for the rich and we gave you
the overall number you know how much the
average person in the top 1% got in tax
cuts sixty one thousand dollars a year
every year okay did you get sixty one
thousand dollars a year from these tax
cuts no you didn't because you're not
among the rich and one more Senator John
Thune of South Dakota of course
Republican if we're gonna do something
about spending in debt we have to get
faster growth in the economy which I
hope tax reform will achieve has it no
all we did was the stock buybacks
inflated the stock market artificially
did you go to your wages not at all they
have declined liars okay but we have
also got to take on making our
entitlement programs more sustainable I
think their support generally here for
entitlement reform so of course all the
Republicans love so-called entitlement
reform where they reform the money out
of your pocket and into their donors
pockets and unfortunately a lot of the
Democrats also agree and that is why the
system is rigged
and by the way if you think that it's
going to help your pensions and your
401k Susannah was pointing out take
tick-tick-tick until that bubble burst
I'm telling you right now the stock
market is going to crash it is gonna
crash and another thing I wanted to just
quickly mention about these stock
buybacks they were illegal they were
banned up until the Reagan
administration
so the Reagan administration decides
will allow these corporate buybacks to
occur and so this has been an ongoing
issue this isn't a partisan issue this
is it me pointing to Republicans and
saying it's the Republicans fault
although they've definitely had a huge
role in making this happen I mean this
happened under the Obama administration
as well right ministry absolutely so
from 2004 to 2014 there was a study done
by the Roosevelt Institute and they
found out keep in mind this is while
restaurant workers are on the streets
demanding a living wage and the
restaurant industry is saying no we just
we can't afford it we just can't afford
it at that time okay according to this
study by the Roosevelt Institute the
restaurant industry spent a hundred
forty percent of its profits on buybacks
this is just between 2015 to 2017 and
why do I say 140 percent because it also
takes into account that some of these
companies will literally take out debt
to buy shares of their own stock to
artificially inflate those shares okay
and Bill Clinton is the one who'd be
regulated the banks in the first place
he did it with Phil Gramm who was a
Republican yet another bipartisan
compromise that the mainstream media
applauded while it absolutely devastated
our economy caused the crash in 2008 and
it will cause a crash today so one more
time let me be absolutely clear this
stock market will crash you cannot keep
doing stock buybacks and artificially
inflate the price of your companies when
there is actually no reason why those
companies have actually done better in
the real world
they don't have more profit they don't
have more revenue it is an artificial
inflation that is called a bubble
bubbles always burst this market will
crash it's an absolute guarantee but
nonetheless we go on as
everything is fine and once they do once
the market crashes they'll come back and
say oh my but I gotta get paid my bonus
what kind of a person will let me get my
bonus I have to get more multi-million
dollar payouts while you lose all of
your 401k well that's one terrible thing
that's coming up but we have more news
on what's gonna happen to the CFPB so
let's get to that the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau has been controlled by
Mick Mulvaney as of late and Mulvaney
has done anything and everything
possible to essentially tear the CFPB
apart this is the one Bureau that's
supposed to look out for you as the
consumer
he has dismantled it now in the future
it's this organization is gonna need a
new leader because Mulvaney was just
supposed to be an interim head of the
CFPB so news has broke it has broke
recent news indicates that the Senate
Banking Committee is likely to vote in
favor of a woman named Kathy cran enger'
to be the new head of the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau does she
have any experience as the head of any
government agency no does she have any
experience in the financial sector in
any way no what experience does she have
well she has worked as an aide to
Republican politicians oh okay good and
you know voting politicians they just
can't wait to protect consumers yeah
I mean a favor for the bank's they would
never do that they're always looking out
for you guys saying how can we regulate
the banks to make sure there's enough
cops on Wall Street to protect average
American so she's probably studied in
the art of how to screw over consumers
to help Wall Street because that's all
they're the Republicans ever do in
Congress so very little is known about
her because she doesn't really have much
experience but what we do know is who
she considers her mentor her mentor is
Mick Mulvaney she says that she's hoping
to do as great of a job as Mulvaney has
done
with the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau and literally the only thing that
he's done is dismantle it so I'll give
you specific examples among his top
donors are payday lenders and so during
the Obama administration there was some
regulation to rein in the behavior of
these payday lenders who prey on people
in incredibly vulnerable situations and
these payday lenders would also tack on
extremely high interest rates sometimes
as high as 300% there were cases where
there were interest rates tacked on at
750 percent okay so they would prey on
people in terrible situations who are
vulnerable and then they would be caught
in this inescapable cycle of debt and so
there was a lawsuit filed by the federal
government against some of these payday
lenders well Mick Mulvaney all of a
sudden gets into the CFPB he's in charge
and you know what he did drop the
lawsuits so these payday lenders can
continue doing what they were doing they
can now get away with it because there's
no regulatory body that's enforcing you
know the regulations that were put in
place in the first place and now we're
gonna have Kathy chroniger come in if
she gets approved by the Senate and
she's just gonna continue doing with
what Mick Mulvaney has done you know
during his time at the CFPB so I know
there's some good conservatives in the
country I was recently at a wolf pack of
n met John putner there he helped take
down Eric Cantor in a Republican primary
Dave brat ran against them and they ran
a campaign against the big bankers
ripping off American people
that's a great campaign I appreciate
that they're absolutely right about that
now are there Republican politicians in
office now who who stayed against the
bankers in a similar way to protect the
average American now the answer is
absolutely not no they're good
conservatives and Republicans across the
country at the state level the local
level voters sure okay but in terms of
national Republican politicians almost
to a man I may be Walter Jones deeply
deeply conservative
agree with him on anything but he's
actually honest but 99.9% of them
they're corrupt they work for their
donors they are the swamp and they rip
you off on a regular basis to help these
donors so the payday lenders I mean who
is in charge of consumer financial
protection bureau protecting consumers
and says yeah I bet the payday lenders
charging them seven hundred and fifty
percent Interest have their best
interests in mind well they do have best
interest in mind that's true but not
yours so Mick Mulvaney 'z corruption is
brazen to be fair the payday lenders
they bribe the right guy they found a
guy that they thought this guy will do
anything we tell them and and in
Republican circles at the national level
if you raise your hand and say I will do
anything a corporate donor tells me
anything
you will get promoted and promoted and
promoted so Mulvaney got promoted twice
within trump administration and so now
cran enger' comes in and goes
I'll also be corrupt I'll be just as
corrupt as Mulvaney please please give
me an awesome job give me a lot of power
and later by the way I'll work for those
same financial companies and they'll pay
me a ton of money for letting me rob you
of your hard-earned dollars Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau has returned
billions of dollars to the American
people because it was fraud the bankers
have armies of lawyers they're not
paying billions of dollars if they
didn't do it they did do it the
Protection Bureau protected you return
that money to the average American now
crane injure says says no no I'm not I'm
not gonna represent you just like
Mulvaney I will represent the giant
bankers and the payday lenders and we
will rob you blind and almost not almost
every Republican will vote for her I
guarantee I'm telling your editor
absolutely I guarantee it
they will all vote for her and and
they'll be proud of it so the next time
you vote for a Republican why don't you
just give him your wallet while you're
at it
so you just touched on something that I
want to elaborate on because there is a
little bit of hope when it comes to this
story believe it or not so right now the
Senate Banking Committee is likely to
approve her nomination but they're not
the ultimate deciders the ultimate
deciders includes the entire Senate so
the Senate will have to vote on
confirming her they're unlikely to get
to that vote until after the midterm
election so with that said it is
incredibly important to elect
progressives I'm not saying elect
Democrats I'm saying elect progressives
people that you know will vote against
this nominee see a perfect example I
feel like sometimes really only people
who actually are nonpartisan and it's
ironic cuz they say oh you guys are
biased / perspective now we have
perspective that it's yes progressive
but also looking out for the average
person so who also attacks Democrats and
Republicans almost no one else right so
in this case Tom Carper senator from
Delaware what did he do he voted to
deregulate the banks he's a Democrat why
did he do that because he takes a giant
amount of money from the banks so it's
Tom Carper corrupt goddamn right he's
corrupt so go vote in a primary for
Carrie Harris who's are just Democrat
who refuses to take corporate PAC money
why do I keep emphasizing that because
if they take the corporate money they
work for the corporation's they don't
work for you when they don't take it at
least you know that there have a shot at
representing you so go vote for Kerry
Harrison Delaware
throw that corrupt Tom Carper out of
office otherwise you'll vote for the
bankers for the rest of your life go
vote on primaries and by the way if
you're a Republican go vote in your
primaries I don't know if you could find
an honest Republican at the national
level in primaries or otherwise so if
you can bless your heart if you can't
run for office believe in conservative
principles conservative principles are
not robbing the American people and on
behalf of wall street when did that
become a conservative principle no
almost all of your representatives are
corrupt understand that and vote them
out of office and do it immediately
because if you don't do it right now as
an appointed out after the elections
I'll continue to put her in place she's
promised to rob you and she will rob you
and they'll applaud while doing it so
throw all the
bums out all right we got to take a
break when we come back all the updates
on the Kohen scandal you don't want to
miss it my favorite part is watching
Trump squirm we hope you're enjoying
this free clip from The Young Turks if
you want to get the whole show and more
exclusive content while supporting
independent media become a member at TYT
comm slash joined today in the meantime
enjoy this free senator shank and ana
lots of comments for you guys let's go
through them on Twitter first dr. chaos
MD says to make up for the GOP tax cuts
we should cut spending on welfare
interesting says no more corporate
subsidies no more tax exempt status for
your churches no more interest loans for
banks you want to do that watch the
bank's owl if you say hey you don't get
no interest loans anymore they're like
how dare you we get no interest loans
you get huge interest loans that's the
way this scam works alright well fair
Paul Ryan argued that the federal
government is spending a lot of money on
able-bodied people who refuse to work
which is by the way a lie but with that
said if you really think about it he's
right we do spend a lot of money on
able-bodied people who refuse to work
it's called Congress yes and so maybe we
should really reconsider cuts in their
salaries that's a good idea alright
Batman swaggins writes in on youtube
super chat 1.8 trillion in 10 years term
let us put that into perspective that is
almost half a billion dollars a day and
I took out my calculator to confirm
during the break he's right
they gave half a billion dollars a day
for 10 straight years to the rich and
then they say oh I'm sorry I had to cut
your Social Security and Medicare I ran
out of money
it's disgusting Richard Atkinson says
chenkov corporate dams are actors in the
same play pretending to be better but
really on the same team is Republicans
then why do you tell us to vote for them
they are that pretend lesser evil so
Richard for a number of reasons so
number one the Republicans are you
almost uniformly
despicable and corrupt the Democrats are
whatever percentage 60% 80% etc corrupt
but they're not completely grew up
Bernie Sanders isn't Elizabeth Warren
isn't and then there are shades and
there's a spectrum so if sherrod Brown
as bad as any Republican no hell no
sherrod Brown is great on some issues he
frustrates me on other issues but that's
not anywhere near John Thune who
basically just put up a for sale sign on
his neck okay and I know on and on so
are some of them like Feinstein and
Carper just as bad yes yes they are and
you know how much crap we get from the
establishment for saying that I mean I
remember during political last year when
I said that Nancy Pelosi hadn't
accomplished anything I mean they
literally they almost jumped me I mean I
shrunk got out of his seat he's like our
beloved Nancy Pelosi okay yeah Pelosi
story by the way later in the run down
okay that will enrage you
so hey it depends it depends on the
person and then be yes on social issues
Democrats are better when it doesn't
affect money so that doesn't affect
their corruption they don't hate gay
people they don't hate black people that
makes a giant difference it makes a
giant difference so on the corporate
side and the money side almost no
difference for about eighty percent of
them okay on the social issues giant
difference so we got to be able to tell
the difference and we got to be able to
do nuance we shouldn't be black and
white like conservatives okay all right
I'm gonna just lighten it way up now
because well Rafael Herrera Diez says
why is Ana so hot and intelligent thank
you okay and then Kellen Whittaker says
says I mean it I have to say it my heart
aches for Ana it's fascinating what yeah
I don't know what that means exactly
alright Kellen right in a kid and tell
us what that means yeah okay alright and
thank you for using YouTube super chat
and thank you to all of you who are
members you make this show possible
where else are you getting rage about
the robbery that they're doing to them
cantankerous oh I'm sure I came as a
they won't stop talking about it right
yeah
anyway TYT calm /join did become a
member all right what's next time
yesterday Michael Cohen accepted a plea
deal and that plea deal indicated that
he would have to of course plead guilty
to a number of things he told the court
that he had coordinated payments at the
candidates direction meaning Trump to
stifle stories about two women the women
were not identified by name but the
facts laid out in court papers made
clear that they are the former Playboy
model Karen McDougal and adult film
actress
Stephanie Clifford aka stormy Daniels
both women said they had affairs with
Trump and were paid to keep silent so
that is what he confessed to he has
pleaded guilty to that and so the
discussion the national discussion then
turned to whether or not there's any
possibility Donald Trump would pardon
him and Lanny Davis who is the attorney
for Michael Cohen answered that question
during a recent interview let's see what
he had to say there's one person who
could make Michael Cohen's legal
problems go away in an instant it's
Donald Trump is he hoping for a pardon
from President Trump not only is he not
hoping for he would not accept a pardon
he considers a pardon from somebody who
has acted so corruptly as president to
be something he would never accept ok
that's huge that's huge yeah yesterday
there were some question as to what
Michael Cohen was doing cuz he was
pleading guilty without really getting a
deal from the prosecutors and so
everybody's like what what the hell is
he doing here so so let's break that
down a little further so here they're
saying clearly we are not looking for a
partner cuz that was one possibility
they're like maybe he just wants to get
rid of this whole case fine I'll plead
guilty right I don't want to be sit here
and spend hundreds of thousand dollars
over several years with this thing
hanging over my head I'll plead guilty
Trump will pardon me the next day and
I'm done with it
well that's gone he's not doing that
okay now there's a good reason why he's
not doing that as we've told you all
throughout they could also bring state
charges and now New York is considering
some state charges yes
well the president cannot pardon someone
on state charges so he was likely going
away anyway so now I was on c-span this
morning on Washington journal and a
bunch of Republican callers calling in
they all had the same exact talking
point they got it from somewhere it's
drilled in in their head so they
repeated like robots they let go pay pay
hush money is not illegal so it's fun
you could pay that hey no that's not the
issue here the issue is Michael Cohen
gave $150,000 to stormy Daniels during
the campaign because it affected the
campaign Trump is on tape talking about
it in September of 2016 during the
campaign Michael Kohn cannot give more
than $2,700 to Trump's campaign when you
give 150 thousand dollars to make this
problem go away for the campaign that is
an in-kind contribution it is illegal
it's not that it's hush money it's that
you're doing it during the campaign now
there's your world you knew though it's
illegal that's what Trump is saying now
right well he pleaded guilty in a court
thats one way you know it's a crime the
other way that you know is that the
judge accepted it and said yes in fact
you are guilty of this crime and there's
a well you know you know what why would
a guy admit and and willing to take 3 to
6 years in prison if he didn't do it
also the argument that basically
consists of I didn't know that that was
a crime is not accepted for any average
person in any situation if you make an
illegal u-turn you can't then tell the
cop who stopped you I'm sorry
I didn't know I could make a u-turn
there that doesn't all of a sudden you
know make you safe from a citation
you're the President of the United
States you should have a firm understand
in the United States who's surrounded by
lawyers at all times you should have an
understanding of what is and isn't legal
as you're running for president it's a
clown it's a moot issue the ignorance is
not a defense in law and and second of
all everyone who runs for office let
alone the presidency knows you can't
just take 150 thousand dollars look
there's a million other ways to get
bribe legally you can get campaign
you can get independent expenditures
they can do it through a super PAC but
you can't just give someone a hundred
and fifty thousand dollars during their
campaign of course they knew that and of
course it's a crime and and Cohen is
saying in open court yes I conspired
with a certain political candidate which
is obviously Trump so he's alleged to be
part of a conspiracy to commit a federal
crime if any other president had done it
we'd be talking about impeachment
immediately right but we've lowered the
bar for Trump we're so used to his
brazen law breaking non-stop in front of
everyone that when he breaks a law and
there's somebody in court who says yes I
will go to prison for years upon years
because I committed this crime and my
conspirator was Donald Trump well the
guy I know but he's committed so many
crimes and he winds all day he cries all
day about it
so maybe we'll call it 5050 well there
are new developments regarding another
mess that Trump is involved in so
remember he's facing all sorts of
investigations it's not all about Russia
it's not all about man afford or Cohen
there's another issue involving the
Trump foundation because there is some
evidence that indicates that Trump was
using his own charity to benefit himself
financially so because of the statement
that Lanny Davis gave in the video that
we showed you now investigators who are
looking into the Trump foundation are
going to subpoena Michael Cohen to see
if there's any information he can
provide according to reports from The
Associated Press investigators in New
York have issued a subpoena to Michael
Cohen as part of their probe into the
Trump foundation the subpoena was issued
after Cohen's attorney said his client
has information of interest to both
state and federal prosecutors Cohen
could potentially be a significant
source of information for state
investigators looking into whether Trump
or his charity broke state law or lied
about their tax liability so just to
give you a little taste of what Trump
used his charity's money for he used it
to settle issues legal issues that he
was in settlements out of court
he also used it to buy a $10,000
six-foot portrait of himself yeah so
that's a little you know piece of what
he spent that money on it's incredible
well so this is exactly what I'm talking
about because we already know it's in
the public record that he spent money
from his charity to pay off legal bills
his own personal legal bills obviously
illegal obviously you cannot take money
from a charity and use it for yourself
fraud in broad daylight we just got used
to it
so was somebody going to pursue him on
criminal charges on robbing from his own
charity to pay his own bills is anybody
gonna do that so apparently now New York
is stepping up and going yeah okay we'll
do it right they shouldn't on that by
the way before he ran for president they
should have been prosecuting this
lifelong criminal all along but you know
what the rich and powerful in this
country get away with stuff all the time
all the time until they bother other
rich and powerful people in the country
so now when you turn back to the Cohen
case in terms of the stormy Daniels case
I wanted to say one more thing about a
Donald Trump went around saying well
look III found about I found out about
it later he said in an interview right
no what do you mean later what does that
mean you mean after the campaign was
over and so this is this flimsy excuse
but you're on tape talking about it in
September he's again another thing where
he's just a brazen liar he lies so often
that we just take it for granted well
okay the president lies eight times a
day so what can we do they said we
should impeach Bill Clinton for one lie
he told for one lie this guy lies a
thousand times literally per year I mean
that's way understatement yeah he
contradicts himself he lies so often
that he'll contradict his own lies and
then then go back to the original line
and contradict it again so Fox and
Friends invited him on their show today
and Trump talked about this issue with
Ainsley Earhardt and let's let's hear
what he has to say what's the spin did
you know about the payments later on I
knew
but you have to understand anything what
he did and they weren't taken out of
campaign finance that's a big thing
that's a much bigger thing did they come
out of the campaign they didn't come out
of the campaign they came from me and I
tweeted about it you know I put I don't
know if you know but I tweeted about the
payments but they didn't come out of
campaign in fact my first question when
I heard about it was did they come out
of the campaign because that could be a
little dicey
and they didn't come out of the campaign
and that's big but they weren't that's
not a it's not even a campaign violation
if you look at President Obama he had a
massive campaign violation but he had a
different attorney general okay throwing
Jeff Sessions under the bus again but
let me clarify what he said about Obama
because for anyone who might be curious
about that
so apparently Obama's camp was very slow
in reporting you know there are campaign
donations in the 2012 election they
eventually did but he did get hit with a
fine to the tune of about three hundred
seventy five thousand dollars so he paid
that fine but it wasn't like he was
doing something super Shady they just
took too long to report the full amount
that they received in campaign donations
and by the way good yeah I'm glad they
were caught I'm glad they paid the fine
and and so when Trump says two
nonsensical things they're so it wasn't
really a violation like Obama had a
campaign finance violation you just said
it wasn't a violation what does that
mean
you contradict to yourself within like
five seconds okay so and in fact what
Obama did was a violation that's why he
paid that big fine and so was their
hypocrisy no they caught him on a much
lesser charge and then he had to pay the
Consular as campaign did right in this
case he says oh no no I paid for it it
wasn't it wasn't the campaign no we know
it was in the campaign Michael Cohen
paid the bribe or paid the hush money I
should say to be clear okay
he paid the hush money Michael Cohen
then is giving an in-kind
tribution to your campaign that's the
crime not that you took it out of the
campaign money and so when you pay it
back later that's just the call to cover
up that's what that's called
okay so uh I didn't know about it till
later okay you're on tape on September
why bother lying about that why go on TV
and commit yet another because you don't
lie cuz he's never ever been held
accountable his he grew up incredibly
wealthy because of his dad he went
bankrupt six times his dad bailed him
out every single time except and when
the Russians bailed him out
and so he never paid the consequences
for his ridiculous actions and then he
ran against Hillary Clinton and in the
time of rage against the establishment
he ran a populist campaign anything game
president and he keeps lying like he's
done his entire life keeps breaking laws
like he's done his entire life and he's
thinking there's not gonna be any
consequences well I hope to god that we
live in a country of rule of law and
justice and that one day Donald Trump is
wrong that there are consequences even
if you're born rich and powerful and
have gotten away with it your whole life
gonna follow the flow chart again of his
progress process for this interview 45
seconds yeah Rudy Giuliani he's worried
about him getting caught in a Purdue
trap he started from the beginning from
that little thing with a Z which is
gonna fully air tomorrow um he said so I
didn't know about it at first I found
out about it later it didn't come from
the fine from the campaign because I
asked the first thing I asked was did it
come from the fight than from the
campaign because you know that's dicey
you didn't know you didn't you know
nothing about that rule first of all um
but how did you not know it first then
you did know then you paid for it but
then asked if it came from the campaign
when you just paid for it you said you
paid for it so there's no way that you
would have thought it came from the
campaign and if I recall correctly
didn't know at first would you later
know yeah it's it's and also if I can
recall correctly that tape where they're
talking about the payment to stormy
Daniels Trump was urging Michael Cohen
to pay in cash right oh right right
they're going to write cash and the
throne was like no we
can't do that because that would make it
even more obvious I mean they're talking
about the way to pay her off in this
hush money and he keeps saying like Oh
Michel Cohen's a liar and he sends Julia
ya out there saying he is a lifelong
liar then why did you hire him he worked
for you and pretty much only you for a
long long time so in other words you
hired him to be a liar and now you're
mad because actually for the first time
in his life he's telling the truth okay
okay so let's get to Trump's reaction to
all the news that broke yesterday and
that includes the news of Paul Manafort
getting convicted on eight of the 18
charges following the news regarding
Paul Manafort getting charged eight out
of 18 of the charges in his trial and
also news of Michael Cohen taking a plea
deal where he confesses that he paid to
women Karen McDougal and stormy Daniels
hush money at the direction of Donald
Trump Donald Trump had a meltdown which
is to be expected now he went on a you
know rally or did a rally in West
Virginia but today he decided to like
break everything down from his
perspective and here's what he had to
say first he gave Paul Man afford a lot
of credit I feel very badly for Paul
Manafort and his wonderful family
justice took a 12 year old tax case
among other things apply tremendous
pressure on him and unlike Michael Cohen
he refused to break make up stories in
order to get a deal
such respect for a brave man okay so
let's review what he just got ran afford
just got convicted for okay a jury of
his peers listened to the trial on eight
huge charges they and likely to go to
prison for the rest of his life among
the things that he was convicted of was
not reporting 30 million dollars - in
taxes
hit it offshore and he did that fraud
that he while he was working for the
pro-russian Ukrainian government so that
unlike you he wouldn't have to pay tax
that's right okay that he could just
hide it off
because he's rich enough to hide it off
shore and they violate the laws of this
country and then he can't committed
other fraud to take more money that he
didn't deserve from in the form of loans
etcetera Trump is like what a brave man
what a bereavement what a brave man for
hiding his money what a brave man for
breaking the law the only thing that
matters to Trump for obvious reasons
is whether or not these associates or
former associates are gonna turn on him
men afford so far has not turned on him
and so that's what he considers brave
like oh he's willing to take the fall
for me because man afford could have
negotiated some sort of plea deal he
didn't and so that's what Trump is
applauding him for by the way just to be
absolutely clear Manta for worked as a
foreign agent did not tell the US
government about it made sixty million
dollars over the course of ten years
doing that hid thirty million dollars
from the US government so he wouldn't
pay taxes then went broke he went broke
after making sixty million dollars just
let that sink in for a second and then
since he was so broken desperate for
cash lied to banks to obtain loans
that's what manna fortune he is a
disgusting human being so so I'm gonna
say one more thing here he said he
refused to break you know what he
sounded like he sound like a mob boss it
was a good man he refused to break why
are you so afraid of him breaking like I
know you Magga guys you're so
unbelievably stupid that you think oh no
no they would break and make ups or like
all of them I bet the mob guys also
would break and make up make up stories
no they break it they tell the truth
okay and he's just saying it right in
front of you here's ago it's good man he
wasn't a rat you know what I'm saying it
wasn't a rat he didn't give us up okay
gee I wonder what you did with him
before I wasn't sure that he did
something with Manta port I knew what
Manta fort was crooked
now he's convicted we know that who
which President goes out after a guy is
convicted of all these crimes he goes
what a great guy what a wonderful
criminal that's Donald Trump you want to
celebrate criminals along with Donald
Trump don't ever say you're full rule of
law don't ever say you're for law and
order because you're not your
unbelievable hypocrite and if you think
really breaking meant that he was gonna
make up stories you're also an idiot
breaking means he's gonna tell the truth
about Trump so now I dunno it turns out
metaphor does have stuff on Trump
otherwise Trump wouldn't be worried
about him breaking so they're the manna
for saga isn't over he's facing another
federal lawsuit in Washington DC so just
something to keep in mind for the future
but more importantly there is talk about
whether or not mana Ford might take some
sort of deal in the sentencing process
for the crimes that he has been
convicted of because if he does have
dirt on Trump there is some possibility
that he could trade that information for
a lesser sentence I think that that's
unlikely to happen this is just my
speculation my prediction because Trump
has made it in my opinion clear that he
is ready and willing to pardon people
and it seems as though mana Ford is
banking on Trump pardoning him we'll see
that's just my prediction for the future
all right now what else did he have to
say Michael Cohen pled guilty to two
counts of campaign finance violations
that are not a crime
wrong New York that's why he pled guilty
that's kind of the definition of guilty
the judge accepted it the prosecutors
charged it he agreed everyone in the
system agreed it was a crime that's why
he's facing three six years in prison
Mike you don't go to prison if you
didn't commit a crime I know he's
talking about it as if it's someone who
cheated on their diet like hey did you
eat that extra piece of cake that you
weren't supposed to eat guilty like
people say that colloquially hey it's
not a crime right except when it's an
actual crime that you just got convicted
of yes there's more he he keeps going
after Michael Cohen it's awesome
President Obama had okay we already went
over this a boring let's move on the
next tweet is if anyone is looking for a
good lawyer I would strongly suggest
that you don't retain the services of
Michael Cohen his longtime fix-it
attorney fix-it lawyer
all of a sudden Eli
no don't hire that guy yeah I mean all
Giuliani was talking about how you know
Cohen has a long long history of lying
and deceit then why did Trump Hiram
exactly and why did he keep him for all
those years if he has a long long
history of deceit because that's the one
part Giuliana's telling the truth about
yes
Cohen does have a long history of lying
for Donald Trump
that's why Donald Trump hired yeah I'm
jumping around a little bit but let's go
back to manna for it this was my last
favorite tweet from Trump in this
meltdown that he had he said a large
number of counts 10 could not even be
decided in the mana fort Paul Manafort
case witch hunt no but he was convicted
of eight of them and it was a mistrial
when it came to the other charges
because not all the jurors agreed right
so that doesn't anyway like no no no but
that's what's hilarious about this it's
like you get convicted of you know rape
and murder and bank robbery but the jury
deadlocked on whether you're a
co-conspirator on jaywalking and you
know and and a mugging ha ha not guilty
you know what I'm saying right no he's
going to prison for the rest of his life
that's pretty guilty so one last thing
he goes to West Virginia and in the
midst of this he mentions Hillary
Clinton and the crowd chants starts
chanting lock her up no no but we're
getting to that next okay all right okay
no no let's take a break because we have
excellent reporting from our very own
Eric Beiler he went to that rally in
West Virginia spoke to some Trump
supporters and then we'll tell you what
the rally was like how they you know
dealt with this new information about
mana Ford and Cohen come right back go
