earlier this week while speaking with
the press Mitch McConnell said that it
would be a really bad idea for Democrats
to launch investigations into basically
anything Donald Trump has done since
becoming president should the Democrats
win in this year's midterms
now McConnell said that they really
don't need to do that they better not do
this we don't want them to do this but
not because we're worried what they're
gonna find with the president no no it's
because we're worried about the
Democratic Party you know we just want
to help them strategize a little better
and we Republicans feel that if the
Democrats were to start investigating
Trump it would probably lead to Trump's
reelection because you know if you sit
there and harass the president you know
and make him the bad guy it's only gonna
draw more people to support them so here
I am for Mitch McConnell and I'm just
trying to look out for the Democratic
Party you know I don't want them to make
some serious blunders and cost
themselves elections in the future
because I'm just good guy Mitch
McConnell who's looking out for
everybody here's the truth Mitch
McConnell doesn't want Democrats looking
into Donald Trump's potential criminal
activities and all of the horrible
atrocities really committed by this
administration not just because he knows
they're gonna find stuff but because
when the Democrats find something from
these investigations it's only going to
further prove that the Republican Party
has been complicit in every single
aspect of it now we know they've been
complicit right now they've gone along
with it they haven't said much about a
lot of things they've just let it happen
but suppose Democrats launch
investigations and we find out all kinds
of things we find out all the lies about
their family separation policy we get
some good photos of the abuse taking
place there Republicans would have known
about it and did nothing about it
that's what Mitch McConnell is afraid of
and it's not just the family separation
policy or immigration it's everything
the FBI investigation into Brett
Kavanaugh you know the death of the
American reporter
and the Saudi consulate there's all
kinds of things that Republicans do not
want the Democrats to uncover because
they've done a very good job of covering
it all up Mitch McConnell isn't
concerned about the future of the
Democratic Party he's not trying to help
them out he's trying to cover his own
ass right now because this has less to
do with Donald Trump and more to do with
the Republicans sitting in Congress
today who know that this administration
has done some horrible things they know
that they have done some things that are
potentially illegal but they have done a
good job of keeping the investigators at
bay and if the Democrats come in and
they've retaken power those
investigators are gonna come storming in
there and find out every piece of
information that this Republican Party
has been trying to hide from the public
for the last two years we're gonna hear
more Republicans in the coming week
saying Oh Democrats would be foolish for
you to investigate Trump you're only
gonna help him but that's not true the
American public by large margins wants
to know the truth they want
investigations they want to see Donald
Trump's tax returns they want every bit
of information that is out there the
good the bad and the ugly because that's
how our government operates best when we
understand who is there why they're
there and what exactly they are doing
the Republicans have proven that they're
not gonna let us know that so it's time
to get those guys out of office for good
