during an interview with Bloomberg News
the other day Mitch McConnell let us
know who's really to blame for the
ballooning deficit and the massive
national debt that we have incurred as a
country and it's not the wealthy elite
who just got that massive tax break it's
not because we're spending hundreds of
billions of dollars every single year on
our over bloated military no no it's the
fault of poor people poor people in the
United States who depend on the federal
government to give them the benefits
that they've already paid for those are
the people who are screwing over our
budget and ballooning our deficit
according to Senate Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell see McConnell is out
there saying these things that he knows
are not true because McConnell wants to
destroy the social safety net in the
United States specifically and he
mentioned these programs in his little
interview Social Security Medicaid and
Medicare three programs designed to help
the less fortunate in times of need
Social Security for the people who can't
afford or didn't get a pension or didn't
get any kind of retirement package after
working for their entire lives
so show Social Security provides a
little bit of a cushion for those people
Medicaid obviously for the
underprivileged here in the United
States don't have enough money to go by
private health insurance they don't get
it from their employer so they can get
these cost effective plans from the
federal government
Medicare same thing with senior citizens
they qualify for that
they can get on those plans doesn't
necessarily cover everything most of
them have to get supplemental insurance
but at least it's there to help them
when they need it and here's the thing
here's the thing that Mitch McConnell
and Republicans keep forgetting we've
already paid for those plans we've
already paid for that safety net those
are ours and right now they're telling
us and they've been telling us for over
a year
we're going to cut them we're going to
slash and burn those programs to the
ground
because we've got to pay for that tax
cut for the wealthy elite that's what
this is about
that's why Mitch McConnell is out there
lying through his teeth in this
Bloomberg interview to tell you that
we've got to cut these programs these
poor wealthy elite I mean how are they
gonna survive you know where's their
safety net this is nonsense folks and
it's madness honestly that's what this
is this is madness people who are
getting Medicaid or Medicare or Social
Security they've already paid for those
programs those are their benefits they
have already earned them but Republicans
want to come through change the language
and say no these entitlement programs
that people think they're entitled to
well hell yeah you pay into a program
for 40 years expecting the money to be
there when you need it you're entitled
to it but I understand if you don't want
to use that language
those are earned benefits that's the
social safety net it's what helps keep
the most vulnerable in society afloat
call it what you want but at the end of
the day those are benefits that people
have already paid for and Mitch
McConnell wants to take that away from
them because he wants to give himself
his brothers and sisters in the Senate
and House and of course his wealthy
donors even more of our money that's
what this is about
there's no problem with the social
safety net other than the fact that
Republicans are trying to destroy it at
every given opportunity
