we hope you enjoyed this free clip of
The Young Turks your about this seat now
remember it's not the whole show if you
want to get the whole show and more
exclusive content while supporting
independent media become a member at TYT
comm / join today and meanwhile enjoy
this lovely second
huge huge news day for you guys today on
The Young Turks so first on manna fort
ladies and gentlemen we got him hold on
Michael Cohen ladies and gentlemen we
got him old both of those stories those
are awesome amazing Donald Trump is in a
world of trouble the ref is this closer
thing you're stepping in should I step
in should I step Wallasey good lord it's
over it's over
no not yet hold hold
oh hold on guys I got a lot of news for
you guys but I want you to whisper of a
dream the day I come on the program the
mother of all ladies and gentlemen on
Donald Trump I want you to picture that
day and you wouldn't you know we got him
and you know the Young Turks start at
6:00 o'clock and you know I'm gonna come
on and play that how good is that day
gonna be tick tick tick tick tick tick
tick tick
okay so huge huge news furthermore
tonight on the TYT Network her Cubs
Elizabeth Warren 8:05 p.m. Eastern on
rebel headquarters Elizabeth Warren's
our first guest we're gonna talk about
her proposals a little bit later in this
program on The Young Turks you're gonna
love those proposals I mean now we're
getting real on getting rid of
corruption in the country and in
politics so that's fantastic so massive
show ahead for you guys if you miss any
part of it just go to TYT comm /join
become a member
it's a Shou Shou price that tiny little
price you get the progressive Netflix
all the progressives get all that
program you get Elizabeth Warren you'll
get all the ladies and gentlemen we got
them commercial free and anytime you
want so T y-t-dot-com /join I'm going
over here for the first story that's
related to progressives okay
so Kerry Harris is running for Senate
seat whoa
Senate's pretty significant she's just
Democrats so she believes that all those
progressive priorities that you know a
loved Medicare for all $15 men in which
college for all and peace hey how about
that okay but she takes no corporate PAC
money now that's a very very important
part of this story because her opponent
that takes a lot of it but we are told
that this is impossible
I believe I've heard this story before
in 23 previous times it proved to be
untrue is just as Democrats won their
primaries but guys this is a Senate seat
a kid a guy person not taking any
corporate PAC money that suggests that
mcwrap that progressive really what a
Senate seat okay that's the question for
Kerry Harris uh and who was the
incumbent now that's Kerry Aris right
there she's wonderful she was on rebel
headquarters before she's got all those
great positions her opponent is
incumbent Tom Carper who has been in
office in Delaware that's the Senate
seat we're talking about here in
Delaware of for about seven thousand
years in a row
okay he's held many political positions
there so he actually is a huge track
record let's look at his record and see
if it's worthwhile because this is the
important part I am told by people in
Washington all the time what are you
guys making a big deal out of all you've
you know rascally progressives these
Democrats are fine they're fine what are
you primary Tom Carper for he's a good
solid democratic vote all right I'm
gonna tell you this record and then you
tell me if you think this is just fine
or if Washington is perhaps full of crap
all right so what do you do recently
hope he co-sponsored the hashtag bank
lobbyists act supported by oh right
President Trump and opposed by nearly
all the Democrats bank lobbyists sax
sound like it might be good maybe you're
trying to prevent the banks from
lobbying and influencing politicians no
no no no that was to deregulate the
banks now there's a lot of banks in
Delaware there's a lot of corporations
in Delaware they set up their LLC's
there and guess what Tom Carper takes a
lot of money from banks and all of a
sudden
listen deregulate them so they can run
roughshod again and he wants force with
Trump on it who wants this guy which
progressive things oh that's great man
finally someone's standing up for the
big banks ok I'm not anywhere near done
he voted YES on these Trump nominees
Alexes are at Health and Human Services
a disaster Kirsten Nielsen a Department
of Homeland Security even bigger
disaster Rick Perry do I have to tell
you anything more oh I could tell you
more about oops I forgot Ross a guy
accused of stealing 120 million dollars
by his colleagues so he voted YES on all
those senator carper votes with Trump
over 35 percent of the time now to give
you a baseline Bernie Sanders Carla
Harris etcetera boat with Trump about 10
percent of the time so there's some
boats that you could agree with Trump on
he's accidentally right 10 percent of
time apparently but 35 percent is a
giant number why is it Republican I'm
sorry see that's the nice Freudian slip
why is it Democratic senator and don't
get him wrong
he's not a boat he's a Democrat
Democratic senator from a very blue
state like Delaware boat it was Trump a
huge percentage of the time and on
important issues like banking but no
hold on we're not anywhere near done
he's he also hasn't co-sponsored
Medicare for all of course he voted
against the amendment and this important
to allow importation of prescription
drugs from Canada so why why would he do
that
why would he do that so that the drugs
from Canada are the same exact drugs
they just cost a lot less
I mean unless he was taking money from
drug companies and banks but he wouldn't
do that would he oh of course he would
so let me show you the money over one
hundred and forty seven thousand dollars
from JP Morgan and Chase 64 thousand
five hundred from Citigroup those are
two giant banks sixty three thousand
nine hundred eighty dollars from
BlueCross BlueShield that's hey look at
data insurance company votes with
insurance companies so that we pay
higher prices on drugs huh sixty-two
thousand six hundred and fifty dollars
from the particularly obnoxious
bank of Wells Fargo that's all all from
open secrets do you think Tom Carper
works for you I Got News for you I know
every pundit on television says he's an
honorable gentleman from Delaware how
could you possibly say that he might not
work for the voters of Delaware I'm
saying it I want to be absolutely clear
it is institutional systemic corruption
he takes legalized bribes from these
companies and does exactly as he is told
he does not represent you why would you
vote for Delaware's a tiny state you can
make all the difference in the world get
out there and get into the fight I mean
you got look Kerry Harris calm /phone
bank that allows you to call in from
anywhere to volunteer for her and make
all the difference do not let these
corporatists represent you this is this
guy because he's certainly not gonna
actually represent you so why don't you
actually get someone who's uncorrupted
to represent you like Kerry Harris in
this case this race is really really
winnable I want every progressive in the
country to get in this fight Alexandria
costume Cortez's team is there right now
in Delaware organizing those volunteers
get in a fight okay Oh Tom you think I'm
done I'm not anywhere near done so he
opposed Obama's proposal to raise the
minimum wage $10.10 instead push for a
lower minimum wage of $9 an hour no
wrong we're going for $15 an hour you
still talk about 9:00 Tom Garber okay he
voted against the amendment to prohibit
any cuts the Social Security Medicare
and Medicaid as a result of Trump's tax
bill do you understand that the
amendment was do not cut Social Security
Medicare or Medicaid Carper voted no
he's saying no no we should be allowed
to cut those programs do you think he
represents you you paid into Social
Security and Medicare your whole life
but he's ready to take it from you
there's tax cuts for the rich to you he
voted to approve Keystone XL pipeline
and also voted to allow offshore
drilling multiple times of course he did
who doesn't he work for oh right the
voters of Delaware he voted to authorize
the war in Iraq and recently has
continued to vote to increase corporate
military spending also one of a small
group of Democrats to vote YES on the
authorization of use of military force
in 2017 which allows President
from wide latitude to engaging conflicts
around the globe giving Trump the
authority to start Wars voted for the
Iraq war why why if you're a Democrat or
a progressive in Delaware would you give
this guy your vote the minute he wins
you think he cares what you think no no
no there's defense contractors I've got
to make some money and finally just to
rub a little bit of salt in your wounds
get a load of this what's the one thing
you always hear from the corporatist
establishment Democrats but Chang but
progressives you don't understand the
Supreme Court the Supreme Court you have
to allow every corporatist Democrat in
because of the Supreme Court well let's
look in the carpus record on that cuz
there that Cavanaugh guy not on Carper's
watch right one of the few Democrats to
vote YES on corporate conservative
Justice John Roberts voted against the
filibuster of Samuel Alito and is the
only remaining Democrat to vote YES on
Kavanagh to the circuit court that was
to a lower court Kavanagh is now up for
the Supreme Court if you weren't paying
complete attention and he wasn't in the
middle of a primary are you sure he
would actually vote with us on Kavanagh
I'm not sure he didn't vote with us on
Kavanagh before and in fact he was the
only Democrat to vote YES on camera
because Cavanaugh is an extreme extreme
right winger Carper's sees that extreme
right winger goes that's my kind of guy
why look I need you to do two couple of
things okay if you're not so go Kerry
Harris's website go finite or found out
find out our policy because you see if
you agree okay and then get in the fight
number two if you know if you live in
Delaware you got to go vote it's a super
important primary okay number two you
know someone in del where I know it's a
small state but think about someone you
know and in Delaware call them and ask
them to vote in the primary number three
for God's sake volunteer it makes all
the difference okay Kerry Harris comm
slash phone Bank make all the difference
you can get this guy out of us and you
can get Kerry Harris into office and
have her actually be a progressive
champion in the Senate we did it before
in fact we've done a 23 times before
just Democrats let's
again let's win a Senate seat it is
incredibly winnable if you get in the
fight we fight for progressives every
day here on The Young Turks all right
that was the appetizer we're gonna take
a break we're gonna come back manna fork
goes down Coen goes down now we're
having fun okay we'll be right back we
hope you're enjoying this free clip from
The Young Turks if you want to get the
whole show and more exclusive content
while supporting independent media
become a member at TYT comm slash joined
today in the meantime enjoy this free
second turks Genki Granicus pairing with
you guys a huge huge news day I'm gonna
read your comments a little bit later
but let's just get two of those two mana
for Dan Cohen all right
following four days of deliberations the
jury in the Paul Manafort case have
decided to convict him on eight counts
of bank and tax fraud however there were
ten additional counts that they could
not decide on which led to a mistrial
now again he has been convicted of eight
counts of bank and tax fraud and so as a
result we are now going to await the
sentencing in relation to these
convictions the federal jury in Virginia
convicted Paul Manafort on these eight
counts Tuesday but the mistrial was
declared on the 10 other charges he
faced there was some expectation that
this would happen because before news
broke of the convictions the jury had
asked the judge what they should do if
the jury can't decide on all of the
counts or all of the charges so let's
get to it right I mean ladies and
gentlemen we got him down goes mantle
for ya so look don't worry about the ten
that they couldn't you know convict him
on eight the eight are plenty those are
very same area charges potential of
serve the rest of his life in prison now
he will appeal but even so he'll be
spending all that time in prison
remember they revoked his bail at one
point he's been in prison the whole time
and as and he got convicted so he will
stay in prison even through their
Appeals even if he were to win their
Appeals he might spend years in prison
which then makes him think he's 69 years
old man I mean he's got nothing left to
lose
so tick tick tick tick now so the only
card he's got left to play is Trump now
does he have anything on Trump we don't
know here's how we would find out if
Trump in a panic pardons him now
remember that this trial was not about
trunk right mana fort took money from
the Russian link to Ukrainian leaders he
took sixty million dollars and he hid
half of it and that's part of why he got
convicted tax fraud right he didn't
report 30 million dollars of it hid it
offshore etc right now so that doesn't
have necessarily anything to do with
Trump so why would Trump pardon him but
he's been making noise about like oh
poor Paul Manafort he's been treated so
roughly and unfairly right well if he
pardons him that means he's got stuff on
Trump a hundred percent because there's
no reason for Trump to get involved in
that case unless he knows that Manta
forts last card is evidence against
Trump right it is fascinating that as it
stands now it appears that Manta fort
has not turned on Trump right and and
this this case was a difficult procedure
for him to go to and go through and the
reason why I say that is because we
learned a lot through this case a lot of
evidence compelling evidence was
provided by prosecutors just to give you
an idea of how incredibly dumb and
incompetent this man is like he broke
all sorts of laws in order to accumulate
60 million dollars as Jake mentioned
earlier so over the course of ten years
he was working as a foreign agent you
know supporting Russian backed leaders
in Ukraine in order to help Russia annex
Crimea that's part of the thing part of
the issue there right so anyway the 60
million dollars is what I want to focus
on over the course of 10 years he hid
half of that money to evade taxes but he
went broke and what did he do after he
went broke he lied to banks in order to
get loans he was so desperate for cash
he lied how do you blow sixty million
dollars in the core
of just a short period of time that
that's the problem with a lot of these
folks which is that their greed is
infinite so he spent fifteen thousand
dollars on an ostrich jacket and vest
okay to be fair and the best match the
best oh well of course we've got an
ostrich vest what are you gonna do with
it if you don't have an ostrich jacket
so he said he wasted all that money he
broke all these laws now was there
something that the Ukrainians and the
Russians were expecting in return now
the guy he supporters no longer the
leader of Ukraine they've gone in the
other direction now they're more Pro
Western and and but the former leader
was totally Pro Putin so what do they
expect in return well manna fort when he
was the campaign management for Donald
Trump had control over the Republican
party platform to a large degree at the
convention so what did he do he changed
the platform to soften their stance on
Russia as it relates to Ukraine so he
did not want to arm the Ukrainians
against Russia and gee I wonder if the
fact that they paid him sixty million
dollars had something new with the fact
that he was trying to influence policy
so you could say hey maybe Donald Trump
didn't know about that that Donald Trump
is a fool which is a good case to make
and that he hired man afford even though
he was clearly working for the Russians
or maybe not clearly enough for Donald
Trump and then he went around and did
all these things he was also the Trump
Tower meeting he was basically in a
sense still working for his former
employers the Russians and so he
affected policy on that so the best case
scenario for Donald Trump is well golly
gee Donald Trump is so stupid he
couldn't tell his campaign manager was
working for a foreign government as he
changed policy of the Republican Party
to help that foreign government
congratulations Trump voters if that's
your best-case scenario I mean Trump
voters his base at least doesn't seem to
care about any of this but one other
thing that I wanted to mention was that
manna fort was the only non Trump family
member who attended that meeting with
those you know Russian lawyers and that
was the meeting where Russians claimed
to have dirt on Hillary Clinton also I
want to kind of break down his charges a
little more so he was guilty of all five
counts of
tax fraud he was also found guilty for
failing to report on his foreign bank
account and then two counts of bank
fraud so the bank fraud was when he was
trying to get approved for those loans
and he essentially lied to the banks to
get those loans but what I found
interesting was that his lawyer said
that he wanted to thank the judge for a
fair trial that was his quote following
these convictions and the judges
behavior throughout the course of the
trial was fascinating because he was
very tough on the prosecutors like the
prosecutors would bring up things that I
would argue are important to the jurors
to take into consideration and the judge
on various occasions would scold the
prosecutors for bringing up these these
pieces of evidence I don't know I think
maybe the judge wanted to make it
abundantly clear that this was a fair
trial and so there wouldn't be an appeal
or a retrial as a result I have no idea
but I just found his behavior
interesting and the judge is a right
wing and pointed by Republican
presidents and that's okay it doesn't
matter so he was so over-the-top fair
that the defense even thanked him and
Manta Ford still got convicted of the
most serious charges so look at a bare
minimum the conclusion of this is maybe
it's possible I'm not prejudging here
that mana Ford doesn't have any evidence
on Donald Trump and he just did this
crime unrelated to Trump and Trump was
too stupid to figure it out
okay then at least we got rid of Manta
fort
god bless guys a clear criminal
convicted criminal when you don't pay
your taxes you're stealing basically
from all other taxpayers I can't imagine
why any conservative in their right mind
which support a crook like this unless
you were actively and enthusiastically
you know backing someone despite the
fact that they were criminal and you
just don't care about the law you don't
care about law enforcement you don't
care about right or wrong and you just
want to back someone because they're on
your team doctor service I'm sure you
wouldn't want to do that so I'm sure
you're celebrating what happened today
which is a win for all Americans well
there is a
another individual tied to the Trump
campaign and to Donald Trump that
pleaded guilty today so let's get to
that story
Trump's former lawyer Michael Cohen has
reached a plea deal and this was an
agreement over the payments that he made
to various women you know this is money
hush money that he had paid them reached
this plea agreement with prosecutors
investigating payments he made to women
on behalf of Trump a deal that does not
include cooperation with federal
authorities this is an important part
the plea deal does not indicate that he
must cooperate with federal authorities
now with that said as part of the deal
Cohen is expected to plead guilty to
multiple counts of campaign finance
violations tax fraud and bank fraud and
that's according to three sources who
spoke to CNN the deal would also include
jail time and a substantial monetary
fine
now since this plea deal indicates that
he does not have to cooperate with
federal prosecutors well then what is
this about you know what why would they
accept a plea deal well one thing to
take into consideration is the
sentencing so he's gonna serve time
behind bars
he's pleaded guilty and right now
they're trying to decide whether he
spends three years behind bars or 50
months behind bars prosecutors want 50
months Cohen is arguing Cronin's lawyers
are arguing for three years this is
awfully strange
so first though mm-hmm ladies and
gentlemen we got him Down Goes Cohen
says who says the judge and Michael
Cohen yes yes so let me tell you what
the plea deal does include because this
is late-breaking news in the day so yeah
sure Ali tweeted the following Cohen
just described in court how he violated
campaign finance laws by arranging
payment for stormy Daniels and Karen
McDougal
he said he violated federal law in
coordination with and at the direction
of a federal candidate for office
obviously meaning Trump so super
important that he's saying at the
direction of a candidate so if he did
not take direction from Donald Trump and
just did it on his own he might be the
only one who
guilty of campaign finance violations
but if Trump told him to do it and that
is apparently what he's saying Trump is
also guilty so handcuffs okay hold hold
hold
but there's more there's more okay we'll
do more and then I'm gonna explain why
the twists and turns in this story want
one my meat what might be happening so
Bloomberg reporter Justin cinq tweeted
more about what Cohen had confessed to
and this is the relevant part Cohen says
he acted for the purpose of influencing
election that's the second bullet point
in his tweet mm-hmm also Cohen violated
campaign law ads direction of unnamed
candidate and we all know who that
candidate is again Donald Trump unnamed
candidate says who one of the famous
Michael Cohen appearances on television
where he said that okay so why is this
weird because you would why is Michael
Cohen and green to go to prison for a
number of years if you know why doesn't
he just cut a deal where he doesn't go
to prison at all and turn in Trump
okay that's twist number one twist
number two is but he actually kind of
did give evidence on Trump he did not
kind of definitely he said I worked in
the direction of a candidate etc right
so why not get a better deal and then
number three the third woman is not
mentioned and maybe we're wrong about it
you know there is there's the two women
that we know about the Trump had as
mistresses and Cohen paid off there is
the third woman who Elia broidy the
campaign and the the Republican
fundraiser says he slept with and paid
off but that is not mentioned here now
one theory out there is that she also
slept with Trump and not broidy that's a
theory but maybe that theory isn't true
because Michael Kohn didn't name her or
he's saying now look here's what I got
so far
but we haven't that's the appetizer we
haven't gotten the main course the main
course might be the third woman the main
course might be much more importantly
connections to Russians so Michael Cohen
could either have just this or he could
the rest of the iceberg so the games
that are being played in terms of what
he's angling for that's a little harder
to discern from the outside right is the
angling is he saying to Trump this the
stuff everybody already knows I have on
you now you know the other stuff and I'm
telling you I'm gonna take three years
in prison right so get to it and pardon
me right or that's all he's got or the
prosecutors are playing hardball and
saying you're going to prison no matter
what you better give me everything so
that part is hard hard to figure out but
we know my cocoa nib did it because he
just pled guilty right and we know that
he did it at the direction of the
president broke campaign finance laws so
tick tick tick tick
look please let me be absolutely clear
about this if the person that was on the
other end of this was Hugh if Michael
Cohen says I broke I broke campaign
finance laws because I was working in a
coordination with Bob right you'd be
arrested immediately right immediately
right it's the president so it's a
little dicey here and he's got a lot
more power and he's got a lot more
privilege but rationally speaking take
take take take let's consider what's
going to happen in the future so first
of all the question of whether or not
Cohen is gonna turn on Trump or whether
he has he's turned on Trump like that's
that's done rigged remember it was his
camp Cohen and his own personal lawyer
who released audio of Trump indicating
that Trump was acknowledging the payment
to stormy Daniels so the okay that that
didn't come from a leak that came from
Michael Cohen also Cohen just threw
Trump under the bus in this plea
agreement so he's already turned on
Trump there has been a review of all the
documents that were obtained in the in
the raids and the multiple raids for
Michael Cohen right in his office in his
apartment yada yada the reason why they
did a review of those documents was to
try to decipher whether or not any of
those documents are protected under
attorney-client privilege and what that
review found was at a small
action of those documents are protected
under attorney-client privilege meaning
those documents are fair game and so
we'll see what happens in the future but
it's not based on my read of this and
again this is my analysis it is not
looking good for Trump so again let me
lay out two scenarios to give you a
fuller picture one scenario is this is
all Cohen's got and he's like okay you
know 50 months three years whatever I
make all the medallion cases go away if
you're not familiar with that that's the
scams he was running with taxi cabs in
New York I make the campaign finance law
violations go away I've got all these
other issues and look I didn't have that
much on Trump so I'm just given the
prosecutors what I got I'm taking a plea
deal like anybody who would write in
that situation the other possibility is
that he's saying okay look this is the
stuff that you got me dead to right on
and and so I'm gonna give you this stuff
and but we're still negotiating for the
bigger enchilada right and so maybe the
three-year sentence goes away if he
gives up the bigger enchilada and
prosecutors might be playing hardball
with him like we don't care Michael
you're going to prison okay so so
basically the bottom line is one shoe
has fallen here we're waiting for the
other shoe right so if prosecutors come
out and say that's it that's all we got
on Michael Cohen then Trump is in
massive trouble over the campaign
campaign finance law violations
maybe he survives that you know maybe I
think it's definitely likely that he
would survive that I mean like because
break so many laws and he's just gonna
say whoa what do you mean of course I
pay off the pride the mistresses in the
middle of direction is followers will be
like oh yeah yeah of course you break it
what's the big deal but to that point I
mean think about how Trump and his
cronies continuously moved the goalposts
right so like at first they were in
denial or at least denying publicly that
they had paid anyone off and then before
you know it they're like oh yeah of
course we paid everyone off but that's
yeah but we didn't break any finance
laws yeah
incredible or it's a much bigger deal
and Trump is definitely gone if it's
campaign finance laws the third mistress
or Russia it said a combined right but
back to campaign finance laws for one
last point if any other president had
done this if Barack Obama had clearly
violated campaign finance laws and
someone just pleaded guilty saying yeah
I worked with Barack Obama to violate
the law and to pay off his mistresses
who were adult film stars etc now that
part's not relevant but it is for
Republicans right they would've been
like oh that yeah the thug in the White
House he ruined a moral integrity of the
office and bring in these yeah you know
these porn stars and then breaking the
laws to cover it up impeachment would
have happened this afternoon I mean I
don't know that they could have voted in
time but they certainly would have
started the proceedings immediately
immediately and you know it even if
you're the magaz of the magaz you know
that they would have done it to Obama
you what a cheerless cheerlead for it
you would have gotten out your pom-poms
and you would have pretended to be
outraged etc so even on the bare minimum
we we you know whether you were unsure
or not about impeachment before and I
think that was a fair question before
this appears to be a clear clear
violation of the law than any other
president we'd be having an impeachment
conversation so we should be having that
right now not later not if he broke
seven other laws but right now for this
clear violation of the law illegal
criminality by the way with Cohen and
manna forks both going down today
I've got Trump man he's all worked up
and we got him on tape from the White
House Muller talking to Trump show me
the bottle and when Trump goes down
we're all gonna say
if he goes down yeah and by the way just
quick clarification they moved the
goalposts by denying that Trump had the
affairs that's what I meant to say right
and then now it's like yeah of course he
slept with those women like now it's not
like there's no question about it
there's they can't even deny it they've
accepted it they admit to it and it's
fascinating how his base just doesn't
seem to care all those evangelical
leaders and almost all the evangelical
voters that are right-wing thank you for
proving our point we always thought you
were full of crap and it turns out we
were a hundred percent right you never
cared about so-called morality you never
cared about your so-called principles
and you never cared about the Bible and
what you claim it represents now you're
celebrating a guy who paid off adult
film stars and had sex with them during
marriage while his wife had just
delivered that is what you told us was
the worst of the worst and now you
applauded him daily so thank you for
proving what we knew all along that
you're raging hypocrites and we should
never take you seriously all right let's
take a break when we come back
Eric Prince is pushing for the
privatization of the military and it
would be disastrous we want to give you
the details on that and the potential of
Donald Trump accepting that proposal and
one more thing about Trump look we got a
great anti-corruption story about
Elizabeth Warren and she's gonna be on
the network tonight at 8:05 p.m. Eastern
don't miss that interview she came on
the editor specifically talked about her
drive against corruption cuz she knows
you guys care about us so much but
there's another story in the news today
that I think could spell doom for Trump
because his undermines the people who
are going to either vote for impeachment
or not vote for impeachment so I think
Russia is miscalculated we'll tell you
about that a little bit later as well
