unlawful and dangerous kids took down a
statue honoring a Nazi soldier directed
by a neo-nazi 48 years after World War
two ended in 1993 that's basically what
happened at UNC last night but for the
Confederacy
silence Sam is a Confederate soldier
honoring the Confederate UNC students
who died in the Civil War for those of
you who have never read a book
they died defending states rights states
rights to own slaves they fought and
died to continue enslaving black people
and these monuments were erected to
either minimize that message in an
effort to rewrite history and glorify
the Confederacy or sometimes to outright
say these ideas these men died for I
agree with them specifically the racist
stuff but no matter what their second
place participation trophies and as
Americans I thought we didn't like that
kind of stuff as a matter of fact even
robert e lee didn't like that kind of
stuff in regards to such a monument
being erected he wrote my conviction is
that however grateful it would be to the
feelings of the south the attempt in the
present condition of the country would
have the effect of retarding instead of
accelerating its accomplishment and of
continuing if not adding to the
difficulties under which the southern
people labor Wow robert e lee was a
slave owner and used the r word double
bad and let me make something clear I
don't want to take these statues down
just because the people depicted may
have been racist there are plenty of
statues of people who did bad things I'm
not trying to blow up Mount Rushmore any
time soon no I want to take these
statues count because they were erected
to uphold white supremacy long after the
battle was fought and lost that's why
these monuments weren't put up during
the war or immediately after but 40
years after the Civil War was over
during the resurgence of the KKK and
then another spike in the 1960s during
the civil rights era I mean there are
monuments to the Confederacy in non
slave owning Union states like
California for Christ's sake do you
think they were honoring their fallen
brothers in the war too they literally
killed those fallen brothers and while I
understand there's something weird about
changing the status quo in this way
especially when these monuments aren't
actual shrines put up alongside
legislation to segregate you and do you
harm but at least arm yourself with the
knowledge of what the original intent
was in putting them up and listen I'm a
27 year old idiot okay I didn't even
grow up in this country don't ask me ask
a historian Jane Daly who said most of
the people who were involved in erecting
the monuments were not necessary
erecting a monument to the past but were
rather erecting them toward a white
supremacist future so back to silent Sam
the Confederate soldier slash students
sitting at the heart of the UNC campus
silence Sam was of course commissioned
by the Daughters of the Confederacy and
I'm you know what I'm just gonna read
you a passage from Julian Carr's
dedication speech to the monument at the
day of its unveiling Julian Carr who
also celebrated beating up a black woman
the present generation I am persuaded
scarcely takes note of what the
Confederate soldier meant to the welfare
of the anglo-saxon race there in the
four years immediately succeeding the
war when the facts are that their
courage and steadfastness saved the very
life of the anglo-saxon race in the
south when the bottom rail was on top
all over the southern states and today
as a consequence the purest strain of
the Anglo Saxon is to be found in the
thirteen southern states praise God Carr
here is referring to the KKK upholding
white supremacy and protecting a pure
white race after the Civil War was over
so yes that's why they put these statues
up so that's basically what you're
defending when you defend the existence
of these statues so spare me this bullsh
okay I'm happy they took this statue
down take all of the statues down I'm
sorry if you found this video
informative please share it with your
friends and please don't forget to leave
your thoughts in the comment section
below and if you want to keep the
conversation going I'm live on twitch at
twitch.tv slash hasta nabi every day
from 7:00 p.m. Pacific to 10:00 p.m.
Pacific and this has been the breakdown
you like this video great never miss
another breakdown video by hitting the
subscribe button below and also ring the
bell to get notified whenever we publish
a new one
