Trump's former lawyer Michael Cohen has
reached a plea deal and this was an
agreement over the payments that he made
to various women you know this is money
hush money that he had paid them reached
this plea agreement with prosecutors
investigating payments he made to women
on behalf of Trump a deal that does not
include cooperation with federal
authorities this is an important part
the plea deal does not indicate that he
must cooperate with federal authorities
now with that said as part of the deal
Cohen is expected to plead guilty to
multiple counts of campaign finance
violations tax fraud and bank fraud and
that's according to three sources who
spoke to CNN the deal would also include
jail time and a substantial monetary
fine now since this plea deal indicates
that he does not have to cooperate with
federal prosecutors well then what is
this about you know what why would they
accept a plea deal well one thing to
take into consideration is the
sentencing so he's gonna serve time
behind bars
he's pleaded guilty and right now
they're trying to decide whether he
spends three years behind bars or 50
months behind bars prosecutors want 50
months Cohen is arguing Cronin's lawyers
are arguing for three years this is
awfully strange
so first though mm-hmm ladies and
gentlemen we got him
Down Goes Cohen says who says the judge
and Michael Cohen yes yes so let me tell
you what the plea deal does include
because this is late-breaking news in
the day so yeah sure Ali tweeted the
following Cohen just described in court
how he violated campaign finance laws by
arranging payment for stormy Daniels and
Karen McDougal
he said he violated federal law in
coordination and at the direction of a
federal candidate for office obviously
meaning Trump so super important that
he's saying at the direction of a
candidate so if he did not take
direction from Donald Trump and just did
it on his own he might be the only one
who's guilty of campaign finance
violations but if Trump told him to do
it and that is apparently what he's
saying Trump is also guilty
so handcuffs okay hold hold hold
but there's more there's more okay we'll
do more and then I'm gonna explain why
the twists and turns in this story won't
one my meet what might be happening so
Bloomberg reporter Justin cinq tweeted
more about what Cohen had confessed to
and this is the relevant part Cohen says
he acted for the purpose of influencing
election that's the second bullet point
in his tweet mm-hmm also Cohen violated
campaign law at direction of unnamed
candidate and we all know who that
candidate is again Donald Trump unnamed
candidate says who one of the famous
Michael Cohen appearances on television
where he said that okay
so why is this weird because you would
why is Michael Cohen and green to go to
prison for a number of years if you know
why doesn't he just cut a deal where he
doesn't go to prison at all and turn in
Trump
okay that's twist number one twist
number two is but he actually kind of
did give evidence on Trump he did yeah
not kind of definitely he said I worked
at the direction of a candidate etc
right so why not get a better deal and
then number three the third woman is not
mentioned and maybe we're wrong about it
you know there is there's the two women
that we know about the Trump had as
mistresses and Cohen paid off there is
the third woman who Elia broidy the
campaign and the the Republican
fundraiser says he slept with and paid
off but that is not mentioned here now
one theory out there is that she also
slept with Trump and not Brody that's a
theory but maybe that theory isn't true
because Michael Kohn didn't name her or
he's saying now look here's what I got
so far but we haven't that's the
appetizer we haven't gotten the main
course the main course might be the
third woman the main course might be
much more importantly connections to
Russians so Michael Cohen could either
have just this or he could have the rest
of the iceberg so the games that are
being played in terms of what he's
angling for that's a little harder to
discern from the outside right
is the angling is he saying to Trump
this the stuff everybody already knows I
have on you now you know the other stuff
and I'm telling you I'm going to take
three years of prison right so get to it
and pardon me right or that's all he's
got or the prosecutors are playing
hardball and saying you go to prison no
matter what you better give me
everything so that part is hard hard to
figure out but we know my cocoa nib did
it because he just pled guilty right and
we know that he did it at the direction
of the president broke campaign finance
laws so tick tick tick tick
look please let me be absolutely clear
about this if the person that was on the
other end of this was Hugh if Michael
Cohen says I broke I broke campaign
finance laws because I was working in
coordination with Bob right you'd be
arrested immediately right immediately
right it's the president so it's a
little dicey er and he's got a lot more
power and he's got a lot more privilege
but rationally speaking tick tick tick
tick tick let's consider what's going to
happen in the future so first of all the
question of whether or not Cohen is
gonna turn on Trump or whether he has
he's turned on Trump like that's that's
done
Rick remember it was his camp Cohen and
his own personal lawyer who released
audio of Trump indicating that Trump was
acknowledging the payment to stormy
Daniels so the okay that that didn't
come from a leak that came from Michael
Cohen also Cohen just threw Trump under
the bus in this plea agreement so he's
already turned on Trump there has been a
review of all the documents that were
obtained in the in the raids and the
multiple raids for Michael Cohen right
in his office in his apartment yada yada
the reason why they did a review of
those documents was to try to decipher
whether or not any of those documents
are protected under attorney-client
privilege and what that review found was
that a small fraction of those documents
are protected under attorney-client
privilege meaning those documents are
fair game and so we'll see what happens
in the future but it's not
based on my read of this and again this
is my analysis it is not looking good
for Trump so again let me lay out two
scenarios to give you a fuller picture
one scenario is this is all Cohen's got
and he's like okay you know 50 months
three years whatever I make all the
medallion cases go away if you're not
familiar with that that's the scams he
was running with taxi cabs in New York I
make the campaign finance law violations
go away I've got all these other issues
and look I didn't have that much on
Trump so I'm just given the prosecutors
what I got I'm taking a plea deal like
anybody who would write in that
situation the other possibility is that
he's saying okay look this is the stuff
that you got me dead to right on and and
so I'm gonna give you this stuff and but
we're still negotiating for the bigger
enchilada right and so maybe the
three-year sentence goes away if he
gives up the bigger enchilada and
prosecutors might be playing hardball
with him like we don't care Michael
you're going to prison okay so so
basically the bottom line is one shoe
has fallen here we're waiting for the
other shoe right yeah so if prosecutors
come out and say that's it that's all we
got on Michael Cohen then Trump is in
massive trouble over the campaign
campaign finance law violations
maybe he survives that you know maybe I
think it's definitely likely that he
would survive that I mean like because
break so many laws and he's just gonna
say well what do you mean of course I
pay off the pride the mistresses in the
middle of direction and his followers
will be like oh yeah yeah of course you
break what's the big deal but to that
point I mean think about how Trump and
his cronies continuously moved the
goalposts right so like at first they
were in denial or at least denying
publicly that they had paid anyone off
and then before you know it they're like
oh yeah of course we paid everyone off
but that's yeah we didn't break any
finance laws yeah it's incredible or
it's a much bigger deal and Trump is
definitely gone if it's campaign finance
laws the third mistress or Russia it's
combined right but back to campaign
finance laws for one last point if any
other president had done this if Barack
Obama had clearly violated campaign
finance laws and someone just pleaded
guilty say yeah I worked with Barack
Obama to violate the law and to pay off
his mistresses who were adult film stars
etc now that part's not relevant but it
is for Republicans right could they
would have been like oh that yeah the
thug in the White House he ruined a
moral integrity of the office they bring
in these yep you know these porn stars
and then breaking the laws to cover it
up impeachment would have happened this
afternoon I mean I don't know that they
could have voted in time but they
certainly would have started the
proceedings immediately immediately and
you know it even if you're the Magus of
the Magus you know that they would have
done it to Obama you what a cheerless
cheerlead for it you would have gotten
out your pom-poms
and you would have pretended to be
outraged etc so even on the bare minimum
we we you know whether you were unsure
or not about impeachment before and I
think that was a fair question before
this appears to be a clear clear
violation of the law than any other
president we'd be having an impeachment
conversation so we should be having that
right now not later not if he broke
seven other laws but right now for this
clear violation of the law
illegal criminality by the way with
Cohen and mana Forks both going down
today
I've got Trump ice man he's all worked
up and we got him on tape from the White
House Muller talking to Trump show me
the bottle and when Trump goes down
we're all gonna say two easy ways for
the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of
our videos
