this is just me as anyone else had it
with these herbal religious bigots
hiding behind Jesus as they dehumanize
and humiliate black people this is the
second time in two weeks that a child
has been left traumatized and
heartbroken after being told her hair
was unnatural
there's nothing unnatural about this
girl's hair there is something a hundred
percent unnatural about a modern day
establishment in 2018 though using their
religion as justification to enforce
bigotry and since you are hell-bent on
using the Bible as a crutch how about
this quote in Matthew 18 10 Jesus says
see that you do not despise one of these
little ones then I missed the part where
he added well unless they have braids a
newsflash Jesus wasn't white he was born
in Israel not Louisiana but I'm sure it
was just school rules right now wrong
Christ the King middle school admitted
that this hairstyle does not violate any
rule in their handbook but says that
they made a new rule this summer to
prohibit it so they made a rule in the
summer of 2018 to prohibit this
hairstyle so to those who insist we live
in a post-racial society well the only
racism is reverse racism exhibited by
social justice warriors like me go ahead
show me the examples where white kids in
the states are tossed from schools
because their hair is unnatural show me
examples well they're left feeling
humiliated and that something is wrong
with the way they look the reality is
you can't and yet you'll deny that such
instances exhibit racial prejudice and
you'll probably also say that protecting
Confederate statues is just preserving
southern heritage right but what's so
wrong is that you're supposed to be
teaching these kids to be accepting of
each other and embrace what makes us
unique not vilified this girl should be
able to come to school feeling beautiful
empowered hungry to learn and reach our
maximum potential not afraid that she
will be judged solely on her appearance
and it certainly won't go away
by hiding from it or pretending it
doesn't exist either those who claim
that my shining light on this is ripping
off the historical band-aid only further
reinforce the problem the reason this
kind of bigotry continues is because you
cannot cure a deep-rooted wound with a
band-aid you have to find the root cause
and here in the states that root cause
is often bigotry intertwined
religion well if this beautiful girl is
to take anything from this experience it
should be this that an institution it
seeks to darken the brightest parts of
you it's not a school and does it
deserve you any school it seeks to
police Europeans under the false
pretense of what is natural doesn't
deserve you there are countless other
places that will accept you for the
beautiful strong young girl that you are
and add fuel to your file not try to
squash it and it's so important that we
publicize these stories to let all the
bigots out there know that we are
watching and there is no place in
society for this form of discrimination
whether it be in one little middle
school Louisiana or any major
corporation don't want to become famous
for your racism don't be racist have you
heard about the new TYT podcast network
we have some great new shows for you
find us wherever you get your podcast by
searching for TYT Network on iTunes
Google podcast or stitcher or head over
to TYT calm / audio
