alright here we go again Republicans
know something in the mainstream media
doesn't know which is that they have to
cheat to win so they're cheating again
and of course in of all places Kansas
where they cheat the most Kris Kobach
who's running for governor is also the
one that is handling their elections but
that's not a problem anyway he's the guy
who claims he cares about voter fraud
and then those voter suppression all
throughout the country but specifically
in Kansas so what's he doing now
well there's one major city in Kansas
that is majority Latino and that's of
all places Dodge City as in we got to
get the hell out of Dodge
so it's an old cowboy town that used to
have cattle there they now have
unfortunately these giant warehouses
where they slaughter the cows etc but
they have a lot a lot of Latinos there
that are working in those in that area
so the city's 60% Latino now normally it
turns out that you need about one
polling place for every 1,200 registered
voters in Dodge City they have 13,000
registered voters but only one polling
place so they should have about 10 or 11
instead they have one is it in the
Latino part of town of course not no way
they put it next to literally a country
club in the whitest part of town but
then they realize this time around
Latinos were still able to get to that
section of town
so they decided they were gonna remove
the only polling station in Dodge City
in fact they were gonna get the polling
station the hell out of Dodge
so not only they move it out of the city
they moved it a mile from the nearest
bus stop out of this city okay so that
means that if you don't have a car and a
lot of people who are working poor
working middle-class especially if they
live close to the factories and the
warehouses which a lot of them do don't
even own cars so they'd have to take a
bus and then walk a mile so that is a
way of doing voter suppression to make
sure Latinos don't vote in Kansas Kris
Kobach and the Republicans know that
Latinos vote for Democrats more often
than they vote for Republicans now
plenty of those Latinos would vote for
Republicans anyway but less than would
vote for Democrats so they think great
let's take their vote away tomorrow see
who cares let's make sure that we crush
their dreams and aspirations and they do
not participate in our democracy make it
as difficult as possible if now do you
think it's an accident that they moved
the only polling station in the one city
in Kansas that is majority Latino there
are other smaller cities but the MIT one
relatively major city in Kansas that's
majority Latino of course that's not a
coincidence they do that on purpose they
do it all the time and on for say our
media offering calls it 5050 it ain't
5050 voter ID laws are preposterous in
terms of actual people going and voting
twice or voting when they're not
supposed to that is a minuscule problem
in America almost non-existent but voter
suppression is done to millions of
people across the country and that is
what the Republicans do as a regular
course because they don't believe in our
democracy and they believe that if we
have a fair vote they cannot win so they
discriminate systematically and that's
exactly what Kris Kobach and the Kansas
Republican Party is all about whatever
you do do not let them get away with it
go vote the elections at about two weeks
make them pay a price
