ever notice that the government never
seems to have the budget for things
Americans really need free public
college hold buddy that would really
increase the deficit universal health
care nah too expensive in fact every
time a progressive candidate like
Alexandria Acacio Cortez brings up
Medicare for all all we ever hear from
opponents are disingenuous questions
like what about the deficit and how
would we pay for that but they also tend
to be the very people who have no
problem spending a fortune and taxpayer
money to make their donors happy so
let's explore these politicians scamaz
on wish lists to really understand the
priorities of our elected officials in
fact let's start with Republican
representative Greg Walden from Oregon
Walden isn't a fan of universal health
care it might be because he's literally
the number one recipient of campaign
donations from the private healthcare
industry
no I'm not kidding he seriously is
according to opensecrets.org he's
already received four hundred seven
thousand two hundred dollars from Big
Pharma and health insurers in 2018 alone
and as a result he's a pro at pretending
like he's concerned about how we pay for
a single-payer health care system energy
behind it led by people like Bernie
Sanders and others that there's a
there's a lot there a lot of folks who
just didn't have the government take
care of this whoever the government is
but by the way our other health care
programs are suffering and funding them
is a problem and and and and yeah
blending them is a problem because
Republicans keep using tax revenue on
nonsense and I'll give you some examples
now walden is so against the government
having any control over health care that
he was one of the most outspoken critics
of the Affordable Care Act before it was
even passed back in 2009 this bill that
Nancy Pelosi is putting forward to take
over health care kills jobs hurts small
business and hurts this country so
what's on Walden's scamaz on wish list
twenty billion dollars in fossil fuel
subsidies which is what researchers at
oil change international estimate the
federal government spends each
year representative Walden doesn't think
the federal government can afford
universal health care but he constantly
votes against getting rid of the
government subsidies for the fossil fuel
industry I guess when you're receiving
two hundred thirty eight thousand four
hundred dollars in campaign donations
from the oil industry and gas companies
in 2008 alone money talks House Speaker
Paul Ryan who happens to be the second
largest recipient in donations from the
healthcare industry is also very much
against Medicare for all in fact he's
been trying to cut funding from the
Medicare program that we have now Paul
Ryan wants to go after reductions in
Medicare Medicaid he's also in the past
supported partial privatization and
higher retirement age for Social
Security while Paul Ryan thinks it's a
good idea to cut funding for Medicare
which he provides health which provides
health care to the elderly and disabled
he has no problem fulfilling orders in
his scamaz on wish list which of course
includes tax cuts for the wealthy Ryan
accomplished his tax cut goals under the
trump administration the price tag only
an additional one point nine trillion
dollars in the deficits in the next
decade oh yeah and remember when Ryan
pretended to care about balancing the
budget do you consider it possible to
arrive at a fiscal policy and plan that
reduces the deficit without touching
Medicare and Social Security or military
spending no you can't it's just a
mathematical impossibility then why did
you cut the federal federal revenue by
giving the wealthy a gigantic tax cut
could it be because you're the number
one recipient of campaign money from
hedge funds in addition to private
equity and investment firms finally
senator Ted Cruz he also thinks Medicare
for all is too expensive and just can't
be done he did an entire debate against
Bernie Sanders on the topic last year
Ted let me ask you a question sure is
every American entitled and I underlined
that word to health care as a right of
being an American national you know I'm
glad you asked that you know right is a
word you use a lot you know what the
Declaration of Independence said we hold
these truths to be self-evident that all
men are created equal and that they are
endowed by their
creator with certain unalienable rights
that among these are life liberty and
the pursuit of happiness who didn't
answer of course although I interpret
your questioning today that LaRhonda
does not have a right now that's not
what care is a refuse access but you're
dr. Ron do you have access right now go
out and get a really great health
insurance program oh you can't do it
because you can't afford it yeah thanks
for the history lesson Cruz what's on
Cruz's scamaz on wish list I mean other
than getting constantly humiliated by
Trump insulting his wife and father
defense spending back in 2016 he
proposed a massive increase in military
spending that would cost an additional
140 billion dollars a year yeah that's a
lot of money right Cruz wanted fifty
thousand more Army soldiers seventy-five
new Navy warships and nearly 5,500
additional Air Force planes his proposal
was so outrageously expensive and
unnecessary that Benjamin Friedman from
the libertarian Cato Institute said
Cruz's plan certainly doesn't seem
particularly informed by political
realities again that was from the Cato
Institute not to worry though Cruz ended
up getting what he wanted two years
later
Trump just signed a National Defense
Authorization Act to the tune of seven
hundred seventeen billion dollars that's
for one year the last time Obama signed
the NDAA for 2016 the military budget
was five hundred eighty billion dollars
just remember that these increases in
military spending are less about keeping
you safe and more about fattening the
profits for private contractors like
Lockheed Martin and Northrop Grumman
yeah and even if we gave the government
the benefit of the doubt and bought into
the lies that this defense spending was
to keep us safe what does it what good
does it do when we're dying because of
unaffordable health care in our own
country just something to think about
and even Trump understood the importance
of protecting spending on government-run
health care programs every Republican
wants to do a big number on
Social Security they want to do it on
Medicare they want to do it on Medicaid
and we can't do that and it's not fair
to the people that have been payin for
years the number one priority for our
lawmakers should be to make sure
Americans live happy healthy and
prosperous lives if we're the richest
country in the world we shouldn't be the
only developed country that doesn't
offer universal health care the only
reason why universal health care isn't
at the top of every lawmakers wishlist
is because they're paid by their donors
to prevent it from becoming their
priority you never have to miss another
episode of no filter by ringing the bell
below you'll get notified whenever we
publish something new and don't forget
to join TYT and download the TYT Plus
app today download our TYT Plus app on
your iPhone or head over to T
y-t-dot-com slash join
