happy Monday white people know that
police brutality is happening many of
them just don't care because they know
it won't happen to them here you have a
nice white doctor getting arrested in a
fairly aggressive manner in a way that
most people of color are all too
familiar with he gets pepper sprayed
toss on the ground and finally what
could dr. Jeffrey Epstein mean by this I
mean the police don't actually treat
black people differently do they
according to the police report she then
told the officer off-camera she
shouldn't be arrested because she's a
quote very clean thoroughbred white girl
examples like this happen all the time
and they're important because they show
that silence from white people against
police brutality is complicity and let
me of course state something before
everyone loses their minds um not all
white people you know who I'm talking
about complicity means seeing images of
white mass shooters get arrested
peacefully in the news and then not
seeing the difference when Stephan Clark
gets shot in his grandmother's backyard
for holding up an iPhone the complicity
is not willing to acknowledge what black
lives matter is protesting what the
athletes are kneeling for it's not about
the anthem like this isn't some big
secret you guys I mean police literally
admit it if you ask them gently
oh very well officers carry on the
disparity of police brutality is so
flagrant that cops literally use it to
calm down white people sometimes
remember black people and listen I'm not
saying you have to be Rachel Dolezal or
Kim Kardashian to understand what it's
like to be a black person in America you
don't really even need to be a person of
color to acknowledge that the police
operate is a brutal occupying forcing
communities of color in poor communities
police brutality isn't just the race
issue but race increases the likelihood
that you'll be impacted by it so white
people I'm gonna set the bar super low
for you okay all you have to do is a
first step is to say yes we need to
bring accountability to this oppressive
armed military force that's targeting
the citizens who pay their salaries it's
that easy so try that next time instead
of screaming why won't the football man
stand I mean they set up booby traps for
kids playing basketball at a Chicago
Park just to arrest them last week this
shit is comical you really want to tell
me that this is the best use of anyone's
time or resources anyway there's more to
say on this subject as always and I will
be live on twitch.tv slash hasta nabi to
talk about it every day from 7:00 p.m.
to 10:00 p.m. Pacific and if this video
was helpful please share it with your
friends and leave your thoughts in the
comment section below the TYT app is
also available so go check that out in
the app stores and this has been the
breakdown do you want to make your
commute or your daily chores more
enjoyable well I have some great news
for you my friend have you heard about
the new TYT podcast network you can find
us wherever you get your podcast by
searching for TYT Network on iTunes
Google podcasts or even stitcher or you
can head on over to tea y-t-dot-com
slash audio
