if you really are against the third
people voting third party you can
advocate for rank-choice voting but
isn't it interesting in Maine when the
citizenry passed it on a ballot
initiative the legislature fought
against it and tried to overturn them to
go to court to get it reinstated so why
are the legislators the people already
in power against rate choice voting
because then they have nobody to blame
that's my theory I don't know why it
seems stupid that they would be against
it well they are already in power and
the system that got them into power
that's right existing systems so they
might have to cede power to someone else
if they but you would think the
Democratic Party in general would be for
this right because it would take away
their spoiler effects but that's not
what they want they like the spoiler
idea because then you can shame people
away from voting for a third party and
that third party actually gaining a lot
of votes like in the national election
if Jill Stein would have got five
percent of the vote she would have been
qualified for federal funds in her next
camp or the Greens in their next
presidential campaign and they don't
want that right what do you think that's
a possibility why would they be against
it steam I don't know I mean you're
right because it makes no logical sense
because they're not going to lose in
fact it's gonna theoretically help them
win right yes your Democrat it would
help them it's harder to rig oh that's
why I think there isn't that you don't I
mean they already know how they're gonna
control this they know so I mean look
what's going on with Tim Canova in
Florida with debbie Wasserman Schultz
and there there's no like he can't get
anybody on board because they're all a
part of the machinery to keep this
suppression going how do you want to add
to that you know so a judge agreed with
Tim Canova that the Supervisor of
Elections committed a legal fraud by
destroying the ballots cuz Tim said he
won and he wanted to examine the ballots
well by law they're supposed to keep
those paper ballots for a certain amount
of time I think it's 12 months
well they destroyed the ballots
prematurely a judge agreed with Tim
Canova he thought the Republican
governor would replace that Election
Commissioner turns out the Republicans
and Democrat donors don't want Tim
Canova
so they both canal they're colluding to
screw over Tim Canova even if if he runs
as an independent that's what's
happening right now
in Florida the donor class which owns
both political parties don't want Timken
over him they like debbie Wasserman
Schultz she does the bidding of the
fossil fuel industry Wall Street in the
payday lenders that's why they love her
they don't want Timken over to kick her
out so that's why they came together to
still screw them because the donor class
wins if the Democrat wins of the
Republican the only time the donor class
loses is when the independent wins so
you know I thought about a little more
yryr speaking I think the reason why
they're against rank-choice voting is
that it gives third parties more
relevance like yes you know their votes
in that now matter yeah hounds so they
don't want that exclusion from the
debate can they still good anyway
probably but you're it's it's hard to
justify but also you know when there's a
third party when there's when you have
Jill Stein you can focus all your energy
on saying it's Jill Stein's fault yes
that we didn't win and you don't have to
look at yourself you don't blame
yourself and also you're not responsible
I mean it's if if you if you win then in
theory you're supposed to deliver on
your campaign promises but if you lose
and can spend your time blaming the
third party can I don't think they want
to lose I think they want to win I don't
I think that that is well down in their
list of concerns what no for the party
yes for the party operas absolutely but
I think for the individual who's running
that person wants to write but it's not
that individuals running whose choice
about whether the party supports
rank-choice voting right but you know
but for everyone involved by not having
rank choice you really only have two
realistic options right and then they
love that they love that exclusivity
it's me or this other person if you want
to throw your vote away over there fine
go do it but it's really us and I think
they'd like that set up and here's
another reason why they would do this
because just what happened in Michigan
so there was a progressive running and
he and he had an Arab name and so what
what did the corporation's do they got
another guy with an Arab name to run as
a progressive even though he was fake
and phony and he did take some of the
vote from that guy and that guy lost he
would have won if that third party
progressive was that it was close it's
right here advocates of rank-choice
voting
raise the benefits of alternative voting
schemes when after michigan's recent
governor's race the results suggest that
the third part place candidate who
branded himself as a progressive had
been reallocated in the rank choice
system
Abdul El Sayed a genuine progressive
might have come within arm's reach of
winning so it just works the other way
that the establishment can use a third
party person to screw over the
progressive so they just bring it up
split the vote and that so it works for
them both way if they lose they get to
blame the third party and if a third
party gets strong they just go ahead and
get somebody to split it for them and we
also we also have a system where
frequently you'll have like for example
Republicans or the Republican Party
local GOP will support a third party
candidate on the other side like the
Green Party and there's no you would
never design a system where it's going
to be in the Republicans best interest
to have someone who's super progressive
running and same deal and I mean look
Hillary Clinton we I believe Jimmy is
there weren't there informations that
Hillary Clinton had actually tried
something called the Pied Piper strategy
like there's no reason why the Democrats
should be at all involved in who the
Republicans are picking and have a
vested interests that would be able to
promote that that should you know that
should be entirely up to the Republicans
the Democrats shouldn't be promoting
Gary Johnson and the Republicans
shouldn't be promoting Jill Stein it's a
effed up system yeah if that's happening
I think bottom line rank-choice voting
gives more voice to the people and they
don't want that right
that's exactly right they don't want
that I mean if they lose it's okay
as long as they can control the outcomes
they want to quit Ken it rank-choice
voting legitimizes third party voting
yeah and they don't want a legitimize
third party voting at all they'd rather
spend the time like Hillary Clinton did
in her book after 2016 they'd rather
spend time shaming third party voters
rather than embracing solutions to the
spoiler effect that's that's that's
dirty gonna stick you asked a question
up so after the election Jill Stein of
all people spent a bunch of money trying
to get a recount in some of those in
Michigan in Wisconsin right and then the
Democrats put a stop why did he do that
why did he stop that I don't know I you
know what I don't know but I do know
that
Hillary Clinton was on board with that
when it first happened that she what am
i wrong about this so yeah yeah so I
don't know that's very interesting
people still smear Jill Stein over the
over wanting an election integrity in
missing and why would they smear her
over no the whole thing is weird because
why why would Jill Stein cared that much
about Hillary Clinton's outcome if she
was as a selfish person trying to you
know make all about her she's a Russian
tool why is she trying to mean she wants
to overturn the effects of yeah yeah so
so she goes through all this trouble to
help Hillary and the Democrats are like
no thanks what does take loss yes weird
yeah it's one thing look Democrats are
you know they get a lot of crap for a
lot of things they do but one thing they
are really good about doing is conceding
elections gracefully Al Gore got a lot
of credit I mean it's true like the
Republicans were falling all over
themselves to credit Al Gore for how
graciously he conceded to George Bush
after the Supreme Court decision and
that's a feather in their cap
we've come to another end of the
aggressive progressives but you haven't
heard the end there's a lot more to this
show and you can get it earlier when it
actually drops so the news is timely
what do you got to do to have that
happen go to tea white tea network.com
/join become a member
