all right so I just want to finish up
real quick here with Chomsky talking
about our election so let's just get
this out of the way real fast
Bulls of democracy are undermined now of
course all that is technically legal but
that tells you something about the way
the society functions so the money the
concentrated capital and inside of our
elections it goes well of course it's
all legal but that tells you a lot about
here we go you know if your age is
concerned with our elections and how
they operate and how they relate to what
would happen a Democratic Society taking
a look at Russian hacking is absolutely
the wrong place to look well you see
occasionally some attention to these
matters in the media but very minor as
compared with the extremely marginal
question of Russian hockey so there you
go he's talking about you never see the
stuff that actually affects our
elections talked about in the news media
and the stuff that doesn't the Russian
hacking is way overblown now I want to
show you something from Amanda Terkel so
here is Russia now she's a blogger for
this she might even be their chief
Washington correspondent for Huffington
Post so she's been arrived no no first
she's very well known she's very well
respected a magnet circle and she's a
good writer and journalist and she was
at a calm sea says well here it is I'll
read it to you says I'm at a conference
for international journalists deep
skepticism amongst the Russian journals
independent liberal not state media so
she's talking to independent and liberal
journalists from around the world and in
Russia that say Russia forces
significantly influential so they're
skeptical of the claim that Russian
forces significantly influenced the u.s.
election a lot of disillusion about how
the US media have covered the issue two
really interesting and by really
interesting I guess you mean wow we've
gotten it completely backwards I'm
caught up in a big mass hysteria
propaganda push and why is this
happening if that's what you mean by
really intro
thing if by really interesting why this
isn't going to be covered by the United
States press then yes that's also really
interesting and I don't
I checked she didn't write an article
about it I went to though maybe she did
I'm and I'm to have bad research skills
but I tried to find the article she
wrote about this right there's this
great revelation that she had at this
international journalists conference and
I couldn't find it so I would if she
wrote it please someone send me the the
link I'd love to look at that article
but no one talked about that no one
talked about her findings and no one's
talking about anything except the party
line propaganda Russia hacked our
election and let's remember how Russia
hacked our election they hacked our
election and rigged it by letting us
know that the Democratic Party rigged
our election that's what they did how
did what are the emails tell us the
emails told us that debbie Wasserman
Schultz in the DNC were a hundred
percent corrupt and rigging our election
so if Russia rigged our election by
letting us know that the DNC was rigging
our election I say thank you anybody
should help us know that we're being
cheated and by the way it wasn't Russia
because bill Binney on this very show I
showed you who was the number one code
breaker at the NSA the smart they made
it they made a documentary about him
that's how smart he is called the good
American he proved forensic ly that it
could not have been a hack it had to be
a leak so everything they're saying is
garbage and the FBI never ever had an
access to the DNC servers that's another
story but what's more interesting here
is how the US media is ignoring the rent
the rest of the world media and how they
view this you just heard what Chomsky
said that it's joke to the rest of the
world
Amanda turtle goes somewhere where the
rest of the world is she finds out
that's exactly correct
and she makes a tweet about it and no
one talks about it that's it she and
she's not some nobody
she's a very respected journalist she
makes nobody talks about it never heard
again and and I just want to show you
this they put this together from one
this is from so I hope I says
sufficiently made the case so far that
this Russia
is nothing but propaganda Chomsky says
so a man the terpil just found out when
she left the country that is and we've
showed you there's absolutely no
evidence Kyle kolinsky debunked The
Manchurian Candidate and a few idea and
if you really care about foreign
meddling in our elections and control of
our government you would care about
Israel and Saudi Arabia none of those
things ever get talked about so now
here's the result here is Rachel Maddow
you want to see how bad it's gotten
someone put this together from just one
episode of her show from last March and
I'm gonna play it for you here we go
Russia Russia Russia she was talking it
over Chomsky she had Chomsky on she was
talking over him to say Russia over
that's outrageous how well-respected
here we go Russia Russia Vladimir Putin
Russia Russia Russia Russia hates Russia
Russia Russia Putin Russia's Russia
Russia Russia Russia Russian Russian
Russian Russian Russia Russia Moscow
Moscow Russia Russian Pro Russian
Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian
- Russian Russian Russian Russian
Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian
Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian
Russian Russian Russian Russian Moscow
Russian Russian Russia Putin Russian
Russian Russian Russian Russian Russian
against us Russians the Russians Russia
against the US the Russians Russian
Russian Russian Russian Russian
government scheme the Russians flat Amir
Putin Russia Vladimir Putin brush Putin
Putin in Russia Russia Moscow Russia
Russian Russian Russian the Russians
Russians Russian Russian Russian Russian
Russian Russia Russia Putin Putin Putin
Putin Putin Russian Russian Russian
Russia the Soviet empire the second of
the 20th century's great evils communism
a Russian communism Russia assault by
Russia Russia Russia Russia husband
Russia's Russia Putin despises the West
in general and the United States in
particular so lien Empire Russia Russia
Russia there the adversary they they
want to bring us down to Soviet Union
okay that was that's all for that show
that was one death was from one show
that was from one show so and I just
want to let you know all that propaganda
being pushed by the mainstream news and
the establishment press and Rachel
Maddow specifically you know what the
what the result of that is if you go to
my computer the Gallup
just did a poll less than 1% of
Americans believe Russia is a top
problem less than 1% of Americans DS so
when we when I say this on the show that
no one in America cares about this I'm
not making it up I actually traveled to
parts of the country and I know that no
one cares about this stuff right so this
is a completely prop made up propaganda
and I'll just show you a little bit of
from this Gallup poll it says less than
1% of Americans consider the situation
with Russia a top problem for the United
States according to a Gallup poll
released on July 18th the number of
Americans who consider Russia to be the
biggest problem facing the country has
not surpassed 1 percent in any of the
past 7 months the pollster found while
major news outlets have relentlessly
pushed the Russian interference
narrative for nearly two years Americans
remain overwhelmingly more concerned
about domestic issues with concerns
about immigration and the government
topping the list of the biggest problems
the lack of proof and the negligible
concern from Americans on Russia issue
may be contributing to get this to
President Donald Trump's resilience in
presidential approval polls in 2018
Trump's approval rating has tracked
closely to that of President Obama's
during his first term according to
Rasmussen Reports the pollster that was
most accurate in predicting the outcome
on the 2016 presidential election the
surgery conducted last week as Trump
concluded an international trip by
meeting with Russian President Vladimir
Putin and Helsinki showed those
controversies haven't yet harmed his
overall popularity the 45% of approved
of his job performance compared with 52%
of disapprove represent a slight uptick
since June that brings Trump's
popularity more in line with those of
his oval office predecessors after he
recorded historic lows for a new
president in 2017 one major asset for
Trump by 50 percent to 34 percent voters
approve his handling of the strong
economy so what I'm going to tell you is
what Rachel Maddow is doing is actually
hurting our country she's actually doing
what she's saying Putin and Russia is
doing to our country Rachel Maddow is
hurting our country and hurting our
chances to replace Donald Trump with a
Social Democratic leader that's what
she's doing she's actually helping Trump
that's what the polls show that's what
the data shows and even her own viewers
aren't buying that that Russia is a
problem they're watching that like porn
like people used to watch Sean Hannity
when he would talk about long-form birth
certificates that's how people watch
Rachel Maddow and that's how crazy it's
got
hey I hope you enjoyed this clip there's
a whole hour and a half of aggressive
progressives waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network become a member and
get access to all the content
