and we're talking about the DNC's
reversal of their pledge two months ago
to not take any money from the fossil
fuel industry and now they just reversed
it Tom Perez did it as 350.org
co-founder Bill McKibben noted the issue
goes beyond the donations because
Perez's resolution also recommit s' the
party to an all-of-the-above energy
stance which was taken out of the
platform after a lot of hard work in
2016 yes statement McKibben added that
it is strikingly odd to go back to the
old formulation at precisely the moment
that heat waves and wildfires are waking
evermore Americans to the danger of
climate change pointing to the recent
extreme weather from California to the
arctic circle that has climate
scientists warning of a new normal
responding to McKibben on Twitter bold
Nebraska founder and Nebraska Democratic
party chair
Jane Fleming Klebe vowed that many of us
will fight the resolution at a DNC
meeting later this year people for
Bernie pointed to the four words of the
resolution that caused anger and concern
ahead of and following Friday's vote
language that allows employees of oil
and gas companies to donate through
corporate political action committees so
why would you if you're environmentalist
why would you ever vote for the
Democrats
if you're an environmentalists let's
remember Barack Obama was a big fat
friend to the fossil fuel industry as
the Democrats are as the DNC is being
right here so why would a feud by people
go all the Greens why would you ever not
vote for a Democrat this is exactly why
because the Democrats are committed to
the destruction of our planet via
climate change and all that other stuff
is just lip service so they're
corporatist they're bought by the same
people that donald trump is bought by
and the same people that republicans are
bought by and that's why I'm urging
Bernie to start a third party because
this party is Unruh formal after Bernie
Sanders campaign and what he did and
what how he's moved the country to the
left the party keeps going to the right
that's what's happening with the DNC
they're going to the right and so I say
they're Unruh formal and I wish they
would start a third party but let me
turn it over to my panel let's start
with you Steph what do you think about
it I think it's interesting that uh
everybody is worried about Trump's
administration and the EPA right
yes now we need to worry about the
Democrats right and their position and
it's catastrophic was opening and we
have the last hottest last three years
have been the hottest in the climate now
you're doing something like this we have
to be fracking friendly yeah I don't
understand that and I live in California
and I don't want fracking but it seems
my governor does well my governor
definitely wants definitely wants
fracking so now what would you shame a
Green Party person for not voting for
we're gonna get to that that's the next
thing that's the next well I think you
know just I'm saying we know we need to
worry about the EPA and now we need to
worry about the Democrats the Democrats
are doing as much as they possibly can
to keep us around you're worried about
them because they're there they're
trying to stem their own they're trying
to push up against their own blue wave
apparently because of what drives this
what it what it what on earth would you
know why do it in the first place why
why start to stop accepting the money if
just two months later you're going to
start taking it just makes it look all
the worse that if you just never do
anything at all you just stay keep doing
what you're doing it's I mean
politically it's so stupid okay let me
ask you Steve do you think the Democrats
would do this if they feared losing
votes to the Green Party because if they
feared losing votes to the Green Party
that they needed to win they wouldn't do
this they would go well we got to get
the green votes and if we do this we
won't get them and we'll lose but they
have sufficiently shamed people from
voting for Green Party candidates and
that's why they can do this that's what
I think we think they can yeah and
they're the worst they're worse than the
Republicans because if you're gonna be
corrupt take more money then why would
you be corrupting taking less money than
Republicans it doesn't make any sense so
you're taking money so you're corrupt
and the other side's taking more money
doesn't mean they're more credible to
here equally corrupt these they're just
better at being corrupt so you lose and
you're corrupt I don't just make
apparently they made this move on the
advice of the Atlantic Council
so it sounds sound decision-making but
but uh this is Nancy Pelosi's daughter
so Nancy Pelosi's daughter introduced a
resolution to not take any more fossil
fuel money because she's way more
progressive than her mother
and now the DNC to Tom Perez turn her on
when we then switched it and they voted
on it and they went along with Tom Perez
on this but what until all the people
who are the votes shamers the people
were saying Oh Green Party third
priority voters yeah non-voters what
what is the the party's message to them
like you know you're you're out there
shaming those third party to do and now
we're gonna undercut your argument we're
gonna see you know because you're saying
no the parties are different oh yeah the
parties are the same your people who's
saying the parties think so I'd vote for
a third point no they're not well the
party is telling you something different
well you know the whole thing is dem
exit you know who's representing the
voice of the people is anybody I think
their message is we take less money than
the Republicans yes additionally the
whole thing would be where's the jobs
program if we want to bring people into
this party where's the jobs program we
have a whole country that needs
infrastructure rebuilt we know there are
plenty of at the cities throughout
United yes who have lead poisoning in
their water right and I'm sure we have
it right here in California in Los
Angeles tons of jobs available but there
is no will because there's not enough
money to give the people plenty of money
to give Wars well I think what's really
happening in the reason why they're
doing this is that taking money is more
important than than winning taking money
from fossil fuel or from what from
anyone else if you're the DNC that
matters more whether individual
candidates want to lose what do you care
as long as the money is rolling in and
you can maintain your your lobbyists
position and you keep getting paid what
do you care if a Democrat loses it in a
district next time around there'll be a
new candidate yeah and you take money
for that kind that's exactly right so
you don't care you care what the money
you don't care out the winds losses
are you sick and tired of corporate
Democrats as much as we are and you
think we can have what the rest of the
world has and come watch the aggressive
progresses with us on The Young Turks
Network
