there has been a shocking number of
overdoses in New Haven New Haven Park
and the individuals behind this drug
trafficking are being investigated one
of them has already been in custody so
at least 71 people overdosed in less
than 24 hours in New Haven Connecticut
at least 71 people who overdosed were
taken to local hospitals Tuesday and
Wednesday by late Thursday though there
were more cases Public Safety had six
new overdoses reported in the area of
the green with people with similar
symptoms to earlier k2 related illnesses
so the drug that they had consumed was
k2 it's a synthetic form of marijuana
although it's not related to marijuana
at all this is the weirdest name for its
yeah and I get why cuz this is trying to
mimic marijuana but it doesn't have TCH
it's not marijuana so don't freak out
it's but if somebody offers you
synthetic marijuana the answer is no so
the hospital tested you know some
samples of the drug and they found that
it was laced with fentanyl the police
are also testing the drugs and based on
their tests they haven't found fentanyl
it was it was just pure k2 that
synthetic marijuana but luckily no one
died the hospital did an incredible job
here saving these people's lives even
though they did overdose they were saved
by the hospital but there has been one
man arraigned and two more who are
expected to be on charges related to
this mass overdose of synthetic
marijuana also New Haven Police Chief
Anthony Campbell said Thursday that one
of two men suspected of distributing the
k2 was handing it out to build demand
and clientele another suspect tied to
the overdoses was actually charging
money for it so luckily there are
suspects and they are investigating it
luckily no one has died from these
overdoses but it's it's insane how many
people had the you know the same
experience in such a short period of
time okay well actually I think this
story gets even stranger so look I don't
do these kind of hard drugs I so I don't
know why I guess
you know why they wanted to escape and
they want to get a higher and higher
buzz etcetera but this drug is so messed
up there's two amazing parts one is
people would take it the green that was
referred to in one of the quotes that
Anna read is just at a park it's a
private park in that area and so they
apparently that sort of button they buy
it because a whole bunch of them got
sick there and had to be rescued so but
people started seeing a guy walking
along boom just falls down yeah and
another guy walking boot falls down and
then somebody's sitting down starts
shaking and passes out right and so they
were taking the drug and it's this it's
you know whether it's got a fentanyl
it's just k2 what it's madness right and
so there people are like literally
passing out left and right and so they
rush in ambulances and rescue people but
the most amazing part of the story is
that some people got out of the hospital
went back and took it again it's insane
and passed out again and overdosed again
so this is according to one of the
doctors who treated patients who were
overdosing I want to read a direct quote
people who smoked it or ingested it
tended to go down very fast almost right
in their tracks and then although many
of them had to be resuscitated the
effects did not last long and they were
able to be discharged from the hospital
fairly soon which meant they were able
to return to the green meaning that Park
and seek another high it is amazing like
you just you nearly died you nearly died
but here's the thing like I think the
the whole thing about it being laced
with fentanyl I tend to believe it
because fentanyl is highly addictive
right like obviously they're not
thinking straight right and so I don't
know I I'm glad that they're doing the
testing the hospital did find the
fentanyl cops are also doing the testing
and they said that they haven't found it
but they're gonna continue testing we'll
see but nonetheless like this park is
known for the drug trafficking and the
drug abuse so why isn't there better
policing of that Park to prevent that
from happening
look guys we're huge advocates of
legalizing marijuana don't do hard drugs
yeah you get addicted once you get
addicted you'll do crazy stuff like this
it almost lose your life get out of the
hospital and go do it again
I mean they pass out at me nearly
immediately so where's the fun so
there's no fun in it it's not about fun
it's about addiction and they cannot get
off of it don't do hard drugs too easy
wasteful Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
