yesterday was reported that Trump had
revoked the security clearance for John
Brennan he was a security adviser under
the Obama administration but he's been
very outspoken against Trump and the way
that it's been essentially portrayed
because it's accurate is that Trump is
now retaliating against those who are
openly criticizing him on Twitter and so
that happened and it's interesting to
see the responses from various people
now Trump has gotten criticism from the
right and the left in in revoking the
security clearance here but I want to
give you an example of one individual
who thought that it was a good idea to
take the security clearance away from
Brennan and that person is Army
Brigadier General former Army Brigadier
General Anthony Teta take a look you
hear Brendan's comments you just think
they were inappropriate even though he's
hired to give his opinion yeah Brian I
don't think it has anything to do with
his comments I think that John Brennan
is a clear and present danger and a
threat to this nation he supports the
overthrow of this particular president
and he needed to have his access
information revoked and in question 29
on the security clearance form says you
know have you ever supported
overthrowing the US government yeah all
you got to do is look at Brennan's
tweets and he supports the removal of
this president and right there that's
enough evidence to get rid of his
clearance by the way I think I said that
Brendan was a security adviser he was a
former CIA director under the Obama
administration just to clarify that so
there you have you know Anthony tato
saying no no this makes all the sense in
the world you can't be criticizing Trump
you can't be calling to overthrow him
now he never said that he wants to
overthrow trunk but he has questioned
Trump's fitness for office like his
mental fitness whether or not he has
what it takes to be president because
he's made a lot of bad decisions so far
no criticizing the president is not
anywhere near trying to overthrow him
right that's mental so for example I
credit criticized not only President
Bush president Trump but President Obama
all the time did I want to overthrow him
no I didn't want to overthrow
Obama I just didn't want him doing
signature strikes against civilians I
didn't want him drilling in the Gulf
that doesn't mean I wanted to do coup
against them that's insanity no this is
crazy especially considering the fact
that we are in the midst of a free
speech debates throughout the country
this is an actual issue regarding free
speech you have a government official
the President of the United States
retaliating against the free speech of a
former CIA director the CIA director is
criticizing him on Twitter and Trump
can't take it so he retaliates by taking
away his security clearance and by the
way Trump's an idiot so he can't help
himself he does an interview with The
Wall Street Journal and he's very clear
about the reason why he revoked security
clearance from Brennan he says that it
was because of Russia the Russia
investigation says I call it the rigged
witch hunt it's it is a sham so I think
it is something that had to be done
meaning revoking security clearance I
just don't trust any many of those
people on that list remember they're
considering revoking security clearance
for more people I think that they're
very duplicitous I find it hard to
believe he knows that word I think
they're not good people
that's more like okay yeah not good
people
okay but before we get to your
commentary Janke TYT has a history with
anthony Teta and that's the main reason
why I wanted to do this story I'm gonna
keep it real this video is the best
video of all time Jake interviewed him
in 2009 and it was fantastic when I
began with Brigadier General retired
Anthony tanta he's also the author of
rogue threat general Tata welcome to The
Young Turks hi how are you guys doing
it's Keita actually it's a was good
Italian names okay and it's you go by
general tater I go by Tony okay by the
way when I read this to her this morning
I literally read it as brigadier general
Anthony Tata still I forgot I mean I
remember the tape and I forgot that it
was pronounced data and that was the
whole point of why that was funny anyway
so I always it is the most ironic thing
in the world I live in a glass house on
how to pronounce names right his name is
spelled ta ta its Tata Boehner come on
it's Boehner but it's okay it's okay you
want to pronounce the sir it was my bad
I was the guest book I should have asked
him for confirmation on the spelling of
his Lauer the pronunciation of his last
name right okay so hey back back to
Brennan for a second
I love the Trump administration's
excuses they said that they had to do
this because of Brennan's quote erratic
conduct and behavior really I mean I was
about glasshouse really but I'm not done
yet
they also said that it was because of
his lying and recent conduct
characterized by increasingly frenzied
commentary are you kidding me how do you
say that with a straight face working
for Donald Trump increasingly frenzied
commentary lying then erratic conduct
and behavior so let me be clear about
something
this story about revoking security
clearance broke yesterday and that was
the official response from the Trump
administration yesterday and then Trump
who just can't keep his story straight
has this interview at The Wall Street
Journal he's like yeah it was over
Russia like he keeps criticizing me over
this Russia thing and I don't like it
okay
not good people like he can't help
himself he can't help himself John
Brennan said quote I clearly think mr.
Trump is getting more and more concerned
more and more desperate more and more
frightened in regard to the Russia
investigation and that is definitely
clear based on his actions so he was a
director of the Central Intelligence
Agency's job was to collect intelligence
if you can't figure out that Trump was
getting more and more desperate well
then you weren't very good at collecting
intelligence he's stating things that
are super obvious but it's under Trump's
skin and and look understand the context
I'm no friend a fan of Brennan I'm not
in the camp
of the mainstream media who now
whitewashes Brennan and Hayden and all
those guys who worked in the
intelligence community before and would
say outrageous things like oh no we are
not wiretapping all Americans and later
yeah okay fine we wiretap - all right
and so they didn't under Bush stated
under Obama and I and and I think
Brennan authorized a a lot of things
including the signature strikes that I
was talking about earlier under Obama
that I think we're rendus now that
doesn't mean that he's wrong about
everything and it doesn't mean that we
look at it in the prism of okay are you
pro Trump or any Trump Pro bomb all
right right well you have taken case by
case in this case he's just saying
incredibly obvious things about Trump
and that's that's what's bothering Trump
and it sets it sets in my opinion a
dangerous precedent because you can't
regardless of whether or not you like
the individual who's having their
security clearance taken away from them
allowing the president to flex that kind
of muscle is dangerous because again
this is all about retaliation he's not
acting in an erratic way the only person
who's erratic and unstable is Trump and
he doesn't like any criticism he has
thin-skinned and we can't allow him to
set that kind of precedent yeah and he
is using national security for political
purposes yeah
and that's unacceptable finally I'd like
to end on a fun note it's part of what I
read to you earlier he said I call it
the rigged witch hunt now
yeah I know you called the rigged witch
hunt you do it every day three times a
day on Twitter but he phrases the
sentence that way because he thinks it's
so clever I actually did a story about
this before where he was bragging to his
friends I got it I got it I'm gonna call
it the witch hunt
Oh oh my god I got him that's not
remotely clever
that's like he's saying no no but I
proved it because I called it the ring
which ton then doesn't prove anything
just you calling something a name yeah
he's so unbelievably stupid okay okay
but there's more like I get to decide
when we had mr. oh yeah that was my one
that wasn't your last comment because
this next video is one of my favorites
so look to be fair you have senator
Susan Collins and she's calling Trump
out she's like look we this is not okay
unless there was some disclosure of
classified information of which I'm
aware unaware I don't see the grounds
for revoking his security clearance okay
but then you have the people who like to
kiss Donald Trump's butt and one of
those people is Senator John Kennedy and
so what did he have to say about
revoking Brennan's
security clearance I think most
Americans look at our our national
intelligence experts have been above
politics mr. Brennan has demonstrated
that that's not the case he's been
totally political I think I called him a
Butthead in a minute I think he's given
the national intelligence community a
bad name I think I called him a Butthead
and I meant it and he added afterwards
you know why John Kennedy saying that he
actually to be fair to him because we're
always way too fair that's our problem
is that John can't get challenged Trump
from time to time like he had sent an
unqualified judge for a position that he
didn't deserve and Kennedy eviscerated
him in the Senate and so everybody was
like whoa look at that Republican doing
the right thing he's not attacking Trump
he's just saying you're barely a lawyer
dude I'm not gonna allow you to have
this important federal judge position
but my guess is he got a lot of blowback
from that like how dare you oppose Trump
under any circumstance so now he's like
Oh Brendan he's the button he's about
that hey Trump people do you like me now
do you like me now I called him a dirty
word Seoul okay uh but let's all admit
that the best part of this whole story
which had a lot of great parts was Anna
saying you don't decide when this story
over I decide okay
ten hundred court was another rebelling
president her job had a job have it be
the decider so in the post game it turns
out there is a super badass Admiral that
telling trump come take my security
clearance and he was part of the Navy
SEAL Team six that did the bin Laden
raid okay
so serious drama will tell you about it
in the postgame TYT comm slash join two
easy ways for the young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
