the progressive revolution doesn't stop
when the live show ends join the home of
progressives and become a TYT member
today click the link below once again
video footage proves that a police
account of a violent incident with
someone they were approaching was not
did not go down the way that they said
it did so here's the foot the video
footage so what you saw there was the
cops approaching a guy in Orange County
this is really early in the morning the
guy is so intoxicated that we didn't
play that the whole part of them talking
about beforehand but he was having
trouble even responding their questions
the idea that he was violently getting
up and tacking them it seems ridiculous
when you know how drunk he was but
you've also just seen it right there he
said don't touch me and the guy
immediately began punching him now what
the cops say happened is that he
resisted arrest and he attacked them
that is of course what they always go to
yep apparently either forgetting that
the camera in their car is on expecting
that they can say that it was turned off
as is often the case but thankfully in
this case the video footage shows that
the cops attacked him totally needlessly
so here the number of lies as the police
said about it yes I said lies because
they're absolutely positively lying
about it because I just saw it with my
own eyes and you could watch the whole
video as well so they say that he
attacked first we just saw it and he was
antagonistic throughout he was laughing
its second before they started punching
him in the face
they said that he used gang language I
didn't catch that part and that he used
the n-word well I'm sure they were so
offended by him using the n-word which
he didn't that they that's why they
started punching him in the face and
then pretended that he was
punching them yeah so and and this story
on what happened has changed from that
Makapuu did the punching a great number
of times first he said he was trying to
bear hug me then he said he continued to
physically struggle then he got changed
to he was worried about his aggressive
demeanor and worried that he was going
to attack him so that's why he needed to
be punched in the face a bunch of times
that's when he realized
oops there's video yeah you go and his
boss is so far completely supporting the
cop you're saying that that was right so
think about if you live in Orange County
they believe that it's proper policing
let's see this is the fundamental
problem I have with police in it last
night I had a one-on-one with Jason
Whitlock and and he talked about how
well you know these politicians they
don't they don't really want to have to
be spending this money on police abuse
settlements and I'm going yeah but
they're continuing the reality is is
that police officers consistently lie
they know that DA's grand juries in
juries give them the benefit of the
doubt in nearly every case so they say
we can lie with impunity and I'll
continue to say what should happen is if
a police officer lies in a report they
should be automatically fired that's
what happened in the qua McDonald case
with Jason van Dyke that's what happened
in the Walter Scott shooting and luckily
you had a video that actually disprove
that and this is why the likes of
Sheriff David Clarke and all of these
police shootings and others they are
silent when these cops live there
Chicago Tribune even did a story where a
judge in Chicago eight cops light on his
witness stand and the judge is sitting
there going ya'll are lying reported
them to the police accountability board
and there was no investigation and then
of Jeff Sessions in a trump goes to
Chicago and says all we need you know
the morale of police officers this is
why you have to have consent decrees
because they lie and they throw people
in jail they almost did they destroy
their lives using the authority of the
badge and gun and that is shameful and I
hope that that locale ends up having to
pay two three four five million
what they did to him with those cops lie
so I want you to understand other
important context this guy was
intoxicating he was in a car right so
you might be thinking well I mean look
that it was dangerous no it was a
parking lot he was sleeping he was not
driving so they just went to a guy who
was sleeping in his own car and not
driving because he was too intoxicated
it seemed that's why he was sleeping he
could have drove home but he didn't okay
he'd made the right decision okay this
is what happens why they turn off their
body cameras well they cut the case of
Sacramento hey cut the audio cut the
audio same thing I still say this said
again if a cops turn it turns a dashcam
off turns out body camera off turns the
audio off immediate firing yeah that's
what it should be because baby does need
to be a penalty for lying well in case
scenario generally is if they get fired
that's a one in a thousand chance they
move eight miles away and get hired lose
their peace officer license yeah yeah
and so and of course the cops have stuck
with the other cop always and and and to
roll another point so not only did they
beat the hell out of this guy and when
he was on the ground they continued to
punch him in the face but now they're
putting a felony resisting arrest charge
because I guess his face was resisting
their fists and if he's convicted of
that his life is ruined
yeah so they add literal insult to
injury yeah okay
yeah and there's a few that I just want
to read a couple other quotes because
what they presented was we we have a
dangerous job we go into the situation
this guy's being dangerous we had to
fight him then you see the reality and
you realize that in a lot of these
situations they they're so filled with
fear that the standard is below the
ground yes but it's worse than that
because this guy was not even
legitimately afraid look at a couple
quotes of this police officer so he said
during that conversation when syam asks
are you gonna shoot me he says no the
other chimes in I'd like to so they're
thinking about wanting to commit a vine
right but beyond even that in another
dashcam video from that morning deputies
can be heard talking and laughing about
recent fights with suspects that was a
good fight one chuckled and another
replied I got in another good one last
week so they are giving us no Ruiz
they are not driving around Orange
County late at night hoping to come
across someone that they can plausibly
beat the crap out of right the way you
cowards it's not it's not a fight it's
just you assaulting someone because you
not only do you have a gun but you have
a badge the badge is actually more
important than the gun because that
means you can murder someone and get
away with it there you go and then you
beat the living crap out of someone and
think you're a tough guy cuz you were
won the fight if they dared to throw a
punch back at you your daily life would
be ruined and may be ended immediately
and see anything is the cops also know
the game I'd go I I see it here and I go
back to Sandra bland when she came out
of that parking lot in a copy to u-turn
if you watch that video she did
absolutely nothing wrong
then when he pulled it over put the
cigarette out yeah it's not against the
law and but he knew she was agitated and
he kept pushing and pushing and then
when he said get out of the car
cuz the law says that even if the cop is
wrong you are to obey even an unlawful
command and if you say no that's what
they say you disobeyed a lawful command
now I can arrest you and they captured
her on the dashcam trying to figure out
in the car what the charger with all was
he was going through with his supervisor
and that's what these cops do and
luckily I know people say well dash cams
and body cams they aren't perfect but
because of this we now are catching
these cops in Baltimore planning drugs
the guy in Michigan who planted drugs on
a black guy had to raise taxes in the
town of pay for the settlement now
because of that we're seeing it but as
long as you keep allowing them to keep
their peace of license and don't force
him to pay for these sell them as
themselves they're gonna keep doing it
so let me add just a couple quick things
to that two rolls point about lying this
cop said that he was that what you just
saw was quote an assistant fall he said
he was that he was trying to slow down
the guys fall Wow okay what oh wait this
is what I saw
yeah that's slowing down somebody's fall
apparently Wow okay and we
just saw the video with us right he said
I helped him fall to the ground that he
soften the fall no you did help him fall
to the ground right by pausing in the
face several laying him down yeah yeah
yeah okay
and then do they know that the cameras
are on there yeah but they know they can
lie a lot of times look there was a guy
in Connecticut guy he says Gill your
knees the guy's going to his knees hands
up the cops the country kicks them in
his head knocks him unconscious goes to
trial not guilty yeah yeah well in with
laQuan McDonald he still was saying like
even once the jury door he's seen the
tape many times he was still saying yeah
yeah look at him I was afraid he was
gonna kill me look at him what does that
mean last thing guys is a guide you know
cops lying when the only charges
resisting arrest
well what was he getting arrested for
this place nothing like what you see
click this subscribe button below and
don't forget to ring the bell to never
miss another video from the Young Turks
