Donald Trump wants Omarosa arrested
that's one of the latest updates to this
whole Omarosa secret tape secret
recording debacle and scandal now I'm
gonna get to where and when Donald
Trump's made those statements but before
I get to that I just want to note that
Omarosa is slowly but surely leaking
more and more and more of these tapes to
the press the recent example was on
MSNBC on Craig Melvin show and this tape
is actually in my in my opinion one of
the more important tapes because it
corroborates what she had alleged
regarding the Trump administration
trying to give her some vague nonsense
job pay her a lot of money to do that
job after she got fired of course in
order to hush her up just to ensure that
she wouldn't say anything negative about
Donald Trump following her firing so
what you're about to hear is Omarosa on
the phone with Laura Trump who's married
to Eric Trump and Laura Trump is
essentially offering this position to
her directly
and I think we can work something out
where we keep you right along those
lines
specifically only state haven't even up
the numbers but we're talking about like
15k a month see what that adds up to 212
yes that's underneath a thousand does
that sound like a fair deal for you in
terms of your position specifically I
really feel like your position would
require you know you to be able to be
flexible in terms of where you are
sometimes you know come to New York for
occasional meetings but I would love if
you could you know occasionally go to
speaking engagements sort of thing for
us I think you'd be awesome doing that
and so it doesn't really matter where
you are if you're comfortable singing BC
so she would essentially get this weird
vague job working for the campaign
Trump's reelection campaign they pay her
fifteen thousand dollars a month but
it's very clear what this job is really
about it's you know Laura Trump starts
off that conversation with hey you know
this New York Times Maggie Haberman
article makes it seem like you got some
dirt in your back pocket and you know if
you work with our campaign we can't have
that in this job super flexible you know
it's it's it's clear what was going on
there yeah I mean look if you're a Trump
person you don't believe in reality so I
but for everyone else that's the
clearest thing you've ever heard in your
life it's a hundred and eighty thousand
dollars a year to shut up it's you've
got something in your back pocket and we
and obviously we can't have that and
that's why we're paying you I'm by the
way there's there's three parts of this
story one that I think some people are
focusing on I don't think is that big a
deal the other two I think are big so
they're like oh it's it's a deal to get
her to stay quiet in Washington
unfortunately think they make those
deals all the time okay and I don't
think that's just particularly Trump I
think a lot of both parties do it I know
that the mainstream press will be
outraged by that charge but but I think
that that is fairly regular course of
business now on the other hand that does
confirm that Omarosa
have something on them because they're
not gonna offer that money on
speculation like on Omarosa bluffing
exactly
Trump has to authorize that Trump has to
tell Lara hey your trusted family go
talk to amorosa offer the $180,000
because he's got something in her back
pocket and it's true so all that talk
about like oh no no no no I didn't say
anything bad around all Mercer I'm gonna
get to Trump's comment in a second so
that's part two in response to this and
then part three is if you're donating to
Donald Trump and you're one of those
small donors though they were talking
about they're using your money for hush
money and they told her you don't bail
you have to do anything a couple of
speaking engagements coming to New York
every once a while that's it 18,000
dollars a year to do almost nothing
that's crazy I didn't think about it
that way yeah and it had Trump's money
it isn't the Republican Party's money at
the end of the day it's your money if
you're a Republican donor and if you're
Sheldon Adelson and they robbed you I
don't care at all okay you probably
don't care right but if you have a small
dollar donation to the Republican Party
or as a Donald Trump this is what
they're using it for geez okay
and now finally to the Trump quote
apparently according to Sam Nunn Berger
former Trump aide he Trump sees Omarosa
it's a formidable enemy he does he does
and the rods he sees her as an enemies
because she's using his tactics against
him yeah right she knows him well she's
known him for over 15 years obviously
she has numerous tapes to you know prove
what she claims in her book there is
something I have issues with Omarosa
however there is something very
refreshing about a black woman doing
this to him hmm right and then also look
this is the part that I consider the
most troubling out of all of this right
so we know that Trump wants to retaliate
against those who criticized him who
speak out against him revoking John
Brennan's security clearance was an
example of that but according to
reporting in Vanity
Ayer Trump wants Omarosa arrested
because of what's going on which is this
is unacceptable
so Trump told advisors that he wants
Attorney General Jeff Sessions to have
Manigault Newman arrested another
Republican recounted how over the
weekend Trump derailed a midterm
election strategy session to rant about
her betrayal in an effort to change the
narrative the White House announced
yesterday the Trump had revoked former
CIA director John Brennan security
clearance so that was done not just to
retaliate but according to this
reporting possibly to distract people
but then that story became a scandal I
mean this guy is is not smart but also
dangerous when it comes to you know what
he wants to do to those who speak out
against him two things about that one I
mean considering her formidable enemy it
makes sense if you're a reality show
star which is what Donald Trump is if
you were a serious person you'd be
concerned about kim jeong-hoon
or Vladimir Putin or Bashar al-assad if
you're a non serious person you think
like who a Moroso might beat me in the
ratings she's a formidable enemy okay
point two I said unbelievable as Anna
was saying that they're considering
arresting her but to be fair to me uh
I'm the one who said they would right
and so I guess it is believable I said
they would start arresting their
political opponents and people were like
oh you're crazy don't wait no they're
natural-born fascists and just in the
last week alone his allies like Jerry
Falwell Jr I've said that Comey should
be arrested Obama and Hillary Clinton
should be arrested and even Attorney
General Jeff Sessions should be arrested
okay his own attorney general who he now
Trump now wants arrest
Omarosa so apparently anyone who
disagrees with Trump there's somebody
judge Perot talking about similar things
on I can't believe I called her a judge
anyway on Fox News so no no these people
they couldn't wait to be fascist and
Trump has given them permission right oh
now we start rounding people up now look
if you don't talk about hey um roses
these tapes so someone who might have
been in this
raishin room and is that a national
security issue I think that's a fair
question
and you could have a debate over that if
the government says hey those tapes in
particular I have an issue with okay
great
arrest her arrest her for what what's
the crime name a crime what are we
arresting her for we're arresting her
does Trump doesn't like her I mean they
haven't done it yet but thisis solid
reporting from inside the White House
saying Trump wants to do it
natural-born fascist too easy wasteful
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a t YT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
