hey police officers stop doing this so a
bunch of you sent this to me in the big
tent Democratic coalition group and it
made me so mad that I had to cover the
whole video here you have an unruly cop
body slamming and arresting a kid for
calling my mother as he was leaving the
store peacefully now this is exactly the
kind of minor altercation people get
into every day with police officers here
you have a young guy getting the cops
called on him for riding a hoverboard
inside of a store and as he's leaving
the store he's talking because he's
obviously pissed off at this cop
pursuing him they wanted me to leave
Walmart cuz I was riding my hoverboard
right I'm leaving Walmart now they ex
corde me especially just got here
he's the dickhead and of course our
small town tyrant is not about to be
talked down to especially not by some
unruly kids so first he hits him with
the you probably have a record routine
wonder why he thought this kid had a
record hmm who I don't got no criminal
record like I'm really gonna give you my
name nope that didn't work then he tries
the you're walking the wrong way line is
if there's only one way to leave a
freaking Walmart bag stop following me
now keep in mind that at this point the
cop is visibly annoyed that this other
person isn't cowering in fear why you
still follow me why you still touching
right here why are you touching me
exactly there we go you don't have the
right to put your hands on a person this
way just because they don't respect you
the subject hasn't done anything wrong
he's not a threat to anyone
he's compliant annoyed shore but
compliant this is precisely the problem
and then the cop arrest the kid
violently for calling him a motherfucker
what was he supposed to do is he
supposed to take it quietly as he's
being harassed by a man who was using a
badge to do whatever he wants
what is he supposed to do when you put
your hands on him this isn't just the
race issue either by the way this is an
issue that impacts all of us we need
more accountability we need better
practices and we need to ask bad cops
stop getting in the way of that
happening now here's the thing
thankfully the police didn't escalate
this altercation even further and end up
killing this young man although we've
sir
only seen that happen all too often and
unfortunately that is the painfully low
bar we've set here in the United States
but statistically this is a much more
common interaction reflecting the
everyday experience citizens have with
police officers and it is precisely why
cops aren't well-liked it's not the body
cams it's not anything else it's the
fact that police officers think they are
above the law when they are not they're
supposed to be upholding the law I'm a
swamp Uyghur and if this video has made
you as angry as it made me please share
it with your friends and don't forget to
leave your thoughts in the comment
section below if you want the longer
version of this video check out my
twitch at twitch TV slash hasta nabi and
don't forget to download the TYT app for
more videos like this and this has been
the breakdown want to see more videos
like this well then subscribe to the T
y2 channel below also don't forget to
become a TYT member you can get access
for as little as $4.99 a month also
download the TYT Plus app on your phone
or head over to T y-t-dot-com slash join
today
