Android users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more you may
have heard some strange stories of
people looking for jobs and getting
rejected this one is just I've never
heard one quite like this
her Misha Robinson was looking for a job
at a health company and she thought she
was well-qualified but then she posted
the rejection letter she says she got
here it is from mentality health it says
thank you for your interest in careers
at mentality health unfortunately we do
not consider candidates that have
suggestive ghetto names I can't believe
this we wish the best in your career
search she says my feelings are very
hurt and they even got me
second-guessing my name trying to figure
out if my name is really that ghetto I
would like for everyone to share this
post because discrimination has to stop
but this is what she got I mean you got
to look at this and be like what that
what's going on I but what's incredible
to me is like how brazen that guy was in
his email right in the rejection letter
and how he just clearly openly said
ghetto like yeah I'm is ghetto it's an
eye and he signed off on that he thought
that was a good idea but how was her
name ghetto I don't know he's her name's
her Misha Robinson here's what here's
what the person from the company said
Kevin Marais the owner of the company
told KSDK that the company believes a
former employee is behind the email and
has since filed police reports to st.
Louis County Chesterfield in the state
which are all places where he believes
the hacking may have originally so they
say that they got hacked but like
there's always I mean look who knows
maybe he's telling the truth but I feel
like that's the go-to excuse like I got
hacked
I'm sorry somebody said that sends out a
terrible tweet I'm sorry I got hacked
you know as soon as that's what Anthony
Weiner said I got hacked do Ted Cruz say
that like something he would say yeah
but Anthony Weiner definitely said that
and it turned out he did not get right
someone else door Nisha
Zachary said she got the same email from
the company so there are two
explanations one is that there is a
company representative who is just a
total jerk racist piece of garbage and
the other is that there's a disgruntled
employee doing this but this is a story
you may have seen and that is the full
story on on what happened but yeah it's
it's crazy because there have been
studies showing that there is
discrimination based on people's names
and so one of the studies if I remember
it correctly had to do with resumes so
you would have two resumes they would be
exactly the same with the exception of
the name on the resume and the study
found that resumes that did not have
so-called black sounding names were much
more likely to get the candidate hired
right and Latino names - oh and Latino
names - uh that study was super
interesting because they did control for
everything else again it was the same
resume with the exception of the name
and so like what do you do in those
situations right if you're a parent
who's about to name your kid like you
have to actually consider these things
and it sucks two easy ways follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
