when you become a TYT member not only do
you get exclusive content you become a
part of our family
click the link in the description box
below to join the home of progressives
Senator Carl Harris has a new proposal
that aims to dramatically reduce poverty
in America it's called the lift Act and
it effectively works out to a tax credit
aimed at poor working-class and
middle-class Americans the bill would
offer a sizeable cash payment to most
middle-class households single people
would get two hundred and fifty dollars
per month or $3,000 per year married
couples would get twice that it seems
reasonable and it would phase out for
singles without kids making fifty
thousand or more per year or married
couples or single people with kids
making $100,000 or more and overall that
actually works out to a lot of money
being distributed per year would cost
about two hundred billion dollars in its
first year or two trillion dollars over
ten years which just for comparison for
national media is about what those tax
cuts there were so Callas casually
passed earlier this year ended up
costing and in terms of its ability to
help lift some of these people out of
poverty the Center on Budget and Policy
Priorities estimates that it would lift
9 million people out of poverty Harris's
office claims 80 million total Americans
would benefit in some way now there are
also some criticisms of this bill people
wishing that it went further or was
structured in a different way but it is
interesting and as as has been pointed
out this is effectively the closest any
of the likely 2020 contenders has come
to a bill that approximates the effect
of something like universal basic income
yes so I have to confess that I was
being anything that people are gonna
outlive me and as I was looking at this
I thought this might be to the left of
me because I've never really quite the
universal basic income I I did I am NOT
settled on it let's put it that way
ok cuz it does cost a tremendous amount
of money and there is at some point some
accountability it doesn't mean that I
agree with the Republican priorities but
the more I looked into this and this is
not Universal income but but if you know
a better facsimile of it ok
the more you look at the facts though
the more convincing it becomes so
there's two sets of facts that are
important one is the fact that it would
have in America it would benefit 80
million Americans so already I like that
because that's a lot better than the
Republican tax cuts that benefited about
80 people ah the very richest people in
the country got enormous tax cuts it
would lift nine million people out of
poverty so that's a pretty good starting
point and then but to me what was more
convincing was the example of others
that had tried something similar a
recent randomized trial conducted in New
York City found that increasing what is
very similar the Earned Income Tax
Credit but it's a two thousand dollars
for single people substantially reduced
deep poverty and encouraged employment
so now we're increasing employment and
were lifting people out of poverty and
all you got to do is replace the
Republican tax cuts well alright then
I'm in so sounds pretty good well first
of all let's also look at this thing
from a historical standpoint when you
look at the 1960s Republicans often
criticize the war on poverty but the
reality is the book Nixon land lays out
that we were dramatically lowering
poverty but what happened was
middle-class White's begin to say oh
wait a minute why is people taking our
money as if and what they were actually
saying was while these poor black people
taking our money but they obviously
can't read because most broke folks in
America are white and so they they won't
have a deal with that people also law
dr. King and talk about dr. King but
there's a book called the guaranteed
income next step in socio-economic
evolution by Robert Theobald he based
his premise of the figurin seed income
based upon this book in talking with
many of his aides this was a major part
of his focus between 1963 and 68 it's a
notion of a guaranteed income and
unfortunately you had an example in
Alabama two governors ago where the
governor who actually used Jesus as the
model that he said it made no sense in
Alabama they begin to tax people
beginning at four to six hundred dollars
he said wait this is stupid why are we
taxing people at for six hundred dollars
and so he was a social conservative he
used Jesus as the model any business
community said makes sense
in law's 65 to 35 percent because guess
who said damn Jesus I want my checkbook
white conservative evangelicals they
voted it down and he was you and he was
beloved by them and use Jesus as the
motto they said oh no we don't care and
so that's part of the problem I think
you have here when you have all these
white conservative evangelicals who say
they love Jesus well they love babe it
means more than they love Jesus yeah and
it is unless you have a point the
criticisms which might maybe reassure
some of those conservatives in this so
one of the major criticisms of this plan
is where as a universal basic income is
a check that is given to a person this
is a tax credit which means that to earn
the three thousand dollars in less taxes
you have to pay $3,000 in taxes
effectively or at least earn $3,000
which means that if you don't earn any
money and there are a significant number
of Americans that for a number of
different reasons including disability
literally can't work and thus are
nothing this program the way it's set up
right now actually would not benefit but
as our not just disability part of the
problem when see I think when when those
of us who make money people go oh I
don't understand what the big deal is
but if you take even when you look at
the welfare requirements there were
women who said I would love to work but
how much day care cost yeah now I don't
have any kids I didn't have to deal with
day care until my wife when I begin to
raise my my twin nieces I'm sitting
there going and they care two grand a
month if that's not part of your life
you don't think about that and both of
those who do have the means they don't
understand that and so they were women
who were saying wait a minute I would
love to go to work but you're making me
work and I want to work but you're not
covering enough to pay for the daycare
and the transportation see those are all
things that we don't like to talk about
in this country because frankly policy
makers don't actually have conversations
with the working poor well and I'm glad
that you brought that up because that's
the second biggest criticism is that for
the large group of people who are
sometimes single but not always parents
with kids that need this sort of help
they're in exactly a situation where
they they can't work because they have
the kids and they can't afford to pay
for the daycare that would allow them
to then work and so people have
criticized this is saying you could have
a program you could either replace this
or supplement it with something that
provides help specifically without
strings to people with kids because a
great percentage of the poor in America
are poor children actually and so that
that's some things that could
potentially be worked into this
obviously as long as we have Donald
Trump it's not gonna pass anyway but I'm
glad that it's out there at least as a
conversation starter because this is the
sort of this is the sort of evolution I
think of the social safety net that
takes into account that it is no longer
just the elderly that need help or some
right that there's so many people that
desperately need help and something like
this perhaps perhaps formulated
differently could be good but I want her
to do something I want Santa Carla
Harris not to take this proposal and go
and announce it at some university or
before some public policy group I want
her to go discuss it with broke white
people the reason I'm the reason I'm
saying that is because media has has
played a critical role in presenting
this notion of poverty as a black thing
or brown thing and the reality if people
forget President Johnson when he lost
the war on poverty he went to Appalachia
he went to West Virginia he went there
and I can tell you when President Obama
what was their eyes told him directly
dude you keep going these suburban
counties talk about the Ford but Care
Act no go to the brokest sickest County
in Mississippi and Alabama and look
those white folks in the eye and say I
passed his act because of you and you
should be asking that Cochran and asking
Jeff Sessions and asking David Vitter
why they're against this when y'all are
some of the sickest brokers people in
America and in all of whatever reason
and I think the problem is we don't
actually want to say broke white people
will talk about poor African Americans
poor Latinos but is if we put on a lot
why are you mentioning that because
there are more broke white people in
America than any other group well I
think that that's incredibly
consequential because since we don't
identify it there are tons of Americans
white Americans on food stamps that by
far the vast majority of people on food
stamps are white who use food stamps and
other programs
like it while at the same time hating
the welfare state because they don't
think of themselves as being part of the
interstate for the last 30 years they
thought of as the onliest people that
look dissimilar from them and that goes
to rolls point because that's what the
media reinforces so they think well
that's not me I saw it on TV it's that
other guy right and and by the way
Rowland's absolutely right it wasn't
just a Linda Johnson Bobby Kennedy did
the same thing it was incredibly popular
you went to Appalachia you went talked
to the poorest white people in the
country and and so I want to tell you
two more things about this real quick I
look on the one hand I get people saying
hey look the poor aren't covered enough
it's and and you have to be working it
you have to make at least 3,000 to get
3,000 go to me but 3,000 a year not a
month okay so it's not a very high
standard and it gets starts to get
phased out once you start making 30,000
fully phased out by the time you're
making 50,000 so it does not go to the
rich etc right so I get that some of the
downsides of it but overall you're like
will dive into that policy when it comes
time right to pass the legislation right
now you should be applauding all the
different efforts sherrod Brown and
Michael Bennett have a good effort
Kamala Harris with a really great
proposal here Bernie Sanders others have
proposed similar legislation but today
Kamala Harris should get a lot of credit
for this proposal I want to leave you
with two other facts that really swung
me on this in in a 1999 Tony Blair's
government of all things in the Labor
Party back when they were actually doing
things that were related to the Labor
Party as opposed to invading Iraq anyway
so they had some good sizes and bad
things but this one the good things they
did a very similar legislation and it
cut the absolute child poverty rate in a
decade to half oops that again to half
okay so now that's that's not a small
thing to cut the child poverty rate in
your country by half that's a gigantic
achievement okay and then one last one
one study found that a three thousand
annual income increase for poor parents
and which is what this would be is
associated with 19 percent higher
earnings for the kids once they grow up
so think about not only that how much
that helps those kids but how much it
helps the economy imagine it's gonna
80 million people imagine all those kids
that have that are making 19 percent
more when they're grown up
that's circles that circulates in the
economy and all boats rise sustained
that's right this is how you do it this
isn't you don't do trickle-down I'll
give it the richest little rich right
and hope they build yachts with it and
one of you one or two of you can build
that yacht now you give it to 80 million
people and all their kids wind up doing
much much better as well as themselves
and all that money is put back into the
economy
immediately and in the future but what
if these people just you know parking a
bank counting Cayman Islands
oh good point I hadn't thought about
that that would help to go there go that
damn plan on the go don't worry we got
you covered
you still listen to TYT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
the Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
