did you see the CBS News editorial that
came out I believe yesterday might even
early this morning
it's Alexandria castor Cortez is the new
Sarah Palin oh god damn it
what was that in and what is CBS news I
think no no look that is a topic I want
to discuss because the propaganda I'm
telling you by the mainstream media is
impressive I mean it's you know it's an
op-ed they some of the wrestling in but
no so here's what though and it they aid
and abet the right-wing smears so what
is the right-wing do okay they take
things that are tiny little things and
they blow them up into these giant
scandals so-called scandals or
controversies or Foe posit center so one
of them was in an answer and the one
that they consider like the most
significant she paused in in answering
the question about Palestine right and
okay fine she paused a little bit whew
Wow okay have you ever seen the Herman
Cain answer on Libya yeah maybe yeah
right okay so have you ever seen Donald
Trump answer anything period right or
George W Bush sovereignty sovereignty
anyway she then went on to say that
Palestine was occupied because it's
occupied understand how is that a
controversy so they make things into
controversies that are controversies
they're trying to imply that she
believes that there is a an
internationally recognized universally
State of Palestine that is being
occupied I don't believe there's any
reason to believe if that's what you
guys are both I mean I get why you'd be
outraged by it because if you're not
implying that then what what
philosophically that she said was
actually inferences politics I it's
disingenuous but the fact of the matter
is it makes it seem like she's
anti-israel that's the whole point the
whole point is that she's not
progressives are to be trusted and she's
not to be trusted because that's an
anti-israel thing to say because even
the most you know even the most
prominent progressive in the country
Bernie Sanders probably wouldn't use
that language
no no not remotely true Bernie Sanders
of course says that the Palestinians are
occupied oh good because their argument
so no no it's that that's what I'm
saying it's a fake fake fake country but
I will create you this pen and what
amusing George Sanders uses the phrase
Israel's occupation of Palestine
I doubt would be shocked if he did I
would be surprised to be good but I
don't know I don't know I'm saying there
are ways to make that point that most
politicians oh it's so it's exactly what
I'm mad drives me crazy so for those of
you unfamiliar with this I have a quote
insane debate all right here John and
then I'll tell you the context of the
debate this comes from an April
intercept article where Sanders is
quoted as saying I understand that the
Netanyahu government is trying to make
this all about Hamas in order to
delegitimize any opposition to the
blockade and the occupation of course I
got it so but you're not right look let
me explain let me explain yeah so I just
read a really long an interesting
article from back when they were having
Democratic party platform debate in 2016
and the Democrats the Bernie Sanders
wing and that's why I knew that he used
the words insisted that they put
occupation into the platform saying that
hey we should be against the occupation
of of the Palestinians and work towards
a two-state solution that was previously
totally non controversial but the
Hillary Clinton wing absolutely insisted
that the word occupation not be used now
that's not Republicans that's Democrats
and that's mental it's mental but but
yes it's look in that case I'm sorry but
it's the donors but and and the donors
say don't use it and what do they do
they sent in and this was interesting
and you should read that story an
alternate I wish I had the name of it
I'll try to find it for you later in the
program as we do this live right they
use african-americans that were in the
Democratic Party to defeat the proposal
people like Bakari sellers and it turns
out and I had no idea AIPAC has been
fostering African American Democrats and
supporting them throughout the country
for moments like this where and it was
Cornel West who proposed it for Bernie
Sanders and and they all they asked for
was to recognize the dignity of the
Palestinians living under
occupation it was not a big ask there
was that nothing like like in the old
days the word Zionism is a little
controversial apartheid is their
controversial BDS is controversial it
was none of that it was just what we
used to always say occupied now they've
made that into some sort of fake debate
I think you know there was referred to
through all of our lifetime as the
occupied territories right so yeah I'm
not are you I'm not arguing any of that
I am saying that as you will acknowledge
I think that when you were talking about
it if you were going to be on the
national stage and I'm sure she's keenly
aware of this especially after that
interview you just have to be careful
and the literal phrasing Israel's
occupation of Palestine is a phraseology
which I don't think even and he didn't
use it there I'm not saying we wouldn't
be able to find it but what Bernie said
there is is not the same as saying is
real shock you should say she should say
it a thousand times
because it's Israel's occupation of
Palestine is going to alert the alert a
degree of response from people defending
Israel that is what is Bernie's quote
Bernie's quote was about Hamas in order
to delegitimize any opposition to the
blockade and the occupation cuz it's
what you've struggled with in my mind
for it's 16 years is the difference
between saying something and rounding
the edge like you want to drop off the
cliff sure you drop off the cliff of
people see people drop off the cliff of
things going off the cliff excuse me
that guys fall off the cliff as opposed
to a guys a rounded careful way to say
the same thing it's largely what power I
do okay then then listen and try at
least you may fail you mean you may
disagree but saying the phrase
the Israeli occupation of Palestine one
makes Palestine in a country right which
irritate people but okay all right all
right and that they are a foreign force
in a country the way the Nazis okay at
least now see what you're saying that's
really the extent of what I'm saying as
opposed to say
the occupied territories or what Bernie
said what was brilliant of Bernie's
quote he just referred to that one quote
but remember Bernie Sanders yeah push
for the Democratic platform to recognize
that there was an occupation right and I
would have pushed for that Democratic
platform also yeah I know if she had
said the Israeli occupation of the
Palestinian territories if she'd said I
think it's important to the Israel leave
the occupied territories I'm saying it
is a is it is it is a clumsy entry into
that so can I just say planing like why
people are upset about it I guess in
today's white people are upset about it
I don't care I think the people are
upset about it or wrong and I think the
people upset about it or just in genuine
I am saying that phraseology on subjects
like that for a skilled politician going
forward makes a big difference yeah I
don't want to steal publish it I don't
want some robot I was like Oh nonsense
man if you know what it is it's a
goddamn occupation call it what it is
okay it is it is who's occupying them
Norway Israel's occupying them this is
really occupation of Palestine that's
exactly what it is why would I change my
words to appeal to some right-wing
zealot I don't think it's do you know I
don't think it's appealing to a
right-wing zel and also I think it is at
times showing a careful regard and a for
Israel for for Jews who will be on your
side no I don't have no problem argue
with you because I know you're wrong
when you just suggest that the only that
I don't want polish of course you don't
want polish you also don't want
stumbling and I don't want her to have
to have stories like this eight percent
of what she says 100 percent of what she
says is so vital and necessary but
that's actually that goes to the heart
of the story which is much more
important in this particular really
weird debate about words around
occupation
so a and by the way the just real quick
to end that my perspective on that at
least is you know you could prevent the
occupation by not occupy them so Israel
could solve that whole problem of
phraseology if they stopped occupying
them which they are million per second
occupying what that would be that what
are you a cue pie Palestine right but
the hell is Stein I in case you weren't
clear and shank not if that offends you
stop occupying them not if they stopped
occupying them if they stop the
occupation okay whatever I'm trying to
understand what you're saying I'm not
necessarily getting it but I'm not
saying sure I'm not explaining I'm not
saying you're the devil I will leave it
to people that tweeted me and then I'll
read the tweets look the heart of the
issue is that if you nitpick anyone you
could pretend that it was a slip-up to
say occupied versus occupation or
whichever one you were supposed to say
I've already forgotten okay and then you
could say oh it's and and I literally
like the different things
it's so-called scandals that they have
invented for her and we covered one on
the show where Fox News said they it was
they went to a rally the she attended
with cory bush and it was scary because
they were saying that they were gonna it
was because it was seductive because
they were saying they were actually
gonna give health care for your family
what have we that's a scandal that's not
a scandal that's our position
and in fact you're admitting that you
liked your position and hence it was
seductive right and i can't keep track
of the fake nonsense ridiculous non
scandals but what does it do it creates
an impression of like oh she's troubled
i don't know and then some ass writes a
so-called editorial i on CBS which CBS
is super happy to write right if i took
it was a publish it he's a conservative
columnist for the boston herald so
murdoch paper he's a conservative column
right now CBS if i write an article
about how unbelievably stupid louie
gohmert is are you gonna publish it cuz
louis gomer it's one of the dumbest guys
in the country are you gonna publish it
no you're not no you're not because you
say oh whoa whoa that's a republican
congressman this progressive that's a
radical that that is uncouth and
uncivilized
but you allow a conservatory article and
that furthers all this now that the the
last thing that it connects all this is
look at the right-wing privilege ben
shapiro says I'd like to debate
Alexander Costa Cortez I'm gonna be for
ten thousand those now on Fox News
there's three other conservatives some
soap opera star or something an old rock
band person whatever right and they're
all like I love with a debater I'm gonna
deviator everybody's covering I'll show
you won't debate them so you want to
meet them okay I'll debate Ted Cruz I
said for ten thousand those nobody
covers it why it's not because of me or
Ben Shapiro or the whoever the hell was
on fire his own selves right Candice
Owens right because the idea is well the
right wing all the right wing the right
wing so somehow she owes them and then
they do the smear job on her day after
day after day and then we have debates
about it and now they have one because
it isn't an answer it's in the question
so if we're having a debate as to
whether she is not apology like not a
savvy politician I'll just phrase it
that way
well okay then they've already won in
the framing and it's horse just I just
Jake so I just you know as always you
have a very good point and lost in the
details is hinders the point the
question that she was asked was was your
position on Israel during the question
about foreign policy that seems like a
fair question yeah no no that's not a
gotcha question perfectly fair question
so then when she got to the point where
she was doing better than 59% of every
first term congressman baby 69% of all
Congress people right so I got no beef
with that I don't think that interview
was horrible but when she said in a
world like Peter struck where obviously
you should be able to computer struck
whereas you'd be able to send you can
vote in an election you can send text
messages to your friends and if whether
the friends you're sleeping with their
friends you're not sleeping with but
even supporters would be like you have a
now they've been subpoenaed and now
you've stepped in it even though in a
just world we should be like hey their
text messages who gives a crap right so
she said beginning of an answer I also
think she talked about the geopolitics
of it and Israel's right to exist
and then started talking about the
Palestinians that are concerned for
Palestinians and then no issue and then
the issue if there is one and it
shouldn't be I'm agreeing with it but
yes I also think that what people are
starting to see is that at least in the
occupation of Palestine is just an
increasing crisis of humanitarian
conditions and so then the interviewer
the former George Bush aide of course
asked her to clarify she paused and
answered I think what is meant is the
settlements are increasing in some of
these areas in places where Palestinians
are experiencing difficulty and access
to their housing and homes and so I
would argue that even she knew that the
second that no one could possibly argue
with the second answer it's in fact it's
arguably too benign right in fact then
that argument is made by the left-wing
that now says that answer was not
sufficiently occupied right
it is a difficult issue very I don't
mean it's overly complicated it's not
that complicated get out of the
settlements give that to that's
Palestine wall if you want but we're
done right you know so but given the
politics of it as nature of this
conversation I am merely arguing if I
were a adviser to her I'm like hey this
is tricky the specific language on these
things matter if you want to avoid
having to dig out of a hole that you
shouldn't have to dig out of but but the
whole point is we're trying to win
that's it I got you and look your points
are not unfair but the problem is that I
I don't want to acknowledge that this is
an actual issue I hate that were that
everyone pretends that like like
unpolished speech look at all the
president is look at who the president
is look and I'll give you another
example that is more equivalent right
because it you had a Republican
congressman Donald Florida and and I
don't want to say the name because I'm
not positive was from a couple years
back and they asked him about the
minimum wage and should the minimum wage
should be hired and he's like now why
don't they work for a living well if
they're getting paid a minimum wage by
definition they are working for a living
that's an incredibly dumb thing to say
but was there giant scandals and etc and
fun and people offering debates and how
dare he
he's so stupid and what a dumb dumb guy
no because he was an older white male
Republican in this country is this man
does this matter on a baby the topic was
universal basic income and he was just
ahead of the curve and and by the way
the mainstream media doesn't call out
things that are also that are way more
over-the-top louie gohmert
and in ben and i covered it on the air
together did a speech about how obama
was reconstituting the ottoman empire
and that was gonna and he was going to
that was somehow i'm going to take over
now that is a bona fide lunatic should
be in an insane asylum in a white jacket
okay Obama was reconstituting the
Ottoman Empire and we're having a
conversation whether Alexander or Kasich
or Ted said occupation are occupied the
occupied territories are Palestine
that's the conversation we're having
and then there's editorials on CBS about
how she might be like Sarah Palin who
has never read a newspaper in her life
who couldn't name a newspaper come on
we're all manufactured know as is an
argument of that that the tax cuts for
the richest people and then a secret tax
cuts for the banks that that's all hey
man this is this is how businessmen do
business and all most of many of these
businessmen went to college or and
certainly their parents did went to
college for free like and the notion
that college should be free now is
somehow radical the notion that health
care should be free when almost every
other civilized country in the Western
world offers it for free but somehow
that that is radical and what Donald
Trump is proposing and that what all
these businessmen who are benefiting off
and corporates who are benefiting off
the tax cuts that the kind of America
they proposing hey man that's just
slightly right-of-center mainstream
American politics I think I mean your
your example was great about Louie
Gohmert I think you might be punching
even too low I mean there's higher
profile examples like I've got to for
Trump I mean we can come up with
hundreds but substantively if you
googled the worst debate answer in
history I did a video about his response
to a question from Hugh Hewitt about the
nuclear triad it does
mean anything it's like a parody of a
clueless response but he also learned
and more immediately there is good
reason to believe based on things that
went around the media today and Donald
Trump's on social media activity there's
good reason to believe that Donald Trump
eats paper and we're talking Angela
Cortez
he eats noti'm he didn't know what Nepal
and Bhutan were he thoughtful and and
button but he doesn't know what time
zones are how they work so is that true
yes that was felt it was also reported
he keeps calling up leaders in the
middle of the night they get frustrated
with him and Donald Trump doesn't
understand why it's an issue they keep
having to explain what a time zone is
you know in the story that we did about
that set of facts that came out right
about his lack of knowledge about
foreign policy we mentioned that he
thinks it's nipple and button but to be
fair he's he was joking when he said
button does he know how to pronounce it
that's okay yeah I don't think you know
this yeah with the dress and and we
didn't I forgot to explain in that story
what Ben just said which is that the
much more relevant thing is he didn't
know that they were countries he said
what is this thing between India and
Pakistan what do you mean what is this
thing what does that mean right like
what do you think it is it's separate
countries what else would it be on what
else could it be
right yeah you're looking at a macro
it's very clear yeah there are different
countries like what a weird thing and I
mean and we give him a thousand M and
you think the press is tough on him and
I get why you think that because they
you know they point out all they just
quote him I mean all you have to do is
quote him and just walk away I get it
but they're not tough enough
he thought Ireland was part of the
United Kingdom
if Alexandra Acacio Cortez had said
Ireland was part of the United Kingdom
they would have eviscerated her right
because the media respects the right
wing and they don't respect the left
wing
they just don't and you're totally right
that when she gives that interview that
their immediate response is haha thank
God something that now
we can call her especially as a 28 year
old woman of color even more so not just
a progressive but a 28 year old woman of
color like she look at this silly girl
silly girl on the national stage that
you know the stage that should be
dominated by white businessmen people
who know how things work and and so when
they perpetuate that right-wing smear
machine like they've got to at least be
cognizant that they're doing it and
they're not at all cognizant they're not
doing I don't think they're doing it on
purpose I just see her as having this it
is an enormous amount of pressure
because she has become the the bright
shining light she is the star so the
obligation suddenly that this 28-year
old newcomer the relative newcomer to
politics has is to she's got a whole
bunch of people that she's supposed to
that she needs to that I hope she can
pull up now and I think she can cuz I
think the responses now she's taken
largely the tactic that you're
suggesting right her responses to ben
shapiro on twitter those are excellent
you know there's no there's no tepid
miss there's no you know well it's not
very busy during the campaign a lot of
the time to debate you it's it but what
I'm sick about and when it is I've seen
this movie before they attack the
strongest person on your side and they
do it over and over and over and over
again until it becomes conventional
wisdom so eventually they're just it's
gonna be groupthink in Washington that
she's not bright which is so wrong by
the way if she wasn't so bright how the
hell did she beat the fourth most
powerful Democrat in the House and
beloved by the mainstream media beloved
by Washington the great Joe Crowley well
I guess he's a total moron that I guess
he's the dumbest guy in America right no
but you wouldn't say that about Joe
Crowley
