so it's 2018 and we have already started
with NFL protests oh boy wait we got
another conservative car ant guy huh
that's so that's what we're gonna do
today yeah so a lot of you requested
this both on my twitch and in the big
tent Democratic coalition group on
Facebook and see six million people
watch this Oakley wearing grunt force
dipshit spit on his iPhone let's break
it down this past week in the preseason
we saw multiple players for multiple
teams yet again disrespect our veterans
our men and women in police uniforms by
taking a need for the anthem Rosa Parks
wasn't protesting the bus and these
players aren't protesting the veterans
or the anthem guy they're protesting
police brutality also did you know that
a former Green Beret named Nate Boyer
suggested Kaepernick take a knee how are
you still this dense Graham
my first question wait wait where were
all of these people during the
offseasons the kind of guy who's like yo
Trump ended school shootings I think we
really haven't heard of any happening
recently
it's the summer buddy school is out and
it's the offseason oh that's right you
were nowhere you were too concerned
about your mansions and your parties and
your Lamborghinis and anything else of
self-indulgence
that you can think of Colin Kaepernick
donated a million dollars to help
underprivileged communities Patrick
Peterson was creating the foundation for
success to help low-income and
inner-city youth the big Beasley was
fighting childhood cancer LeBron built a
friggin public school these guys do a
lot of great things when the cameras are
off you obviously don't care enough to
check and you'll just lie to your
followers who want to feel better about
themselves when you decide to get off of
your sorry knee why don't you walk down
to your local police department and fill
out a job application what are you
suggesting
athletes quit their jobs to join the
police force because they're asking for
accountability why don't you join the
NFL before you try to criticize these
athletes then so you're stupid that's
domey boo splash
most of you wouldn't make it past the
first phase because unlike you and your
entire life that it's separated moral
character for the fact that you can run
fast and catch a ball good news flash
gram not all police officers have good
moral fiber
that's literally what these guys are
protesting after the first black lives
matter protest the DOJ probe found an
insane amount of corruption and racial
discrimination for example at the
Baltimore Police Department a florida
chief was caught ordering his officers
to just pin crimes on innocent black
people but go off do you have any idea
how hard it is to join the fire
department the police department but
especially the military definitely not
as hard as becoming a professional
athlete but yeah go on
because moral character is something
that actually matters I had some buddies
try to get into the police department
and admitted to smoking a joint once
five years ago and we're automatically
declined so your buddies are immoral
we're all immoral if we smoke weed what
are you saying also this is hilarious
because you're the poster boy for
anabolic steroid abuse and you still
sound like you're you're taking gold
pills left over from your second tour
but smoking a joint should disqualify
you from getting a job also speaking of
moral clauses around weed a mostly
decriminalized substance mind you the
NFL is notoriously strict with weed
literally nothing you've said has made a
shred of sense thus far most of you have
not not smoked a joint within the past
five minutes I can't tell if he's being
serious and he's trying to tell people
to not smoke weed what a what a weirdo
not to mention the fact that you make
millions of dollars in the greatest
country in the world because of 1.3
million veterans who have died to
protect your ability to play a game
making millions of dollars in the
greatest country in the world
first of all the 1.3 million number is
not the number of the Dead veterans it's
the number of active duty service
members during Iraq and Afghanistan and
also they didn't all die-- you freaking
moron also no one died to protect
anyone's right to throw a football they
died so the US could extract natural
resources from these regions and profit
off selling weapons to all sides in a
destabilized Middle East if you're gonna
act like you care about the military at
least get your facts straight dude and
listen to the protesters you might
actually learn something anyway I have
more to say on this but don't have
enough time so if you want to catch me
break it down a lot follow my twitch at
hasan hobby also if you saw this video
all over your feed be sure to share it
and leave your thoughts in the comment
section below and this has been the
breakdown did you know that tid network
is now available on youtubes new
streaming platform you too
TV get access to full TYT episodes and
exclusive shows by signing up for
YouTube TV today all new subscribers get
a seven day free trial so head on over
to YouTube TV and search for the TYT
Network Channel
