the Trump administration is attempting
to censor Omarosa Manigault Newman in a
panic and they're doing so through a
potential arbitration suit so Trump's
campaign has filed arbitration against
former White House aide Omarosa
Manigault Newman alleging that she
violated a nondisclosure agreement by
publishing a tell-all book
she's also releasing audio recording
secret audio recordings that she had
recorded while she was at the White
House and they don't like it because it
doesn't make the Trump administration
look particularly good but the question
of whether or not they can enforce an
NDAA is kind of up in the air because
we're talking about the government we're
not talking about a private business and
so do non-disclosure agreements hold any
weight are they binding in this scenario
legal analysts are kind of wishy-washy
and answering that question so we'll see
what happens with that but there are
newer audios audio tapes that have be
are being released now that I want to
get to all right real quick
clarification on that
Omarosa says she did sign Mandy a during
the campaign okay
but that confidentially a
confidentiality agreement during the
campaign but that she did not sign one
leaving the White House that they
offered her and this is interesting
$15,000 a month position which you know
considerable amount of money to go to
work on trumps to re-election campaign
so what I got out of that starting she
did not sign that okay what I got out of
that story is everyone on Trump's
reelection campaign has dirt on Donald
Trump that's they're the ones that have
you know maybe they were incompetent and
had to be moved out of the White House
maybe there were snakes I don't know
what they were but but they have some
sort of dirt on Donald Trump so they
moved all of that they move all of them
and pay them a ton of money that comes
from donors and from Republican small
donors as well and it's used to pay off
these people to stay quiet right and
look III I'm obviously no fan of arm
rose
I think she's just like Donald Trump I
got no use for her but I guess I mean
it's a little bit of credit that she
didn't take the payoff probably because
she thought she was gonna make more
money from the book etc but at least she
didn't take the payoff right so she had
previously said that she was gonna hold
off before releasing any more audio
because she was concerned that there
were some legal ramifications for what
she was doing but apparently that
thought was short-lived because today
she released some new audio now first I
want to give you some context there had
been accusations by Omarosa that Donald
Trump had used racial slurs and so she
had specifically claimed that there was
an attempt to spin the news if you know
news came out about Trump using racial
epithets now with that said Katrina
Pierson was part of that conversation
that's what Omarosa had alleged and so
Katrina Pierson who was part of Trump's
campaign started doing damage control
and denied everything in fact let's give
you an example of her on Fox News in the
book Omarosa says Katrina had heard from
her sources that the tape was of Trump
using the n-word someone she knew who
knew political strategists frank luntz
told her that lunch had heard it Lynne
as in Lynn Patton a longtime Trump aide
reported she asked Trump about it on the
plane specifically whether it was
possible such a tape might exist and he
said no then she Katrina asked him what
he wanted her to do and he said put it
to bed Katrina cursed and said he said
it did that happen
no and that did not happen it sounds
like she's writing a script for a movie
you know I've already been out there
talking about this that is absolutely
not true
so she denies it the conversation went
further let's watch the next video I
want to be clear you've been around the
president during the campaign since the
campaign since he was elected president
have you ever heard him use the n-word
any sort of racial slur yes absolutely
not
the answer is no in fact the president
and his family have been nothing but
kind generous and respectful to myself
and everyone else that I know of color
as I suspected all along
this tape does not exist Omarosa is just
desperate for money
so then Omarosa comes in and says look I
have receipts everything that I have
included in my book has evidence to back
it up and then she proceeded to share
that evidence on CBS this morning Patton
then described a conversation she had
with Van candidate Trump about making
the Trina Kirsten said he said it did
that happen
no and that did not happen it sounds
like she's writing a script for a movie
oops it turns out that's exactly what
happened so look I don't know do you all
know that everybody on TV is a liar and
I feel like it you know because the the
anchors they take the the political
people at face value and maybe because
it's just awkward and impolite to be
talking to someone and call them out to
be a liar but these Trump people I mean
and look it's not like the Democratic
politicians don't lie they lie all the
time right it's not like Obama
spokespeople don't lie now they're
treated as angels because of how
terrible the Trump people are right but
they weren't angels they also liked okay
but these Trump people are barred to a
whole new level absolutely they're like
oh saying that well here it is so what
I'm just gonna keep lying you're lying
lying and that's Katrina Pierson I guess
she's she and their reelection campaign
so so how did Katrina Pierson respond to
getting caught in that lie in a joint
statement after Manigault Newman's
appearance on CBS Pierson and Patton
said no one ever denied the existence of
conversation
about a reported apprentice tape and
that they occurred because Omarosa was
obsessed with it so this the half of
that is true
so amuro's is a snake and i know i
should not use an animal as a derogatory
term because animus or innocence but she
is and let's keep it real she knew she's
taping so she's sure trying to get them
to talk about it on the other hand they
do talk about it if you if somebody came
in to me and was like hey chink remember
when Anna used to n-word or like no but
she never did I don't know what the hell
you're talking about
right what a weird thing to say right
whereas they're having a conversation
like I know I know we got to put it to
bed we got to figure out and by the way
I mean let's know it's three
african-americans in the room trying to
figure out how to cover for a president
who attacked african-americans using the
n-word I mean it I hope they're happy
with how they're getting paid too easy
wasteful Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
