in the progressive revolution doesn't
stop when the live show ends join the
home of progressives and become a TYT
member today click the link below the
last debate against Ted Cruz better
O'Rourke actually called him lying Ted
something he had avoided doing
previously despite it being teed up for
him by the president in the last
Republican primary he was asked about
that at last night's Town Hall and he
seemed to backtrack just a little I
decided that I could either spend the
rest of the debate responding to every
single dishonest thing that he said or I
could make sure that everyone understood
exactly what he's doing I said look he's
dishonest it's one of the reasons that
he got tagged with this nickname and
that that nickname resonates because
it's true but I got to tell you it's
it's not something that I feel totally
comfortable with and perhaps in the heat
of the moment I took a step too far and
credit you know that I I don't know that
that's that's the way that I want to be
talking in this campaign so that really
seems to buttress what you would say
earlier about it just doesn't
necessarily have it in him been said
that on the damage before early this
week uh yeah now I hate that answer
that's backtracking and that's
apologizing and that shows terrible
weakness so I love this impeachment
answer he is incredibly strong on some
of the policy issues most of the policy
issues and and he's a million times
better than Ted Cruz but our job is to
call it like it is and and that's to me
is a terrible answer why is everyone so
afraid of calling these people liars
right now you don't see it in headlines
you don't see it in reporting its if
it's not a fact it's a lie I mean it's
one or the other which one is it why is
it so why is it just emotionally no
difficult that's a great question and I
think I have the answer which is that in
Washington the number one rule is you
must be civil to everyone else in the
elite now and that's a mistake that the
crown prince of Saudi Arabia made
because khashoggi by being a Washington
Post columnist became part of the u.s.
elite as he lived in Virginia so
dismembering in and and beheading people
well saturated does that fairly
routinely all the time yes and no one
cares in Yemen they've butchered
civilians thousands upon thousands of
civilians no one cares you do it to the
elite whoa oh you got a problem but it's
not just I mean what they did to him
obviously was as Extreme as it gets a
simple insult to the elite is considered
on television and in the media to be a
far greater offense than any killing of
civilians abroad or anything along those
lines so lying saying that someone is
miscommunicated okay Amy feel really on
the edge prevaricated hey misled right
was lying obsequious right but lying it
implies intent bad intent I did which is
exactly what Ted Cruz has oh that's why
you should say and guess what
voters prefer what you you be honest
about it and call it like it is
what does what much rather have you say
the Ted Cruz is a liar then apologize
for tour called prevarication I mean
come on man don't live in the Beltway so
in the in the debate he did call him a
liar that was good but the second part
of his problem with his answer right
there was that no you actually should
have backed it up throughout the debate
he said I didn't want to keep talking
about it throughout the debate why
you're in a debate with him we we
covered the debate live for our members
right Qi t.com /join to become a member
and get all those play-by-play analysis
whenever those things are happening
Cavanagh hearings this etc and during
that coverage John and I were talking
about and Anna hey look he just lied
again please counter him show how it
wasn't true and better kept pulling his
punches pulling his punches and and here
he is again pulling his punches a
terrible idea and it's not gonna play
well in Texas it may play well in
Washington DC like oh that was a very
good polite answer but Texans aren't
known for one apolar punches exactly I
don't want someone to represent them
that whole survive and that that's what
scares me a little bit about Beto's
popularity with everyone else and I love
seeing bado signs in the most random
parts of the country but he's got to
turnout texts and voters and Texan
voters unfortunately are not registered
in the numbers and don't turn out
they're actually the lowest voting
participation rate in the country is
Texas so let me show you the ad we're
running in case you've ever seen it yet
because Beddoes not going to run
the sad so we decided we're gonna do it
and you guys are helping fund it and I'm
gonna show you how much you guys have
given so far and how much we've shown it
to people in Texas so far but here's the
ad that we're running yes Ted Cruz this
is Ted Cruz
that's him phone banking for Donald
Trump after Trump called his wife ugly
look at him what kind of a man does that
oh yeah Trump also said his father was
probably a murderer he made calls on
behalf of Trump after being unmanned by
him you're looking at the saddest man in
America Ted Cruz 2018 pathetic see
that's how you're running out in Texas
do we know who took that photo
because that person is one of the unsung
American heroes yeah indeed so T
y-t-dot-com / Cruz to donate to that so
let's look at the thermometer and see
how much you guys have already given
we've already started running the ads in
Texas by the way I'm gonna tell you
about that in a second you've given
twenty thousand nine hundred fifty three
dollars so far
twenty thousand I said was originally
the globe was ten and then it was twenty
now it's what do you five let's keep it
going let's make it a million okay
however much it takes because ten
thousands going on Facebook digitalize
only in Texas ten thousands going to
YouTube ads in Texas and so far we spent
less than a thousand dollars good
warming up trying to figuring out how to
get it to the right demographics in
Texas etc and already reached a hundred
and ninety thousand people okay so
assuming that's about a thousand bucks
and we're gonna spend about ten thousand
bucks in on Facebook that's about two
million people who could reach now bad
on Facebook alone and then you got
YouTube so you're helping reach millions
of people in Texas with that ad so and
and then one of our viewers put it in a
great way he said look some liberals
look at that ad and they get
uncomfortable because that's not what
liberals like to hear like words like
unmanned etc but this isn't for liberals
this is for independence in Texas and
and they need to understand the problem
of Ted Cruz isn't just that he's a bad
guy
it's that he's weak and pathetic and if
they don't respect them they won't vote
for him and there's no reason to respect
them all they got to know is the
reality and when you remind him Donald
Trump said his wife was ugly and then he
went and kissed Donald Trump's ass like
what you see click the subscribe button
below and don't forget to ring the bell
to never miss another video from the
Young Turks
