ben Carson has announced that he would
like to rollback Obama era fair housing
rules now Carson is the head of the
Department of Housing and Urban
Development and the whole point of that
organization is to protect people in the
United States ensure that they have fair
housing affordable housing but Carson
wants to do the opposite so he announced
that a HUD had formally begun the
process of revamping the affirmatively
furthering fair housing rule a July 2015
regulation that had required communities
and local governments receiving federal
funding to identify and address any
barriers to fair housing like racial
segregation so there are racial
segregation issues a lot of these issues
do have a lot to do with socioeconomic
status minorities tend to have less
income than white individuals for
instance so you'll see a segregation as
a result of that in various communities
and so the Obama administration wanted
to address that and ensure that there
were affordable housing options in all
communities and Ben Carson wants to do
away with that so HUD announced in
January that it was suspending the
obligation of most local governments to
comply with the rule until 2020 or in
many cases 2025 also the Trump
administration plans to pivot away from
the efforts to integrate lower-income
housing into wealthier neighborhoods and
instead push for an increase in housing
supply overall so I want to stop right
there this is an argument that I see all
over the place
from politicians both Democrat and
Republican and the argument is there's
low supply and as a result housing
prices are skyrocketing but that is not
what's happening oftentimes the new
developments are not affordable housing
developments oftentimes they are luxury
condos they are luxury apartments places
like downtown Los Angeles for instance
have a very high vacancy rate because
they've built all these luxury
apartments that no one can afford right
so it's it's a way that developers
actually weirdly save money because they
can claim that there
there was a loss or whatever it is in
their taxes in California in Los Angeles
specifically all new developments are
expected to have some affordable housing
integrated which is great do you know
how many of those units have to be
affordable 15% 15% that's it 15% 15% is
not gonna help get people off the
streets in Los Angeles we have a huge
homeless issue in in this in this city
but anyway just wanted to address that
because it's all bs when they say oh we
need new developments they're always
luxury developments that no one can
afford so along those lines I actually
talked to a fairly wealthy businessman
over the weekend and you know what he
said in response to what Ana said she's
a hundred percent right thank you okay
yes yes okay so he said well I see
what's happening here they're building a
whole bunch of housing and it's for
people like me who could afford it and
what do they get they get tax credits
why are they getting tax credits for
housing that we're going to buy or rent
anyway so why do they need tax credits
to build housing for wealthy people that
doesn't make any sense and he said you
know how many homeless people are on my
block he said five they live there they
live on the streets
so where's their housing the problem
isn't that rich people in Los Angeles
don't have enough housing the problem is
that poor people don't have enough
housing so it's now what is the Trump
administration do first of all of course
they get an african-american guy to go
and say do you really need fair housing
it's a nice little trick right hide
behind minorities so look the Democratic
Party does it from time to time too okay
but in this case it's the Republican
Party at doing it fairly brazenly
to me if he had made a case for look
here's my economic model for why more
housing is going to lower prices and let
me show you three models where it worked
right here's where it worked in Portland
or San Antonio etc well I'd say okay you
know I don't think that's a crazy idea
now Ana it makes a good point that it
hasn't worked out that way at all and
but if you could show me cases I
see conceivably working the problem is
you can't show me cases of that working
because it doesn't work and and that's
not how its structured its structured so
the politicians get rich from the guys
who give them real estate is gigantic
donors of politicians it is one of the
most understated donors in the country
they don't get talked about that often
they contributed a lot at the state and
local level and in return they get
billions of dollars of tax credits and
don't actually have to give you enough
any affordable housing yes and finally
that that quote that I read from you it
read for you is is to me the most
critical one that they plan to quote
pivot away from efforts to integrate
lower-income housing into wealthier
neighborhoods yeah like it we're done
with it we're not
this is HUD is supposed to be for not
for rich people it's supposed to be for
working poor middle class to help you to
get housing and here they are they're
saying we're pivoting away from that
what do you primitive do Carson is
brazen in you know just his utter
disregard for low-income communities
this is another quote Carson has
denounced government efforts to
desegregate housing in America as quote
failed socialist experiments yeah
because you know in the South when there
was segregation it probably would have
worked out on its own you know I'm sure
that at some point they would wait why
are we keeping African Americans out of
the pools at out of the diners and out
of the homes and out of the schools Oh
golly gee I don't know why don't we just
change our mind out well you know we
tried that for a couple hundred years we
tried that on slaver for a couple
hundred years it turns out they didn't
change their mind we tried it on during
the Jim Crow years through it and then
through all throughout a hundred years
after slavery it turns out they don't
just change their mind and go hey you
know what let's move into black
neighborhoods and let's have blacks move
into our neighborhoods no it turns out
you did you do desegregation and this
guy the puppet that he is gets hired to
come out there and go um what he's awake
um I don't think we should do
desegregation notice that I am black so
it's okay
don't do desegregation anymore expect of
housing that's also happening cities
like LA as they as housing in leased
building in revamping committees spreads
to South LA to our now Englewood and
next is Compton this is just local right
now George is happening every other city
so then usually what people considered
was black in and brown communities will
get run by all these housing increases
further pushing people out even further
so it's actually the opposite effect is
happening we're talking about how
possibly they're slowing pivoting away
from desegregation and it's not bringing
anything is they'll talk about
low-income housing the mindset is that
all these are like these are projects or
something whatever place people can just
live in everyone's not just homeless on
the streets and trying to get into a
place and then squat which are just
normal living situations because of all
these jobs that Trump is touting that
he's done for the black and brown
committing his whole two years in office
what does that do it people being able
to live where they are instead the
opposite effect is happening people
getting pushed further and further out
transportation and get to these places
is even harder to get to work everything
is affected by where you live we know
how that works but if the continuing
advantages are given to people who have
all the advantages already now no one
else and get anything else and it's
their fault and not forgetting pushed
out no you just made such a great point
that I didn't even consider in the
context of this article you know people
like ben Carson and you know the wealthy
donors they're worried about low-income
individuals infiltrating their rich
neighborhoods but what's really
happening throughout the country and
especially in Los Angeles is that you
know wealthier people are infiltrating
poor neighborhoods and gentrifying it
and pushing low-income people out of the
neighborhoods that they've lived in
their entire lives right now look
gentrification is a difficult complex
issue it's not all good or all bad but
there is a housing crisis in the country
right now and the way that they're
handling it is only exacerbating this
issue yeah and the chair and I had a
great conversation about gentrification
in one of the old school episodes if you
remembering it all those who episodes
TYT calm /join to become a member get
all of our shows
and and it partly depends the reason and
this is not all bad is if you're a home
owner in place like Compton and there's
gentrification your prices went up if
you're a renter you're in trouble you're
gone and then you got to move hours away
from LA to be able to afford any housing
at all
so it pushes poor people further and
further away I remember we had
affordable housing in there in East
Brunswick the suburb that I grew up in
in New Jersey
nobody exploded there was no problems
right and it helped to create a diverse
background where people were friends
with each other from different you know
we had middle class we had rich people
there we had poor people and it was like
it's fine but people are so obsessed
with no all mine online and that's why
they get guys like Ben Carson to do
their bidding and and it's gross I'll
reiterate again these poor housing
people that can't afford housing is
suddenly the community has houses that
are eight hundred thousand dollars
you're like oh I can't afford that in a
gar you schlep that's the thought
process we don't know the numbers behind
it
eight hundred thousand dollars time a
minimum in these communities now it's
not it's not the case it's not a case
that you're you're a lazy ass and you
don't know how to do anything it's that
you're not able to afford nearly million
dollar houses think about that across
the country about how that works so has
a 20% down payment for an eight hundred
thousand dollar house from laying around
who does it's in a lower income
neighborhood it's preposterous so and
and and that's how gentrification works
and so but on the upside now we will get
bankers who could now sing straight out
of Compton on a Bentley two easy ways
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
