and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more Politico
has just released an explosive story
regarding Trump's not so shocking level
of incompetence but there are specific
examples that were given to reporters by
White House sources so these are Trump
officials who have made it abundantly
clear that Trump has no idea what he's
doing and doesn't understand the
importance of diplomacy and etiquette
when communicating with other world
leaders so I'll give you some examples
several times in the first year of
Trump's administration he wanted to call
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe a in
the middle of the afternoon
mid-afternoon in Washington is the
middle of the night in Tokyo when a bay
would be fast asleep so one of the
officials was quoted as saying this he
wasn't great at recognizing that the
leader of a country might be 80 or 85
years old and isn't going to be awake in
the right place at 10:30 or 11:00 p.m.
their time when he wants to call someone
he wants to call someone he's more
impulsive that way he doesn't think
about what time it is or who it is okay
we're gonna begin to break this down so
first of all his advisors have to
constantly talk to him like he's a child
because he is mentally former national
security adviser HR McMaster would
assure him ok it's ok we can try to set
it up let's try to set up because he
knows that sometimes it's 2:00 in the
morning at the other place the guy's not
a Whig obviously not awake so yes a
piece of little baby Trump and go ok oh
yeah later later we're gonna do that
we're gonna set that up for you ok don't
get angry
cuz I know you're a maniac alright
anyway and he didn't do this once or
twice honest mistake no big deal no
according to the inside sources it was
on a quote constant basis hey it slips
your mind that it's actually the middle
of the night in Taiwan totally normal
ok if every time your advisors have to
say mr. president remember there are
different time zones then at what point
do we begin to think that you might not
be that bright ok so number one is that
you might think well maybe he knows but
he says I'm the
the united states don't care wake them
up in the middle of the night as a
another diplomat from the State
Department pointed out when the
president doesn't follow protocol it's a
sign of disrespect
so in diplomacy that matters imagine if
the other guys woke up Trump in the
middle of the night Nellie
I feel like Tony why don't you get up
right you're like how dare they my
button is bigger than theirs on that
case that button might be a country that
he's referring to we'll get to that in a
second but I just want you two guys to
know this is not in dispute his own
allies agree he does this so you can't
call this fake news here is one person
who wrote in James Carr Fano vice
president for foreign policy and
heritage heritage
he said if people are looking for more
polish and more kind of conventional
statecraft and that's their metric for
Trump learning I think they are going to
be disappointed and he said I don't
think he sees those as faux pause and I
think he sees them as look I do things
differently if you say that's not how
things are done he he says who says
words are written down that I can't do
that look if you want to get rid of some
of the conventional wisdom I think
there's a lot of nonsense conventional
wisdom in Washington and I will I
wouldn't mind that at all but calling
somebody at 3:00 in the morning is not
like you being some sort of disrupter
like literally disrupting their sleep
for no goddamn reason
I am gonna start calling you at 3 in the
morning to show you that I have
initiative that I am a hard worker when
I want to make a call I want to make a
call ok yeah Sarah Gabby Sanders says
foreign leaders appreciate that the
president is willing to take their calls
day and night so she admits said and
though the issue is inhibiting the cause
it's him making the call right so it's
absolutely positive that he does this on
a regular basis he doesn't know what
time it is in the other country and he
disrespects all of other countries so
much that he doesn't give a damn so I
have more so in one case Trump while
studying a briefers map of South Asia
ahead of a 2017 meeting with India's
Prime Minister he mispronounced Nepal as
nipple and laughingly referred to baton
as button which liked that last part
doesn't really bother me that much I
mean oh no
around maybe he wasn't but it's okay
it's not the end of the world milk
nipple really you think that there's a
place in the world called nipple no on
the bouton thing they said jokingly not
guilty yeah not guilty okay and he
doesn't know how to pronounce Bhutan
I mean he's 70 some-odd years old and
president that's okay but even moving on
okay but it's okay it's like it's not
the end of the world okay and he's just
joking
he doesn't know Nepal's not nipple like
that there isn't a country named nipple
but okay all right it's like a small
offense it's not a big deal do you guys
remember when Obama while I admit it was
a little strange would insist on saying
Pakistan yeah do you remember
conservative heads exploding oh my god
he said Pakistan he pronounced it with
an accent like people lost their minds
because he was pronouncing it correctly
no I like that's the thing I mean that's
the topsy-turvy world we live in where
they criticize Obama for pronouncing it
right and they say Trump is right for
pronouncing it wrong okay and now these
are consistent and white is black and
right so me by the way we are consistent
when Obama was saying Pakistan I was
like let it go and we said it's correct
get off his ass but it's like when
people that are not Latino go Nicaragua
alright it sounds a little patronizing
let it go okay but everybody's different
okay so these that's super minor there's
much worse coming up all right
ahead of Indian Prime Minister Narendra
Modi's June twenty seventeenth White
House visit Trump asked his national
security aides whether Modi would be
bringing along his wife staffers
explained that he has long been
estranged from his wife and here's what
Trump said ah I think I can set him up
with somebody
I mean low-key joke so no that's not
guilty not guilty look it would probably
be an escort but anyway well anyway hey
I got a great Playboy model for any
nobody's joking totally not you not done
with motor yet though okay there's no
more on Modi he sometimes puts an Indian
accent and imitates the way Modi
no no you can't do that okay so look
look here's the thing
I'm also guilty okay I've done Indian
accents on the show before I grew up
with a lot of Indian kids that are my
friends some of my best friends are in
there okay so now I am and I think
people know that we explained that you
know the context in which I do that
right but if I'm president I'm not going
to assume that other people know that I
grew up with Indian friends and I'm not
going to everything the Prime Minister
of India with over a billion people in
that country and mark his accent that's
not don't do that
so him joking around about getting him a
girl who cares him do racial accents
with foreign leaders no could you
imagine if Obama did an Indian accent
now meeting with a group of African
countries okay he's in a meeting with a
group of African countries at the United
Nations General Assembly last September
Trump in public remarks referred to the
country Namibia as nambia so okay okay
during the same gathering he announced
that quote I have so many friends going
to your countries trying to get rich I
congratulate you
oh well that sounds great you have a lot
of people going to take advantage of
people in those countries like vultures
capitalists go to those countries they
take advantage of them you must be so
proud we even got to my favorite story
yet so okay so look and guys
he says nambia he should know better
yeah the president knows not giving a
pass on that okay like but like you're
referring to that country in the meeting
you're in the meeting right like let's
say he's being briefed right he's the
president of United States he should
know but who cares like maybe he just
doesn't know the correct pronunciation
he's in a meeting with his advisors and
he mispronounces it in that
but they correct him and he in public
remarks pronounces it correctly that's
fine okay but he's in the meeting yeah I
I hear you and for example I'm nearly
positive that on the show many times I
have mispronounced eritrea okay I had to
look it up again today okay
and by the way the postgame and you
could service will love this I'll tell
you a story of something incredibly dumb
I did over the weekend that was
hilarious
okay TYT calm slice join to be
government member at the post games okay
so it happens that Obama mispronounced
the leader of Singapore okay
but we're asking you to try a little bit
right yeah so and he shows no effort at
trying and in fact all in aids according
to all these stories the staffers are so
nervous about correcting him because
they don't want him to make a mistake
but he gets so mad if you point out that
he doesn't that he's getting something
slightly wrong there were these
assigning great yeah I said that they're
worried that everybody might tweet about
them nobody he might right and I mean he
talks about she tweets about firing his
own staffers all the time about his own
attorney general et cetera and and it's
this tremendous sign a weakness that you
can't accept someone correcting you a
little bit so all right now my two
favorite stories he goes and meets with
the leader of Italy the the Prime
Minister Giuseppe Conte and no don't he
don't worry didn't get his name wrong
okay so he congratulated him on his
tremendous victory he didn't win an
election he was a compromise candidate
he didn't run in the election they
couldn't settle who had won the
elections so they picked him even though
he didn't run see that's why it matters
if you don't do your homework and you
don't care to do the job so the guys
like thank you I didn't run right like
tremendous victory hey I got this I got
this wrong it was a very strong election
you had I didn't I wasn't in the
election very tremendous okay then my
absolute favorites he keeps insisting on
calling McCrone the leader of France but
for no reason and his own staffers don't
know why but he calls them all
time and then micro he says no other
cause apparently he said hey what are we
talking about normally when the person
from the United States calls there's a
reason in fact in State Department lingo
you say there there are deliverables on
the call you're either going to deliver
and deliver a carrot or a stick an
incentive or a disincentive and there's
a very specific point why you're calling
this foreign leader except Trump for
whatever reason is obsessed with my
Crone so it just calls them randomly so
micro to everyone so ask me like what
what are we talking McCrone wanted I
forget exactly what it was that he
wanted Trump to do I believe it was
related to our policy on Syria but
anyway he was constantly buttering Trump
up because that's the only way to get
anything out of Trump you have to
compliment him and he'll maybe do what
you want him to do and so I don't know
maybe Trump mistook that as genuine
kindness and friendship and maybe that's
why he's hitting him up like yo homie
stressful job man Nepal I thought it was
nipple
come on McCrone come on hey Macarena you
know you thought it was nipple to right
come on you thought it was nipple it
wasn't just me it's my favorite quote of
all time
what are we talking about two easy ways
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
