in short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more Wilbur
Ross is the Commerce Secretary and
apparently a bit of a scam artist now
for Donald Trump that is not the bug
that's the feature he is called Ross
quote a legendary Wall Street genius
well he has invented new ways to rip
people off as you're about to see this
from this story in Forbes magazine so
it's a business publication that is
written about this in the past they've
written about how he has lied about his
wealth and no I'm not talking about
Trump I'm talking about Wilbur Ross but
you know peas in a pod here
Trump's once explained in these
particular positions referring to his
cabinet like Wilbur Ross I just don't
want a poor person alright so over Ross
is wealthy it's unclear how much money
he has but it is a lot so let's find out
how he made it so let's go to Forbes
magazine where they outline a number of
lawsuits against them and a number of
action and legal actions taken against
them that give you a sense of how he
made it he had his own firm that he ran
WL Ross & Company well in that company
he worked with a lot of different people
and a lot of them have sued him why he
apparently just took their money their
cook his cold and coworkers
let alone the clients we'll get to that
his quote he said oh yeah I was gonna
give you this wrong I'm just gonna take
it instead what they admit it so hold
one of those guys is a private equity
manager named David Store / so they're
doing private equity together they're
colleagues co-workers and here's what
happens next three years ago store /
launched what became a four million
dollar lawsuit against both his former
employer WL Ross that's the company and
former boss the Commerce Secretary
alleging that Ross stole his interests
not hey there was a misunderstanding or
he put it in that I can't what he should
have put it in this guy no he just took
it okay so here comes some of the
admissions attorneys for Wilbur Ross
admitted in court filings
one of his companies took store pers
interest and reallocated part of it to
the Commerce Secretary oh I guess that's
how it works
we're now calling it reallocating but
Ross's lawyers also insist that all that
was allowed under internal agreements
simply put they wrote this lawsuit is a
personal vendetta against mr. Ross after
a judge rejected attempts to prevent the
case from going to trial just days
before the jury selection the two sides
agreed to settle so if you're not a
lawyer I can decipher that last part for
you they're like your honor this is a
personal vendetta I mean I took his
money and reallocated into my bank
account but we shouldn't let this trial
go forward just like now this trials
going forward and it's going to a jury
because they've got plenty of evidence
so right before they hook the jury or in
the trial will borough sisters like a
good fight like we did it come on let's
just settle okay I mean look like we
stole four million what do you need back
two million three million so it's not
clear exactly how much they returned to
mr. stopper and it's not a guy that I
particularly care about you decided to
go into business with an incredibly
shady guy like Wilbur Ross but it gives
you a sense of how little there is honor
among thieves so that is amazing you rip
off your clients that's terrible but
unfortunately a lot of people do that on
Wall Street you're above the average
American that's just standard practice
unfortunate in not an all wall street
but in big parts of Wall Street but your
own co-workers like oh hey where's my
salary Wilbur oh I reallocated it where
to my salary what what oh and it's not
the only time we did it I've got more
it's actually Dan Alexander writing in
Forbes magazine great story he says what
makes it all the more than a typical he
says she said a dispute is the number of
similar complaints against Ross a third
former WL Ross employee Joseph Mullin
filed a 3.6 million dollar lawsuit in
December 2016
saying WL Ross funds quote looted his
interest quote for the personal benefit
of Wilbur L Ross jr. a 10
to conceal their misconduct through
opaque and misleading tax statements and
disclosures and there was another guy in
there as well but it's three different
guys who were like he just stole my
money and other guys like well while we
were working together he looted my money
so you're meeting to get a sense of how
Wilbur Ross does business and guys like
Wilbur Ross by the way don't settle
cases if they didn't do it now other
people might want to make stuff go away
and settlements happen and maybe they
happen for lower numbers that's all
normal right
millions of dollars in settlements for a
guys like Wilbur Ross who's looking to
reallocate funds etcetera he's gonna
reallocate him back if he didn't do it
that's my personal opinion alright
sterber and two other former
high-ranking executives at WL Ross filed
yet another lawsuit against the Commerce
Secretary in November alleging that he
and his firm charged at least 48 million
of improper fees then pocketed the money
it was a slow sifting rather than a
one-time heist according to the lawsuit
so other executives of the company are
like oh yeah if you thought it was bad
what he was doing to his coworkers wait
till you get a load of what he was doing
those clients
that's a 48 million dollar lawsuit so
look and it's true from time to time
there are lawsuits that are don't have
any merit and it it happens right but
one after another after another after
another after another they're all saying
the same thing looted stole stole from
clients stole from coworkers they go to
trial or they're about to go to trial he
survived right here he'd take millions
of dollars and unfortunately this is
what Donald Trump this is what Wilbur
Aastha does they steal so much money and
then you have to sue them and they give
you a portion of the stolen money back
in settlements and at the end of the day
they got away with it and and and they
got more than they you know had to give
back God that is so maddening the
injustice of it and then they go around
bragging about how
rich they are and the rest of society
treats them like volvo yeah well dad to
Wilbur Ross you're a Wall Street genius
you know how to rob people for a living
genius mr. Ross mr. Ross and he's now a
cabinet secretary he's supposed to be
representing us you what do you think
Wilbur Ross is representing right now is
commissary Commerce Secretary
you think he's representing you and
looking out for your best interests this
guy I'm not even done with him yet hold
then there are the smaller anecdotal
stories that give you a sense of this
character and then we'll end on a couple
of big ones and in Forbes talk to dozens
of people that know Ross one says
workers at his house in the Hamptons
used to call the office claiming Ross
had not paid them for their work and
other two people said Ross once plays a
million dollars to a charity then never
paid mmm who does that sound like sounds
like his boss Donald Trump look you got
a house in the Hamptons
a lot of people you know now like to
mischaracterize
progressives and so you do what you
don't want anybody to have a house and I
have your house in the Hamptons just pay
your workers that's crazy
woody you have enough to have a house in
the Hamptons and then your workers after
working for an honest day's work or
doing an honest day's work have to go
and beg for their money because you
wouldn't pay them Jesus Christ man okay
then there are bigger allegations as
Alexander explains over several months
to speaking with 21 people who know Ross
Forbes uncovered a pattern many of those
who work directly with him claim that
Ross wrongly siphoned or outright stole
a few million here and a few million
they're huge amounts for most but not
necessarily for the Commerce Secretary
at least if you consider them
individually but all told these
allegations which sparked lawsuits
reimbursements and an SEC fine come to
more than 120 million dollars well if
you stole 120 million dollars you'd also
be rich and then you'd be considered a
Wall Street genius and then you might be
a cabinet secretary now are all those
lawsuits
you know hard to know are all the
numbers right hard to know of course and
most of the time we don't get to find
out because if it went all the way
through to trial he'd probably lose and
somebody at some point should actually
take some sort of action to stop guys
like this from stealing on a regular
basis is apparently just giving some
portion of the proceeds back is not a
good enough disincentive I don't know if
there's anything that could be done on
criminal charges but it doesn't matter
they run the government now so you know
the saying about the inmates running the
asylum
well the robbers are running the bank
basically and unfortunately it's it's
our bank it's the United States
government it's taxpayer funds they now
control and God knows what they're doing
the loot that so these are big big
numbers that he's accused of ripping off
so his lawyers and himself in a
statement said they said something
rather bizarre they said the SEC has
never initiated any enforcement action
against me Ross said in a statement
failing to mention the 2.3 million
dollar fine is levied against his firm
in 2016 I don't know if he's being cute
and saying well technically it wasn't me
it was the firm I was running the one
that was named after me the one I was in
charge of but either way it's not cute
and it's not just allegations by other
people where you can't be sure exactly
if they're telling the truth or not it's
the SEC and the SEC is not going around
trying to pick on rich people for a
personal event there's nothing personal
there's no vendetta's there's no nothing
okay if you paid a two point three
million dollar fine and you agreed to
pay that fine against the SEC trust me
brother you did it roughly two months
before the 2016 presidential election
the SEC announced WL Ross was paying a
fine and refunding eleven point nine
million dollars it allegedly skimmed
from its investors including interest
Wilbur Ross is not the kind of guy to
pay back twelve million dollars and then
pay two point three million dollar fine
on top if he didn't do it so this is our
Commerce Secretary this is the Trump
administration what was that about
draining the swamp
two easy ways to follow the young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
