in short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more ben
shapiro offered $10,000 to debate
Alexandria cross your core test that
it's a trap and it's a clever little
trap because if she doesn't respond and
they all go haha you're scared okay if
she does respond no matter what she says
they will say oh that's outrageous say
they'll criticize it for this or for
that it's that's the whole point of the
trap and she said you know it's in
essence like cat calling me the reason
she said that is because it's a
assumption of privilege on the part of
ben shapiro and his supporters and more
importantly who cares about him and his
supporters but the rest of the media
that alexandria Cascio cortez owes ben
shapiro a response she's going to be a
member of congress very likely she
doesn't owe him anything but there's
this feeling of like well haha come
you're not responding
who the hell are you right and so that's
why she responded by saying it's like a
cat call on an assumption that i need to
turn around and address you whistling at
me right and so i think that was very
fair so today I offered equal and
opposite debate to Ted Cruz so I said
this whole ben shapiro offering to
debate Acacio if she was ridiculous
shows the bias of the media in favor of
the right-wing fine I offer the same
$10,000 the debate Ted Cruz not joking
guaranteed it gets no coverage why won't
the bumbling coward Ted Cruz debate me
she really is a bumbling coward yes
agreed on that so now the reason I said
it that way is because if I had done
that first now it's getting a little bit
more coverage because Ted Cruz responded
but but even so I don't know if any of
the rest of the media will pick it up
but it certainly if I had done it first
no one would have said that Ted Cruz
should debate me or had a discussion
about whether he's scared not to debate
me etc for two reasons one they may view
it as well if your right wing you must
be responded to but if your left wing no
I would Ted Cruz debate you that doesn't
make any sense right and and then
there's the issue of woman not woman you
know looked at my everybody's got a
different opinion about how important
that is like but but it in I think the
and everybody can have a different
opinion which one is more important but
I think the framing for the right for
the media is that you have to respond to
the right wing you do not have to
respond to the left wing but Ted Cruz I
guess to his credit responded so he
immediately tweeted back stop cat
calling me okay so unlike Donald Trump
we will not insult the attractiveness of
your wife
we will insult your attractiveness so no
Ted no one's cat calling you I could
assure you of that but obviously it's a
reference to Acacio Cortes and so I
wrote back cute response you want to
show up or keep being cute so business
I'm not joking so I'm yes I'm trying to
prove a point yes I'm making the
counter-argument to show what a trap it
is that Shapiro laid down and it's
obvious that by the way Shapiro brags
about these traps in his writings and
his articles in his books and so it's a
well-known saying yet a lot of the media
go along and they write articles about
will LoCascio court does respond or not
right and we'll see if we get equal
opposite or just in fact here here's Ted
Cruz II and I guess they sent a
responding I bet you it doesn't get one
tenth of the coverage and so and then of
course if somebody you know says oh who
are you instead of look guys that forces
me to explain who we are which is that
we're The Young Turks so we have a giant
network online over nine billion
lifetime use no right-wing network
online can claim anything close to those
numbers we get two hundred million views
a month so that's just a historic thing
it's
every month I mean you ask that's why
I'm telling you right it would probably
be the largest audience Ted Cruz ever
got when Bernie Sanders was on the show
in 2016 6 million people watched it if
Ted Cruz came to debate me on The Young
Turks do you have any idea how many
people would watch it you do that on CNN
you might get a couple of million people
you do it on The Young Turks I guarantee
you it gets 10 million people so it
would be the largest audience he has
literally ever gotten very likely the
problem with Ted Cruz though is he's too
busy to debate you because he's too busy
kissing Donald Trump's ass after he
insulted his wife and father you know he
needs that campaign help so he's busy
Jake yeah he's too busy ducking debates
with Beto Aurora coos that's true who's
now actually doing that he's ducking
debate oh so I can't wait for those base
that's right
so bad it was not within one point of
embed was gonna beat him but anyway Ted
you can come on and prove otherwise you
hey I hear you're such a great debater I
mean you talk about what a great debater
you call come on take on the biggest
progressive Network yeah you know taking
out its top host shows how smart you are
espanol caramel's escuchar jus espanol
okay but I can't say less money on but
final thing Ted so just so that me is
absolutely clear on it I will pay the
$10,000 it's not a joke so if he doesn't
I'm a man of my word no I don't are you
donating it to be clear your favorite
Hobbit home no no seriously
unlike branch PR I will not do something
illegals he promised to give $10,000 to
her campaign
you can't get more than 27 hundred
dollars to her campaign and I would
never want to give to Ted Cruz's
campaign but but I'll give it to the
charity of your choice no problem you
could pick a right-wing charity you
could pick anything you like or if you
just want to pocket the money I can't
give to your campaign I'll give it to
you come on show up let's go okay I mean
you don't want to take a liberals money
wouldn't that be amazing I mean you're
so smart
right you take a progressive money and
then you
when the debatin you're the hero why
won't you show up Ted are you scared
two can play at this game two easy ways
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
