so what do another alright really think
about different groups in America I
think you have a basic idea but it is
very interesting to see it sort of
quantified and especially now we have
some psychological research about how
self-identified members of the alt-right
rank different groups so you might think
well they hate everybody and that is
largely the case everybody who's that
white but they do have some preferences
and I think that they're very
interesting so we've got the results of
a new study by professors at University
of Alabama you're gonna see a really
interesting new way to get to the core
of what people think about different
groups you're gonna see a little picture
with some bars the basic idea is that
the people again this is you have a
control group or not alright and then
you have members who say that they're
all right and they have this little
thing here where they're supposed to
grab those sliders for each one so for
instance for Swedes how evolved do you
think this group is and the more to the
right you put them the more evolved do
you think that they are and they get
this for a whole ton of different groups
and individuals and here is how again
self-described members of the alt-right
ended up ranking different groups they
rated Muslims at a 55 point 4 out of 100
bear in mind Democrats at 60 black
people at 65 roughly Mexicans slightly
higher journalists are even lower
they're down below Democrats are 58
percent Jews 73 feminists at 57 so to
give you an idea this I would not have
expected this they actually prefer
African Americans to journalists they
prefer juice to feminists actually by a
significant chunk which is really
interesting I'm a FEMINIST journalist
I'm a FEMINIST Jewish journalist oh I
don't know I'm free I'm actually hanging
in there because believe it or not they
have Turks yeah I know right we we are
right underneath black people but above
Democrats that is we're between blacks
and Democrats yeah so shout out to these
racists for knowing that Arabs and
Muslims aren't the same they're you know
I mean I'm sure they didn't come up with
the categories and don't ask them for
more specifics that but I just gotta say
two more things though about the racial
categories because I'm so deeply amused
by them I guess which nation well the
Russians they were fairly white on that
standard yeah but above the Russians and
above even Christians and certainly
women is sweet how's that for ironic
because the Swedish are quite socialist
so it isn't about ideology it isn't
about politics the Swedes are about as
socialist as you get but they're also
about as white as you well that's why
the Swedes aren't at a hundred you know
you could get to 150 I got the socialism
now I want to give you a point of
comparison for the alt-right you got
those numbers for all those different
groups white people were scored at 91.8%
even they don't think that US whites are
fully evolved necessarily before higher
than others and the comparison group
these are people that are not members of
the alt-right they score all groups in
the 80s or 90s on average so the OLT
writers were nearly a full standard
deviation more extreme than others and
really fast before commentary I have
just two other two individuals that I
think are really interesting so Donald
Trump was actually put on there he's it
an 82 in evolution by the way which
means extremely involved but not as much
as other white people in general which I
think it's really it's lower than that
and do you know I think the lowest score
any person or group got Hillary Clinton
actually at 54 no my favorite is Hillary
Clinton came in last right up below
Muslims right she's worse than I was
less evolved she would be seen by them
as kind of like too evolved you know
what I mean look at listen feminists
like a lizard or something or like
something unnatural I didn't think that
they would categorize her as kind of
like a prehistoric figure he is no but
she's on I guess she's unnatural but I
see them as the way that they see her is
almost like no she on like an evil super
Cobra she's the race Chupacabra
doesn't really exist and she just exists
in their imagination this whole thing is
BS if you responded to this you are this
like least evolved state I'm sorry this
is this is you because it can't imagine
you saw the people who weren't so-called
in there alright and they were all like
I don't know 80 or 90 for all of them
why are you asking me about Hillary
Clinton and then all right like okay I
know exactly what I'm gonna say huh like
Chuck his employees is 70% by the way
yeah Trump is 69 that's a hilarious yeah
by the way the correct answer even the
the regular people who answered it
obviously too low the correct answer is
a hundred for each category if they ask
me this funny abilities is a trick
question behavior they're all Homo
sapiens 100 I hope you don't get Amazon
gift card from for answering this or
like they did didn't they I think they
picked the study on Amazon yeah you know
what would hilarious if they put homo
sapien on the list
sure that the scientists know this but
it doesn't even mean anything to say how
evolved is something it's not like
someday if we work really hard we're
gonna hit evolve brand it's an ongoing
process that the people responding this
probably don't believe it anyway so yeah
waiting a myth why are they even they
should protest us questionnaire it's
like based on the fallacy of evolution
there's definitely like some really
smart like Christian conservatives like
yeah so the on average - alright
dehumanize their opponents to the same
degree and this is disturbing on two
levels that average Americans dehumanize
Isis so it's scary that the alt-right
views the rest of us like Isis but it's
also scary that we dehumanize anyone
right so now look Isis is terrorist
group and they do terrible terrible
things and you know you want to defeat
them that makes all the sense in the
world so do we right but we do have a
tendency to dehumanize all of our
opponents and so what would be more
sense is figuring out their ration
so that you could defeat them in a more
both more efficiently and thoroughly and
starting dehumanize any human being goes
down a dark dark path which makes it
easier and easier to bomb people near
Rises it is partially because we now
what's interesting is that you have
these alt writers who embrace their
dehumanization they don't have a problem
saying how devolved someone is and as is
said in this article you know some
psychologists are worried that there's
the the affective kind of
self-censorship who's gonna say I view
this person that is this dehumanized or
that the human eyes but the real issue
one of the issues is that of course
there's all this propaganda that's used
to justify our invading or bombing or
droning other countries we do have a
dehumanized view I brown people in other
countries and that means that that of
course creates kind of fodder for Isis
recruitment they see that and then that
is what turns a lot of them making a big
generalization but at least some of them
that radicalize these people when they
see they don't Studies on this not this
study but they've done Studies on how
your empathy they've like measured
empathy and it lowers its lowered when
you think that someone isn't playing
fair like they've literally had people
play a chess game against each other
then they've send the people into
different rooms they like fake torture
one and if the person thinks that that
other person played the chess game
fairly their empathy goes off if they
played if they do the same thing with
someone who they think she did their
empathy doesn't go off as much so it's
kind of yeah can I also just say that I
mean again I said it was stupid and I
just want to double down on that because
I think generally as a progressive who
obviously believes that racism is real
and systemic racism is absolutely real
but also someone who's mixed race and
someone who is like very much like I
don't want you to put me in like one
category the other like let's try to on
the one hand like like abolish racism as
well as like understand that people are
fluid and race as a construct for sure
and that the greatest identify and that
race is identified and like buying into
a lot of these like categories of like
you're either this or that you're you
know it's like
let's walk that a little bit back
although I'm so glad we're doing this
story yeah so let me design the study
just right yeah so let me have design
studies not this one
let me address two more things one is
they asked people I think there are good
reasons do you agree with the statement
I think there are good reasons to have
organizations that look out for the
interests of whites and now the what
this is showing is that today people are
coming out and saying yes to that in
record severity innocence right not in
just the numbers but the degree to which
they agree with that statement and the
researcher said he had never seen a
disparity that large between the average
American saying generally no and and
these alt-right guys who are massively
saying yes yes we have to have a lookout
for whites okay
and so and I think what that goes to
show is fairly clear is that they have
gotten permission to come out of the
client that's right and and so in the
past the study the researchers also said
this they had to put the questions more
subtly to try to get at racial
undertones now they don't have to do
that they just ask them they go yeah
yeah yeah well white people are better
and you should look out for white people
and other races are less of all like
whoa this is not what we're used to
maybe they might have thought it before
but they would have been afraid to say
it
now they are not afraid to say yep gee I
wonder what the difference there's one
thing if I could just raise one one
slight objection I have to the analysis
of the study this comes up a lot which
is that it says all traders aren't
particularly socially isolated or
worried about the economy this is the ye
olde economic anxiety issue and says
also important all traders in the sample
aren't all that concerned about the
economy the survey used a comment said a
Pew question that asked about the
current state of the economy and about
whether participants feel like they're
going to improve things our own
approvals for them here both groups
report about the same levels of
confidence in the economy so I think
that people often get this issue wrong
which is that a big way that economic
anxiety works is that people don't say
I'm struggling and I'm hurting
naturally and economically ergo I'm
going to scapegoat other people that's
kind of the point of it right like it's
not I don't think it should be a hot
take most historians say that one of the
reasons the Holocaust happened was
because of the economics economic
situation environment right that that
makes people that much more susceptible
so I think that there's really people
are very interested in a narrative that
more Eliza's racism and I'm not giving
anyone a get-out-of-jail-free card but I
do think that the idea that people don't
discuss economic anxiety means that none
of this is grounded in economic anxiety
or I should say none of this is
exacerbated by it is sure unwise I
totally agree and you could tell and
actually another part of the in the
study where they say that they are
worried that they are being displaced by
the number of immigrants and outsiders
and that these see themselves as
potential victims
so that doesn't necessarily mean
economically displaced but yeah I mean
governmentally politically culturally I
hear you and I think that what we're
getting to the same thing with different
words loss of status power and and maybe
they don't say it as money and wages etc
but they feel displaced that they've
lost some sort of privilege or dignity
to put it kindly in status and that is
partly financial but orally also partly
a matter of power and so but that is
what they feel and that is what they are
reacting to which doesn't mean we're
catering to them by saying this so then
often time when you make that points
people like suffocating to racism our
agents we're not doing that we're trying
to be honest about what makes these
things worse and what makes people that
much more susceptible to narratives of
scapegoating and I think that like as
someone who wants to abolish racism or
is a Jew who there's no real and
Semitism today but I anyway
yes historically as someone whose people
worked you know thanks in large part to
economic anxiety killed off a lot I
think that's important to talk about
this while at the same time of course
not accepting the racism but we have to
look at what we can do besides just
saying check your white privilege it
doesn't work it's also our weakness for
progresses we're empathetic huh we
we're supposed to understand but you
look look I want to understand Isis as I
explained earlier I also want that's
right I also want to understand the Hall
right right I want to be able to figure
out how to combat that and get people to
go on a different direction and finally
the the thing that they cared most about
and what they responded to most was
authoritarianism and I found them to be
interesting they asked you know they
looked for what they call the dark triad
whether they're basically Psychopaths
narcissistic Machiavelli and etc and
they were they were but only but I love
this the Dutch right right but only
somewhat higher levels than average what
really rank super high was deference to
authority figures strong leaders etc and
that is I mean that's the this is the
extreme right wing but it is a right
wing frame of mind overall on that end
of the spectrum Oh bow your head yeah so
there's this weird dynamic of I want to
be superior but I'm afraid that Jews
rule us all dan I don't know how you are
superior right that's part of and
anti-semitism is a huge part of this
right and then the second thing is I
want to be superior but I want to make
sure there's a strong leader I can bow
down to it's there is anti-semitism it
doesn't exist as it used to exist so
people don't think of being a total
self-loathing Jew or idiot or something
some of the highest levels now and it is
making a comeback two easy ways for
young turks one is hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
