over the weekend during Netroots nation
Cory Booker made an appearance and took
a number of photos with people who were
there including one group that is
supportive of Palestinian efforts so the
US campaign for Palestinian rights
attended panels handed out literature
and advocated for the end of the
occupation of Palestine to secure a just
future for both Israelis and
Palestinians now one of the issues that
they feel passionately about is the West
Bank and the wall that's been erected at
the West Bank and it's been erected so
far into the West Bank that it allows
the Israeli government to continue
building settlements on land that's
supposed to belong to the Palestinians
and so look that is obviously a long
heated issue and we've gotten into it
before but the heart of this story is
cory booker posing for a photo with this
organization and during that photo he
held a sign so let's show you this
picture says from Palestine to Mexico
all the walls have got to go now
apparently within hours his campaign
disavowed the whole thing that's unreal
man so interesting you know I saw this
in a backwards way I saw that he had
disavow the sign but I had not yet saw
the picture so I and I was waiting for
the the sound like Oh what does this say
does this say something that some people
might find benign some people might find
offensive we're like in the Zionist
occupation right then I wouldn't be
surprised that Cory Booker walks that
back and goes and you might say well it
is Zionist I don't know what your stance
on that is I think the word Zionists in
that context is gratuitous you can agree
disagree it's a healthy debate but it
didn't say that it didn't say anything
bad it just said that a wall is not good
and and the Palestinians live under an
occupation that is obvious that's clear
that's the one you had to disavow he
disavowed it and he he did so pretty
aggressively so let me give you the
update as I mentioned within hours
disavowed the whole thing and his
spokesperson came out with a statement
so I'm gonna read you the entirety of
that statement right now first of all he
claims
cory booker was unaware of what the sign
said he says just before delivering a
speech in New Orleans senator Booker was
approached by dozens of people for
photos in one instance amid the rush he
was posing for a photo and was passed a
sign to hold he didn't have time to read
the sign
and from his cursory glance he thought
it was talking about Mexico it didn't
realize it had anything to do with
Israel so there's two different problems
here this is the first one it's actually
the smaller problem but just please stop
insulting our intelligence so it
apparently this is a group that is the
u.s. campaign for Palestinian rights and
they had a conversation with Booker
before taking the picture so he knew
that they were arguing in favor of
Palestinian rights it wasn't just that
it was for Mexico look at he's a savvy
guy sometimes right-wingers come take
pictures with me and then go haha how
the hell would I know who you are okay
that's a different thing right if you
ask me to hold a sign I usually look at
this time because I know the tricks that
people play etc but even so if it might
be that you took a photo and it was
careless it's no big deal right but in
this case you talk to the people you did
know what it was
just can you please not lie about it
it's just you know say hey you know what
in that even if look I think the other
second partner is worse but even if you
just said hey look at the time
he held the sign but reflecting on it he
thinks that it was not the right thing
to do okay at least that's honest right
but they can't do that well let's go to
the heart of the issue okay so the heart
of the issue is that cory booker has
been a staunch advocate and supporter of
the israeli government and in the past
on repeated occasions has refused to
criticize the israeli government I'm not
talking about the Israeli people I'm
specifically talking about what the
Israeli government under Benjamin
Netanyahu has done with building
settlements which has led to a flare up
and violence in the area when it comes
to the you know disproportionate force
used against Palestinians when there is
a flare up in violence and so cory
booker again has always been on the side
of the israeli government and and
that's that but okay and I just want to
be even more clear about that so you own
us for the Israeli government you know
to some degree of course right but that
doesn't mean you should support all
their actions
I support the American government now
I'm an American I certainly don't
support all of its actions Cory Booker
doesn't support all actions of the
American government so he doesn't that
it's it's not showing loyalty to a
country to blindly support which ever
government is in power and that's
preposterous otherwise Cory Booker would
have to save Donald Trump's right about
everything
right so the saying that the wall is
problematic is not even a controversial
position unless you're a right-wing or
in Israel and you say oh no no no that's
it we should just occupy them they
should know their place and they're
terrorists and we need to go into their
land and it's not their land it's our
land it's arrest Israel these are right
wing positions even george w bush when
he first when the wall first came out
said it's very difficult to develop
confidence between the Palestinians and
Israel with a wall snaking through the
West Bank so Bush initially even said
that the wall was bad but now Cory
Booker has a position so far right-wing
that it outflanks George W Bush yeah
that's actually true and shocking yeah
now why so let me pose one possibility
cory booker's top contributors between
2013 and 2018 were individuals
affiliated with nor pack a pro-israel
lobbying group so his top donors from
2013 to 2018 is a pro-israel in this
case there's pro-israel groups like J
Street that's a totally different issue
they're progressive you me pro-israel in
a lot of ways in this case AIPAC nor
pack their pro-israeli right wing Cory
Booker's supposed to be left wing in
this country right but they give them a
lot of money and all of a sudden Cory
broker said oh but good well of course
there should be a wall of course it
should go exactly where it is what what
are the policies take their land of
course I'm so sorry that I ever had an
ounce of sympathy for Palestinians I
mean it I didn't mean him so he goes
further look and the thing about Cory
Booker is everyone so long we get pushed
by like oh um I know but be fair to Cory
Booker oh he's trying he's trying to
trick you man I'm look it I wish it
weren't the case but look at everything
he does look at the evidence okay so can
I can I mention something that's
actually not related to the
israeli-palestinian issue but you know
just to make the point or I hope you
make the point about who cory booker
really is so cory booker notices that
the democrats are now moving a little to
the left
right now there's a progressive movement
it's a powerful movement and it was you
know a movement that was motivated by
bernie sanders and so he argues he got a
lot of heat for refusing to lower the
prices of pharmaceutical drugs here in
the united states right because he takes
money from pharmaceutical companies got
a lot of heat for that so you know what
he did he said that he would stop taking
corporate pac money which is applauded
Abul right but more importantly he would
use a pause or pause on donations from
pharmaceutical companies what does a
pause mean a pause is essentially
telling everybody okay I'm gonna do this
to kind of trick you guys into thinking
I'm progressive and as soon as I get
what I want
then of course I'm gonna take the
pharmaceutical money again no we're not
idiots it's it's so ham-handed
I mean how do you not see that
everybody's gonna see right through that
saying I'm gonna take a pause on taking
money from pharmaceutical companies as
soon as you're not paying attention I'm
gonna take money from them again if
you're gonna lie just go all the way
what is what a sham what an obvious sham
if you don't want us to call your fraud
stop acting like one so now I'm gonna go
back to the Israel issue and it's not
the only one that he's unfortunately not
been you know upfront about and another
one where he is clearly supported as
donors on so I he did not go to the last
a PAC meeting he almost he goes every
time he didn't go last time why is he
thinks he's gonna run for president
right so he knows that there's a lot of
activists who are upset with a PAC
because it's massively right-wing it's
not a matter of being pro-israel or not
we want to be
pro-israel and pro-palestine we care
about all human beings that's what the
left-wing stands for AIPAC is right wing
and right wing only okay the whole
sherrod that it's nonpartisan is gone
obliterated
no one believes that okay so Booker
knows that he doesn't go to their
conference so he'd say I didn't go to
the AIPAC conference immediately after
that AIPAC representatives come to his
office then what's the point you had a
meeting with them anyway you probably
told him you're gonna give them
everything they want and so like you
think you tricked us by not going to the
conference and so back in 2008 he was at
another AIPAC event and he told people
look I'm not like Jesse Jackson you must
be so proud okay
and he said I'm not like the other
African American leaders you know and I
believe in Israel completely like I'm
not like the other African American
leaders who actually care about
Palestinians by the way African American
leaders right now let alone Jesse
Jackson etc from the past are doing
wonderful work on this issue including
at Netroots where this picture was taken
where black activists got up and
unconnected to anything that they that
was quote-unquote their issues they said
Palestinian rights are human rights and
our black rights we stand with our
brothers okay meanwhile Cory Booker
running away from them okay so he goes
in 2008 to that conferences I'm not like
just Jackson etc and he says you know
what you should do you should find young
african-american leaders like me and
Harold Ford and even more like the more
politicians being other words were
already in your pocket you should go
find them at good schools take them to
Israel and show them all the wonderful
things it's like taking people Israel
capitalists nothing wrong with that but
what he's telling them is a how-to
manual in how to buy future black
politicians Harold Ford another one
corporate packs up the Gazoo will back
every Wall Street proposal left Congress
worked on Wall Street etc so Corey we
see you it's so obvious what you're
doing and so now you're gonna go around
pretend to be a progressive please you
know what else he did last couple of
things here he also attacked Reverend
Jeremiah Wright when Obama was having
that
traversée instead of backing Obama he
went can you believe what Reverend
Wright said about Palestine tsk-tsk-tsk
okay oh yeah yeah okay gets worse he
says that his spiritual advisor is Rabbi
Shmuley Batac are you kidding me man
look I spiritual advisor look we get
criticism here for it like from insane
people who think we're part of the
Council of Zion and you're at us and I'm
part of the Jewish conspiracy we have a
lot of Jewish hosts on The Young Turks
okay that part is absolutely true and
we're proud of it and etc etc right but
why would like a person who goes out of
their way to say I have a spiritual
advisor
it's a rabbi oh you're so best friends I
know it's so patronizing and it's so
obvious okay but you want to do that
it's embarrassing but whatever okay
maybe randomly your spiritual advisor is
a rabbi or maybe okay
no one believes that Corey no one
believes that okay but schmoly bowtie is
a massive right winger why would you why
would you pick a right-wing rabbi is
your spiritual advisor oh I have you
ingratiate yourself enough it's so sad
last one I'm not done with him yet when
Obama was running against Mitt Romney in
2012 and Obama criticized private equity
because Mitt Romney worked at Bain
Capital who was the guy who rushed out
to the press got on TV and said now I
think those attacks are very unfair I
think the people that are working the
private equity in history are noble and
honorable people are you serious yes
cory booker i didn't even know about
that that's insane private equity firms
have destroyed great companies
throughout the united states the most
recent public example of that was Toys R
Us so Wow right look they're good
private equity companies they're
terrible private equity comes there were
some positive things the private equity
does there's some terrible things
private equity does but when Cory Booker
rushes out there you think he did that
because he thinks all private equity is
great which would be a
our position to have or that he is an
earnest know the Wall Street guys
donated to his campaign to no end it's
there it apparently nor pack as his top
donor which I didn't know until this
story okay but Wall Street has
historically been among the top donors
the Cory Booker has ever had so it's not
that he is a right-wing Iran Israel or
anything else it's not that he loves
Wall Street or private equity it's that
he's a puppet it said he loves whoever
was donors are it's insane
so now this guy tells me he doesn't take
corporate PAC money anymore for now I
mean I love that he made that pledge and
when he did I gave him credit but if
you're gonna do all this can you at
least be so transparent well now we
gotta call you out up no I'm glad thank
you for being transparent because at
least we know we know who he really is
and we know what his intentions are so
spare me to talk about oh no
Cory Booker's are real progressive and
you hear you took the pledge for now ya
know a hard no two easy ways follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
