thank you for watching or listening to
this free podcast of The Young Turks we
want to make sure that you get some
portion of the show every day but if you
want the full show which is actually
five segments come become a member and
support independent media as well TYT
Network comm sized joined meanwhile
enjoy the free podcast
all right well the young turks big show
ahead for you guys in just a couple of
minutes we have rage coming so that's
always fun
this one is directed at The Associated
Press an unlikely source we would think
that the Associated Press would be in
the news business and I want them to be
in the news business but unfortunately
apparently not as you're gonna see in a
couple of minutes and then political CNN
of course also go after progressives we
will give you clarity on that as well
and we will defend our own and but we'll
do it based on facts and we'll be honest
about our losses but also be the only
place apparently in the media that
points out our wins and when I say our I
mean yes progressives so and then a
little bit later in the program Cory
Booker genuine or not genuine
progressive or not progressive we have a
couple of answers for you guys again
it's not based on personalities or what
we think of them as human beings it's
based on facts and and what their
positions are okay so a nursing show
coming up for you all if you miss any
part of it you remember if you become a
member you could always get all of it
ad-free t y-t-dot-com so let's join and
you support home and progressives i
don't know where you're gonna find
another show like this or all the shows
that we do and our network okay i don't
think there's a lot of shows right now
on MSNBC defending bernie sanders our
revolution just democrats as i'm about
to do in the next two segments okay so
if you want weaksauce there's plenty of
places to find it if you want a strong
defense of progressives TYT calm /join
alright let's go over here so on this
show we try really really hard to be
fair and we have a clear perspective we
never hide that we're progressives and
we have a point of view about certain
people political parties companies etc
but you
cannot let that get in the way of new
developments facts so boy do we have an
interesting case of that in the case of
Rex Tillerson so I am no fan of Rex
Tillerson and I don't know any
progressive that is Rex Tillerson was
the CEO of Exxon Mobil not only did
Exxon Mobil pollute the environment
contributed to climate change in a
devastating way but new memos show that
they knew about it for a long time and
covered it up
and I believe Rex Tillerson went into
the Trump administration to try to get a
deal with the Russians and ExxonMobil
back on the plate as it turned out it
didn't work as the Senate and the House
overwhelmingly voted for sanctions and
they could not get that half a trillion
dollar deal back into effect so I'm
telling you all that because not only am
I not a fan of registers and there's
good reason not to be a fan of restless
and I'll sprinkle and one more thing his
hypocrisy so ExxonMobil was is one of
the leading companies in the country
that those fracking when they went to do
fracking near Rex Tillerson house in
Texas he flipped out and was like you
know literally not in my backyard so
what happened I thought fracking was
awesome apparently not so much when it's
near your home so all the reasons nots
loved Rex Orson
that being said an interesting report
out of the intercept done by Alex
Hammonds with inside sources inside the
United States government State
Department and the White House showing
that Rex Tillerson might have been a bit
of a hero in this particular case so let
me give you the facts and then you
decide for yourself okay so
Emmons writes in the months that
followed rex sources departure and of
course he has now left the State
Department and he was fired by Trump
press reports strongly suggested that
the country's lobbying hardest for
tillers removal were Saudi Arabia and
the United Arab Emirates both of which
were frustrated by Tilson's attempts to
mediate and end their blockade of Qatar
that's very interesting
now there was some curious situation
around the departure of Rex Tillerson
and Russia now to the point about how to
listen I'm not positive as the most
honest actor in the world to say the
least as soon as the it was made evident
that ExxonMobil did not want that deal
with Russia anymore because they didn't
think we had lift the sanctions
Tillerson
was fired within a week of that ok but
to be fair to Tillerson he disagreed
with Trump on Russia and was much
tougher on Russia than Trump was and
some thought that Trump might have been
mad about that but either way even
though I think that he clearly wanted
that deal done he still was honest in
regards to how he dealt with Russia on
behalf of the United States of America
near the end whether that anger Trump or
not is a good and open question but
apparently Russian interference is not
the only thing we have to worry about as
this story explains there are a lot of
countries trying to interfere with or at
least our policy making that is for sure
let alone our elections now then trying
to influence us is nothing new when
every country tries to influence us
whether they're our allies or our
enemies in one way or another but the
question is do we listen to them and why
do we listen to them so in this case
Tillerson made some enemies in the
United Arab Emirates and Senator Raven
let's find out why they explained
furthermore the citing other people's
reporting as well one report in The New
York Times even suggested that the UAE
ambassador to Washington knew that
Tillison would be forced out three
months before he was fired in March now
that piece of evidence is important
because it goes to show you that not
only did they want him out these foreign
countries UAE in Saudi Arabia not only
they push for it but apparently they
know about it before the American public
did so that shows certainly their
influence in it being able to get them
fired and that apparently at least some
people in the Trump White House can find
in them more than they can find in the
American people
so that now on to the new evidence
Emma's explains that the intercept has
learned of a previously unreported
episode that stoked the UAE in Saturday
because Angra Tillerson and that may
have played a key role in his removal in
the summer of 2017 several months before
the Gulf allies started pushing for his
ouster Tillison intervened to stop a
secret saudi-led UAE backed plan to
invade and essentially conquer Qatar
according to one current member of the
US intelligence community and two former
State Department officials all of whom
declined to be named citing the
sensitivity of the matter Wow so
Saturday Arabia UAE we're going to roll
in tanks to a nearby country and just
take it that's insane I remember the
George HW Bush years you know this the
phrase new world order is very maligned
and people don't like it but you know as
he explained it Bush Senior explained it
it was that you cannot attack another
country that did not attack you now his
son of course destroyed that rule part
of the reason why I was against them but
this would be an absolute obliteration
of that rule guitar didn't do anything
to Saturday being UAE by the way part of
the reason they might have wanted to do
it is some religious rivalry and other
is basically the soap opera of the
different princes and sheikhs and kings
within the Gulf but the third was it's
possible they just wanted to take their
money there's a lot of natural gas in
Qatar Saudi Arabia is now starting to
run out of their money over the last
couple of years they've lost a third of
their reserves which is hundreds of
billions of dollars Qatar on the other
hand it's three hundred and twenty
billion dollars in reserves sitting
there let alone the natural gas that
they have the threatened 20 billion is a
sovereign wealth fund it is just cash so
it's possible that that was just
high-stakes robbery where they would
just take a country for their cash so
that is of course crazy what's even
crazier especially from our perspective
is that we have troops in American
troops inside Qatar
so this plan is mental and so Tillerson
did the right thing he put the brakes on
it so let's give you more information
here in the calls that Tillerson made
Tillison dealt extensively with the
Qatari government as the CEO of
ExxonMobil urged Saudi King Salman then
deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
and foreign minister Adel al-jubeir not
to attack guitar or otherwise as
escalate hostilities the sources told to
intercept
Tosun also encouraged defense secretary
Jim mattis to call his counterparts in
Saudi Arabia to explain the dangers of
such an invasion which you would think
would be obvious but apparently was not
and of course the current Crown Prince
in Saudi Arabia is absolutely reckless
no wonder he and Trump get along so well
he arrested other members of his family
basically stole their money under the
guise of corruption which is hilarious
and as Saudi Arabia now is concerned
about their cash reserves
he bought a yacht that was valued
according to some reports half a billion
dollars not half a million half a
billion dollars for just a boat okay so
that's this guy and he arrested them and
threatened a leader of Lebanon which is
unprecedented basically held him hostage
in Saudi Arabia when he was on a foreign
visit so him thinking of just simply
conquering another country is not only
not unheard of in his crazy case but
look at what they're doing there Yemen
right now Saudi Arabia's created the
worst humanitarian crisis on the planet
with their brutal bombing and blonk aid
of Yemen and these are our so-called
allies hey Trump supporters are you
proud you're proud that your guy is in
bed with Saudi Arabia and and the United
Arab Emirates and does their bidding for
them and fires the American Secretary of
State based on their request Wow Wow I
thought you were concerned that Obama
bowed to someone apparently Trump taking
orders from a sheikh in the middle of a
Muslim country like Saudi Arabia UAE I
don't care to their Muslim but you a lot
of you
Maggie guys care about Muslims
and it turns out your so-called alpha
male is the one taking orders from those
Muslims enjoy more details Li dude Air
Base near Doha Qatar s capital city is
the forward headquarters of US Central
Command and home to some 10,000 American
troops so our Secretary of State says do
not invade a country where we have
10,000 troops and then he gets fired for
according to these internal sources
within the trump administration does
that sound like we're making America
great again I don't think the hatch said
make UAE great again
did they okay the plan which was largely
devised by the Saudi and UAE crown
princes and was likely some weeks away
from being implemented involves Saudi
ground troops crossing the land border
into Qatar and with military support
from the UAE advancing roughly 70 miles
towards Doha circumventing the US air
base Saudi forces would then seize the
capital now that is a terrible plan as
you can see with the war the Saturday
review is conducted in Yemen
apparently wars are not easy you think
you can just walk into our country and
take it how's that working for you in
Yemen not very well you're stuck in a
mire and if it had gone poorly as it
almost certainly would have in Qatar the
Saudis are generally incompetent as a
government it's a dictatorship not
really one based on merit but based on
random genetic lottery so of course and
they grew up incredibly wealthy so the
leadership is a total disaster
they have unearned confidence they've
botched it in Yemen they would have
busted a guitar and in that case our
American troops would have been stuck in
the middle thank God that Rex Tillerson
and Jim Madison whoever else was
responsible
stop that insane idea and Tillerson gets
fired for that Tillerson is not an
American hero in a thousand other ways
but if he actually prevented this war he
saved a ton of lives and some of them
might have been American
and he saved a colossal debacle in the
middle of the volatile Middle East now
meanwhile as Tillison is trying to calm
everything down and trying to explain to
you au Saudi Arabia that hey America
stands with Qatar which has an American
base in the middle of it the only
country in the Gulf that will allow that
right Trump goes out and says at the
same time the nation of Qatar
unfortunately has historically been a
funder of terrorism at a very high level
how about Saudi Arabia have they been a
funder of terrorism Saudi Arabia of
course is the home of fifteen out of the
nineteen 9/11 hijackers it's the home of
Osama bin Laden it's the home of the
people who funded the Sunni insurgency
against us in Iraq and that had our
troops killed but Donald Trump has a lot
of business deals with Saudi Arabia one
of the top fundraisers for the
Republicans Elliott Brody wanted a six
hundred million dollar contract with UAE
and he got one and he raised a lot of
money for Donald Trump let alone any
other nefarious deal that Brody and
Trump have together
Jared Kushner on the phone with the UAE
all the time looking to making business
deal in New York with the UAE before and
he wasn't gonna make one with Qatar and
then backed out of it is that punishment
for this that stuff look maybe we'll
find out later but it is absolutely
evident that the Trump family personally
has a lot invested in Saudi Arabia and
the United Arab Emirates so look and I
don't want anybody to mistake what I'm
saying I got no love for Qatar either
I think Qatar is a huge host of problems
it's also a dictatorship the way that
they've conducted themselves and
building up for the World Cup is a
disaster so Qatar is not necessarily a
great ally of ours either but they do
have an American base and starting a war
with them would be a terrible idea
so but Trump apparently wanted to go in
that direction and his public comments
clearly indicate that he is on the side
of the Saudis in the UAE
and against Qatar and lastly pema's
explains according to one news report
Tillerson was frustrated with the White
House for undercutting him and his aides
suspected that the lie
Trump's prepared rose-garden remarks had
been written by the UAE ambassador use
of al Kaiba a powerful DC player who
maintained quote almost constant phone
and email contact with Trump's
son-in-law Jared Kushner according to
Politico the United Arab Emirates is
writing dumb speeches according to that
report what was that about make America
great again I can't believe that times
I've gotten so dark that we needed Rex
Tillerson to be the cooler head and to
actually care about America and be a
patriot for once but he was apparently
and so for that he should receive a ton
of credit and you should take that in
the totality of his career with
significant downsides but that is a
major upside if it is true that he
prevented a war it doesn't get any
bigger than that and of course the
totally reckless corrupt person who did
not mind that war and was frustrated
that it did not begin was President
Donald Trump okay now that's a story I
was mad about but you ain't seen mad yet
let's go to Associated Press story on
Bernie Sanders Associated Press recently
had a story that I thought was horribly
biased as giant headlines saying that
Bernie Sanders plan for Medicare for all
costs thirty two point six trillion
dollars now as I pointed out in that
piece there were a number of things that
were wrong with them the most important
was that The Associated Press never
clarified that the current health care
system costs thirty three trillion
dollars so some simple math leads you to
believe that Medicare for all then is
less expensive than the current system
not mentioning that is negligent to say
the least now I don't go after this
press because I want to destroy them or
I think there are an enemy of the people
or any other lunatic theory like that
the right-wing has no I actually hold
Associated Press to a very high standard
we need the Associated Press to be a
great press outlet and actually deliver
facts for us leaving out that giant fact
was deeply problematic and we hear the
young turks asked our audience to
contact them about that apparently and i
don't know if this is why they did this
AP fact check but it looks like they got
the message that some people were not
pleased with their last report now they
also did not make clear in the beginning
of that article that the people who
wrote that study about how it cost
thirty two point six trillion dollars
were funded by the koch brothers so they
didn't make it clear in the headline
they didn't make it clear in the first
several paragraphs it was an aside later
in the in the in the article but they
wrote it as if what the study said was
pretty much true and not focusing on the
fact that it comes from a right-wing
perspective with an agenda now the koch
brothers have been against the
affordable care act and of course can't
stand medicare for all you would think
that would be an important context to
point out and i've spent millions of
dollars trying to destroy any of those
systems that would bring expanded health
care to americans important context now
they've made it far worse because today
there's a story out that's as big
letters AP fact check and the title is
sanders spins savings and medicare plan
now you're doing a fact check and
already in your title you charge bernie
sanders with spinning things okay wait
if you say hey look here are as facts
and here are the issues with this facts
and so that is his perspective but we
don't necessarily agree with the
conclusion that would be fair that's a
fact check right but already you're
telling me your perspective and you just
say hey maybe that's their conclusion so
let's go to the body of the article and
see if they did this right so
they talked about how Bernie Sanders
says that medicare-for-all would
actually save overall about two trillion
dollars from the overall amount that we
spent on health care in America in fact
Bernie Sanders used the Koch brothers
founded study to prove that so now that
is where their analysis begins and they
say the facts they set up the what I
just explained to you and then they say
the facts ok great I can't wait to see
what the facts are and remember this
doesn't come from perspective of not
liking the Associated Press or not
cheering for their success
it comes from wanting them to do well
and to give us real journalism but here
they go the facts : Sanders vision of
Eldorado in his tweet and a YouTube
video is being widely echoed by
supporters of a government-run National
Health System now they might be
referring to their Young Turks video
that our viewers sent them thank you
guys for sending that to them
I'm not sure though I don't know unlike
The Associated Press I actually care
about the facts apparently so they might
they might be referring to a different
video that is not important what is
important is the beginning of that you
just told me this was a fact check you
had a big thing that I said in capital
letters the facts and then you started
with Sanders vision of Eldorado what are
they talking about what is it what is
that
Eldorado is a mythical Golden City wait
you didn't give me the facts you just
said that al that Bernie Sanders you
implied lives in a mythical city like a
utopian vision of the world that is
totally unrealistic that's not a fact
that's you saying I don't like Bernie
Sanders
I think his plans to help the American
people is magical and mythical and
that's my opinion well I thought this
was a fat chick Eldorado
could you imagine if they did that in an
analysis of a right winger
and boy do they deserve it Ted Cruz on
his website for his for the United
States Senate ha explained how the
United Nations wants to force us into
Hobbit homes so we covered that years
ago on The Young Turks now there was no
fact-check about how Ted Cruz lives in a
maniacal mythical world where the United
Nations is gonna put us in Hobbit homes
that's a direct quote from Cruz's old
website Hobbit homes that's apparently
not El Dorado why do they hesitate when
it comes to the right wing go to the
right wing's in a course level think
it's gonna gonna call us liberal don't
don't don't be real with them but as
soon as there's a program to help you
guys El Dorado what you could help the
American people was two trillion dollar
tax cut for the rich that was not
Eldorado that put it according to the
latest estimates and by the way do you
do your job
money right at Eldorado piece of fact
check on their Republican tax plan it
has increased from one point five to one
point nine trillion dollars that it's
going to cost us but that was not El
Dorado the Republicans said over and
over again or we care about deficits we
care about deficits then they put a two
trillion dollar hole in our budget that
created a massive deficit did you talk
call that El Dorado no because you're
scared of Republicans and you're so
scared you refused to do your job
besides which it's not just that you can
see in every word of this article that
disdain that the mainstream media has
for progressives dripping from every
word so okay that is a terrible
gratuitous beginning to a so-called fact
check but let's go further let's be fair
did they actually talk about facts and
did they disprove Bernie Sanders so
let's go forward it's a short article
because they don't have the facts on
their side so I'm gonna quote almost all
of it but it's quick so they could refer
to the libertarian study as the study
from the Mercatus Center at George Mason
University in Virginia in their fact
check they do not mention at all that
the study is funded by the Koch brothers
the Koch brothers who have spent
millions of dollars trying to destroy
the Affordable Care Act let alone
Medicare for all they don't they never
mention that you don't think that's
relevant you don't think that's relevant
context and then you wonder why I think
you're not a very good journalist I want
you to be better
but you got a long way to go apparently
oh I'm sorry did you find that
dismissive because I thought this was
fairly dismissive so please don't cry
okay I'm gonna go forward this the study
they say found that if hospitals and
doctors were willing to accept Medicare
based payments of 40% less for patients
who currently have private insurance
than projected US health care spending
would decline by about 3% from twenty
twenty twenty twenty two to twenty
thirty one or two point oh five trillion
dollars you know what that means that
means Bernie Sanders was right they just
told you in their own fact-check that
not Bernie Sanders study the Koch
brothers study does show that if we do
Medicare for all and we use Medicare
rates it saves two trillion dollars for
the country so did they declare Bernie
Sanders is right no they did not say
here comes another dismissive line quote
that's the number of Sanders is
celebrating no that's the number Sanders
is quoting that's a fact
from their own study I think the study
actually is biased we would save a lot
more than two trillion dollars in there
are other studies to indicate that but
you don't talk about that so I guess
that's the one you're celebrating okay
so what are the facts for God's sake are
you ever gonna do any facts in your fact
check so let me quote them at length to
see if we can find anything okay so they
say but the study said also said if
medical providers continue to be paid
about the same as now US health care
spending would increase by three point
two five trillion dollars over ten years
under Medicare for all it works to about
five percent more so you just said the
study says if you do Medicare for all
with Medicare rules you will save two
trillion dollars but if you do Medicare
for all and it isn't Medicare for all
and you decide to pay more than it would
cost more that's true but then that
wouldn't be Medicare for all so I think
you kind of proved our point
but no no no you have to attack Bernie
Sanders
you have to pretend that his plan is
unrealistic okay
even though look at your own facts did
any is there a fact checker in The
Associated Press is there an editor its
Associated Press did you look at this
and not get embarrassed
wait but hey hold on the guy who seemed
like you're quoting things that Bernie
Sanders said that are actually true okay
so now last part here this is quoting
the study listen to what the study says
and this is let's be careful here
he says they said more generous health
care insurance would provide to everyone
at the expense of health care providers
whether providers could sustain such
losses and remain in operation and how
those who continued operations would
adapt to such dramatic payment
reductions are critically important
questions so even the study itself did
not say that you can't do Medicare costs
and prices it said if you do they the
Koch brothers funded study is concerned
that doctors and hospitals will not
accept those payments it did not
conclude that it would cost more it
included that those would be questions
for Medicare for all The Associated
Press takes the best reading of the Koch
study and then says no they didn't say
questions they concluded it and they are
correct it's not like I'm going to
actually do my own study it's not like
I'm gonna do my actual reporting I'm
just gonna tell you what the study says
take it as a fact and then I'm gonna add
on top of it the study didn't even say
it I just read it to you the study said
or critically important questions the
question is are you really gonna pay the
Medicare rates or are you going to be
forced to pay higher rates now if the
Associated Press said that's a fair
question it is a fair question that
would be a fair debate but didn't to
take that and to say no the study
concludes that the prices will be higher
it did not conclude that you just told
me it didn't conclude that and then to
take the studies word for it as if
you're not a news organization
and that's it that's the whole fact
check and then so they are declaring
that Bernie Sanders is spinning and that
he lives in Eldorado even though the
body of the article says he's right
according to Koch brothers study their
own study if we actually did Medicare
rates which is what we would do under
Medicare for all
it would save us two trillion dollars I
don't want you to do terrible journalism
I believe in journalism I want you to do
great journalism so that I could cite it
on the show we need the Associated Press
we need orders we need McClatchy and and
if we need knight-ridder and the print
journalists are the only ones that are
actually doing journalism in this
country if we have to rely on cable news
we're all ruined so I don't want to tear
your house down I want to help you build
it right but if your disdain for
progressives least is such a monumental
bias that you attack all progressive
ideas despite the facts that are in your
own story then I have got the question
whether you're a good journalist this
certainly proves otherwise if you don't
like that don't look at us and get upset
look in the mirror actually have some
editors get together at the Associated
Press and go wait a minute
it appears that their point is based on
the facts now I can get upset and you
can say well hey you're upset so I'm not
gonna listen to you okay that's fair
it's not fair that makes no sense but
you know that that's so uncivil uncivil
he raised his voice what are the goddamn
facts that's your job we have a
perspective and were clear about it but
we never twist the facts to suit our
perspective we tell you what they are I
mean to ask the Associated Press to do
likewise is the bare minimum of what
they should do this was abhorrent and
unfortunately a lot of the mainstream
press and they don't know it and it's
not a conspiracy but in their groupthink
in their bubble in their minds the right
wing is to be feared and respected the
establishment is to be revered the
status quo
Tisha's the Pentagon official sources
revered progressives disdain dismissive
irrelevant to be attacked and mocked and
that's no longer our opinion you just
showed it yourself with this disastrous
so-called fact checked with absolutely
no facts Young Turks you're right in the
middle of this podcast we get another
great segment coming up for you if you'd
like to full show which is actually five
segments go to TYT Network calm slash
join you become member you support the
show you support independent media and
you get the whole to our show ad free
every day let's go do it now all right
guys lots to do I gotta get your
comments later let me do two more
stories real quick and then Anna's got a
ton of stories for you guys as well so
let's go right over here and get started
okay so CNN and Politico and a lot of
other organizations covered the Tuesday
elections some more fairly than others
and in Tuesday's elections for
progressives there were some excellent
wins there were some disheartening
losses and it was a mixed bag and if you
reported that way that is true so I'm
gonna give you the full context here
first let's go to CNN's reporting they
say Alexander Cassio Cortes movement
failed to deliver any stunners Tuesday
night now I don't love the word fail in
in the title it seems like it is not
mixed news it makes it seem like it's
totally terrible news that it was a
failure but when you go to the text of
the article it's not as bad so they say
there were no major surprises I would
argue that Jamie's Schoolcraft winning
was a very nice surprise I'll tell you
about him in a second Rashidah Talib was
in fifth place and went to first I would
argue that was a surprise but it's not
an overly offensive thing to say it's if
if off it's off by a little bit they
explain that another Sanders in Ocasio
Cortes favored James Thomson won
comfortably so that at least gives some
context for some of the victories so
that's also good I'm trying to be fair
here and giving you all sides the the
negative and the positive for how this
coverage went in the mainstream media
and then they explained the most
heartening results for leftist came in
Michigan's 13th congressional district
where a former state lawmaker Rasheeda
Talib outlasted a crowded field and
that's good that's great so they
mentioned Thompson and they mentioned
Talib so now overall they painted one of
general failure they mentioned two of
the winners you know I guess my
expectations for the mainstream media is
low enough that I found that almost to
be a relief Politico of course was far
far worse lately The Associated Press
which should be the bastion of
objectivity has been unfortunately quite
bad at how they report on progressives
and I would argue in fact biased now so
but I want to give full context here so
it's not true that the overall denied
was a bad one in fact there were great
many victories for progressives
throughout the night including for
working families party our revolution
which we'll get to in a second
P trip will see and and certainly the
just Democrats and McCulloch was
defeated in Missouri he would he's one
of the worst prosecutors in the country
and he's the one that basically helped
the police evade justice in the Michael
Brown case so that was a great victory
for progressives but just on justice
Democrats alone there was 13 races one
is still not decided believe it or not
in Washington's ninth district so the 12
that have been decided if you looked at
the CNN article you would have gotten
the impression that the just Democrats
lost the overwhelming majority but that
is not true they actually went 6 for 12
so they went literally 1/2 the races
that actually sounds pretty good so let
me show you the winners just to help out
here James Thomson as they mentioned in
Kansas for that great victory closed
what was a 27 point victory for the
Republicans in that district and a
special election down is six and now
that he's won is primary anything is in
great shape to
actually win that race in the general
election and he has moved on Matt Morgan
in Michigan's first district another
Joseph Democrat and that means no
corporate PAC money and a progressive
platform also one Rob Davison Michigan's
second District also won now those races
were were not surprises that is true
okay now let James Thompson with a nice
solid victory but he was also expected
to win Rasheeda Talib was definitely a
surprise certainly from the beginning of
the process like I said she was in fifth
place she kept moving up moving out
moving up and eventually winning a very
close race so that's the victory number
for the person they didn't mention at
all as Jamie Schoolcraft now I think
that's the most interesting case he's in
Missouri seventh he was outspent
two-to-one so he barely won right Kazak
you already know he's the winner no he
didn't barely win he won by 30 points I
would count that as a significant
surprise how much coverage his Jamie
Schoolcraft got outside of the Young
Turks I don't know that he's gotten any
coverage he won by 30 points after being
massively outspent and the final victory
was per millage i appalled she is an
incumbent that was also not a surprise
again to be fair to CNN but she is a
justice Democrat and likely will be part
of that caucus in in the next Congress
so overall not terrible coverage by CNN
and and they had some caveats in there
but I thought obviously if you give the
full context you see that there was
significant progressive victories and
overall the night was split and don't
get me wrong I've already told you this
for two days straight but I'll say it in
the context of this stories - they were
painful losses
Cory Bush Brent welder Abdullah Saeed so
there was some painful losses and
someone wonderful victories that's the
reality so now we go to Politico where
you are not going to get the reality so
they painted as a Bernie issue and their
headline on surprising given that is
Politico and their enormous disdain and
bias against Bernie Sanders is Bernie
and his army are losing 2018 House
for context okay and just in case you
weren't clear on where they stand they
are not going to give you the full
picture instead in the body of the
article they have lines like this over
and over again
Bernie Sanders is sputtering okay now
Politico did a hit job on our revolution
earlier again there emitted all their
victories and only focused on their
losses if you talk about their losses
that's fair that's real we're not
nobody's trying to cover that up but you
should also talk about their wins that's
called journalism what you're doing is
as usual and I know that the people in
Washington think this is crazy like oh
my god but yes you are biased against
progressives it's so obvious from all of
your coverage Bernie Sanders losing
sputtering our revolution disorganized I
can't believe he has no organization
plus he's not part of our revolution he
set it up but he can't technically be
involved in the organization you leave
that out of your stories or you pointed
out with no sense of irony or hypocrisy
right so again and again Politico with
their attacks against progressives so I
don't care what the Republicans say and
as a reporter you shouldn't care oh well
the Republicans say we're liberals so we
have a liberal bias so we're going to go
out of our way to bash liberals does
that sound like journalism to you that
sounds like cowardice to me
it certainly doesn't sound objective so
again I'm gonna give you the full
context here in a second they go on to
say two years after his defeat in the
2016 presidential primary the Vermont
senator has amassed a growing string of
losses and races in which he has
intervened this is so-called reporter
David siders and then they go on to say
you get the whole sense of it here
Sanders also campaigned for James
Thompson who won his primary in the less
competitive Kansas House District
Tuesday and our revolution endorsed
candidates have already won local
contests elsewhere now I give you that
because I'm trying to be fair to them
that was their only caveat for lost just
sputtering terrible James Thompson won
and and I guess there was local election
somewhere and they want some of those
but anyway well
moving back to Sanders is terrible can't
wait at all now look if you want to
point out that Sanders supported Brent
welder Abdullah signed and they didn't
win
that's super fair that's what happened
but if you don't talk about the
victories well then I have to question
whether you're a biased why are you
leaving out the victories now it's not
like political doesn't know the Bernie
Sanders started our revolution they did
a giant hit job just a little while ago
saying that everything that our
revolution did can be pinned on Bernie
Sanders and it's Bernie Sanders fault
you can go back and read that story
that's a fact that they wrote that so
why don't you look at how our revolution
did on Tuesday night oh if you had asked
them if you were an actual reporter you
might have found out they won a lot of
races so just like the just Democrats
went about 50/50 they won six out of 12
that are decided our revolution back
twenty four candidates on Tuesday night
and guess how many of them won if you
read Politico you might have thought one
or you know or just a couple no out of
the twenty four eleven one and four the
races are not decided yet so since
political apparently never bothered to
ask our revolution or even just go to
their website I'll read it to you so
that I could educate Politico if you
think that that sounds dismissive how do
you think you sound to us so here you go
if you actually bother do reporting you
would find out the our revolution back
James Thompson and obviously for US
Congress in Kansas forth
George Hannah and Kansas State House
District 47 mark Bignell Michigan State
Senate District 33 Rasheeda Talib in
Michigan's thirteenth by the way they
won on a very important issue and very
decisively on no on Prop a the Missouri
ballot measure that was really important
to the unions in the working class in
Missouri a resounding victory which
Politico seems to have forgotten about
in bashing our revolution and Bernie
Sanders again Adrienne plank Missouri
Statehouse district 47 Mike Ellis
Skelton Missouri Statehouse district 50
Curtis Wilde Missouri Statehouse
district 107 / millage I appalled US
Congress Washington 7th victory
Horace Thurston County prosecutor in
Washington Aaron Fraser Washington State
House district 19 Jesse Lewis Washington
state Senate District 6 so don't tell me
that you do objective reporting because
you don't you don't even do neutral
reporting I used to criticize
organizations like Politico because they
was just saying oh well he said she said
they're probably gonna say this and
Democrats say that I mean how would I
know what am i reporter know who cares
will to Republicans say in the Democrats
say what is the reality in this case if
you were had the so-called liberal bias
you want to talk about all the victories
and not mention the losses at all we
have a perspective we're progressive
we're honest about that but you think we
covered up the losses no those losses
were really really painful we talked
about him all night long but we also
talked about the victories because
unlike you we might have a perspective
but we're not biased and we're not
looking to cover up the truth because
that wouldn't help our audience so
what's your Excuse Politico so within
the context of these stories and then
there's more where this came from in the
mainstream media the CNN story seems
benign I think they could have done a
better job of giving context but I'm
being fair to them whereas the political
story was yet another hatchet job
against Bernie Sanders and progressives
are revolution and all these
organizations because they're biased
they don't like progressives almost all
of their stories attack progressives and
that's the reality and I just proved it
and by the way since the last time I did
the story about their last hatchet job I
challenged them all right well show us
any stories you wrote that was actually
fair not positive not not something that
skews artificially in favor of
progressives just give me any story that
you wrote that was in any way earned in
a positive way or fair towards
progressives nothing nothing when
there's an opportunity to bash
progresses political will show up every
time when progressives have victories
I wonder if you're biased Politico takes
as from giant corporations all day long
and this supports corporate politicians
how dare you mention that bias how dare
you that's our living we make all the
money from these people who support the
corporate politicians oh you're not
allowed to point out our bias only the
right wing is allowed to point out our
non-existent bias your bias it's even
it's not so much that they're
right-wingers or that they're
conservative it's that they cater to
their advertisers they cater to
corporations they cater to the status
quo if anything they have a really deep
seeded establishment bias if it comes
from an established government official
the White House the Pentagon a
corporation as a politician someone they
find official oh yes absolutely sir
absolutely sir progressives are trying
to challenge the establishment us
pottering law says I'm not gonna tell
you about their wins Politico is one of
the worst organizations in mainstream
media so don't believe the hype we're
not like the right-wing we don't want
the politicos of the world to be
terrible at their job we want them to be
good at their job we won good strong
healthy journalism but it ain't Politico
okay now give you one last thing here I
got worked up man
I got worked up okay Kanye Lange has an
election in on Saturday that is unusual
that is the state of Hawaii where they
actually care if you vote in fact a
mail-in ballots are available in Hawaii
partly because Kanye Lange as a state
legislator sponsored that resolution and
got it passed
well his elections coming up on Saturday
so here comes the Justice League
Alexandra Castillo Cortez changed her
schedule she had had attended Netroots
she came here she was on The Young Turks
she went the Netroots she was supposed
to go back home she said no I'm gonna go
help my fellow just Democrat Kayne Liang
so tonight there is a rally in Hawaii
Acacio Cortez
in Hawaii they go immediately and you
need to go and join them doors open at
5:30 Hawaiian time 6:30 the event begins
you must RSVP there and you could watch
if you don't live in Hawaii you could
watch it on facebook.com slash rebel HQ
as always we will be streaming all these
progressive events and we stream all of
them at facebook.com slash rebel HQ
famous Hawaiian singer - vana is also
going to be there he is going to join
them and and I love when progressives
stick up for each other and especially
Acacio Cortez who goes out of her way to
make sure she helps fellow progressives
fellow justice Democrats all these
scathing articles in Politico Associated
Press etc about the losses on Tuesday
night for progressives not mentioning
the winds right and then they questioned
her on it and they say you know hey you
know why are you still out there and you
know and they try to basically shame her
and other progressives over what
happened in Tuesday night again if you
weren't paying attention or you watch
the mainstream media
you probably got implicitly lied to the
reality is half of the just Democrats
candidates one half of our revolution
candidates one you don't get that
perspective at all from the press but
even so there was a quote that I really
liked from Alexandria she said wins in
the short term are important mile
markers and necessary to building power
but you can't be afraid of loss fear
keeps people from accomplishing great
things I love that quote because a
regular politician the last poll that
was taken Cohn yella is not winning he
can win you have to go out there and
vote and and we think the volunteers can
make a huge difference go to his website
volunteer there that could make huge
difference this rally can make a huge
difference and he has it he totally has
a chance of winning if you get involved
that is absolutely possible but a
careful politician would go well wait a
minute he's not leading he's
leading by a lot yet so I'm not going to
go risk my career or my reputation
especially with the press yelling at me
non-stop
to go help someone else that might not
win then that has some percentage chance
of winning but not a good enough
percentage chance that is how
politicians act not Acacio Cortez
she said no I'm gonna go help that
fellow progressive I don't care what you
think his chances of winning are I know
that there are less if I don't go to
help him if other progressives don't go
to help them so whatever you do go to
con yella ENCOM get involved go to this
rally it's tonight so you have plenty of
time in Hawaiian time right now
obviously that would be a xxx Pacific
time but in Hawaii it's at 5:30 attend
the rally RSVP watch it on Facebook but
most importantly volunteer and vote if
you want progressives you have to
actually show up and make sure that they
win Kayne Lange is a just Democrat no
corporate PAC money uncorrupted the rest
of the people in that race are some of
the most conservative Democrats in the
country Hawaii is a deeply progressive
state there's no reason why they should
have like private prison lobbyists yes
he's up against private prison lobbyists
and the Democratic primary that's crazy
go vote for a progressive who's actually
gonna fight for you and now Acacio
Cortes coming to help him in that fight
that's the kind of unity I love so if in
wins that would be another person in the
Justice League as I been telling you
today six just Democrats won on Tuesday
so there are now 18 going towards
general election and the Justice League
Rose Justice Democrats comm / con yella
inge is another way that you can get
involved he needs your donations and
your volunteer time to overcome the
corporate money that his other so-called
Democrats have in in his primary so
let's go out there and fight for our own
just like Ocasio Cortez's all right I
gotta take a break we got a lot more
news for you when we return thanks for
watching or listening to this free
version of The Young Turks podcast you
know that the full show is at TYT
Network comm / join if you become a
member you're the full show
freak we love you for watching or
listening either way there's gonna be a
new free podcast tomorrow you can keep
on doing that but if you want to get the
full show ad free TYT Network comm slash
join
