never no full Nazi Laura in some parts
of the country it does seem like the
America that we know and love doesn't
exist anymore hmm what does she mean by
this go on massive demographic changes
have been foisted upon the American
people oh that's what she means cuz i
because i saw tractors and i thought
maybe she was talking about agricultural
production nope we're about to hear some
good old-fashioned dog whistling it's so
good it brought the dogs out and the
changes that none of us have were voted
for and most of us don't like who's this
us you're talking about Laura especially
since the majority of Americans do
support immigration from Virginia to
California we see stark examples of how
radically in some ways the country has
changed radical changes like taco trucks
in dare I say kebab shops a terrifying
notion only for someone who believes her
culture is superior to others but doubly
hilarious since this kind of demographic
fear-mongering is identical to what your
late mother faced is the daughter of
Polish immigrants back when they were
the latest demographic scourge on us
culture but go on why is this happening
Laura now much of this is related to
both illegal and in some cases legal
immigration that of course progressives
love another classic oops I accidentally
sig Heil at the Republican National
Convention moment for you don't listen
to me I'm the Muslim scourge I'll let
this neo-nazi tell you all about what
the immigration dog-whistle actually is
leftist who sometimes understand us
better we understand ourselves have
always sensed this they know that when
we talk about immigration we're not
really talking about immigration for us
immigration is a proxy for race this
this is a sure way over time to remake
and reshape America is no different than
this we are not supposed to thank you
very much about the fact that our
country is turning into an extension of
Mexico with a strong flavour of Africa
and Asia you know what this is about
you've always known what this is about
after all is the same Laura who got her
start as a student journalist by daxing
and out in gay students at Dartmouth
University even though she has a gay
brother is the same Laura Ingraham who
now makes forty five million dollars to
mock school shooting victims to make
light of internment camps for immigrant
children and a balloon
black athletes must they run their
mouths like that and then to tell them
to shut up and dribble here's the
reality
none of the racial agitation Laura gets
paid to promote on fox news every night
will actually impact her this is simply
to play upon the fears of the lesser
educated viewers who feel the pain of
being disenfranchised by our current
hyper capitalist hell world but need a
tangible target to focus their anger on
Laura probably doesn't personally hate
immigration after all she has an adopted
daughter from Guatemala and two adopted
boys from Russia Laura knows she has the
wealth to secure a comfortable future
for her children she just wants to make
you pay attention to other things while
she makes a tidy profit I'm a Samba
group we're sick of racist Nazi dog
whistles on state media please share
this video with your friends also please
leave your thoughts in the comment
section below and don't forget to
download the TYT app both on the Android
and Apple app stores and this has been
the breakdown
