I'm pretty mad too really mad
so at Belmar no I'm past them so the
update is that yes they had a new voting
machine in at least one particular
County in Kansas and yes they are having
computer issues yes they say it's gonna
take two to three extra hours to sort it
out I'll tell you what I'm mad about so
okay so that sucks and we were hoping
for those results obviously and this was
a really interesting night and those
results are vitally important but I am
now worried that they screwed it up so
badly that they might not have the
results yeah so how many times on the
show have we talked about god damnit get
the voting booths right so these a lot
of local yokels like oh we got it we got
a man whether it's the stupid Russia
interference or just for God's sake
verifying the vote under any and all
circumstances oh no we got it you don't
have it you don't have it no it's new
voting machines something went wrong you
know why because something always goes
wrong
I don't know how computerized it is
right but do you not many times there's
mistakes with computers only a billion
you would think they're the best tech
work guys in the world in the middle of
Kansas maybe they do or maybe some other
people have better tech guys so when
they come out with those results I hope
they're right and and I it's terrible
either way either way they just come out
with magically Brent was leading oops we
fixed the computer he's not leading
anymore
in which case there will be a fucking
rage like they've never seen before
right or oh yeah as with Brent one well
now you tainted the victory a little bit
because of your stupid fucking
computer problems which we warn your a
billion times make sure that we get on
this what act that okay I'm in a rage
man
that asshole Donald Trump Oh rush is the
best America sucks we don't have to do
anything about our voting
with fucking Republicans we asked for
250 million dollars to fix the local
voting problems in this country and they
do they refuse to give it they're like
oh we got it already we saw it's all
figured out we just covered that story
last week on the show yeah it's all
figured out don't worry we don't need
any extra money to fix voting issues in
America oops a computer is not working
it didn't occur to you that you might
have computer problems hey again it's
not about this just this district what
happens when we go to the general
election
there's not one computer problem there's
17 computer problems
nope number one you're gonna have 17
computer problems in a good case
scenario across the country in a general
election and then what if it's not a
good case scenario and there are people
trying to hack in and maybe they're
foreigners maybe they're not maybe it's
just somebody who decided hey you know
what money in politics isn't working
like it used to fuck it let's do
something else do you know how painfully
easy it is to hack into those computers
god dammit they've totally screwed up
this fucking election so if you're
wondering the people to tweeting in
about how we're cursing well be careful
what you wish for it right so it's this
is not a cyst it's not part of the cable
package as a set or whatever we can
curse so I'm gonna keep on cursing
because I I mean I hope it gets sorted
out and I hope that it's fine now what
if it doesn't sort out now this is I'm
only the things I'm gonna rage about are
not even the worst case scenario the
worst case scenario is oops we fucked it
up then what are you gonna do we don't
know what up we don't know what the
votes are then what are you gonna do
what are you gonna do the election over
are you gonna do the election over only
in that County when would you do the
election over we told you to fake
fucking fix the computer fix the voting
system
how many times did we say it a million
times but everybody in powers sitting
around good now it'll be fine it'll be
fine no it won't you said you had you
don't have it see it's like it's not
only in my piss cuz it's in my opinion
along with Alexandra crosshair Cortez
and Alison Hartson
this is was among the most important
elections of the entire primary season
Kansas third District but I'm also mad
because it affects so much more about
our election system but I'm also mad
because it's this is now maybe it's
personal but it's a pet peeve of mine
when people say oh I got this I got this
and I can tell you don't have it you're
just giving out false bullshit bravado
oh my god just don't worry about it and
it's always the most incompetent people
who say that right and then lo and
behold it turns out you didn't know what
the fuck you were doing so here we are
you just got to sit here you know
whether we're on air or off here and at
some point they're gonna have some
result this is the voting system in
America we don't treat it like it's
important that's for sure I have never
used one of those machines whether
computer or non computer that seemed
like it had been designed by a person
who knew what a machine was or how it
was supposed to work I mean think about
how preposterous it is that's why it
gets under my skin even more when people
say things that are obviously irrational
and then the whole world goes along like
oh yeah that makes sense yeah yeah
you're telling me it forget Kansas man
name it Kentucky Broncs state of
Washington Hawaii you name any place you
like in the country but all of those
local officials all across the country
are all computer geniuses they all know
how to protect that particular machine
better than any hacker in China any
hacker in Russia any hacker in America
that wants to do something nefarious
they all know
a guy in the middle of Kentucky and in
the middle of Rhode Island somehow all
of the local officials we have are the
top computer experts in the world
bullshit obvious monumental bullshit so
for God's sake this is a national
security issue are we gonna actually
have votes we can rely on or are we not
and then we're just gonna go huh okay
and after an election you know what they
do they always say okay don't don't
disturb anything that people will get
panicked just it's fine no no no no we
looked into it and every time they look
into it it turns out he came back fine
he came back fine the fuck does fine
mean right can you verify no no no we
will not verify it local officials are
all computer geniuses and all have to be
trusted 100% without verification this
is the fucking state that we're in in
this so-called democracy we talked about
on the damage report we talked about a
hacker conference last year that had
some of them voting machines brought in
and it was a competition to see if they
could crack them and it was comical how
easy it was to clog in a USB key you
access the Wi-Fi some of the default
passwords are literally 1 2 3 4 5 a joke
on Spaceballs from the 80s the actual
password here's the thing you know it's
really hard to hack paper no we got it
we got it guys don't worry about it we
got it you don't have it so here we are
no one knows how that County is gonna
come in when the results come out how
are we supposed to interpret the
information if votes are lost and there
is no paper trail how would we ever know
how would any individual know that their
vote had not been counted I would say
this right now if right now Brent welder
is leading if that they say oh I had
computer problems and but trust me now
he's losing after by bullshit computer
problems and I'm not going to let you
verify it who we will fucking March to
Kansas man
