ridiculous is that Bill Maher would
debate you about this topic that you
disagree with him on if you remember the
alt-right yeah if you were a ridiculous
insane conservative funded by the Koch
brothers he'd have you on if you were a
provocateur he'd have you on but if
you're a reasonable intelligent
progressive you got like no chance
basically not even a panel it alone the
actual debate the interview segment well
there's a good chance that Bill Maher is
scared and so if you're in the real
world you got everything that's weird
what do you mean by that
but I worked in cable news and I know
that a lot of the other hosts pick
really weak substitutes so that their
position is never challenged now it
actually hurts the ratings overall when
their substitute hosts don't do as well
but do you think I'm better than I keep
my job so I'll pick some weak sauce guys
to fill in for me
now one of the reasons I love Dylan
Ratigan is he didn't care about that
stuff and he was not bothered by it the
late ed Schultz also had me fill in and
wasn't bothered by it okay they want
another progressive voices on so I'll
always be indebted for them for doing
that but guys like Bill Maher they just
get comfortable in their little chair
and they're like oh great ben shapiro
come on yeah let's have a BS
conversation oh you're so dangerous Ben
or are they blocking you on college
campuses Ben let's cry together cuz Bill
Maher makes money on college campuses
ben shapiro makes money on college
campuses so that one affects them and
their rich asses so all of a sudden they
care a lot about that okay and cullen
note noir I think it's the nra guy you
know of any conservative on and by the
way you could either be friendly to him
and he'll have you on as a conservator
you spit in his face and he'll have you
on as a conservative but the only
progressives who get on are ones who
kiss his ass yeah so what is the last
time you saw a progressive challenge
anyone on Bill Maher's program almost
never happens what do you have you have
a lot of pad
kake's a lot of corporatists so I'm not
saying that there are no progressives
that I've ever been on there's some good
folks like Van Jones etc but they all
get along pretty fine
what has Bill Maher ever done a hostile
and everywhere the progressive he's done
a million with conservatives it's a real
question I had can you remember any I I
mean look I did have it's not the same
thing but after his house and word
comment he had I think it was Ice Cube
on and it was a very tense a very tense
interview okay about that but that was
not about progressive politics it was
just someone it was because he was in
trouble
yeah right yeah he didn't go easy on him
though okay good
yeah no not on the policy no okay anyway
so it doesn't matter man it doesn't
matter in in these old timers like Bill
Maher he just he's gonna sit there
forever and just milk it oh let's do a
show let's have Jack Kingston on he's
the moderate Republican who there are no
moderate Republicans well but we'll call
a moderate and we'll legitimize their
point of view let's you know let's have
you know the standard writers from the
standard newspapers and magazines and
let's have Nancy McLain on and go boo
convention don't you change don't you
change aren't we having fun hey HBO
where's my money
I think he's gonna have you uh no yeah I
don't give a damn nine okay no yeah no
like he he has an in on how has he not
had an ax Kasparian on his show in years
doesn't make any sense whatsoever he
obviously does not care about bringing
in new young progressive viewers so you
know if you say hey Jane you seem
animated and it's always seems like you
do care and I'm bringing it up because
I'm thinking in my head maybe I do care
right because I am animated by it and
and so as you're talking I was trying to
think of why right so are shows as big
as it is it's not like if I went on Bill
Maher show oh wow
our show would get bigger it's that's a
work like that right and and there's an
excellent argument to be made that we're
in terms of audience we're much larger
and Bill Maher so so what is it I think
it bothers me and it does right keeping
it real
it bothers me that like everyone else he
does establishment group think
progressives are person non grata
persona non-grata
right you can't have an eye on you can't
have GenCon you can't have any of the
Young Turks on you just have the
standard establishment guys yeah and you
couldn't you could have Rob Reiner on
you can have Michael Moore on those
sorts of people and good like I love
Michael Moore but you can't have you me
and on or pickup get god damn it the TYT
Network is gigantic we have dozens of
hosts pick one yeah Kyle kolinsky Jimmy
Dore pick one there's a million of them
right no because in their minds
everybody in this that was spinning yes
bill your old ass is definitely in the
establishment okay oh I'm such a fighter
for change I gave Obama a million
dollars as it many other banks
congratulations anyway so they think
hookah service are cool and interesting
Bishop eros and intellectual Wow it's
the singer right and establishment
people are awesome right progressive
hood progressives have somebody from
chapo Trap House on I don't know how
just you can't find a progressive in the
country a real progressive and that's
someone who's miss sitting in Washington
for forty eight straight years and by
the way conservatives are not going to
watch your show you could have the NR a
guy on one week and then Ben Shapiro and
then me low it doesn't matter
maybe they'll watch that clip on YouTube
they're not watching your show it's not
gonna happen stop thinking that you're
gonna seem like the super reasonable one
that just one self a conversation with
absurd insane people it's not going to
work and they're the last thing they're
old excuse was well
progressives agree with Bill so it's
redundant well under that logic you
shouldn't have any progressives on
Sanibel that's not remotely true we
obviously disagree on many things
and what do you disagree with this novel
spring guys know you guys do play patty
cakes every single day all that you do
is one big sign giant circle jerk of
agreement hey Bill you agree okay I
agree oh I totally agree corporate
Democrats are awesome everybody
high-five Trump sucks right drum sucks
boy that was hard wow man we're bold
we're super bold we figured out like 89%
of the country that Trump sucks okay and
corporate Democrats are awesome
wonderful right why do you get somebody
on to challenge you from the left
never so I guess I'm concluding that
it's because you're scared and you're
worried that if you had a real
progressive on it would expose you for
the establishment a guy that you have
become I remember when you were a
boulder and yes he got kicked out of ABC
for the 9/11 joke and I supported him
for that and I supported him on a
hundred different things back when 58
years ago he took some chances
