Rober is a wonderful guy is good
progressive he means well it's very
smart
obviously labor secretary on a Clinton
but very very progressive but he has
gotten into this groupthink where they
say oh the article five convention in
the Constitution is the boogeyman so and
now Bill Maher's on it Nancy McLean is
going around fear-mongering everywhere
wrote a book that look I don't want I
didn't read the whole book so I can't
say the whole books not true I could
tell you the parts that are not accurate
though okay and she was on Bill Maher's
program and Bill Maher he doesn't know
anything so he's like oh my god you're
right that sounds like an establishment
Democratic Party I really like and like
to promote on Real Time with Bill Maher
okay so you're a fan of the show right
yeah anyway so the toy boy they're
saying is a convention is bad because
conservatives are trying to use it well
hey that makes no sense
it's like saying voting is terrible we
gotta end the voting we gotta end of
voting right now cuz I go oh my god you
guys never gonna believe this I wrote a
whole book about it turns out no
Republicans are also voting that's
actually in the Republican position
about Democrats yeah I know right one
end isn't that ironic so yeah okay so if
you want to have people vote the other
way great you should do that that's our
democracy if you want to end the vote as
a process that is against our democracy
against our Constitution so the
convention allows for you to propose
amendments to the Constitution only to
propose right so they're like no don't
propose any amendments using the
convention well okay well let's break
that down and see if that makes any
sense
if you say I don't want the good service
and proposed an amendment all right god
bless that straw I don't want them
proposing amendments either I don't
think they're gonna get ratified but
that's okay I'm I'm a progressive I
don't want them winning on those issues
if you say because of that no one should
propose amendments well that's
preposterous
that's unilateral disarmament and it is
going against the Constitution
and it makes no sense why would you let
only conservatives propose amendments
it's not like they're gonna stop it's
not like they're like Oh Nancy McClean
was on Bill Maher did you guys see that
okay now let's stop no balanced budget
amending it and and and bill says he's
against it now so let's put it away
right okay so none of these make any
logical sense so far then they say well
we don't want it's so close because they
have 28 states that have already been
counted for a balanced budget amendment
that's only half right they don't tell
you the rest of the story the rest of
the story is there's other conservative
calls for a convention and they're
actually passed the 34 states and
Congress has already counted them so if
you could count them together we would
already have a convention yeah that's a
fact that's a fact there's more than 34
states that have been counted by
Congress that are just conservative
forget Wolfpack forget to call for a
convention to clean up our elections and
to get money out of politics and have
free and fair elections even if you
don't count the Wolfpack resolutions
they have more than enough so why don't
we have a convention you wrote a whole
book about it did you think to address
that why don't we have a convention Bob
brush I love your brother but why don't
we have a convention can you answer it
you can't answer it because it isn't
true that you could put the different
topics together so please stop saying
it's true but it's not it's just not
true
okay so I'm not even at the point of the
most absurd point finally and Russia had
this in a video that he put on Facebook
recently he said well you know it is
conventions are so scary
that in the middle of a convention they
could just decide to rewrite the whole
Constitution and not need ratification
well I'm sorry brother but that's I
really respect you so I don't say it's
bordering on a lie I'm I respect you
enough to say it's not a lie because I
don't believe you have bad intent but
its bordering on it
because the Article five in the
Constitution is crystal clear it says
the convention is to propose amendments
and no matter what amendment is proposed
it must be ratified by three-quarters of
the states
it must be ratified you cannot change
that if you wanted to change that
that would have to be ratified by
three-quarters of the states so you are
taking the the incredibly clear reading
of the article five convention which
previously no conservative or liberal
had ever disagreed with and now just
making stuff up and go don't believe
your lying eyes Article five says that
you could just ignore article five that
makes no sense at all
that is not true not remotely true so
and then finally their last point is my
God if we have a convention Morka
service might go and then they could
propose any amendments they like I don't
know if you know this but there are more
conservatives in Congress than
Republican and then Democrats and they
could also propose amendments through
Congress in fact that's the more common
way of doing it that's what you're doing
fear mongering on the convention like oh
no good measure is the boogeyman like
what does it conservatives take control
of it conservatives have already taken
control over Congress and they've done
it with money in politics and newsflash
the progressives you're not winning you
think with Donald Trump in office
Democratic Party has lost over a
thousand seats nationwide you've lost
the great majority of the state
legislatures you've lost the house
you've lost the Senate do you look like
you're winning do you feel like you
should rest on your laurels and sit on a
lead play prevent defense no we need
change we need change a convention is
for change and so they could propose
whatever they like but what we want to
propose is free and fair elections and
guess what conservatives agree with us
the whole country agrees with us it's
all in fact the only amendment that can
get ratified you're not going to get a
really liberal amendment you're not
going to get a really conservative
amendment because three quarters of the
state's 38 states have to ratify both
houses of legislature so you any one
part of the legislature in thirteen
states can block it so there
in blue states plenty of red states they
can block it so please stop spreading
misinformation now if you're a real
progressive and you understand the issue
at hand wolf dash pack.com come join the
people who are actually looking for real
change not patty-cakes not like oh my
god I'm so scared of concerns I'm not
gonna do anything we're not winning we
have to be aggressive we have to fight
for change we have to fight for progress
and yes we have to fight for our
democracy unfortunately we're wind up
having to fight a lot of the Democratic
establishment and some good people that
have been hoodwinked into this insane
groupthink and guess what the one group
Nancy McLain mentioned when she was on
Bill Maher she was like well you know
some people realize the real danger like
God common cause I didn't see that yes
so the one group that fights hardest to
keep money in politics think it's so
offended when you say that because they
like to say on their website that
they're fighting to get money out of
politics well how come when we go to
call for free and fair elections the
number one group using their lobbyists
to defeat it is common cause they say no
no no no no we'd like to get money out
of politics at a later date with some
other strategy not yet specified when we
asked them earlier when we were talking
to them what's your strategy they said
two things demographic changes that's
not a strategy that's just waiting
that's just waiting and the other one
was the Supreme Court that's
increasingly Republican yes how's that
working out for you if you want real
change and you don't want to get bottled
up by so-called progressive groups that
have calcified in Washington DC and are
in favor of the status quo wolf dash
pack.com I don't give a damn what they
say things that are clearly clearly not
true let's go go get together fight
together get money out of politics and
whether you're a conservative
independent or progressive in this case
it doesn't matter
donors have corrupted and bought our
government and you know it let's go get
a convention and shake their world
they're a little afraid of you because
they think oh the American people can
they really be trusted
well sad day for them it's in the
Constitution let's use it
