this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm Wells Fargo has dealt
with a number of scandals first there
were issues involving opening bank
accounts under their customers names
without consenting with their customers
or getting permission from their
customers there were also some issues
involving high fees related to auto
loans that were given to customers
through Wells Fargo and now there is a
new scandal that Wells Fargo is involved
in and we're gonna give you the details
in just a minute but before we get to
those details in an effort to clean up
its image Wells Fargo spent a
considerable amount of money to air
these ads during the finals for the NBA
so let's take a look at that you know
before we go to okay I'm just gonna jump
in this hat hey look keep in mind how
many people's houses they foreclosed on
and we're gonna give you all the details
after that okay while you watch the ad
think about all the people forcibly
removed from their homes who did not
deserve to be removed from their homes
okay we know the value of trust we were
built on it back when the country went
west for gold we were the ones who
carried it back east by steam by horse
by iron horse
over the years we built on that trust we
always found the way until we lost it
but that isn't where the story ends it's
where it starts again with a complete
recommitment to you fixing what went
wrong making things right and ending
product sales goals for branch bankers
so we can focus on your satisfaction
we're holding ourselves accountable but
to find and fix issues proactively
because earning back your trust is our
greatest priority it's a new day at
Wells Fargo but it's a lot like our
first day Wells Fargo established 1850
to reestablish 2018 I kept thinking
watch that and I remember watching it
live go singing please and now of course
a new story out confirming what we had
feared that there ain't no new day at
Wells Fargo there certainly isn't so
they talk about fixing what went wrong
holding ourselves accountable and a
recent example of themselves holding
themselves accountable is essentially
foreclosing on people more people
wrongly and then blaming it on a
computer glitch so let me give you the
details between April 2010 and October
of 2015 a malfunctioning Wells Fargo
tool miscalculated whether homeowners
could qualify for a federally backed
program to modify mortgage payments and
keep their homes
it looked two important things there
before you have more details one is it's
funny how the computer glitches are
always to the benefit of the corporation
exactly you almost never see a story out
where they go a computer glitch man we
wound up giving people homes they didn't
deserve no you're always taking away
their homes that they actually were
paying on and that and their or the day
could have gotten some benefits for that
you denied them it's always to their
benefit and they keep telling us it's
honest mistakes I'm being a wonder if
they're honest I'm not wondering that I
know that and whether they're even
mistakes or or if this is done on
purpose and if you secondarily if you're
thinking well baby we got a new Wells
Fargo that was 2010 or 2015 and 2018
it's totally new and fine
well let's find out a little bit later
in the story if they have addressed it
in a way that would regain your trust so
as a result of this so-called computer
glitch 625 qualified customers were
denied a loan modification causing at
least 400 to lose their homes so these
are people who would qualify for loan
modifications that would give them the
ability to keep their homes they
wouldn't get foreclosed right so they're
blaming a computer click a glitch for
this miscalculation for the error that
costs some 400 foreclosures Wells Fargo
is offering its customers eight million
dollars which sounds like a lot but that
only amounts to around $20,000 per
customer
assuming all 400 were foreclosed upon in
error number of things here Wells Fargo
is bigger in the West and so that
obviously grew this place like la San
Francisco where if your house is
foreclosed upon back in 2010 the
difference that between the housing
price back then and what it is today is
gigantic $20,000 ain't gonna cover it by
a long shot
let alone the emotional trauma and all
the other things that happen but $20,000
of course it depends on the house but
are you kidding me overall hey let's
just stop for a second um $20,000 will
buy you a home almost nowhere in the
country and I mean that I I mean that
because it's something that I've been
looking into this is the issue that for
some reason I don't know why housing I
care a lot about it and so $20,000 that
is a joke especially if there's someone
on the west coast who needlessly lost
your home because of this glitch in the
Wells Fargo system I mean we had Wells
Fargo says yeah look we had a computer
mistake and then we kick you out of your
home and maybe sometimes your childhood
home or home that you had been living in
for decades and now you're 74 when we
threw you out in the streets we forcibly
removed you from there and and that home
now the prices have risen significantly
in the areas that I was discussing
between 2010 and 2018 that home might be
worth $200,000 more now and you might
have been able to stay in it the whole
time
but sorry so here's $20,000 you don't
even have a home anymore because we
foreclosed on you what the hell you
gonna do with the $20,000 so elizabeth
warren has been known for going after
Wells Fargo specifically very
aggressively in fact during some Senate
hearings Elizabeth Warren went after the
executives of Wells Fargo with an
aggressive line of questioning and I was
grateful that she did that she's doing
the same thing here so in a tweet she
wrote because of an error Wells Fargo
made 400 of its customers lost their
homes what's the bank doing to make it
right setting aside a few thousand
dollars for each of the people affected
pathetic the execs who oversaw this
including CEO Tim Sloan should be fired
and I agree with her 100% so when you go
to talk about the bankers and you say
well maybe they should be fired people
in Washington go wah wah wah Elizabeth
Warren no kid nevertheless she persisted
but hey take it easy these are our top
donors that you're talking about and
their lives would be significantly
affected its success the complete
computer glitch you know those lines
were significantly affected 400 families
who were thrown out of their homes but
we never care about the average American
whenever there's a conversation on
television or in Washington those people
as if they don't exist their pain is not
felt in the country clubs and in the
cocktail party circuit but hey they know
CEO Tim such as such I mean golly gee
Wow Tim's got a lot of kids in in
private school and what's he gonna do
without the millions upon millions upon
millions of dollars he's earned every
single year robbing people now I say
robbing they they get upset now so let's
go back to whether this mistake was
honest or nefarious and it's actually
more complicated and nuanced than that
so this mistake in particular they can
you know come up with a hundred
different excuses I'm talking about
overall why did the mistakes almost
always favor the corporations because if
they don't favor the corporation and
they're losing money on it it will be
noticed immediately and it will be
addressed immediately and with great
urgency we have lost $17 in that
division how
dearly oh my god there was a computer
glitch fire someone it costs us 17 bucks
fire him get him out of the building and
fix it right now
right but if it's a mistake that helps
them and hurts you oh look at that our
our numbers were higher golly gee I
didn't catch the mistake for five years
why you were an incentive Isaac catch
the mistake when it cost your money
you're incentivized to catch it so
perhaps we should change the setups a
little bit then if you don't catch the
mistake that you get fired
instead of rewarded maybe we take your
bonus back for all those five years you
were throwing people out of their homes
unjustly Oh co-op backs that is so
unfair people in New York and Washington
tell me how dare you even talk about my
millions of dollars that I clogging it
back I'll go one step further look if
you're affecting people's liberty and
their freedom in their house and all
these other things should we at some
point consider criminal statues and you
know when they you talk about criminal
statutes Oh No oh wait a minute those
jump are by bike donor my do I know him
I know him I know his wife I know his
wife well how about the wives and the
husbands and the kids of all the people
who were thrown out of their homes
nobody gives a damn about them and then
people they wonder why people in the
country are angry
so look they'll argue that this is not
there are known afarid nefarious motives
behind it in fact a spokesperson came
out spokesperson for Wells Fargo
specifically came out and said well
these people might have had their homes
foreclosed anyway in the future anyway
oh great job oh wait go ahead and
demonize these people who by the way
qualified they qualified for these loan
modifications but you're gonna go ahead
and demonize them for a mistake that
Wells Fargo made remember Jake you're
right property prices have gone up
considerably since 2010 right you don't
think banks have an incentive to
foreclose on these homes come on they
love it they love these foreclosures
they love it because they go ahead that
by the way they they're foreclosing on
people who have made payments on these
homes they have received interest on
these loans and then at the end of the
day they get to foreclose take these
properties in expensive areas and then
they get to put it back on the market
sell it to investors for much more money
I mean all sorts of profits are made by
these foreclosures they're now complex
financial instruments that focus on
those foreclosed properties and they're
so there is a ton of incentives to drive
more foreclosures and if you're curious
like you might say hey well no guys wait
a minute the bank makes money if you pay
the loan and that's the whole structure
of the of the business in some cases
that's true and it depends on the market
is it going up is it going down are
there derivatives attached are there not
okay but you can tell which direction
they are going towards based on their
actions so for example Steve minuchin
who's the Treasury secretary his company
foreclosed on a house of a grandma who
they said forgot to pay 37 cents now
instead of thing if you wanted her to
pay the loan would you take her house
away based on 37 if your financial
incentives were for her to keep the
house and paying your loans it's an
obvious honest mistake she's paid
everything else
it was another glitch no they grabbed
her home on 37 cents they just took it
why it's obvious at this moment in time
in this industry they make more money by
foreclosing on you than by having you
pay the loans right and so that was one
West Bank under Steve minuchin zwaj that
was when she was the head of that Bank
not only did they do that to that
grandmother who made a mistake and
failed to pay 37 cents in her loan
payment they also fraudulently they
committed fraud essentially in documents
to make it seem as though they had the
legal ability to foreclose on other
people's homes they had to pay fines for
that yeah so but luckily the guy who ran
that Bank is now in prison for that
fraud because you know frauds a crime oh
no right he's the Treasury secretary
under Donald Trump he got rewarded
millions upon millions of dollars in
bonuses for committing that fraud
for overseeing that fraud and then later
your psychology I didn't notice it I'm
incompetent I have no idea what's
happening in my institution we paid a
fine which is a fraction of the profit
we made this is this a fun little game
where we keep on robbing you and then we
get promoted and promoted and now he
runs the whole economy basically as
Treasury secretary the criminals are in
charge there's no there's no cops on the
street they've taken the cops off and
now the bankers run us all so this is
you know and it's so maddening when the
right-wing oversimplifies and then puts
it on it particularly ethnicity which
has nothing to do with anything they
take it in an irrational direction they
talk about stupid things like the deep
state this is what's happening in the
real world because they have a financial
incentive and they have yes in fact
rigged the rules so that the powerful
never get punished Eric Holder not just
Trump not just the Republicans Eric
Holder the Attorney General under Obama
went to Congress and said well if we put
bankers in jail that could affect the
economy so we're not going to literally
too big to jail okay so that's a
get-out-of-jail-free card so you just go
rip people off as much as you like and
the Attorney General just told you we're
never ever going to enforce the criminal
laws against you because you're too rich
and powerful but you break any kind of
in awe you do any infraction and you're
a regular guy and we did it in just a
series of TYT I was just rewatching one
of them guy so they claimed he sold pot
it's not even clear he did life sentence
without parole for pot okay 37 cent
emission it's not like she didn't have
the 37 cents she was trying to pay all
along they take your house you get
crushed every step of the way why cuz
they captured our government we don't
have a democracy so your representatives
don't represent you they represent who
the people who give them money it's not
a conspiracies right in the open we
allow for private financing of Elections
so the donors
by our government they rigged the rules
so they get everything and you get
screwed that's the reality of how the
system got rigged and that's why we
desperately need change so what is the
Republicans or Democrats who go around
telling us no no no just little tweaks
here and there just tiny little change
but if we're back in charge and the
establishment is back in charge in the
system goes back to the way that it was
everything's gonna be fine no it's not
unless you do fundamental change of the
system they're never going to represent
you you've got to get your democracy
back that's the answer two easy ways
follow young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
