and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more multiple
online platforms have now taken down
content associated with Alex Jones and
Infowars in fact this is the first time
that these platforms have taken pretty
drastic actions against Alex Jones now
to give you an example YouTube removed
many top channels not just videos
channels associated with Infowars
including the Alex Jones channel which
had 2.4 million subscribers and videos
that were viewed over 1.5 billion times
so YouTube spoke to the press about
their reasons behind this I actually
agree with their reasons they say when
users violate policies repeatedly like
our policies against hate speech and
harassment or our Terms prohibiting
circumvention of our enforcement
measures we terminate their accounts now
look let's be clear YouTube is not the
government so you are not protected
against YouTube's banning you from their
platforms ok the Constitution obviously
doesn't protect you from that with that
said I don't agree with censoring hate
speech I mean of course YouTube is free
to do whatever it pleases but I am
against defamatory content which is what
Alex Jones specializes in he spreads all
sorts of insane unfounded conspiracy
theories about innocent people which
then leads to crazed lunatics harassing
them targeting them and making their
lives miserable the Sandy Hook shooting
is a perfect example of that we've
talked about it on the show numerous
times and so his content was problematic
not because of his hateful speech but
because of what he did in destroying the
reputations of innocent people and
essentially inciting violence toward
them on a regular basis so I think
there's a number of things here that
need to be considered and I think
YouTube Facebook and Apple would
consider them and so I want to be clear
about the different categories so one
category is speech you don't like well
do I think YouTube or Facebook should
limit that absolutely not
and and and there's a certain amount of
allowable speech that goes on cable news
for example or mainstream media should
YouTube and Facebook be places where you
can go outside of that absolutely and
what you might not know well there's no
reason why you would know except we've
talked about in some of the post games
TYT comm slash joined to become a member
yet the post games where I explain this
in more detail but internally when I've
ever been asked by people in digital
media well what do you make of the Alex
Jones of the world the right wing of the
world it's a tough problem because on
the one hand they're so over-the-top and
appear to be harassing people on the
other hand we got to protect people's
rights in terms of being able to speak
even if it's not a governmental issue as
a matter of policy and I have leaned on
the side of and some people on the Left
might take this out of context of
defending the right wing because
independent media is so important I
don't want to go back to a world of
gatekeepers and I don't want to go back
to a world where the only things that
are alike that you're allowed to say is
how honorable the politicians are and
how we need to have bipartisan agreement
in Washington about how they're gonna
rob us blind etc so if we're just
talking about right-wing attacking the
left democrats have at it Hoss
but even progressives as a category I
mean you know that the right wing has
done that for decades now Lib tardes
you know feminazis etc who cares about
that no I know and that's why I'm being
really careful here to make sure people
understand where we stand because the
right wing and the Alex Jones supporters
etc will twist things right and they
will pretend they'll create a straw man
argument pretending they're against
right-wing speech no I am in favor of
protecting right wing left wing any kind
of speech along those lines the issues
come into play when it gets to two
things one is hate speech and other is
harassment I will probably have a
different standard than everybody's got
their own standard but then YouTube in
facebook will have I don't necessarily
think that hate speech should be
regulated so now a lot of people will
disagree with that
now we fight against hate speech every
single day that's part and parcel of
what we do leave that job to us we will
win that battle and we'll win in the
free marketplace of ideas when it comes
to harassment to me that's a totally
different issue when you attack the
Sandy Hook parents and and you talk
about how they're actors and and they
live here and you should go find them
and the posner is that are suing Alex
Jones had to move seven times their
six-year-old son was murdered and then
they are harassed all throughout the
country by followers of this mania a
woman who is an Alex Jones viewer was
sentenced to five months in prison
because she was harassing the Posner she
was convinced because of Alex Jones that
these people are crisis actors that it
was all a false flag operation by the
government in order to take guns away
from Americans I mean that's the kind of
nonsense this guy spews on his show on a
regular basis I will never stand up for
that kind of speech you want to hate on
liberals have at it
you want to hate on me specifically have
at it but if you're gonna spew
defamatory BS and encourage people to
harass individuals who have already been
victimized they just lost their
six-year-old son you're gonna encourage
them to go after these people and harass
them no I'm not gonna protect that and
I'm finally I'm happy that these
platforms finally have enough of a
backbone to do something about it
because conservatives have made a whole
profitable industry out of this right oh
we care about free speech so much only
when it's convenient for us right
like we don't we don't care about free
speech on the left but like they want to
make themselves the victims they've made
a lot of money off of that and I'm sick
of it no more patty cakes
no more defending this nonsense this is
not protected speech on a federal level
and it certainly shouldn't be protected
speech when it comes to these private
businesses and look their politicians
stand up for them right now as things
stand unfortunately overwhelming
majority of the democratic politicians
are basically establishment folks
corporate people that take donor money
so they don't actually care about the
progressive base at all
the only thing I'll give credit to the
right-wing for is they're a little
afraid of their base and they're an a so
hence they care about their base a
little bit right so Ted Cruz goes out
and says how dare they do this to Alex
Jones he said it last week right Alex
Jones spread a conspiracy theory that
Ted Cruz's dad killed JFK yeah I'm done
I'm done with people I know so that
there's nothing the right-wing won't do
for their crazed base no matter how
crazy they are no matter how much
they're going after people in their
actual lives right meanwhile for the
progressives there's no help coming
right this I mean can you imagine a
Chuck Schumer standing up saying I will
defend progressives online merely
inconceivable yeah the dumbest thing
anyone on the Left can do is wait for
Chuck Schumer to be their Savior Chuck
Schumer is one of the weakest
politicians imaginable but anyway I want
to move on to some of the video for this
story because earlier Spotify had
decided to host Alex Jones's podcasts on
its platforms there were calls to
boycott Spotify as a result of that and
so then spot if I decided to take down
some of the content and Alex Jones
responded in a very Alex Jones like way
and the reason why I'm going to show you
his response is because it gives you a
sense of how he incites violence he
incites craziness and crazed maniacs to
go do insane things take a look we have
totally legal censorship going on we
have them bragging about it we have them
dead to rights
no one will attack and that I'm being
totally shut down because we're writing
reports are getting it to Congress and
they're they're beginning to act I'm not
that damn smart you know how easy this
is Jesus but no one wants to die no one
has the instinct or the world to execute
anything they only execute failure over
and over and over again a getting the
failure but getting it as the public
against it looks like servile
hippopotamuses lobotomized and you know
I go we'll just join the establishment
it sees the pup and then all the
establishments feeding on the the
subhuman so let me look at
the establishment are like a bunch of
crazed vampires on PCP I sure as hell
don't want to join them and then I just
come to realization out of trillions of
worlds we're gonna probably die and
everything we did as a species and all
of our beauty all of our goodness will
just fail and we're gonna go down the
tubes because a bunch of inbred child
molesters in Hollywood had some
psychotic dream that they wanted to kill
everybody okay all right I gotta jump in
so look it is really hard to keep up
with the maniacal rantings of Alex Jones
I mean he went in so many different
directions there and so in the beginning
he started by saying it appeared that he
was saying hey we never incited violence
we never encouraged anyone to do
anything then he immediately went to a
crazed rant about why won't you do
something in real life that sounds like
you're inciting the violence I don't
know maybe you meant something else by
it but it sounded like violence but we
haven't even had the Kurds are doing
what okay you can watch it I don't can
tell where you know that begins and the
gay frogs ends and then there's the
subhumans and there's the vampires and
then there's the defamation about the
Hollywood you know whatever celebrities
I mean this cue and on guys are now do
you know naming random people in
Hollywood and call them pedophiles the
alt-right has done that repeatedly they
want to kill us they had a dream to kill
us
I mean come on no and so and and that's
exactly the point here the ending is the
most disturbing part he's telling you
they're gonna kill you all it's so
obvious what the next thing is we choose
are you gonna let him kill you all
I mean in fact that was the whole point
of the red yeah whether you can keep up
with his inconsistent logic such as it
is the whole point is are you gonna do
something about it they're coming for us
they're gonna kill us there's one thing
to say they're coming for us politically
and we're gonna fight back and
constitutionally politically etc it's
another thing to say they're going to
kill us the vampires the subhumans are
going to kill us and you have the
courage to addict so that's that's where
you cross light and by the way so this
is really important if you're a right
winger in this country and you're still
having
you're mine whatever small percentage
you are right your worst enemy is Alex
Jones because people look at that and go
well there's no defense and so then I'm
afraid I know that you're gonna find
this funny and you I don't know if some
of you believe it or don't believe it
but I'm afraid you're gonna get lumped
in with Alex Jones that that they're
gonna go ah the hell with it
right all these guys who believe this
insanity we're done with them right and
so just like if you're actually and in
this as I've talked about this in the
past if you're a person who's done
conspiracies back in the day or whatever
in the government or not the government
etc how it shows your best friend
because he calls everything a conspiracy
and everything is gay frogs and
subhumans etc so that nobody ever and
nobody sane believes in any conspiracy
so it they gotta be thinking how do we
get this lucky to get this monster
calling everything a conspiracy and now
he can get all the right-wing bad right
and I don't think that should happen and
I don't want that to happen but you've
got to stop asking for the physical
harassment of human beings in the real
world it is incredibly dangerous and
that makes sense to take action on you
know conservatives are now planning on
waging a war they consider this
censorship if you do not agree with
opposing defamatory language that
incites violence against innocent people
then you have no leg to stand on I mean
there's no argument there that I can get
behind because while I will continuously
support people who put out all sorts of
negative videos about us about me
personally I will never call for them to
be censored or taken down I can't stand
for this I can't stand for innocent
people being defamed this way and having
you know all of this violence and
harassment directed in their in in their
path it's one thing to say you disagree
it's it's totally fine to say it not
only do you disagree but we are we're
not smart we're not this we're not that
you need today we're you know you name
all the different adjectives you could
use that's unfortunately or
unfortunately normal discourse on the
Internet that shouldn't get anybody
banned otherwise
have to ban the entire internet okay but
when Facebook put out their
justification they said it was not
because he was spreading false ideas and
I get why they said that and I
understand why because they looked and
then they don't want to get into ok
obviously Sandy Hook was not a
conspiracy it's not fake right 9/11 okay
but now you're getting a broader
subsection of people I think that it's a
conspiracy theory and it's those
conspiracies see theories are not true
right but more people believe that then
you get into other conspiracies from the
past and basically Facebook's going on I
don't want to get into that and I don't
want to judge that and I think that's
good I think that's right but they said
and there's a part I don't necessarily
agree with Facebook on they said it's do
you humanizing language to describe
people who are transgender Muslims and
immigrants look I fight against that
kind of language all the time I fight
against that speech all the time but
that's a tough line to draw where do you
go from handling immigrants should come
into this country to immigrants are a
problem immigrants are criminals
immigrants are rapists that's what the
president says exactly so it's there
Alex Jones and Donald Trump speech is a
little hard to to parse but the part I
definitely agree with is that Facebook
says he is glorifying violence and that
we cannot have we've got to bring sanity
back in in to wherever it might be okay
even on the internet yes
rules actually still apply and there are
laws to easy ways to follow Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
