we're living in a time when the
constitutional protection of free speech
is being exploited and purposely
misunderstood by people with nefarious
motives at the same time they use the
First Amendment to paint themselves as
victims after they pay the price of
engaging in speech that isn't actually
protected Alex Jones is a perfect
example of that Jones is currently
facing multiple defamation lawsuits due
to unfounded claims he's made about
people on his conspiracy shows for years
on his radio show Alex Jones said the
Sandy Hook shooting which claimed the
lives of twenty children and six adults
was faked
Sandy Hook is a synthetic completely
fake with actors in my view manufactured
Jones was not in the Texas courtroom on
Wednesday where his attorneys tried to
dismiss the first of at least three
defamation lawsuits against the radio
host they're alleging these lawsuits a
conspiracy
instead Jones was at his austin-based
Infowars headquarters
addressing among other things his
ongoing legal fight the parents of six
year old Noah Pozner
who was killed in the Sandy Hook
massacre say Jones's followers have
tormented them with death threats
forcing them to move seven times believe
it or not people like Alex Jones
actually take Alex Jones seriously
people who watch his show buy into his
outlandish Ness some of them have even
faced consequences for it while Jones
continues to spew his nonsense for
profit according to the Guardian a
Florida woman who believed that the
shooting at Sandy Hook elementary school
was a hoax was sentenced to five months
in prison for threatening the father of
six year old Noah Pozner one of the 20
young victims who died yeah it turns out
there are forms of speech that aren't
protected by the First Amendment now
everyone knows or at least everyone
should know that you can't yell fire in
a crowded theater and while hate speech
is protected defamation is not Alex
Jones engages in defamatory speech
against all sorts of innocent people
including the victims of mass shootings
a separate defamation suit was filed by
a man who Jones his website
misidentified as the gunman in the
Parkland school shooting in February
there's a good reason why defamation
isn't protected speech
lying about an innocent person's
character can destroy his or her
reputation which can also lead to job
loss harassment and ridicule so to be
absolutely clear the US government can
take action against the fam'ly Tory
speech and while the First Amendment
only protects us from governmental
retaliation in response to most speech
private businesses can take action
against us for saying anything they
disagree with Facebook YouTube Twitter
and other online platforms have been
considering whether it's a good idea to
allow jones's content on their sites any
time they've considered banning him the
right-wing cries about free speech
violations even though private
businesses again can ban anyone they
please some of these platforms have
finally made decisions Apple just
removed most of Jones's content from its
podcast app Spotify which had previously
removed only certain episodes of Jones's
show has also removed his content from
their app Facebook has announced that it
had removed four pages belonging to Alex
Jones for quote repeatedly posting
content over the past several days that
breaks its community standards including
glorifying violence and using
dehumanizing language and just today
YouTube where Jones had 2.4 million
subscribers removed Infowars from their
platform entirely a couple of weeks ago
YouTube had removed 4 videos from
Jones's channel
the company said violated its Terms of
Use now did these platforms do the right
thing yes yes they did well I'm against
removing content that simply deemed
hateful I refuse to back someone like
Jones whose lies have destroyed the
lives of innocent people who had already
been victimized by horrific events like
the Sandy Hook shooting to make my case
let's walk through some of Jones's
recent content now recently Jones went
on an unhinged rant against special
counsel robert muller
accusing him of well i guess this is a
conspiracy favorite pedophilia they'd
let mueller rape kids in front of people
what she did mueller covered up for a
decade for Epstein kidnapping kids
flying them on sex planes
kids as young as seven years old
reportedly with big perverts raping him
to brain people I mean Muller is a
monster man and Cod imagine he's even
above the pedophiles though Thor does he
doesn't have sex with the kids he just
controls it all do you imagine being a
monster like that god yeah we're in
crazy town already guess I should have
warned you first you might be wondering
how Jones even got to that conclusion
well he's referring to documents
released earlier this year by the FBI
that detail a plea deal made by Jeff
Jeffrey Epstein Epstein was charged with
engaging in sexual acts with underage
girls Muller had nothing to do with the
case other than the fact that he was
head of the FBI at the time there is
absolutely no evidence linking him to
Epstein or the crimes Epstein committed
allegedly committed but guess who is
known to have partied with Epstein oh
yeah Donald J Trump in fact back in 2002
Trump spoke highly of Epstein telling
New York magazine and I quote he's a lot
of fun to be with it is even said that
he likes beautiful women as much as I do
and many of them are on the younger side
no doubt about it
Jeffery enjoys his social life gross so
where's the Alex Jones outrage against
Donald Trump for being on the record
super per volley as a supporter of
Epstein and his alleged love for
extremely young females oh that's right
Jones is in the tank for Trump so
there's an incentive to defame the
special counsel investigating Trump
aside from defamatory remarks Jones
loves to incite violence which also is a
protected speech
look at that guy he's a sack crap that's
Damon I will take down or I'll die
trying
so that's it doesn't happen we're gonna
walk out the square politically hi dude
and he's gonna find out when he makes a
move man
make the move first and him gonna happen
it's not a it's not a joke it's not a
game the real world hmm
politically you're gonna get it Rommel
died trying bitch
yeah complete with finger gun gestures
Alex Jones launched a thinly veiled
threat against a law enforcement
official giving himself plausible
deniability by lazily sprinkling in the
word politically into a statement Jones
will spew violent rhetoric which has
already encouraged some of his viewers
to go after innocent people and then
Prime's people to think there's a
conspiracy against him if something goes
wrong in the Muller case Jose claims
that if someone made an attempt against
Muller's life that it would all be a
false flag operation against Alex Jones
it isn't my opinion that Alex Jones uses
his platform to spread conspiracy
theories misinformation and lies it's
the reality just take a look at the way
he speaks what a year I don't need some
you know becoming an age deal to kill a
bunch of liberals I just can't but I
also feel like I'm in dereliction of it
as a citizen of my duty not saying we
have to start getting ready for
insurrection and civil war because
they're really pushing it they will line
you and your family up and they'll shoot
you in the head and they'll rape your
daughters and they'll kill your sons and
they'll make your wife work in a field
till she dies there are real-life
consequences to Jones's behavior last
year he was forced to apologise for his
role in the pizza gate conspiracy and PR
notes that Jones's apology came the same
day a 28 year old man pleaded guilty to
bringing an ar-15 rifle and other
weapons into the restaurant and firing
shots inside Edgar Madison Welch said he
drove to the Washington restaurant to
quote self investigate the conspiracy
theory of a child sex ring something
that Alex Jones was pushing on his
program I have no doubt that Alex Jones
will continue to try to spread blatant
misinformation
to his millions of followers today
tomorrow and every day
for the foreseeable future but make no
mistake this is not an issue of
censorship as he will try to claim this
is no longer an issue of freedom of
speech this is about the safety of
others and whether or not our online
platforms will continue to be vehicles
for spreading the acceptance of baseless
propaganda from crazed lunatics hey
everyone I hope you enjoyed my show no
filter and I actually film it every
single Monday at 1:30 Pacific 4:30
Eastern so you can check it out live on
YouTube TV just search for TYT networks
youtube TV channel or you can check it
out in podcast form on itunes later
thank you so much for watching and don't
forget to check me out on no filter
