last week Donald Trump made an
appearance at a Florida rally for
Republican gubernatorial candidate Ron
de santis while reporting on the rally
the media picked up on something even
more unsettling than Trump's usual
obligatory unhinged rant at the podium
reporters found that there were several
people sportings merchandise featuring
the letter Q which was a way of labeling
themselves as believers about landish
queuing on conspiracy theories including
that JP Morgan rather than a massive
iceberg sunk the Titanic believe it or
not the Titanic conspiracy is just the
tip of the iceberg when looking into
queuing on the group takes conspiracy
theories like Pizza Gate which led a man
to shoot up a restaurant in DC after
believing it was running a child sex
ring and puts them on steroids
great what queuing on is is a fringe
movement in which many baseless
conspiracy theories are discussed on the
Internet organized around the idea of an
anonymous but well-connected person or
persons nicknamed Q using the online
form h han q who allegedly has
high-level security clearance made up a
conspiracy about the deep state and how
its members including the usual suspects
George Soros the Clintons and other
left-leaning public figures participate
in child sex trafficking some people
believe that there's a international
conspiracy of sex trafficking run by
senior Democrats the members of the
Hollywood elite the Muller investigation
according to some Q fans is it really
about Trump at all it's actually run by
Trump as a shadow to cover up an
investigation into that sex stuff that I
mentioned yeah
conspiracy theorists also think Donald
Trump is the one who wants to stop
sexual abuse of children but you know
people who live in the real world
haven't conveniently forgotten that
Trump aggressively supported accused
child molester and former Alabama Senate
candidate Roy Moore oh yeah and let's
not forget Trump's apparent disregard
for migrant children who are being
sexually assaulted at our nation's
border also I'd be remiss not to mention
the sexual assault accusations against
Trump himself now believers in queuing
on have already
decided to reject actual evidence and
fact-checked information reported by the
press because in their world anonymous
people claiming to have high-level
security clearance on an online forum
are far more credible a major mantra
among q and on followers the press is
the enemy
you guys are you don't believe in the
First Amendment oh I totally believe not
you don't you just said the press'll you
guys are weaponized you guys are totally
recognized by this up you guys are by
the CIA yeah I don't know anybody in the
CIA except a couple people I've
interviewed over the years okay but
weapon night what does it even mean like
you say stuff that doesn't mean it um
see a conspiracy theorist it can turn
the guy weaponized by the CIA maybe not
to your knowledge and it's that's really
that's unfortunate unfortunately
believers in these conspiracy theories
are already paying a price for rejecting
real evidence in favor of scammers like
Q ask yourselves for a moment what are
the motivations behind these sheisty
people who managed to trick Americans
into believing unfounded conspiracy
theories what's the motive well maybe
for some it's about manipulating and
pranking people maybe for others it's
about drumming up chaos but as with most
scams there's usually a financial
incentive involved conspiracy theorists
inspired by or associated with queuing
on take advantage of their believers by
simply asking for donate donations and
they fear monger about non-existent
child sex trafficking rings to get it
take Michael Lewis Arthur Meyer for
example he's the head of veterans on
Patrol although he isn't actually a
veteran and has a criminal record
Meyer claims to have found a child sex
camp associated with the deep state on
property owned by a Mexican cement
company called semak's in Tucson Arizona
according to think progress Meyer claims
this desert crime activity is quote part
of a wider global conspiracy where
shadowy cabal of global elites indulge
in pedophilia and satanic ritual abuse
and help the cartels fairy drugs and
unsuspecting victims over the border
veterans on patrol had police
investigate these allegations several
times but the authorities found no
evidence backing any of Meyers
claims according to a press release by
the City of Tucson Meyer found in an
abandoned homeless encampment on semak's
property and fictitiously declared
without any evidence or corroborating
that the area was the site of a sex
trafficking ring Tucson Police
Department sergeant Kimberly Bey says
officers investigated the camp when it
was reported that investigation included
officers detectives and command staff
inspecting the site speaking to those
who reported it and collecting evidence
sergeant base said that the conclusion
of the investigation found that there is
no indication that the camp is being
used for any type of criminal activity
including human trafficking when an
unsubstantiated assertion was made that
a body might be buried at the site a
cadaver dog checked the area and didn't
find a body all the authorities did find
was trash that could have been left
behind by a homeless encampment but that
trash was used by the VOP as evidence to
back up their nonsense child trafficking
claims Meyer has been threatening the
very authorities who conducted the
investigation because they disproved his
claims the same City of Tucson press
release I referenced earlier notes that
the Tucson Police Department has
received complaints that Meyer and some
of his followers have threatened and
intimidated them through social media
Meyer has made multiple threatening and
hostile remarks directed toward various
elected and appointed officials so why
is Meyer so desperate to brush off the
findings of these investigations because
that allows him to continue soliciting
donations from his followers which he
does on a daily basis on Facebook in
fact Meyers Facebook page where he
provides updates on his conspiracy
theories and his vigilante efforts asks
for prepaid Visa cards gas cards
tactical gear food and more one woman
even donated the funds from her
disability check according to JJ McNabb
an expert on domestic extremism and a
reporter for Forbes a majority of the
majority of their donations actually
come from white Christian women Meyer
encourages donate
Shinzon social media by posting photos
of what he has already received in other
Facebook posts he explicitly solicits
donations and makes it clear that he's
looking for supplies and prepaid gift
cards rather than money that can be
tracked by authorities and you know what
there's a good reason for that
it's impossible to track how much VOP
has received in donations because they
don't disclose the amount and they take
precaution to avoid leaving a paper
trail according to KVO a the local NBC
affiliate in Tucson veterans on patrol
is collecting donations illegally
because Meyer hasn't filed the necessary
paperwork to use the word veterans as he
collects donations Arizona State law
indicates that it's unlawful for a
person to solicit money or other support
in the name of American veterans unless
the Veterans organization files a
registration statement with the
Secretary of State former Tucson police
officer Brandon Tatum
who now unfortunately works for Turning
Point USA but will let that go looked
into this whole ordeal himself and
explained the true intentions of
veterans on Patrol don't be swindled
into believing that the Tucson Police
party wouldn't investigate this that is
a that is a flat-out lie the Tucson
Police Department Kane they did a level
of investigation and he didn't like what
they did so by him not liking what they
did he want to say they didn't do
nothing and he's duping y'all he's
trying to get you emotional so he could
send him stuff so you can support them
so it's YouTube channel control so not
only do these unhinge conspiracy
theorists defame innocent people police
and businesses as pedophiles or those
who cover for pedophiles they also take
advantage of vulnerable people by
suckering them into donating their
limited resources look I'm not sure what
the right solution is I'm not sure how
we convince Americans who have fallen
prey to this nonsense that they need to
trust real evidence rather than bogus
online conspiracies I just know that
these stories reinforce the reality of
how vicious humans can really be even if
it destroys the lives of good people
anything for a dollar
hey everyone I hope you enjoyed my show
no filter and I actually film it every
single Monday at 1:30 Pacific 4:30
Eastern so you can check it out live on
YouTube TV just search for TYT networks
youtube TV channel or you can check it
out in podcast form on itunes later
thank you so much for watching and don't
forget to check me out on no filter
