thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt laura ingraham
wanted to address the midterm elections
and she wanted to urge the people
watching her show to go out there and
vote specifically for Republicans
because if you don't vote for
Republicans then you will be replaced
I'm not kidding here's her commentary
take a look we mandate Eve Arif ID to
penalize businesses who game the system
to keep American wages low of this my
friends you can be sure your views on
immigration will have zero impact and
zero influence on a house dominated by
Democrats who want to replace you the
American voters with newly amnestied
citizens and an ever increasing number
of chained migrants she adopted kids
from Guatemala like I can't get over
that like her kids will one day watch
this content and see the types of things
she says about Guatemalans who are
fleeing violence in their own countries
looking for safety here anyway I just
wanted to get that out now when she said
they're looking to replace you and you
should not let them replace you I
thought I heard that somewhere before
and then I remembered where I heard it
here's where I heard it
right that's where I heard it and she
just took out Jews and put in immigrants
does that make it better the immigrants
will not replace us she just told
everybody go out there but now look
who's us who's you she said oh they want
to replace you
wait I'm gonna immigrant so am i
replacing myself no of course her vision
of you and us is white people so if
you're an immigrant whether you're from
somewhere else like I am or you're a
Latino you're not part of the US you're
the part that's replacing us and so we
won't have it so everybody go out there
and vote for Republicans because they're
the party of the white now now for us
rational people no of course white
people who vote for Republicans and
Democrats and yes older white male
voters do go disproportionately towards
Republicans but they're not all because
of race is cetera and there's millions
upon millions of white people that vote
for Democrats that are progressive etc
we don't think in racial terms but
that's what Fox News and Laura Ingraham
is obsessed with but I don't get it I
mean by her own logic isn't she the
enemy she's the one who brought children
from Guatemala to the United States
that's a great point
why did you replace an American baby
with a Guatemalan baby why did you do
that Laura I just don't understand it
and although I don't under as someone
who's white and was born here in the
United States I don't understand and
cannot wrap my head around this
ridiculous irrational fear about being
replaced I don't understand it why are
they so afraid what are they so afraid
of I don't get it well I do
and so it's because you're a decent
person and so it's hard to think about
it from their perspective
number one Laura Ingram profits off of
racism and fascism so she knows that our
audience is on average on Fox News
sixty-eight years old she knows they're
very conservative they come
a different time and in that time why
people oppressed all other minorities
and they call that making America great
that's what America was great they'd
like to make it great again
when white people ruled and black people
knew their place and Latinos knew their
place they knew their place was not at
our water fountains and our pools and in
our diners etc etc now they don't know
that role anymore they don't know their
place now if you're trying to vote like
us they trick there now American
citizens and they have the same rights
as me I'm white how dare you so part of
it is just simply wants to make money
off that crowd and she has no morality
whatsoever so she's happy to do that and
the second part of it is she probably
believes it yeah I mean you you grew up
in a in a house that was understanding
accepting and you're white but you're
also an immigrant right it's a different
context laura ingraham zone brother came
out and said our dad was a drunken a
Nazi and so she grew up in that
environment and thought that's what
makes America great and so she goes out
there and pushes that propaganda hey
don't let those other people I Got News
for you Laura there's a lot of us who
are the others and we're also American
and this is gonna break your heart but
we're 100% American Laura sad day for
you you're not any more American than me
in fact I think you're a lot less
American than me cuz you don't
understand the part of this country you
never read the Constitution you don't
believe in equality you don't believe in
Liberty you don't believe in the things
that are written in the Constitution
you're just the white nationalist and a
religious zealot you know in the
religious zealotry you'd be thrilled
with Saudi Arabia and nowadays you
probably are covered up for them so we
have this type of messaging in our media
and we certainly have this type of
messaging in politics as well and to
give you an example of that we have
representative Steve King Republican
from Iowa who has just endorsed someone
who is proud to be a white nationalist
in Toronto so this is a person who's
running in Canada and representative
King tweeted out his support of faith
Goldie a far-right white nationalist who
is looking to leave
Canada's largest city again Toronto so
here's when he wrote faith Goldie an
excellent candidate for Toronto Mayor
Pro rule of law Pro make Canada safe
again Pro balanced budget and best of
all pro Western civilization and a fight
for our values faith Goldie will not be
silenced so let's learn a little bit
more about Goldie Goldie is an openly
racist white nationalist who has at
times recited the infamous fourteen
words used by neo-nazis in reference to
preserving the white race also after the
unite the right rally in Charlottesville
Virginia Goldie was fired after going on
a podcast for the white supremacist
website the daily stormer okay let's
pause you go on daily stormer you're a
neo-nazi okay that's that neo-nazi
website that's not a site that has oh
one of the contributors was a neo-nazi
or and one of the guys as a white
supremacist no the point of Dailor
stormer is it is a neo-nazi website they
you don't go on it I was gonna say go on
it you'll see they're very very proud of
that who goes on a neo-nazi podcast
someone who likes neo-nazis she did go
on there to fight him she went hunt
there to agree with them and using the
fourteen words
okay well that's you declaring yourself
a Nazi that's right so Steve King is a
member of Congress the United States
Congress he walks in the halls of power
and this guy is endorsing Nazis that's
what he's doing by the way Goldie has
also recommended a book calling for the
elimination of Jews and you might be a
Nazi if you think the Jews should be
eliminated and by the way she suggested
that if she loses this mayoral election
it will be because the election was
rigged does that remind me of yeah look
this spread of right-wing extremism it's
everywhere it's everywhere it's in in
Brazil right now you know you have
candidates like this in Canada it's
terrifying and to know that we have
elected officials here enabling it
pushing it and and you know recommending
it is is scary and we need
be aware of it we need to do something
and vote them out of office Steve King
on several occasions has talked about
how we need to get our birth rates up he
doesn't mean American birth rates he
means white birth rates and he says you
can't you know fix the civilization with
other people's babies same exact ideas
Laura Ingraham the same idea in
Charlottesville
they will not replace us they think the
immigrants are coming to replace them
and last thing why do they why are they
so antagonistic so okay like we're it
would be weird because to be an taenia
antagonist against white people that
would be so bizarre why what a random
thing right why pick a random color and
be antagonistic yes it no here's why in
their case they think well I like
oppressing other people I like being on
top of them so I assume that if the
immigrants get in charge or blacks or
Latinos get in charge they'll do the
same thing I want to do and I like doing
which is oppressing that people under
them so if they're the majority oh no
they're gonna terrorize us and oppress
us etc just like we did to them and
these are in that case I'm referring to
right wing cos servers in this country
who have enjoyed oppressing minorities
for as long as America has existed so
now they think because they're doing
projection and that's their frame of
mind they think well they're gonna do it
back to us well you're lucky as it turns
out because they're not they they're not
monsters like you Steve King and Laura
Ingraham they're gonna do no such thing
but you on the other hand have revealed
yourself for exactly who you are
thanks for watching this free clip of
The Young Turks don't forget to become a
TYT member today for more exclusive
content join now at TYT dot-com /join
