and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more a new
report in Rolling Stone indicates that
the NRA is facing some financial
problems financial trouble and this is
after a crackdown in the state of New
York so to give you some of the details
blaming New York Governor Andrew Cuomo
the NRA said he has bullied outside
businesses resulting in a concerted
effort to stifle the NRA s freedom of
speech and to retaliate against the NRA
based on its viewpoints causing other
insurance banking and financial
institutions from doing business with
the NRA so the NRA has actually filed a
suit against the state against New York
and an Andrew Cuomo because they're
saying you know Andrew Cuomo he's going
out of his way the regulations in New
York it's going out of its way to
prevent financial institutions and
insurance companies from working with us
they are bullying them and essentially
deterring them from doing business with
us so I was like oh well that doesn't
seem right I don't like the NRA but it
doesn't mean that I would agree with
politicians doing something like that
but then I looked into a little deeper
and here's what's really going on
so the NRA says it cannot access
financial services essential to its
operations and is facing irrecoverable
loss and irreparable harm but part of
the reason why this is happening is
because they had this shady insurance
scheme going on and Andrew Cuomo and
regulators in New York realized that it
was happening and they did something
about it
so the NRA is inability to obtain
insurance in connection with media
liability raises risks that are
especially acute if insurers remain
afraid to transact with the NRA there is
substantial risk that NRA TV that's the
you know that's where all those crazy
videos come from will be forced to cease
operating so to tell you a little bit
more about this Insurance Scheme
the NRA actively marketed something
known as carry guard a policy to
reimburse members for leave
cost incurred after firing a legal gun
but in May the state of New York found
that carry guard unlawfully provided
liability insurance to gun owners for
certain acts of intentional wrongdoing
so people using their guns in an illegal
way and so that's a problem and of
course regulators are gonna come in and
do something about that so NRA the NRA
is not taking responsibility for that
they're just you know spreading this
narrative that liberal lawmakers are
coming after them and trying to destroy
them and that is not the case I think
this story has several layers so first
of all on the insurance they had and why
it was illegal
what you can't insure people to do
illegal things so if you said it had
insurance hey go rob that bank and if
you do and you get caught I'll ensure
you and I'll cover your cost then you
can't do that it's not legal so and in
what they were encouraging people to do
was something that violated the laws of
the state of New York now partly we know
that because the regulator's got them
and they have excellent evidence the
other part we know that other reason we
know that is because they already paid a
seven million dollar fine they said okay
and we agreed to stop selling that
insurance it's wrong and here's 7
million dollars on top so now they're
turning around and crying about it
when they just got caught and but I
think there are a couple other layers
here they're saying first of all oh my
god we now have we're in the hole for
overspending 2016 by 46 million dollars
wait a minute what does that have to do
with the insurance exactly right no no
you're complaining these two things and
crying about regulations which you admit
you did wrong and paid a huge fine for
but that's not 46 million dollars in
debt second of all you know how you
could have avoided that by not spending
fifty million dollars supporting
Republicans in 2016 Ghita had four
billion dollars left over but for them
to now cry and blame Cuomo for it makes
no sense at all and at least man up and
say yeah we we screw this up and we just
overspent and we gave it all in what I
would argue is bribes to politicians
legalized bribes to politicians and oops
turns out we didn't have it I think
there's another layer to it too but
let other people jump in I think than
you here's a crazy idea well maybe the
reason you're losing funding is because
you refused to enact any kind of common
sense gun reform I mean you're blocking
every attempt to have to deal with this
issue maybe that's why you're losing
membership maybe that's why you don't
have the money coming in but that's just
me and there's been a huge shift in
societal change we had parkland and then
also with Vegas and you have you know
singers and entertainers like Eric
Church big in the country community
coming against the NRA
it's really that common sense where is
it and the NRA lacks it and so they are
suffering because of it and to try to
blame it on some kind of blacklisting
conspiracy theory it's just it's
unfortunate and it's sad especially if
they're you know all what broke and such
and they can still afford this crazy
lawsuit guess they're not that broke
yeah James what would you know about
guns I've been shooting since I was a
kid I started shooting when I was 4
years old actually I'm on the back porch
with my grandfather it's a I like to
hunt I am a military and veteran so you
know I've been around guns all my life
I've learned how to use them safely how
to store them safely and be responsible
responsible gun owners know that some
things need to be done here and that is
where the NRA they don't represent gun
owners anymore they represent
manufacturers the the things that need
to be done though you talk about all the
time you know are very simple and common
sense I mean universal background checks
etc but they won't even allow us to
study the issue so when they get up and
they complain about this I find it their
credibility lacking because of it
now if they can show that the government
is stepping in and targeting them on
things outside of the illegal insurance
then I do have a problem with I'm a
civil rights attorney you know the
government should not be silencing
people because they don't agree with
their position on something but from
what I see here there's so many other
variables that are out there it just
doesn't make sense what they're trying
to complain about yes James running the
mill at Kansas and and when he in his
campaigns talks about sensible gun
reform that gun owners want
he's been proven right on a couple of
counts so first of all we know that the
polling shows that over 70% of NRA
members and over 80% of gun owners
believe in federal background checks but
the NRA doesn't represent you because
they represent gun manufacturers and the
perfect example was earlier this week
you could print guns now with 3d
printers now if you're a Second
Amendment
absolutist you think great fantastic the
people who sued to get make that happen
our Second Amendment absolutist and they
they say they need it against tyranny
etc the NRA not backing them hmm why
we're there against every kind of gun
control but they're for this kind of
control why because the gun
manufacturers can't make money off of it
they don't represent you they represent
those guys and so finally the last layer
of this story there's something fishy
going on here remember that the NRA is
being investigated for possibly getting
as much as thirty million dollars from a
foreign government that government being
Russia now that investigation is not
over yet
so it could come out that the Special
Counsel can come out and say oh no they
didn't do it
etc or they could come out and say yeah
they took the money from Russia now if
that's the case then you go oh yeah
Cuomo regulators Democrats oh we got to
shut the NRA down because you know was
it wasn't us and I gotta go I gotta go
right I mean the NRA being this kind of
panic over a tiny little regulation in
New York no there's something much
deeper going these are guys that are not
used to retreat and they are back
peddling furiously here so something is
afoot and we might find out soon what it
is and it might be devastating two easy
ways follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
