and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more there
are about 410 migrant children who need
to be reunified with their parents but
their parents have already been deported
by the Trump administration these are
children who have been victimized by
Trump's horrible zero-tolerance policy
and so now there's this big question
about how to get these children back in
touch with their parents even though
they've been deported well interestingly
enough the US government thinks that
it's the ACLU job to do this while the
ACLU says no this is the federal
government's job so the ACLU which suit
on behalf of separated parents called
for the government to take significant
and prompt steps to find the parents on
its own they said and I quote plaintiffs
have made clear that they will do
whatever they can to help locate the
deported parents but emphasize the
government that the government must bear
the ultimate burden of finding the
parents
now here's what Trump's administration
thinks at least this is what their
perspective is Trump's administration
puts the onus on the ACLU asking that
the organization use its considerable
resources to find parents in their home
countries predominantly Guatemala El
Salvador and Honduras
so essentially Trump makes the mess and
then demands that the ACLU pick up you
know the slack and fix the problem I'm
kind of amazed at this story isn't more
startling to everyone else right ok so
they go to court and the judge says ok
where are the parents for over 410 kids
and all we deported them ok great well
can you reunite them no I can't why do
they do it
why don't they do it what that's the
craziest thing I've ever heard of my
life it's like the cops coming to your
house and you say oh well there was a
robber upstairs can you go get him you
know why don't you go get him what do
you I didn't feel separate the families
from the kids you did
you're the government you wouldn't you
separate them you had no plan and now
you say you can't find them and when the
ACLU says can you fight ago you do it
that's crazy how crazy that I know it's
absolutely wild especially in part even
the resources that the federal
government has in terms of being able to
work with other countries it's like the
ACLU they're a nonprofit organization
despite the fact that sure they have I
think it's like a four hundred and
fifteen million dollar in assets from
last year or something it's got a lot
but it doesn't have the diplomatic
relations that unfortunately this
administration is squandering but it's
important that they still reach out to
those other nations and try to unify
them and bring these children home so
those are great points but this is not a
debate the private organization is not
supposed to reach out to El Salvador and
represent the American government why
are we having this conversation this is
crazy
it's like random liens Trump
administration oh yeah I lost so much
kids what is this Salvation Army find it
so a few a few things I want to bring up
first of all when you when you mentioned
resources I think it's important to
consider the fact that our federal
government had no problem handing over
tens of millions of dollars in taxpayer
money to these detention centers in
order to carry out the zero-tolerance
policy let's keep that in mind
the second thing I want to mention is
that the Trump administration didn't
really care about the outcome of all of
this because they didn't even take the
time to do proper documentation to be
able to track these parents and and
later reunify them with their pet with
their kids they just didn't do it I mean
it was incompetence that I mean I guess
we should expect it from the Trump
administration but they just didn't care
yeah well it's amazing that we have a
government that is taking these children
refuses to actually stand up and do the
right thing these are not the American
values that we grew up on these are not
the things that we expect out of our
government we expect our government to
stand up and do the right thing not to
step back and go oh no it's your problem
no we don't have to deal with that it's
ridiculous and it's just further
examples of this administration's lack
of attachment to the citizens here yeah
and Ana you're right in emphasizing
their incompetence I thought this guy
was supposed to be a great
manager a great businessman out of the
deal and all that stuff and he now has
to admit an open court and we never had
a plan
it was always flying by the seat of our
pants and we separated it look when you
get separated from anything people track
it right like when you take off your
watch or even put on down your cell
phone go through TSA you track it right
cuz you don't want to lose your cell
phone that's important to you you know
what's a little bit more important to
you your kids and without any
forethought they separated him and never
thought how do we bring him back
together and now they have to admit in
court you know we never had a plan we
never thought of bringing him back
together and yeah we already deported
their parents and then when confronted
with that ugly reality go well why
doesn't somebody else do it too easy
wastefully on Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
