Donald Trump is known for aggressively
attacking the media he refers to them as
fake news more importantly he refers to
the press as enemy of the people and so
there have been members of Fox News who
have also fed into that and now it's
having real ramifications real
consequences for journalists who are out
there simply trying to do their jobs a
recent example was when Jim Acosta the
political reporter for CNN went to a
rally in Florida Tampa Florida that
Trump was speaking at and while he was
there trying to cover the event a number
of people harassed him yelled at him
shouted at him and he shared video of
those interactions on his Twitter page
he also said the following just a sample
of the sad scene we faced at the Trump
rally in Tampa I'm very worried that the
hostility whipped up by Trump and some
in conservative media will result in
somebody getting hurt we should not
treat our fellow Americans this way the
press is not the enemy
so something interesting happened after
a costume made all of this apparent kind
of spoke out about it on social media
hannity came to his defense so let's
take a look at what hannity had to say
on fox it's why we call them the destroy
Trump press now CNN's chief White House
correspondent Jim Acosta he is one of
them one of the worst offenders and the
crowds at last night's Trump rally in
Tampa Florida well they told him in
person what they think of him in his
network Jim Acosta shared his fear of
Trump supporters and he tweeted out
quote just a sample of the sad scene we
faced at the Trump rally in Tampa I am
very worried that the hostility whipped
up by Trump and some in conservative
media will result in somebody getting
hurt
we should not treat our fellow Americans
this way the press is not the enemy Jim
I'm a pretty prominent conservative in
the country let me say this clearly and
loudly I want every journalist in this
country everyone I don't care who you
work for to be safe and I'll tell you
right now I will be the first person to
come to your defense
if I'm there and anyone ever dares lay a
hand on you if I was standing there I
see it happen I will be the first person
to jump in and fight on your behalf
physical violence is never acceptable to
me nor is it acceptable to the
Conservatives I know and respect and let
me also be clear if you are conservative
and by the way you ever threaten anyone
you're not a friend of mine you're not a
friend of this program
okay so I actually respect Hannity for
doing that I think he did a pretty good
job with that please all right we can
disagree about that in a second but the
part I didn't agree with was no
conservative I know a respect would
resort to violence oh really you've been
paying have you been paying attention
how about when Trump says at the rallies
go take him out I'll pay your legal
bills attack him punch him in the face
and your I mean all you do is fawn over
Donald Trump what do you mean no reserve
ative you know a respect would encourage
violence the president does it all the
time in fact in the end of that video
that we just showed you he said if you
ever threaten anyone you're not a friend
of mine so now that we know that about
Hannity what would he say to this video
this guy started screaming by himself
and they did I don't know rough up he
should have been maybe should have been
roughed up because it was absolutely
disgusting what he was doing all right
yeah get him out try not to hurt him
if you do I'll defend you in court don't
worry about it in the good old days this
doesn't happen because they used to
treat them very very rough and when they
protested once you know if they would
not do it again so easily part of the
problem and part of the reason it takes
so long is nobody wants to hurt each
other anymore right we have wonderful
security guys they said mr. Trump there
may be somebody with tomatoes in the
audience so if you see somebody getting
ready to throw a tomato knock the crap
out of them would you seriously I will
pay for the legal fees I promise do you
know what they used to do to guys like
that when they were in a place like this
they'd be carried out on a stretcher
folks he's walking out like your big
high fives smiling laughing like to
punch him in the face I'll tell you
okay so uh but okay you rest your case I
hear you
so Hannity is deeply disingenuous when
he says he doesn't want anyone
threatening anyone he's in love with
Donald Trump and we just showed you the
tape it's open-and-shut case
but I still liked it Hannity at least
goes out and says don't hurt him don't
touch him don't do anything physical
because I mean listen to everything Fox
News says so maybe it it helps him bring
it back a couple of inches and they
moved it forward all many yards and
miles I hear you on that but he did at
least say the right thing there and but
I want to be clear too I think look I've
said this a lot of times because it's
true it's not a black and white issue
it's not you either say the press is
wonderful and everything that you do is
great and just the mainstream news is
terrific and don't criticize it or
they're the enemy of the people and
somebody should do something violent to
them right no the answer is yes it's
totally within bounds to point out the
perspective of the press and to even be
mad about it
the press has been vicious to Bernie
Sanders and and yes Bernie Sanders
crowds boost CNN just as much and I
don't mind that at all but I mean what
with liberals we're gonna do through
Birkenstocks at the press no they're not
gonna you know the Liberals aren't gonna
do anything and nor does Bernie Sanders
or anybody else encourage them with ugly
talk like they're the enemy of the
people and you know and after a Capitol
Gazette and five people were murdered
Trump still refers to them as enemy of
the people okay and let's also be clear
look that segment with Hannity is all
fine hunky-dory if he actually put
action behind the words that he's you
know uttering in that segment because
the fact of the matter is he has been
not only very complimentary toward Trump
every time he attacks the media he
himself has engaged in the exact same
type of rhetoric that you see from Trump
and if you don't believe me of course we
have a montage proving that as well
let's go to video 9 I'm skipping ahead
now the media in this country is zero
credibility we have known this for over
a decade they are frauds they are
partisan hacks pretty much all they do
is power
liberal political talking points attack
president Trump 24/7 yeah I'm not
surprised I become a 24/7 target they
hate conservatism they hate anybody that
dares to challenge their rigid radical
left-wing ideology they hate you their
radicals they hate the president I mean
come on no but that's different than
enemy of the people and punch him in the
face
so look I I think that what
conservatives have done in attacking the
media as liberal is deeply corrosive and
and I don't believe they want to make
the press better I think they want to
destroy the press and replace it with
Hannity's propaganda unlike us we want
to actually make the press better and
actually report the reality instead of
just calling everything neutral because
neutrality is the enemy of reality but
that's not right it's a different league
to call them enemy of the people No okay
sure okay I'll give you that it's
different to call them enemy of the
people but listen to what he's doing
there right this whole fake news
narrative I mean what Fox is is
essentially state-sponsored media they
might not be getting money from the
federal government but they're certainly
sponsored by by Trump they're certainly
applauded by Trump non-stop and so like
the narrative that you keep hearing from
right-wing media over and over again is
don't trust the legitimate sources don't
trust evidence don't trust facts don't
trust anything you hear or see only
trust us only trust Trump that is also
incredibly dangerous right especially
when he might not be saying enemy of the
people there but what he does imply over
and over again is the media hates you
the media hates you for supporting Trump
and I think that that plays into the
same thing that you hear Trump saying
over and over again about the media and
how they are the enemy of the people
last thing fine those are all things
that are important and real and things
to take into consideration but at some
point you do have to criticize the press
you've got to find the correct balancing
act because the press does have a bias
and and they don't know it they don't
they don't have bad intent I don't like
the right-wing I mean you're right that
Hannity's languages dangerous Anna
because he is putting bad intent on them
which makes people angrier and want to
take action against them saying oh
they're they're trying to do this and
this training deceive you it said
they're trying to deceive you no they're
not they're fabricating writings they
but in my opinion the mainstream press
has a deep establishment bias they are
for the status quo so when you say hey
would like to help the average American
every time almost every outlet will say
it's that's not practical it's not
pragmatic we can afford Wars whoo and
I'm never gonna ask about the cost of
wars we can afford trillions of dollars
in tax cuts but how dare you try to give
health care to the American people just
like every other developed country and
they will attack progressive ideas
consistently and to some degree
viciously yeah but it's not because
their secret could the reporters are
secret conservatives and they can't wait
to help the rich it's groupthink and and
they've been taught no your Sean Hannity
calls you liberal make sure you you know
really go after the Liberals and and the
status quo is great it's great
politicians with lots and lots of money
that they got they took from
corporations they got bribed to take
that's wonderful they're honorable
gentlemen it's group thing so we do have
to call that out strongly but there is
there's a really important line and I
think that they and Trump Hannity is
over the line I hear what you're saying
I like that he at least walked it back
to try to get to the right side of the
line by saying don't do anything
physical Trump has never been anywhere
near the right side of the line he's way
overboard to begin with and now by
openly encouraging violence against the
press by calling them enemy that what do
you do with enemy of the people what
does the government do with enemy of the
people he's the head of the government
he's way past that line and he is a
danger to our Constitution into our
Republic and also just one other fact
that I want to point out one day before
Hannity did that defense of Acosta he
one day before I should say he did that
defense of Acosta he was on Fox News and
a sin
he said that Acosta deserved the
harassment he got so I don't know if he
changed his tune because maybe there was
a little bit of backlash but either way
actions speak louder than words and so
it takes more than just defending Acosta
in one segment to actually change the
minds of some of the more unhinged Trump
supporters who actually want to carry
out you know acts of intimidation or
violence two easy ways for the young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a t YT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
