the ramifications of Donald Trump
zero-tolerance policy continues there
are hundreds of children who have not
yet been reunited with their parents
some of those parents have been deported
some of those parents are difficult to
trace back to the children because there
wasn't proper documentation of who these
children belong to but it was
interesting to hear from Ivanka Trump
and her thoughts on the zero tolerance
policy during a recent event with Axios
she was asked what her thoughts were on
the policy and here's what she had to
say in the White House for a number of
your college was the kids at the border
issue what is your view of that yes that
was a low point for me as well I I feel
very strongly about that and and I am
very vehement Lee against family
separation and the separation of parents
and children so I would agree with that
sentiment I think immigration is
incredibly complex as a topic illegal
immigration is incredibly complicated I
am a daughter of an immigrant my mother
grew up in communist Czech Republic but
we are a country of laws so you know she
came to this country illegally and we
have to be very careful about
incentivizing behavior that puts
children at risk of being trafficked
okay playing both sides there let's just
keep it 100 right yeah I appreciate that
she said that separating families was a
low point and I think she's the only one
allowed to disagree with Donald Trump
because if anyone else said that Trump
would have been on Twitter already like
we did you know we're not winning
anymore with our daughters our daughters
are a problem
come no one separated me with from her
okay but it is his beloved daughter so
she gets to say what she wants and I'm
glad that she's finally at least
tweaking him but when she she sounds a
million times smarter than Donald Trump
but the other day her thesis was nobody
knew that immigration was this
complicated know at the end of the day
thesis was let me go ahead and you know
soften the image of my father but also
regurgitate the same talking points that
are not valid that have no data behind
them and so again we are a country of
laws you should tell your father about
that you should be aware of the laws
because he seems to think he's above the
law but more importantly look child
trafficking is a serious issue but
they're conflating that issue with what
happened at the border with the zero
tolerance policy we're talking about
parents showing up with their kids
looking for amnesty and then having
those children separated from their
parents they were separated from their
parents we're not talking about
smugglers we're not talking about
coyotes
we're not talking about anything other
than families here and so don't conflate
two separate issues in order to you know
walk that line and avoid pissing off the
Republicans cuz that's essentially what
she did there by the way even though the
zero tolerance policy has been stopped
right thanks to some federal judges and
thanks to enough public pressure that
Trump ended it the reality is it's set
off a domino effect and right now what
Republicans are trying to do and they're
fighting aggressively is do away with
protections for these children they're
still trying to do away with the Flores
settlement and so I'll get to the
details of that in just a second so
they're looking for asylum
of course not amnesty but oh sorry yeah
I know you just misspoke snobby and and
then to be fair to Ivanka even Trump
himself said that she pushed internally
he said Ivanka feels very strongly this
is when he reversed his policy my wife
feels very strongly about it and then
he's like then he realizes oh that
doesn't look good
they seem like good guys and I don't so
he adds III feel very strongly about it
I think anybody with a heart would feel
very strongly but he but you're the one
who separated him in the first place no
you don't get to claim you have a big
heart but anyway apparently Ivanka did
push behind the scenes tan the policy is
well I'm being fair give her credit on
that and and she's now saying it
publicly but you know she says I'm out
my mom came over legally and Ana made a
great point about how it's funny who
they want to apply the law to if you're
powerless and you came to help your
family either run away from violence in
your home country or even if you just
want to get a job and live the American
dream etc you're apparently a terrible
law breaker but if you might have done
corrupt business deals or colluded with
foreign countries during an election no
no rule of was irrelevant for the
powerful it should never apply by the
way if you're a big banker it should
never apply in the democrats and
republicans agree to that only apply the
law people who have no power if you have
a lot of power no rule of laws nonsense
that's just for the middle class and the
poor and so finally for four hundred and
thirty one children have not been you
reunited it's a bigger number overall
but these specifically because their
parents were deported so her dad didn't
realize apparently how complicated
immigration was so ordered
that the families be separated ordered
that they're fair that their parents be
deported and then went oops it turns out
we still have their kids so what's gonna
happen to these kids what happens to
migrant children in the future this is
something that Republicans are asking
and they want to essentially set the
rules for what can happen to these kids
and right now there are luckily
protections indicating that children
cannot be detained for longer than
twenty days that is the flora settlement
which was a settlement reached back in
the 1990s well Republicans don't like
that the Trump administration doesn't
like that because they don't want
families seeking us
xylem to you know be free I guess as
they're awaiting their court dates and
so they want to detain them they want
them to be in custody until they you
know have their cases all worked out and
so there is a growing movement the
graphic 21 there's a growing call from
Republicans and administration officials
to keep immigrant families locked up for
the entirety of their bids for asylum or
legal status and that could take months
or years now again based on the Flores
settlement kids cannot be detained for
that long and so right now you have
senators on Capitol Hill Republican
senators specifically who are trying to
pass legislation that would essentially
undo the Flores settlement and allow
them to detain children with their
parents indefinitely okay and then
there's also an interesting tactic that
they're considering so they will
essentially tell the parents who are
seeking asylum with their children all
right look here's the thing
you can't be detained with your kids
okay for longer than twenty days so what
do you want to do I mean we're gonna
have to you can waive the Flores
settlement right say that you're okay
with your kids being detained with you
indefinitely or if you're not okay with
your kids being detained indefinitely
then we're gonna have to separate you
from your kids essentially giving them
this impossible ultimatum almost like a
Sophie's Choice
and so you wonder why people want to
abolish ice because they're worried that
this is not the right way to enforce our
laws and that that this organization has
gotten away in their zeal to to hunt the
most powerless people in the country and
it's because of statements like this the
ice executive associate director Mathu
albuns in front of Congress said give us
the authority to hold a family as a
family unit and any explained
indefinitely so yeah wanting to hold a
family indefinitely because they cross
the border when it's totally unnecessary
is needlessly cruel now why do I say
it's unnecessary they give them ankle
bracelets and the overwhelming majority
of them yes not only come back they come
back for every single proceeding in
every
86% of these asylum seekers go to their
court dates and and they do what they're
supposed to do so let's just be clear
about that and Albin's was that when
asked about a total committee that most
quote most times we don't see them again
please that's not true at all and then
he was asked a follow-up question did
you know the percentages and he said no
he said but it's quote a small
percentage that ever returned to court
it's no it's not it's 86% that's a very
very high percentage so they are
purposely framing it in a way to make it
seem like oh my god we'll never get
these people unless we lock them up
together as a family and so and the only
other choice we'll give them is either
we're gonna rip the kids away from you
or you sign away your rights for your
kids not to be in prison for over 20
days so damned if you do damned if you
don't
and this is the gratuitous cruelty that
people object to with ice they return to
their court hearings just follow regular
procedure and do not imprison the kids
but you know these detention centers you
know they can make a lot of money by
detaining people indefinitely no one
ever talks about the profit motive
behind it except for here at TYT where
we talk about it incessantly but it's
important to point it out because at the
end of the day it's not about the facts
it's not about you know whether or not
the majority of people show up to their
court dates it's about the profit motive
and and how much money these
institutions make I wonder how many ice
officials go on to work for private
prisons yeah
by the way not only a hashtag abolish
ice hashtag abolish private prisons yes
to me that's a much easier question it's
a lay up anyone who's for private
prisons does not literally does not care
about freedom of Americans they are
incentivizing locking up their fellow
citizens right or wrong for profit so
make sure you spread that around hashtag
abolish private prisons too easy
wasteful young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
