often times it's incredibly frustrating
to see Democrats Democratic candidates
refuse to fight and be on the offense
when it comes to of several political
issues now Leslie Cockburn who is a
House candidate a Democratic House
candidate from the state of Virginia
does not match that description of
Democrats she is going in guns blazing
against her Republican opponent and her
attacks are different from what you'd
expect but nonetheless I love it so she
goes after a Republican Denver Riggleman
okay there he is
and here is an example of one of her
attacks she says quote my opponent
Denver Riggleman running mate of Corey
Stewart was caught on camera campaigning
with a white supremacist now he has been
exposed as a devotee of Bigfoot erotica
this is not what we need on Capitol Hill
you know what I be with you I I don't
begrudge anyone who's into Bigfoot
erotica but I'd like them to kind of
keep that into in their own personal
lives you know I don't want our
politicians talking about their fetishes
now he said that he did write an
anthropological book sort of based on
parody and satire which has been a
running joke with a bunch of military
pals for the past 14 years apparently he
and his friends in the past had
exchanged Bigfoot erotica imagery on
social media Twitter I believe well of
course they did then they they thought
the guy had a Bigfoot Hey beautiful hair
but they did rough talk him and run him
off so if you guys missed that that was
a one of the best reports CNN has ever
done and one of our favorite segments
ever on The Young Turks when they went
and talked to a guy who thought he saw
but basically Bigfoot right and but but
don't worry like he said he ruff talked
him and run him off he told him get me
yeah beautiful hair six fingers okay now
there's a guy like that running for
Congress I love all of this because okay
attacking him for aligning himself with
you know white supremacist that makes
all
the world that's to be expected but then
in the same tweet out of nowhere come
the Bigfoot attacks and it's just I just
love it right be ruthless
be strong be powerful yes well that's
the serious message here and I'm gonna
get to that in a second but hold on I'm
not done with Big Four yet so Riggleman
I mean there's no joke I mean he's
really really into Bigfoot I don't know
how particularly which which way he's
going with Bigfoot but I don't know if
he's getting big footage or he's doing
the bigfooting night okay but but but
listen he bragged about a book he's got
it coming out recently called the mating
habits of Bigfoot and why women want him
to first of all do they but my favorite
thing my favorite thing is when you hear
like middle-aged right-wing men like
make declarative statements about what
women want because who wouldn't know any
better than they would right and they
know what I want better than I do
no no Riggleman knows he knows he knows
you are Bigfoot you you're seeing ya get
but instead you're thinking he's got a a
beautiful hair I'm not done yet he had
another book is two books on Bigfoot
unbelievable more than a decade ago it
was titled Bigfoot ik storm
exterminators incorporated the partially
cautionary mostly true tale of monster
hunt 2006 are these really books that he
published yeah it's his co-wrote a book
and he says he's got a new book release
coming out about a month or two on this
uh I mean one was I guess hunting
Bigfoot which I suppose is a little bit
more normal these days in Republican
circles oh you only believe in Bigfoot
and believe in hunting him oh that's
nothing at least you don't wanna have
sex with him I mean that's the state of
the Republican Party the other one was
the mating habits of Bigfoot and why
women want him okay
about the mating habits of a
bigfoot-like anyway okay so by the way
yeah he says I do not believe that
bigfoot is real to be fair to him he
also says that he does not want to
alienate any Bigfoot voters so look you
is that last part of joke or is he
serious I can't tell the Republicans
anymore no I think looked to be fair to
him on this whole Bigfoot thing you know
he's having fun with it I hope I don't
think that he's being serious yes but
all right
so before I get back to him though I
gotta say a third of them yeah yeah so I
want found somebody then because of the
story people start writing about Bigfoot
fetishes okay so I I love all these
titles that it was actually huffington
post that found them all the what was
called two big feet one big dot dot dot
apparently this one is is kind of a
common theme but that people are worried
that it has racial undertones captured
by a Bigfoot okay I don't know why
series I don't want to even get into
that
oh yeah anyway I don't think you're
ready for this Yeti okay it's not Yeti
too soon okay
oh that I'm not done two more no three
more what book is called Bigfoot
depravity but I people endlessly amuse
me another one
hounded by President Bigfoot these are
books these are erotica oh yes
apparently there is a prolific erotica
writer by the name of Chuck tingle and
he's of course that's his name of course
he's the one who wrote pounded by
President Bigfoot and finally
his last bestseller was Bigfoot pirates
haunt my balls no come on I'm not making
it up to say that I'm thrilled that
nothing has ever haunted my boss let
alone Bigfoot so back to something
serious for a second thank God finally a
Democrat fighting fire with fire you
know the Republicans make up stuff about
Democrats and just smear them left and
right left and right now here's a
Democrat by the way named Cockburn god
bless her heart ya know but her last
name is Cockburn blame this story yes
this story and I love it I love every
part of this yeah nobody in all kidding
aside she's fantastic because and this
is a really interesting race fifth
District in Virginia is Charlottesville
and that is a district that had one of
the the biggest anti-muslim bigot in in
Congress and then Tom Perry a wonderful
progressive one that back in the day
that district has gone back and forth so
it's actually a really important
district in the country and but Leslie
Cockburn has got the right attitude here
which is know if you don't write a
bigfooter Annika I'm coming for you okay
you might be coming for Bigfoot but I'm
coming for you okay so she's I'm not
gonna let it go I'm I'm gonna tell
people that this is what you're into and
if they like it and they liked Bravo
Bigfoot erotica enthusiasts okay great
then they'll vote for you but goddamn
right through it's time we started
fighting back two easy ways for the
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and ii is
ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
