thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt dawn began will
no longer be the White House Council he
will be stepping down and this is
something that we expected Trump was
very clear in stating that McGann would
step down following the confirmation of
Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court and
for the moment being he will be replaced
by a man named Emmett flood attorney
Emmett flood took over on Thursday
meeting today as white House Counsel
replacing dawn began until his full-time
successor joins the administration so
who will his full time a successor be
Pat Sibley Oni
so flood who joined the White House in
May has served as a member of the
president's legal team in the Russia
investigation I think that's relevant he
also helped represent then President
Bill Clinton in his impeachment
proceedings and served in the White
House counsel's office for George Bush
so let's note the relevant part of this
Don began story he's the White House
Counsel and he shepherded Cavanaugh and
Gorsuch through circa servers like him
and we did a story a while back where
and and this is what led to Don began
leaving where we found out that McGann I
think was the New York Times who broke
the story initially went and testified
for 30 hours in front of Robert Muller
he apparently thought the Donald Trump
was throwing him under a bus and so he
gave Muller whatever information he
thought he needed to give to protect
himself
oops it turns out he didn't realize
island Trump was not throwing him under
the bus that he just couldn't comprehend
that Donald Trump had no strategy at all
and and then realized afterwards oh no I
didn't realize he's so dumb he didn't
have a strategy he told me to go testify
I thought he was doing it out of like oh
but if I do this and then he'll move do
that no he just didn't know that I have
all this information he could have
blocked by testifying but he didn't know
no
like okay so the story though when you
get into the like nitty-gritty of it
so Trump has his personal lawyers and
then there's the White House Counsel and
their communication was so terrible that
it led to McGann testifying for 30 hours
because remember his Trump's personal
lawyers actually thought he was innocent
and so they were they were saying you
should be transparent yeah McGann go go
go talk to Muller what do we have to
have we don't have anything to my ROM
and another mistake he made us he
thought the White House Counsel is his
lawyer yes he's not he's a government
lawyer for the White House so he thought
oh he won't say anything so anyway he
was gonna get fired because of that but
they wanted a wait till after Kavanaugh
was over but let's note that having your
White House Counsel leave two and a half
be weeks before an election is insane it
would be the largest scandal in any
other administration we're so used to
Trump scandals this is like wow way low
on the list right but if does if Obama's
White House canceled left counsel left
in a panic because he testified against
Obama and etc two weeks before an
election people without oh my god into
how White House is in disarray madness
in the White House we're just used to
the madness
and this is another piece of it normally
this is unprecedented and one last part
robert muller likely to release his
findings after the elections just like i
told you it's a perfect time to do it
this is what i thought before we found
out that news because the elections are
over it's not political the democrats
likely will win but they haven't taken
over yet in the lame-duck session the
republicans are still in charge he says
that's the most non-political time to
release it and other thing is Donnie Yen
wants to get the hell out of Dodge
before Muller releases those findings
okay cuz he knows what he told Muller it
was such a big scandal I'm like I don't
know am I just desensitize at the moment
ya know Trump wants him to leave because
he feels betrayed and began wants to
leave before people start getting
arrested okay dick dick dick dick dick
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
