keith ablow is part of fox news's 18 he
is a body language expert salsa
professed body language expert and we
make jokes about him a lot and so we
missed a story about him in mid-july
that I wanted to bring up and look these
are allegations that have not been
proven I want to be absolutely clear
about that and and Keith Ablow denies
these allegations but apparently a woman
has filed a lawsuit against him alleging
that he engaged in physical sexual
conduct with her and encouraged sexual
conversations during treatment sessions
and rewarded her with free sessions now
her lawsuit seeks damages of at least
five million dollars and she claims that
he was negligent while treating her
again he just completely denies this I
don't know what the truth is so we'll
see how this goes in court but with that
said shank I wanted you to jump in yes
you had some feelings so for a long time
I'm making fun of Keith Ablow
and he has a sinister face that led me
to some fun conspiracy theories so I've
seen this for a number of years but here
is the one of the times that I said it
my theory on Keith Ablow that he's got
somebody tied up in a basement May 2014
he's got somebody tied up in a basement
here are allegations of sexual
misconduct on the therapist couch I'm
not saying anything I'm just saying okay
now all right now put the kidding aside
guys I need you to stop your party
attitude okay by the way there's a fun
conspiracy theory about me that I want
to share in the post gale of course
there is of course there's you're gonna
love this one
I'm apparently an agent of a certain
country we'll figure out which country
that is there's a lot of twists and
turns in this theory anyway that's in
the post game for the members become a
member of the Young Turks by going to
tea y-t-dot-com /join okay and then you
get all the young turks shows for a low
low price okay now back to a blow guys
I'm not sure he really did it
and we
no we're just kidding around we're not
like the right-wing you know I do I know
that he's got somebody tied up in a
basement no does he probably but I'm
kidding I'm kidding okay so even in this
case we can't help ourselves but be fair
there's something a little off there's
and look you know one knows and they'll
go to court and I'll sort it out but
it's the same lawyer that sued him twice
on two different issues from two
different women that's a red flag
it's a red flag because the other case
had didn't have evidence to back up the
claims yeah the other case was about
medical malpractice and the medical
malpractice Commission Tribunal in the
state already dismissed it they're going
to pursue that case anyway so it might
be an attorney here that see some dollar
signs here's a guy on TV so it is
curious that he found two different
women on two different cases on the same
guy so there's some red flags around it
doesn't mean that he didn't do it
and so I have no idea and that's why you
know that's why you got to sort these
things out in court he also alleges that
he had some sort of order no trespassing
order against her and he secured that
order two years ago because she had been
harassing him so that's another thing
that brought up a red flag in my eyes
right but we don't know the identity of
the woman we don't know all the details
of what's going on so we just want to be
abundantly clear that this is not like
some black and white issue black or
white issue yeah we just want to have a
tiny bit of fun by pretending that he
does have someone that's like but look
if he did do it it's a super serious
issue and you don't know until you see
all the evidence of did he actually have
a restraining order or as she claims
that he sent her non-stop sexual
messages which would be an interesting
evidence but a it's Keith Ablow though
is you know it's it's hard to to
question him because he's not just on
Fox News's medical B team he's on their
medical a-team the medical a-team yeah
and also here's the thing if she was
really into him in any way he would be
able to tell even without the verbal
cues because he's a body language expert
nothing amuses him
more than this so called body language
experts on TV he literally said that
once as far as I know and we haven't let
it go ever since two easy ways to follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
