and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more Paul
Manafort one of trumps campaign advisors
is now on trial in fact his first day of
trial began yesterday and we have some
details about what's going on I wanted
to share with all of you so Paul
Manafort appeared in court where he
faces 18 charges of bank and tax fraud
including allegations that he laundered
thirty million dollars made from
lobbying for pro-russia political
parties in Ukraine several years ago if
convicted manna fort could face up to
life in prison
so I want to be clear about something
first off he's facing two separate
trials
and I'll get to the second trial in just
a second but when it comes to this
particular trial
there is really no discussion about
Trump this is about Manafort and his
illegal activity alleged illegal
activity with Ukraine so the former
Trump aid also awaits this separate
charges in Washington DC involving money
laundering and failing to register as a
foreign agent so he was essentially
doing work on behalf of Ryu crane
pro-russian forces within Ukraine and
while he was doing that he was earning a
ton of money and part of the problem was
not only that he failed to register as a
foreign agent he would try to hide that
money from the IRS so he wouldn't pay
taxes on it then afterwards when he no
longer had a job with you know these
Ukrainian politicians at that time the
Ukrainian leader what he did was
essentially lie to us banks in order to
secure loans and so that's a big problem
as well look they got a man so I saw the
defense that that they put on it because
they already did the opening statements
moving really fast as a trial and and
their top defenses were two things one
was my longtime business associated Rick
Gates he's the guy who has already given
evidence to the prosecutors has pled
guilty and is working with the
prosecutors he's like it was him poor
little me I had no idea that Rick
it's was getting me tens of millions of
dollars okay
he was spending $15,000 on ostrich
jackets okay so he knew he knew that
there where the money was how the money
was coming in and by the way Rick gates
the defense keeps referring to him as
you know the business partner but
remember Rick gates worked under manna
for like manna Ford is the head honcho
here so to blame this on Ricky AIDS is
hilarious yes so it's not credible and I
actually love that the prosecutors keep
talking about the ostrich jacket the
judge is a reagan appointee and he told
them stop talking about how he spent the
money it's not relevant I actually think
it is relevant I think it's great that
they're telling a jury because what did
you do break all those laws for for a
goddamn ostrich jacket are you kidding
me fifteen thousand dollars for a jacket
made out of an ostrich I didn't even
know that existed we talked about it on
the postgame yesterday if you're a
member you can get all the post-games
TYT dot-com slice join to become a
member get all of our content but that
that goes to show you how ridiculous the
defense case is the second part of it
their defenses
oh it's lipped my mind and I didn't
report it to the IRS right what how much
is the number that slipped his mind
thirty million dollars who in their
right mind sitting on that jury is gonna
go all right I mean I said thirty but I
meant 60 I just forgot about the other
thirty million dollars no that's not a
credible case at all he's in a world of
trouble yeah yeah and he collected more
than 60 million dollars between 2010 and
2014 while essentially working as a
foreign agent by the way a Trump is also
very well aware of what's going on with
Manta for it's part of the reason why
he's lashing out on Twitter he's very
worried about his own you know
investigation and so he addressed it
during a Twitter rant recently and he
said the following Paul Manafort worked
for Ronald Reagan Bob Dole and many
other highly prominent and respected
political leaders he worked for me for a
very short time
why didn't government tell me that he
was under investigation
these old charges have nothing
do with collusion a hoax okay so look he
just needs to like just stop tweeting
it's a really bad idea because as I
mentioned this particular you know trial
has nothing to do with Russia or
collusion but Trump can't help himself
and he keeps incriminating himself and
so he is needlessly injecting himself
into this trial and basically letting
everyone know I'm really worried because
I'm guilty and I have ties to this man
and so like why didn't I know why didn't
anyone tell me that he's being invested
come on okay just two funny things about
that I always knew this was Bob Dole's
fault but what but as usual a childish
move wasn't me it was Bob Dole it was
Ronald Reagan he says the ghost of
Ronald Reagan that did this it wasn't me
it wasn't me at all right okay I get it
dude
secondly to Anna's point this trial is
about the lobbying and the tax evasion
and and the fraud that that metaphor did
regarding the pro-russian Ukrainian
president it actually does not have to
do with the Trump campaign and we're
being honest with you guys about that
and we've said that from day one because
you don't like because it's true now the
only way that it relates to Donald Trump
is if at some point metaphor thinks my
goose is cooked I'm done yes he might
then cooperate with prosecutors and give
them other evidence about Donald Trump
but right now that has not happened so
this case actually is to be fair to
Donald Trump about things that happen
before man afford ever join Trump's
campaign but for Trump to go around
pretending that he barely knew mana for
mana fort was his campaign manager he
was the head of his campaign it's a
preposterous thing to say Oh Mike the
head of my campaign oh I barely knew him
he knew Bob Dole better see that makes
me think well maybe manna Ford does have
something on you and that's why you're
in a panic over this otherwise why would
you even care
exactly yeah so he's you know worried
about a potential plea deal he's worried
about manna fort handing over some
incriminating evidence against Trump but
for the purposes of this trial this is
not about Trump this is not about
Russian collusion this is all about what
manna for
and the mounting evidence regarding his
foreign agent activity makes things look
really bad for him and he clearly worked
for the Ukrainian government at a time
when they were again on the pro-russian
side not not the current Ukrainian
government and he did not register as a
foreign agent so he's gonna be in a
world of trouble about that as well
later right so and that I think this is
a absolutely clear-cut case and and
maybe what and if you had told me a
prosecutor's tell me hey man afford did
colluded with the pro-russian guys but
but he but not in the case of Donald
Trump I believe that that's a perfectly
plausible thing to do but the Trump's
reaction does make me think well if you
were gonna collude with the Russians man
afford already has deep ties to them and
why is Trump panicked maybe that's why
he's panic cuz it was enough there they
didn't pick man afford out of the thin
air right he it Trump could have picked
anyone out of three hundred thirty
million people in the country he wound
up picking the guy who was a foreign
agent for Russian pro-russian forces
might have just been a coincidence
and and by the way it really might be a
coincidence but it appears from Trump's
reaction that perhaps it's not a
coincidence two easy ways for Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
