thank you for watching or listening to
this free podcast of The Young Turks we
want to make sure that you get some
portion of the show every day but if you
want the full show which is actually
five segments come become a member and
support independent media as well TYT
Network comm sized joined meanwhile
enjoy the free podcast
well delay up jerks on a powerful
Tuesday not a power panel just a random
powerful Tuesday's J huger it's Ana
Kasparian no we don't have to drop it
everything's gonna be okay okay but it
is in fact okay and and I want to talk
to you a little bit about America before
we get started oh okay
I'm a funny guy I had a great lunch and
and when I enjoy things that I savor
them you know what I think in my head
and I'm no joke I think okay like I had
a banana cream pie and a Hickory burger
with cheese I was like oh my god okay so
I I want you guys to be as patriotic as
I am and I know that it's sometimes it's
hard especially these this day and age
right and America isn't anywhere near
perfect we've made a thousand mistakes a
million mistakes throughout some pretty
egregious ones but the idea of America
is a great one so we should strive for
that and so that's why we got the flag
in the background okay
did you take MDMA like right before the
sugar I just wanted everyone know that I
love America
yeah I had a burger was delicious no I'm
just keeping it real that's what's
happening okay you more of this on
old-school TYT dot-com slice join did
become a member get all those shows I
also want to be proud about one other
flag that you should fly though I this
look triggered it for me other than they
go to lunch the freak flag
The Young Turks like okay where are the
colors where are the colors okay
first of all you will start
conversations okay people know the Young
Turks and you'll have conversations okay
just give it a real but most of the time
it's people 90% of the times people like
oh do you watch The Young Turks too and
for me like you watch oh okay
so but you guys are the Young Turks so I
want you to be proud of that
I mean you you've built home and
progressives here every time any one of
these candidates wins you you were at
least partly responsible for that any
show that you like it on the network you
were responsible for that so fly the
colors shop TYT
for shirts and and all the other stuff
okay
it was super random I told you it'd be
random yeah we got a lot of amazing
stories reminded me of something I want
to talk about in the postgame show
Pledge of Allegiance
I have controversial things to say
controversy in the postgame show members
get all the programming including the
postgame show which is only for members
yes t y-t-dot-com /join to become one
all right what's next alright we begin
with a devastating story a Florida woman
alleges that medics refused to take her
daughter to the hospital because the
service would cost too much money and
unfortunately her daughter lost her life
now the woman who's making these
allegations is Nicole black and there
has been some investigation into this
already and it seems that there is some
wrongdoing by these medics and I'll give
you the details on that but first let me
give you the whole story
so Nicole black alleges that her
granddaughter gave her a call and said
that she was worried about her mom her
mom had become very sick her mom happens
to be Black's daughter so she lives
nearby she runs over to her daughter's
home and finds that her daughter is
extremely sick she's you know uh you
know bend it over toward a toilet her
lips are swollen
so she immediately calls 911 so since
she lived a couple doors down she
immediately ran down to her daughter's
there she found crystal Galloway that's
the name of her daughter's slumped over
the bathroom with her lips swollen
drooling from the mouth black said that
her daughter was only kind of alert and
had passed out she had recently given
birth to a baby boy and had a c-section
and so the you know mother thought maybe
these are complications from the
c-section gotta call the cops
well the dispatcher actually quoted the
incident as a stroke and also noted that
the individual is a transient which is
strange so weird yeah so going to her
house they're going to her house and so
there were a lot of mistakes made and
the question is were these mistakes were
things done intentionally and you know
we're gonna give you all the facts you
guys can decide and again this
investigation is ongoing now the fire
rescue you
it's arrived 12 minutes after being
dispatched rather than put her in the
ambulance they put her in blacks car
they put her in her mother's car and the
mother drove off the crew said it went
back into service immediately so the
whole conversation according to Nicole
black as the EMS drivers put my child in
my car was this was what was best
because we couldn't afford an ambulance
that's what she says the people who
arrived told her yeah hey don't worry
just take her in your car you won't be
able to afford the ambulance because
it's a six hundred bucks
six hundred bucks now the story gets
worse CNN spoke to black and here's what
she said about the whole ordeal they
didn't take any vitals they didn't take
any blood pressure they didn't check our
temperature the whole conversation as
the EMS drivers put my child in my car
was this was what was best for us
because we couldn't afford an ambulance
this is a woman's mom that you're
hearing from Nicole black she said she
called 911 for her daughter and that's
the picture that you see here her
daughter just recently given birth via
c-section
well Galloway was hospitalized but fell
into a coma and eventually passed away
let's talk with our senior medical
correspondent Elizabeth Cohen now about
what should happen when you do call 911
oh call I would think yeah I feel
protocol you I mean first of all take
the person's vital signs yeah right I
mean that's really important and that's
what this this inquiry that's going on
that's what these medics are charged
with that first of all they didn't take
her vital signs second they said that
you know the mom just drove away with
the daughter well if there was a refusal
to get a transport to the hospital there
should have been a signed form right the
patient should have signed that refusal
and there is no signed form and then
afterwards when they were coding what
happened in this whole thing they coded
it as a canceled call the medics said it
was a canceled call which is not what
happened okay so there's these are
extremely serious allegations so it is
that was first reading this story and
CNN broke it originally and it didn't
say in the headline that she had died or
I had gone into a coma
I saw she went into a coma it was like a
gut punch in the middle of the story and
then it said she died and I'm like oh no
she died because at first I thought it
was an account rageous story of making
assumptions about this poor person and
not getting them to the hospital in time
but it turns out they had a helicopter
or out because as soon as they got her
to the hospital and actually took her
vitals they're like oh my god you're in
a lot of trouble we got to get you out
of here and get you to a place I can
treat you she goes into the coma and
days later dies so look who's right
who's wrong cuz the medics say oh no no
they wanted to go in the car and we were
trying to help them and center they
claimed let me be specific because they
had to help this woman down flights of
stairs to get her into her mother's
vehicle right into her car and so
they're alleging no no we were we didn't
take the vitals inside the home because
the home was too small and too dark for
us to do that and then they claimed that
they tried to do it outside but couldn't
because nicole black the mother rushed
off to the hospital no but you guys
helped the woman into the car yeah no no
there's a lot in there story that
doesn't add up first of all you take the
vitals right away there's no such thing
as a house too dark yeah too small to
take vitals that's not a thing I mean
you take vitals anywhere that's a
preposterous thing to say what if
someone I'd pass out in a closet I mean
hopefully you can move them out but
otherwise your date to buy those because
you got to go you got to figure out
what's wrong with them right this it's
that sounds incredibly made-up and then
the idea that you call it they may they
said it was a cancelled call that's how
they reported it later what was not a
cancelled call so what's going on why
are you saying things that aren't true
and then Hillsborough County
Administrator Mike Merrill did a press
conference and he is very skeptical
about the EMS version of the story but
look even if you're in that camp of know
I think for whatever reason the family's
lying and even though their story seems
to match up a lot better I don't know
why you're in that camp but okay even if
you're in that camp look at the society
we live in where whether it's the EMS or
it's the patient's themselves a woman
was
stuck under a train the other day and
didn't want anybody to call an ambulance
because she was afraid she was gonna pay
too much
look at how brutal the system Asst that
everybody's worried about how you can't
pay you can't pay I should let you die
or you figure out if you want to die or
take a ten percent chance of dying or
twenty five percent chance of dying
these are the calculations we make while
we're either about to go on a coma or
stuck under a train because we have a
brutal system the rest of the developed
world has universal health care so that
if you're passed out or under a train
people come to help you because it's
they're actually humane and decent
Society by the way they also paid less
for their health care than we do they do
and I want to note one other things so
the victim in this story had just given
birth she had a c-section and there's a
pretty big chance that there were
complications from that c-section which
is why she got so sick the mortality
rate when giving birth is incredibly
high in the United States in fact it's
the highest in the United States
compared to any other developed country
in fact more than 50,000 women suffer
from severe maternal morbidity and from
childbirth each year and 700 to 900
women die each year while giving birth
that is the highest number of all
developed countries so look this story
is outrageous because for God's sake
helper don't make assumptions about her
financial situation by the way they had
insurance they were fine get her to the
hospital okay but the part two is the
outrage at large in the whole country so
the the right wing keeps saying we're
number one number one at what not in
health care we're literally number
thirty-seven not education we pay twice
as much as countries like Canada and
Japan we have worse results we we
literally lived shorter lives we were
the worst material of a death rate
during births of any development nation
as Anna just told you well so where's
the number one port and on top of all
that we are in a constant terror dome of
are we gonna get sick are we gonna be
able to afford it if we get sick if we
get into it
accident uh can I afford it or should I
just take a chance to die instead that's
insanity and all this for what because
we want to pay less no we pay more we
pay more it makes no sense at all
so who makes all the money the middlemen
and they're not government bureaucrats
the right-wing has lied to you your
whole life and unfortunately a lot of
the media aids and abets them no it is
the corporate bureaucrats
it's the middlemen of healthcare
insurance and all the marketing costs
they have etc that is totally
unnecessary they double the cost put it
in their pocket and you're stuck under a
train wondering if you're gonna live or
not
well I feel like the arguments in favor
of a medicare-for-all system or
universal health care those arguments
fall short and a perfect example of that
is the next story that we're about to do
so let's get right to it a coke backed
organization commissioned a study to try
to prove that a Medicare for All system
here in the United States a proposal
that Bernie Sanders has championed would
be a complete and utter disaster when it
comes to our economy and that it would
just simply cost too much the only
problem is the findings of the study
actually indicate that the United States
would save a lot more money if we had a
medicare-for-all system in fact we would
save about two trillion dollars over ten
years if we shifted from the current
system we have now to a Medicare for All
system so Bernie Sanders responded to
this and before I get into all the
numbers and the specifics of the study
this will give you an idea of how
complementary this is towards Bernie's
proposal take a look let me thank the
Koch brothers of all people for
sponsoring a study that shows that
Medicare for all would save the American
people two trillion dollars over a
10-year period a Medicare for all health
care system would save the average
family significant sums of money it will
do that by substantially reducing the
administrative costs now taking place as
a result of the billing the Iraq
see an insatiable greed within the
insurance industry here is the bottom
line if every major country on earth can
guarantee health care to all and achieve
better health care outcomes while
spending substantially less per capita
than we do please do not tell me that
the United States of America cannot do
the same so I want to give context here
every study that has looked at Medicare
for all has shown that it saves money
doesn't cost money
so every time you see both bad actors
and good willing people with good intent
ask the question of but is it practical
understand that there the question is
completely wrong it's like saying well
you got a great stake but it costs less
is that practical yeah by definition
it's practical it cost less right it
makes no sense and look even Trevor Noah
on The Daily Show why cuz the group
think of New York and Washington is all
progressive programs are not pragmatic
or practical they cost more money when
in reality it's the tax cuts and the
wars that caused trillions of dollars so
now there's different ranges for how
much Medicare for all saves us for the
entirety of health care in the country
one study has it at 17 trillion dollars
ok now the most common one is the one
that's 2 trillion dollars the one that
Bernie referenced the one that that the
Koch brothers did they're like oh
Medicare for all that looks out for
average Americans and not billionaires
this cost so much money and they meant
to do debt great damage - they're like
you know how much you have to raise in
taxes it costs thirty two point six
trillion dollars and then they people
experts pointed out the current system
costs costs 33 trillion dollars this is
over a decade both of them are over a
decade so you would actually even under
the Koch study under the worst case
scenario we would still save four
hundred billion dollars like Oh at least
400 billion oh that's that's kind of
uncomfortable yes that I I think the two
trillion number is the one that that
most of the studies are landing on right
so I think that's a fair one to use but
it ranges from 400 billion to 17
trillion the savings not
extra money what we save for a better
system that covers all of us because
look this is the thing I think the two
trillion dollar figure underestimates
the savings as well and I'll get I'll
give you the exact reason why I think
that so look at how health care is
handled in Cuba now I'm not saying that
cute was perfect
however Cuba doesn't have the resources
to effectively treat people who have
illnesses that have progressed right so
as a result Cuba has the best preventive
health care of any country I mean it's
incredible like doctors go door to door
and ensure that people are getting the
preventive health care necessary to
ensure that they don't get sick to the
point where they can't help them now
with that said if you have a Medicare
for All system what are people likely
gonna do they're gonna go to the doctor
for preventative health care people
don't go to the doctor for preventive
health care cuz they got to deal with
you know the the copay they got to deal
with deductibles if you know the doctor
discovers that there's something wrong
with them they need treatment for
something I mean people are afraid to go
to the doctor and get their annual
checkups in the country so if we had a
system where that fear ceases to exist I
think people are gonna go to the doctor
and make sure that they're getting the
health care they need so they don't get
so sick to the point where they're being
sent to emergency rooms and things like
that so now I know the right was oh you
guys wanted to be like you but no no I
know the whole point is that even in a
country where so many things have gone
wrong that is really really poor and
then as in otherwise disaster is shaped
like Cuba their even their health care
is better than our health care I mean
that is mind-blowing because almost
everyone's health care is better than
our health care and for what and you
think well chanc Ana you guys can't be
right how could we save money and it
covers everyone and it's better health
care and it gets better results all
across the world they something's not
adding up here so what's the catch well
the catch is our system is more corrupt
than other systems we allow for
legalized bribery of our politicians so
what do all the health care companies do
most of all insurance companies because
they would literally go out of business
so they spend tens of millions overall
up to billions of dollars when you
combine the whole healthcare industry
just literally bribing politicians now
it's legal in this country and I know if
you don't live in America that seems
amazing no you can't just give money to
politicians yes in our country you could
just give millions of dollars to
politicians and that's not called a
bribe that's called the campaign
contribution or an independent
expenditure so they bribe all of our
politicians to maintain their profit at
our expense sometimes at the expense of
our lives yes and that includes
pharmaceutical drugs that cost way more
here in the United States compared to
other countries like Canada and also
look and people get on me when I mention
this but it's the truth it's happening
it's happening left or right we all know
it right the system that we currently
have also leaves a lot of room for abuse
so to give you an example you know a
family member got an MRI and then we got
billed because we didn't realize that
this doctor wasn't in network for
$12,000 $12,000 for an MRI come on come
on total nonsense it's highway robbery
look I'll give you the last example here
and in this medicare-for-all debate is
settled if you actually care about
policy you care about at the average
American there is now no debate left it
costs less
it covers everyone you know the 15.5% of
the country is totally uncovered if they
get sick they're screwed they either die
or they go bankrupt or both they die and
their family goes bankrupt
it's it's madness it's the terrordome we
live in okay now in in terms of the
example I was gonna give you the drug
companies which are the number one donor
support issues in America even more than
the oil companies more than the bank so
that they drive more corruption than
everything else they made Bush Obama and
Trump all them all I'm not gonna do it
or I'm not gonna do it I'm not gonna let
them get away with it Obama even did an
ad about it so - Donald Trump they get
into office they're like oh right you
guys bribe me more than anyone else did
does so just kidding so what's the law
that they all agree - the United States
government cannot negotiate drug prices
with drug companies this is supposed to
be capitalism if you're a conservative
you should be disgusted by that and
you're so disgusting you voted for Trump
because he said he was going to get rid
of it
s1 he didn't because just like everyone
else
he's totally corrupt and he he said oh
the drug companies give money to
Republicans then forget it let him rob
us blind we're not even allowed to
negotiate he charges whatever the hell
you like that's why Americans pay so
much more for their drugs than any other
country because they bribed our
politicians the corruption is
record-breaking and the corruption and
will actually have decent policy in the
country and Medicare for all is a no
brainer and by the way it also polls
over 60% so this is look my anger is
bipartisan
the Republicans are 99.8% corrupt at the
federal level none of them serve you if
you're under that delusion you're just
you're just not accurate it's just not
true
they take tone there's a party built on
donor money okay now why is bipartisan
yes maybe 20% of Democrats are not
hooked on the donor money that sounds
like a high number yeah okay now it's
growing because of Justice Democrats and
Bernie Sanders etc and now people are
saying they're not gonna take corporate
bank money so at least there's a little
base with a Democratic Party that is not
corrupt so thank God finally after all
these years but overall look at Obama he
did the same goddamn thing they even
killed a public option they did the
Heritage Foundation plan and put a
pretty face on it and said voila we
fixed your health care no you didn't
know you didn't and then and the
Democrats play along with the same exact
donors and and neat and they've also
agreed to this system where we all get
crushed I'm sick of it and by the way
the Democratic Party fights to keep
money in politics harder than the
Republican Party does I know that
because I founded Wolf Pack at the state
level no one fights harder for the
corruption than the Democratic Party
does Nancy Pelosi so-called progressive
groups like common cause and all those
Washington groups they like do not do
change go to a convention that would
actually bring change that might give us
amendments no we maintain
corrupt system that's what the
Democratic establishment is that's what
the Republican establishment is so
politically we have to get we have to
steamroll them we have to do whatever we
can to crush them and move on
politically we fight legally we fight
politically we fight constitutionally
and we're gonna win if we you know why
because our literally it's a matter of
life and death we know what the right
policy is but and last thing Democrats
you go medicare-for-all it's a
no-brainer
and it's supposed to be a progressive
position the overwhelming majority of
Democrats are still like oh that's
impractical that's a Republican talking
point why are you saying that it's
because you're corrupt you take donor
money anyone who's not for Medicare for
all who's a Democrat flat-out corrupt
period period so just it's just so you
know Republicans at least they're honest
they go I mean relatively speaking they
go we're for the rich we're gonna do
another round of tax cuts for the rich
and only for the rich it's capital gains
cuts for the big drug companies of
course we're in their pocket where the
corrupt come party the Democrats lied to
you the establishment Democrats say no
no I'm on your side right Oh better care
for all no I'm gonna help the
Republicans crush that and I'm gonna use
the same tongue boy Diane Feinstein
going around saying it's a complete
takeover of health care no it's not
takeover of health care insurance not
the whole industry not doctors not
hospitals why are you saying that you
know why a week later she went to a
fundraiser thrown by that health
insurance companies because she's
fundamentally corrupt systemically
corrupt and the corruption wolf dash
pack.com or get involved in any way you
can because we got to end this this is
weird to follow that epic rant which was
awesome but I just wanted to do a quick
correction of myself because in the
first story that we did in this segment
I misread something and said that the
woman who was supposed to go to the
doctor by the medics was listed as a
transient know it was transient ischemic
attack which is essentially a stroke so
I didn't know that medical terminology I
apologize for that
we gotta take a break all right when we
come back I do have very very good news
for you guys which is that now an actual
civil war started within the Republican
Party not the fake ones that MSNBC
celebrates that actually helps them this
one is actually going to hurt them so I
will explain when we cover all right
back on a young turks Jenkin ana with
you guys let me read two tweets first
Mellie bitch writes in my mom passed
away in 2010 I don't think it would have
helped but I didn't call 9-1-1 at first
because I knew she'd be upset about a
large bill I knew she couldn't afford it
probably wouldn't have helped but now
I'll always wonder and went on to say in
another tweet I'll fight to the death
for Medicare for all cuz no one no one
should feel the way that I do my mom was
my best friend and I still miss her
everyday we live in a brutal country man
I mean I did a little ode to America in
the beginning but that's the idea of
America we we we must fix it we must fix
it okay so whatever it is just as
Democrats Wolfpack get involved I swear
to god we can make a difference look at
what happened with Alexandra Castillo
Cortez and by the way happy to announce
she will be on the power panel on Friday
so she's gonna be here she's gonna do
the first hour with us we can make
change happen we've done it together
before let's do it again okay
by the way another so-called progressive
group emily's list now put in 634
thousand dollars to defeat Brent welder
are you serious because he's too liberal
for Kansas there they're bragging about
how the person they're supporting was an
a fellow in the Obama White House the
part they left out was she was also
fellow in the Trump White House and she
stayed in the Trump White House and did
not leave they're spending six hundred
and thirty four thousand dollars to
defeat a progressive in Kansas so that
someone who served in the Trump White
House can get that seat insane the
by the way they got a new website win
with welder calm go to win with welder
calm go to TYT Kansas doctor I'm go to
whatever you want but make sure you help
Brett win if those fake progressives
take that seat by just buying it like
that they'll drive me crazy it's it
would it's gonna be a crime if that
happens all right anyway
look I'll do a fun tweet for you guys
6:13 puppet says I prefer countries that
weren't captured by corporate insurance
interests now and we all do
go to the YouTube super chat ship Walter
says always take the ambulance if you
have no insurance money will trigger the
hospital to seek to put you on Medicaid
which might help you right Julie Risto
and Kamali Rose corrected us on the
transient ischemic attack but thank you
guys Anna did correct that in the last
segment Hugh Edwards says Jesus was
homeless true last - YouTube super
chattier true Wilson says miss watching
your show it's tough being a progressive
in the military we actually have a lot
of people who watch us in the military
spread the word spread the word in the
military - you'd be surprised how many
people agree with us especially once
they start watching the show and the
last one is G love says jenkin on a hit
did you know that Cuba has lung cancer
vaccines true look it up and and I agree
with you too on Clinton and Obama all
right well thank you guys we appreciate
all that all right what's the next story
Anna all right the Koch brothers have
made it abundantly clear that they will
no longer support members of the GOP who
they feel are not living up to the Koch
brothers expectations now these are
Republicans they have been supportive of
the very tax cuts that the Koch brothers
and their supporters have been calling
for but apparently there are other
issues that these donors are looking for
these Republicans to take care of
including tariffs they hate the fact
that Donald Trump has engaged in this
trade war so as a result during their
Colorado Springs get-together which they
do every year here's what they had to
say they're saying that representative
Kevin Cramer from North Dakota
doesn't do enough to further the cokes
policy issues to warrant their help okay
so to give you some more details on that
apparently this network is also
currently not supporting Senate
candidates in two other key states
Indiana and Nevada I'll get to them in
just a second
but this has led to a feud between
Donald Trump and the Koch brothers now
Trump has handled it the way he handles
every other food he's gone after them on
Twitter but it's really fascinating
because remember I mean corporations got
a gigantic tax cut under Trump
Republicans overwhelmingly Republicans
in Congress overwhelmingly supported it
voted for it but it's still not enough
for the Koch brothers it's still not
enough for these donors they want more
so there's a lot of different parts of
this story and angles whose right Koch
brothers are Donald Trump oh boy right
number two this is a fight within the
Republican Party
they usually the kind of thing that
MSNBC celebrates it is irrelevant but
this one is not irrelevant this one is
very very relevant and it has
potentially really positive
ramifications but the things that have
been said are significant Donald Trump
called them a joke do you have those so
let's go to graphic 22 here are the two
tweets in reference to the Koch brothers
the globalist Koch brothers who have
become a total joke in real Republican
circles are against strong borders and
powerful trade I never sought their
support because I don't need their money
or bad ideas they love my tax and
regulation cuts judicial pics and more
and he also says I made them richer
which is true their network is highly
overrated I have beaten them at every
turn they want to protect their
companies outside the u.s. from being
taxed I'm for America first and the
American worker a puppet for no one two
nice guys with bad ideas make America
great again
so yeah there's a lot to break down
there because well I actually agree with
Trump on the whole issue of sending you
know their their jobs abroad or not
wanting to be taxed you know offshore
tax havens like all of that stuff is
true then Koch brothers want to maintain
those benefits but Trump took advantage
of that as
well like Trump is lying to the American
people when he pretends as if he's not
also benefiting from that Ivanka Trump
up until just recently was benefiting
from that by you know shipping jobs to
other countries rather than
manufacturing clothing for her line here
in the United States so first let me do
a breakdown of how different media
handles this right Fox News looks at
this who's right Trump or the Koch
brothers they say both because that's
that's their bread and butter those are
guys they've supported their whole lives
right so CNN looks at it and goes I
can't tell it's he said she said I can't
tell right MSNBC looks at it and says
Koch brothers Morning Joe loves the Koch
brothers fawns over them Joe and Mika go
to Koch brothers get-togethers and
retreats and come back and all the
establishment people on MSNBC is say
Donald Trump is wrong and the Koch
brothers are wonderful Americans okay so
I don't agree with any of that so what's
the TYT stance first of all they're both
wrong okay so that's no other network
will tell you that they pick sides or or
like CNN refused to pick sides even
though things are obvious right and then
the second part is is more important
which is well it depends what's the what
conversation are we having why are we
against Trump why are we guess the Koch
brothers based on substance so the Koch
brothers professionally bribe almost all
the Republican Party sometimes some
Democrats are corrupt enough they might
bribe camp yeah some Democrats as well
but overall they they're in the business
of bribing Republicans so they're wrong
in in the corruption that they do and
they say they say they do it for a
libertarian principles hilarious no
every one of their positions lines up
with their business interests so on that
Trump is correct they don't like the
tariffs because they have companies that
make things abroad and they don't they
don't want that they do want open
borders when it comes to trade by the
way the Koch brothers are right that the
tariffs are not going to help the
economy right so it depends what are we
talking about what are the facts right
overall when you weigh all the different
things that they're right and wrong
about it in in the
particular case in this story Trump is
more right than the Koch brothers are
fascinating yes yeah and by the way I
just want to add one more facet to this
story that I think is important look the
reason why Trump is you know boastful
about this on Twitter and it doesn't
seem to be afraid of the loss of donor
money especially when you know the blue
wave is coming in the midterms I think
it's because the the Republicans who
refuse to speak out against the trade
war understand that they have a
political price to pay if they go
against Trump because remember Trump's
base is still very loyal to them yeah
and so that's why there's choosing sides
with Trump versus the Koch brothers
what's the point in bringing in Koch
brother money or the other campaign
donations if voters are gonna reject
them for going after Trump so look I
know what Trump is doing and it's he's
not really thinking it through because
it's not bright enough but it is it's in
his nature right he's accumulating power
in just one person which is what
fascists do he doesn't like the
distributed power of even the oligarchs
like the Koch brothers having it he says
no I am I am now in in charge like Bane
and Batman when he puts the hand on the
business excited and goes so you think
you're in charge
hey so and and that's what he's doing so
I don't like that he's doing that but
are the Koch brothers part and parcel of
the corruption in America absolutely
he's totally right about that but it I
did not get excited by that why this
Trump flip-flops all the time and
remember what he said o NRA you know
they could intimidate other people but
not me I'm gonna get tough and then
three days later they're like hey
schmuck you know how much they give you
and he goes oh never mind we're not
gonna do anything that I said earlier
the NRA is awesome I've killed all my
proposals in fact I shot them okay so I
was waiting for him to do that with the
Koch brothers because he doesn't know
what he's doing he tries to do the alpha
male thing and then the Koch brothers
are like you know who you work for and I
thought two days later he'll flip flop
because he's Trump that's what he does
but then this is a really interesting
development that just happened Steve
banning came out and said that the Koch
brothers are a quote a total scam a
Ponzi scheme and then this is even more
important not just random
salts he said no one ever knows who
their donors are and that's true
it's not just the two Koch brothers they
bring some of the richest people in the
country into their retreats at Palm
Springs and other places they do it a
couple of times a year and since a lot
of it is dark money we don't know who
those incredibly rich people bribing our
politicians are so now here comes the
right-wing going after them Bannon says
we are going to find out who they are
referring to the donors we're going to
identify people who the cokes back ok no
but that's real man because look on the
left we're the only ones who would dare
go after the donors this is so much fun
and that wait a minute we are having fun
yeah ok because this is for the first
time I've ever seen the right-wing be
genuine because most of the time
ninety-eight percent of time whether
they're politicians or their pundits or
they're in the media or they all they do
is take donor money billions of
billionaire money and do whatever they
tell them to do they're all puppets but
this is not what a puppet does I'm being
fair credit where credit is due and and
you know the right ways way more vicious
so excited so when we target the donors
we're the only ones right on the Left
everybody else on the Left zagoon not
the donors not the donors our beloved
donors the so-called progressive groups
in Washington are totally in bed with
the donors so but they're never gonna
touch them but if the right wing turns
on their own donors oh those donors are
about to get kebabs okay so now that's a
civil war that makes a difference so
what I can't stand this one MSNBC does
this and and even their primetime shows
which I like from time to time god when
they do this it drives me crazy when
they're like oh do you know that the
freedom caucus is pushing John Boehner
or Paul Ryan and they're having a fight
within the Republican Party haha no you
Schmucks that's pushing Overton Window
to the right it doesn't hurt them it
allows Paul Ryan to go oh what could I
do
the house freedom
carcus twisted my arm and I just had to
give the rich more tax cuts that's a
shell game you know celebrate that this
is a real war where Koch brothers versus
the right-wing in the form abandoning
Trump unless Trump flip-flops which
could always happen okay and Bannon is
not fully back in the fold if he does
not flip-flop and they actually go to
war and the right wing starts exposing
right wing donors then the battle is
joined as atrocious as they are if you
remember Republican voters actually hate
the corruption and the Democratic voters
hate the corruption we're trying to
fight against the establishment on both
sides I've never seen right-wingers be
genuine except take back our Republican
a couple other groups that are really
really conservative and I disagree with
them on everything else but there are a
couple of people who are genuine and
actually getting trying to get free and
fair elections but if they are joined by
this big fashion of the right-wing that
actually fights against the donors game
on yeah game on and also we hopefully at
some point will get back to a place
where we are legitimately debating ideas
that would be amazing
because look I I love the idea of
debating ideas but right now we're in
his corrupt system where nothing is
genuine we can't even agree on the facts
because everything is corrupted by the
money look I want to leave this story
with San sam nunn Berg's tweet because I
think that it kind of summarizes this
whole story perfectly graphic 24 he says
quote the Koch brothers better check
themselves before they wreck themselves
wow so numbers off the sauce and back on
Trump okay I just thought that was a
nice word they used nice use of the word
cuck
and also check yourself yes well it
sounds like a cooked Astra fees on its
way but one that might actually help the
American people last thing for me is
look the fake progressives the
establishment Democrats will look at
this story and our coverage of it and
they will say how dare you how dare you
agree with Steve Bannon on anything or
Donald Trump on anything you're supposed
to oppose them no matter what we live in
the black and
my world and the resistance means that I
mean unless they're helping the rich
then we agree but other than that right
and there are donors to that's fine we
agree with that but other than that
you're supposed to blanket and disagree
with them no it depends and so in this
case if they are genuine and that's a
giant if and Bannon and and Trump go
after some of the donors Trump won't go
after all the donors because they're his
donors but if Bannon is legitimate and
there's a real right-wing faction
fighting against the donor class that is
a excellent turn of events all right we
got to take another break when we come
back some foreign policy news for you
including what North Korea has been up
to you're right in the middle of this
podcast we got another great segment
coming up for you if you'd like to full
show which is actually five segments go
to tea white tea network.com slash join
you become a member you support the show
you support independent media and you
get the whole to our show ad free every
day let's go do it now all right back on
The Young Turks Jenkin Ana with you
Danielle L writes it on Twitter ap has a
headline study medicare-for-all
projected to cost thirty two point six
trillion they say it's from a quote
University based libertarian Policy
Center but you have to read past the
headline to get that or their numbers
wrong or just sloppy reporting god I'm
so glad you've tweeted this in okay so
that's exactly what's wrong with the
mainstream media and we are going to put
the TYT army on that immediately
tonight okay so let me tell you about TI
t army in the context to this what i
want you guys to do is to help us find
reporting that's wrong like this and
then go address it okay so I'm gonna
start doing Facebook lives to tell you
exactly what our projects are and then
you're also gonna get emails about the
waiting you get the emails is T
y-t-dot-com slash army okay so you join
up by going to tea y-t-dot-com slash
army now why because look at how
terrible that Associated Press does not
mean harm and we're gonna be polite
about it okay but look at how terrible
and misleading that headline is it tells
you that it cost thirty-two
six trillion what it doesn't tell you is
it saves 33 trillion yeah that's kind of
a giant thing to leave out that it
actually saves money yep it makes us
seem like we're adding 32 trillion
dollars of costs that don't already
exist that's look I want you to be
polite but that's terrible reporting
that is that and then to take your koch
brothers group yes it's based out of a
university but to frame it as university
based libertarian Policy Center without
telling you who's funding the study and
for what reason
terrible reporting look I want to be and
I don't I don't think that I'm wrong or
being conspiratorial when I say this but
the people who make it big in mainstream
media they're not like us right they're
not like us the hosts the anchors that
you see on CNN MSNBC all of the
mainstream there they have millions and
millions of dollars in contracts to do
what they do you think that Trevor Noah
is is immune from having the same issues
with taxation that wealthy people do
he's wealthy I'm sure he's a great guy
but at the end of the day he doesn't
want to be taxed more no no I hear you
but I you don't even have to go to bat
intent they are in groupthink everyone
they know doesn't know and think hey
well doesn't health care cost money
right now are we really adding 30 to
know in Washington in New York everybody
goes oh my god goddamn Bernie Sanders
he's gonna have thirty two trillion
dollars he's gonna increase my taxes
yeah right yeah so and it's not
necessarily because they're bad people
it's the goddamn groupthink that's why I
want you guys to break through that
group thing I want The Associated Press
to issue a correction sorry wrong title
should have said it saves two trillion
dollars and in this day and age the
headline matters just as much if not
more than the body of the article and
read the they just read the headline and
they make their decisions based on that
alone and I'll read this story I'm
getting this from a tweet obviously but
look but that is what I want you guys to
do because we can't do everything here
and not you
we're not the Young Turks you're the
Young Turks right so I join the army and
be part of
guys who find the bad articles and then
because you guys can be the research
team and then you could be the action
team etc together we can make a
difference so already there's been
projects about the New York Times CNN
etc we can do this one too okay so let
me keep going though there's too many
things here I just gotta say I'll just
do two from YouTube super chat moon Sun
for life says greetings from a proud TYT
insider from Canada you guys are awesome
keep up the great work
thank you appreciate it asking us okay
to support us from Canada yes yes
you can't support politicians but you
can support TYT from anywhere okay home
were progressives you like what we're
doing you gotta be part of the team here
because we can't do it without you guys
t y-t-dot-com slash join to become a
member
last one Kellen Whittaker racin just
gave to ball and B dubs campaign and
ready to wrap the KS Oh three Kansas
third District together we will enlarge
the caucus okay so B dubs as a welder
Brant welders campaign that's TYT kansas
calm they're spending a ton of money to
go get them you can go and and help them
and I want to give you one last website
don't forget we're in Kansas were also
in Hawaii the establishment is trying to
destroy con yella Inge and almost all of
them the Democrats in that race are blue
dogs or lobbyists what is a lobbyist for
the private prison industry come on
so in that case we already raised enough
money what we want and you but if you
want to help more great but what we need
is volunteers to call if you make the
calls into the district you can win
that's so Cassio Cortes models so Alison
Hartson dot-com / now okay that's
Alice's team as she took their Co Co
Cortes she's now taking a con yellow egg
that's the the heart of the volunteers
Alison hearts and dot-com / now please
get involved all right what's next Anna
all right US intelligence has discovered
that North Korea is building new liquid
fuel powered intercontinental ballistic
missiles now the distinction
you know indicating that these are
liquid fuel powered is important because
if they are liquid fuel power that means
that the weapons need some lead time in
order to be deployed but it still
indicates that North Korea is continuing
on with developing weaponry that they
were supposed to stop developing under
you know this so-called agreement with
Trump now the satellite imagery gathered
by US intelligence agencies indicate
that North Korea is building this new
ballistic missile fact these new
ballistic missiles factory ballistic
missiles at a factory just outside its
capital and that's according to
reporting by The Washington Post North
Korea is also working on one and
possibly two liquid-fueled ICBMs at its
sanim dong facility on the outskirts
outskirts of Pyongyang so this is now
additional evidence indicating that they
are continuing on with their programs
and we haven't really heard much from
trump on this but we have heard a little
bit from the fine people at fox you know
the same people that were applauding
Trump and saying all these great things
about him after the summit remember
right after the summit Trump said quote
just landed this is on Twitter a long
trip but everybody can now feel much
safer than the day I took office there
is no longer a nuclear threat from North
Korea meeting with Kim jong-un was an
interesting and very positive experience
okay okay Kay I gotta say look we said
it at the time but now that we know that
they're developing missiles it takes on
even more to see only a very stupid
person would come out of the first talks
where you have nothing concrete in
writing and no agreements and no
factories taken down no missile sites
taken down and say there is no longer a
nuclear threat from North Korea yeah
because then you just took away all the
sentence for them to do continue on that
process because you already declared the
whole thing over I mean if you're on the
other side of that negotiation you got
to be thinking how did we get this lucky
this schmuck says and now it's his ass
on the line his political ass on the
line that it and and so he asked
us up if we continue to make nukes
because he already said that it was
already done right so it is such a
terrible negotiation strategy art of the
deal are you kidding me there's no
strategy yes he's so dumb so this is so
bad that even Fox News had to admit it
take a look at North Korea could be
working to build new missiles despite
its pledge to D nuclearized the
Washington Post reports US spy agencies
are seeing signs that the rogue regime
is working on up to two missiles capable
of hitting the United States this
satellite photo reportedly shows
production at a missile facility not
great
steep down - you wonder who at the fight
is he's talking to the Washington Post
so that was Dulce I love how do sees
only takeaway from that was Oh wondering
why these all just communities talking
to Washington Post really that's your
commentary on this story amazing yeah so
for all the I don't know if they're BOTS
or whatever they are cuz I tweet about
this earlier today right at jankura
goodluck spelling it and of course
people pour in they're like oh so you
just want war with North Korea alright
so for the billionth time of course we
don't want war in fact we support a
Donald Trump going to talk to Kim
jong-un without preconditions more than
any other show you know where the
mainstream is like well I don't know
he's celebrating and dictator we're like
screw it go talk to him who cares I
don't want preconditions
I want dialogue which leads to peace
that doesn't mean that I have to agree
that he had a great result right I wish
he had a great result I was rooting for
a great result because I don't want war
the North Korea is deeply unstable the
very very last thing I want is a war
with North Korea but you can't come out
of the negotiations they say when you
didn't do a goddamn thing that makes war
more likely not less likely because now
Fox News is even embarrassing you so now
god knows what the orange buffoon is
gonna do in in retaliation no that's why
you should be careful and
actually used diplomats who were smart
unlike your dumbass alright moving on to
other news Donald Trump indicated that
he would be in favor of having talks
with Iran with no conditions set ahead
of time
well Fox and Friends seems to be very
supportive of this even though they were
not supportive of Obama when he had said
the same thing back in 2008 now let's
hear from Fox and what they think about
having a conversation with Iran well I
believe in meeting I would certainly
meet with Iran if they wanted to meet I
don't know that they're ready yet to
have it a hard time right now
he said that Russia China North Korea
and Iran were the main threats to u.s.
security those four nations so let's
think all right Russia he's met with
Putin China he's met with Z on North
Korea he's met with JME jong-un and now
the last one is Iran what's he gonna do
with that keep in mind they there were
some fiery tweets last week just as
there were last year with little rocket
man yes I mean the big difference
between those four countries is Iran is
a regime run by radical Islamists I
think he's been successful meeting with
people you just you got to go in
clear-eyed with someone like the folks
in Iran there they are visceral and
cultural enemies they hate Israel they
want to wipe it off the map it's a whole
nother League are the Iranians have to
go in trust but if you want change
sitting down with them might be the way
to do it how how have Trump's talks with
other adversaries gone well right so oh
you know he met with Russia did that go
well did you think that went well
really oh we talked to Kim jong-eun did
that go well I mean there's now more
evidence indicating that they've
continued on with their nuclear weapons
development like what went well can you
give me an example of how those talks
went well yeah so before we go under
their hypocrisy I gotta make a couple of
notes on that clip to but you got to go
in tough really like you did it with
Putin come on even you don't think that
right and and Pete hagseth with but but
Iran is different Iran is different why
is it different he said they are
visceral and
true enemies what does that mean
cultural enemy what does that mean how
is anyone a cultural enemy what is the
definition of a cultural enemy and he
said unlike the others they're radical
Islamist wait a minute the North Koreans
are the most radical people on the
planet so what are you saying I know
what you're saying you're not worried
about the radical you're saying Islam
cultural enemy now remember we hate
Muslims so we have to treat them
differently even though North Korea is
running concentration camps no like Iran
that the mullahs running Iran is a
disaster I don't want them to run Iran I
want to run to be free country okay but
is Iran and better shaped in North Korea
it's not even close
Iran is in way better shape than North
Korea North Korea is a terror state I
mean they live in a state of terror they
also support terrorism across the world
it's the only reason you would think
that Iran is worse than North Korea is
if you're a bigot like Peet's hagseth
and say that they are a cultural enemy
no flat-out bigoted if if he said it
about Jews he'd be run out of town and
he should be he says it about Muslims
everyone was like oh it's no big deal
yeah of course well well of course we
hate Muslims it's just me but they're
different they're different really Pete
how are they different so as you can
tell they're in favor of Trump having
talks with Iran and by the way just to
clarify I would also be supportive of
Trump having a dialogue with Iran rather
than you know going to war with them or
you know it basically making the
situation worse than it already is
well Fox just historically has not been
in favor of American leaders American
politicians having open dialogue with
the Iranians so I'll give you an example
and this is video showing their take on
it since the 1980s mosey he'll talk to
the Mo's of Iran the new president of
Iran but if you want to jump in go ahead
no not really
when you hear the president when you
hear miss Pelosi talking is she talking
about the Iranians is she talking about
the Syrians is she talking about mr.
Putin no
they're talking about the Republican
president says he doesn't need to talk
to anybody
he'll talk to a ran in Syria and and
Vladimir Putin president says I'm gonna
negotiate with the murderous anti-semite
a group in Iran on a nuclear policy that
they've waged throughout his entire
presidency they're on the brink of
having a nuclear weapon in Iran and says
well he has sent out some nice Rosh
Hashanah tweets after a history of
anti-semitism the president's posture
has been not even a talk to you guys
he'll yes time for the mullahs oh and
Iran and now this man thrice John you
did the math right well their message is
clear the president and his fellow
Democrats will not meet with Republicans
to discuss and negotiate over the debt
limit but the president may take time to
meet with Iran's president which is a
country of course we haven't had
official relations with since the 80s no
but I don't know how to talk to the
right-wing anymore because they don't
use logic and they don't care about
facts so how do you convince them you
just saw the two videos they're obvious
hypocrites gigantic glaring hypocrites
when Obama or Democrats say let's talk
to Iran they say yeah it's time for the
mullahs would you talk to them know when
Trump says it genius you got to talk to
the beaut you're enemies I mean showing
all of is it are all of our enemies
that's what you got to do that's what
you got to do you got to go talk to the
mullahs yeah can you get any more
hypocritical than that on the other hand
we have been consistent all throughout
so should Trump should Obama talk to the
mullahs yes because you don't negotiate
with your friends you negotiate with
your enemies when Dick Cheney said that
he wouldn't even talk to the Iranians
about a peace deal I went ballistic I
what a monstrous stupid thing to do
because it's purposely meant to lead to
more war right Obama came in and said
yes I will talk to the Iranians great
when Trump says he's going to talk to
the Iranians great that's what we want
we want dialogue we want peace not war
the more you talk the more you do
diplomacy normally war is less likely I
mean Trump is a serial bungler
what he did in North Korea and Russia
has not been great but I would still
vote for dialogue over conflict yeah
look I agree with you on that I would
vote for dialogue over conflict any day
even if it's Trump engaging in that
dialogue but I also want to add that
giant caveat because that caveat is
important
look it's incredible how Fox can take
the exact same issue and use it to their
political advantage regardless of who
the politician is right we hate Obama so
if Obama wants to engage in these talks
we're going to rail against him
we love Trump so if Trump wants to
engage in these talks we're going to
support him and tell tell everyone that
they should be in favor of that right
but the thing is at least Obama wasn't
stupid right
so Obama is not true whether you agree
with his policies or not and I hear you
he was he was flawed just like any other
human you have to at least acknowledge
that he wasn't an idiot and he wasn't
easily manipulated by other world
leaders someone like Trump is so easily
manipulated and if he's not being
manipulated he's incredibly thin-skinned
and offended immediately it's something
nonsensical so yes we should have
diplomatic talks but I do you know I am
skeptical of what will come out of those
talks considering the person who would
engage in that so look I hear you Anna
and I'm not gonna change my position on
it I still I think it's a net positive
for him to go talk but the things I'm
concerned about is when he goes to talk
to North Korea there are other forces
within the US government and within the
Republican Party saying we don't really
want to go to war with North Korea
there's not any oil day there's a great
number of reasons why that's a mess and
we don't want that at some of them just
because some Republicans are not as
stupid as Trump and they realize that
millions of people would die and that's
terrible
right and there is a much money to be
made there in fact if you lose South
Korea it could have start a tailspin for
the world economy so when you go to
Russia
you don't have to worry about Trump a
non-normal war with Russia okay that's
not an issue when you go to China we
have so much trade with China military
is not an option at all when you when
Trump goes to Iran almost all of his
advisors will be like oh get him show
them how tough you are yeah push them
push
push him oh you got to push the
Ayatollah around and insult them and
spit on him and do whatever you do
because Bolton wants to go to war he's
not a national security adviser and a
lot of the establishment wants to go to
war the neo cons want to go to war and
so you're gonna send a guy who doesn't
know what he's doing
backed up by a lot of war mongers into
that kind of a situation I hear you that
it is precarious but still a little
better than not talking to them and just
going straight to conflict which is that
seems to be their plan a right now yeah
that's terrifying
all right let's take a break when we
come back what Trump thinks about
collusion is it legal is it illegal he
is a hot mess
he did it he did it it's so obvious when
we come back it'll be even more obvious
and I'll tell you an amazing
interactions I've had with people who
still still don't believe all right
we'll be right back thanks for watching
or listening to this free version of The
Young Turks podcast you know that the
full show is at TYT Network comm /join
if you become a member you get the full
show at free we love you for watching or
listening either way there's gonna be a
new free podcast tomorrow you can keep
on doing that but if you want to get the
full show ad free TYT Network comm slash
join
