this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm a compact organization
commissioned a study to try to prove
that a Medicare for All system here in
the United States a proposal that Bernie
Sanders has championed would be a
complete and utter disaster when it
comes to our economy and that it would
just simply cost too much the only
problem is the findings of the study
actually indicate that the United States
would save a lot more money if we had a
medicare-for-all system in fact we would
save about two trillion dollars over ten
years if we shifted from the current
system we have now to a Medicare for All
system so Bernie Sanders responded to
this and before I get into all the
numbers and the specifics of the study
this will give you an idea of how
complementary this is towards Bernie's
proposal take a look let me thank the
Koch brothers of all people for
sponsoring a study that shows that
Medicare for all would save the American
people two trillion dollars over a
10-year period a Medicare for all
healthcare system would save the average
family significant sums of money it will
do that by substantially reducing the
administrative costs now taking place as
a result of the billing bureaucracy and
insatiable greed within the insurance
industry here is the bottom line if
every major country on earth can
guarantee health care to all and achieve
better health care outcomes while
spending substantially less per capita
than we do please do not tell me that
the United States of America cannot do
the same so I want to give context here
every study that has looked at Medicare
for all has shown that it saves money
doesn't cost money so every time you see
both bad actors and good willing people
with good intent ask the question of but
is it practical understand that there
the question is completely wrong it's
like saying well you got a great stake
but it costs
is that practical yeah by definition
it's practical it cost less right it
makes no sense and look even Trevor no
on the daily show why cuz the groupthink
of New York and Washington is all
progressive programs are not pragmatic
or practical they cost more money when
in reality it's the tax cuts and the
wars that caused trillions of dollars so
now there's different ranges for how
much Medicare for all saves us for the
entirety of health care in the country
one study has it at 17 trillion dollars
ok now the most common one is the one
that's two trillion dollars the one that
Bernie referenced the one that that the
Koch brothers did they're like oh
Medicare for all that looks out for
average Americans and not billionaires
this cost so much money and they meant
to do debt great damage to their like do
you know how much you have to raise in
taxes it costs thirty two point six
trillion dollars and then they people
experts pointed out the current system
costs costs thirty three trillion
dollars this is over a decade both of
them are over a decade so you would
actually even under the koch study under
the worst case scenario we would still
save four hundred billion dollars like
oh at least four hundred billion that's
that's kind of uncomfortable yes that I
I think the two trillion number is the
one that that most of the studies are
landing on right so I think that's a
fair one to use but it ranges from four
hundred billion to seventeen trillion
the savings not the extra money what we
save for a better system that covers all
of us because look this is the thing I
think the two trillion dollar figure
underestimates the savings as well and
I'll get I'll give you the exact reason
why I think that so look at how health
care is handled in Cuba now I'm not
saying that Cuba's perfect
however Cuba doesn't have the resources
to effectively treat people who have
illnesses that have progressed right so
as a result Cuba has the best preventive
health care of any country I mean it's
incredible like doctors go door to door
and ensure that people are getting the
preventive health care necessary to
ensure that they don't get sick to the
point where they can't help them now
with that said
if you have a Medicare for All system
what are people likely gonna do they're
gonna go to the doctor for preventative
health care people don't go to the
doctor for preventative health care
because they got to deal with you know
the the copay they got to deal with
deductibles if you know the doctor
discovers that there's something wrong
with them and they need treatment for
something I mean people are afraid to go
to the doctor and get their annual
checkups in the country so if we had a
system where that fear ceases to exist I
think people are gonna go to the doctor
and make sure that they're getting the
health care they need so they don't get
so sick to the point where they're being
sent to emergency rooms and things like
that so now I know the right way so you
guys wanted to be like you but no I know
the whole point is that even in a
country where so many things have gone
wrong that is really really poor and
then as in otherwise disaster is shaped
like Cuba their even their health care
is better than our health care I mean
that is mind-blowing because almost
everyone's health care is better than
our health care and for what and you
think well chanc Ana you guys can't be
right how could we save money and it
covers everyone and it's better health
care and it gets better results all
across the world there's something's not
adding up here so what's the catch well
the catch is our system is more corrupt
than other systems we allow for
legalized bribery of our politicians so
what do all the health care companies do
most of all insurance companies because
they would literally go out of business
so they spend tens of millions overall
up to billions of dollars when you
combine the whole health care industry
to just literally bribing politicians
now it's legal in this country and I
know if you don't live in America that
seems amazing no you can't just give
money to politicians yes in our country
you could just give millions of dollars
to politicians and that's not called a
bribe
that's called a campaign contribution or
an independent expenditure so they bribe
all of our politicians to maintain their
profit at our expense sometimes at the
expense of our lives yes and that
includes pharmaceutical drugs that cost
way more here in the United States
compared to other countries like Canada
and also look and people get on me when
I mention this but it's the truth
it's happening it's happening left to
right we all know it right the system
that we currently have also leaves a lot
of room for abuse so
to give you an example you know a family
member got an MRI and then we got billed
because we didn't realize that this
doctor wasn't in network for $12,000
$12,000 for an MRI come on come on total
nonsense it's highway robbery look I'll
give you the last example here and in
this Medicare for all debate is settled
if you actually care about policy you
care about at the average American there
is now no debate left it costs less
it covers everyone you know the fifteen
point five percent of the country is
totally uncovered if they get sick
they're screwed they either die or they
go bankrupt or both they die and their
family goes bankrupt it's it's madness
it's the terrordome we live in okay
now in in terms of the example I was
gonna give you the drug companies which
are the number one donor support issues
in America even more than the oil
companies more than the banks so that
they drive more corruption than
everything else they made Bush Obama and
trunk all them all I'm not going to do
it I'm not gonna do it I'm not gonna let
them get away with it Obama even did an
ad about it sort of Donald Trump they
get into office they're like oh right
you guys bribe me more than anyone else
did does so just kidding so what's the
law that they all agree to the United
States government cannot negotiate drug
prices with drug companies this is
supposed to be capitalism if you're a
conservative you should be disgusted by
that and you're so disgusting you voted
for Trump because he said he was gonna
get rid of it and guess what
he didn't cuz just like everyone else
he's totally corrupt and he he said oh
the drug companies give money to
Republicans then forget it let him rob
us blind we're not even allowed to
negotiate he charges whatever the hell
you like that's why Americans pay so
much more for their drugs than any other
country because they bribed our
politicians the corruption is
record-breaking
and the corruption that will actually
have decent policy in the country and
Medicare for all is a no-brainer and by
the way it also polls over 60% so this
is look my anger is bipartisan
the Republicans are 99.8% corrupt at the
federal level
none of
serve you if you're under that delusion
you're just you're just not accurate
it's just not true they take down there
the party built on donor money okay now
why is bipartisan yes maybe 20 percent
of Democrats are not hooked on the donor
money that sounds like a high number
okay now it's growing because of Justice
Democrats and Bernie Sanders etc now
people are saying they're not gonna take
corporate bank money so at least there's
a little base within the Democratic
Party that is not corrupt so thank God
finally after all these years but
overall look at Obama he did the same
goddamn thing they even killed a public
option they did the Heritage Foundation
plan and put a pretty face on it and
said voila we fixed your health care no
you didn't know you didn't and then and
the Democrats play along with the same
exact donors and and neat and they've
also agreed to this system where we all
get crushed I'm sick of it
and by the way the Democratic Party
fights to keep money in politics harder
than the Republican Party does I know
that because I founded Wolf Pack at the
state level no one fights harder for the
corruption than the Democratic Party
does Nancy Pelosi so-called progressive
groups like common cause and all those
Washington groups they're like do not do
change go through a convention that
would actually bring change that might
give us amendments no we maintained a
corrupt system that's what the
Democratic establishment is that's what
the Republican establishment is so
politically we have to get we have to
steamroll them we have to do whatever we
can to crush them and move on
politically we fight legally we fight
politically we fight constitutionally
and we're gonna win if we you know why
because our literally it's a matter of
life and death we know what the right
policy is but and the last thing
Democrats you go Medicare for all it's a
no-brainer and it's supposed to be a
progressive position the overwhelming
majority of Democrats are still like oh
that's impractical that's a Republican
talking point why are you saying
it's because you're corrupt you take
donor money anyone who's not for
Medicare for all who's a Democrat
flat-out corrupt period period so just
it's just so you know Republicans at
least they're honest they go I mean
relatively speaking they go we're for
the rich we're gonna do another round of
tax cuts for the rich and only for the
rich it's capital gains cuts for the the
big drug companies of course we're in
their pocket where the corrupt come
party the Democrats lied to you the
establishment Democrats say no no I'm on
your side right Oh better care for all
no I'm gonna help the Republicans crush
that and I'm gonna use the same tongue
boy Dianne Feinstein going around saying
it's a complete takeover of health care
no it's not to take over health care
insurance not the whole industry not
doctors not hospitals why are you saying
that you know why a week later she went
to a fundraiser thrown by that house
insurance companies because she's
fundamentally corrupt systemically
corrupt and the corruption wolf dash
pack.com or get involved in any way you
can because we got to end this two easy
ways for the Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
