this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm a Florida woman alleges
that medics refused to take her daughter
to the hospital because the service
would cost too much money and
unfortunately her daughter lost her life
now the woman who is making these
allegations is Nicole black and there
has been some investigation into this
already and it seems that there is some
wrongdoing by these medics and I'll give
you the details on that but first let me
give you the whole story
so Nicole black alleges that her
granddaughter gave her a call and said
that she was worried about her mom her
mom had become very sick her mom happens
to be Black's daughter so she lives
nearby she runs over to her daughter's
home and finds that her daughter is
extremely sick she's you know uh you
know bend it over toward a toilet her
lips are swollen so she immediately
calls 911 she lived a couple doors down
she immediately ran down to her
daughter's there she found Krystal
Galloway that's the name of her
daughter's slumped over the bathroom
with her lips swollen drooling from the
mouth black said that her daughter was
only kind of alert and had passed out
she had recently given birth to a baby
boy and had a c-section and so the you
know mother thought maybe these are
complications from the c-section gotta
call the cops
well the dispatcher actually quoted the
incident as a stroke there were a lot of
mistakes made and the question is were
these mistakes were things done
intentionally and you know we're gonna
give you all the facts you guys can
decide and again this investigation is
ongoing now the fire rescue units
arrived 12 minutes after being
dispatched rather than put her in the
ambulance they put her in blacks car
they put her in her mother's car and the
mother drove off the crew said it went
back into service immediately so the
whole conversation according to Nicole
black as the EMS drivers put my child in
my car was this was what was best
because we couldn't afford an ambulance
that's what she says the people who
arrived told her yeah hey don't worry
just take her in your car you won't be
able to afford the ambulance cuz it's
600 bucks 600 bucks now the story gets
worse CNN spoke to black and here's what
she said about the whole ordeal they
didn't take any vitals they didn't take
any blood pressure they didn't check our
temperature the whole conversation as
the EMS drivers put my child in my car
was this was what was best for us
because we couldn't afford an ambulance
this is a woman's mom that you're
hearing from Nicole block she said she
called 9-1-1 for her daughter and that's
the picture that you see here her
daughter just recently given birth via
c-section
well Galloway was hospitalized but fell
into a coma and eventually passed away
so it is that was first reading this
story and CNN broke it originally and it
didn't say in the headline that she had
died Ora had gone into her coma when I
saw she went into a coma it was like a
gut punch in the middle of the story and
then it said she died and I'm like oh no
she died because at first I thought it
was an outrageous story of making
assumptions about this poor person and
not getting them to the hospital in time
but it turns out they had a helicopter
or out because as soon as they got her
to the hospital and actually took her
vitals so like oh my god you're in a lot
of trouble we got to get you out of here
and get you to a place I can treat you
she goes into the coma and and days
later dies so look who's right who's
wrong cuz the medics say oh no no they
wanted to go in the car and we were
trying to help them instead they claimed
let me be specific because they had to
help this woman down flights of stairs
to get her into her mother's vehicle
right into her car and so they're
alleging no no we were we didn't take
the vitals inside the home because the
home was too small and too dark for us
to do that and then they claimed that
they tried to do it outside but couldn't
because Nicole black the mother rushed
off to the hospital no but you guys
helped the woman into the car yeah no no
there's a lot
in their story that doesn't add up first
of all you take the vitals right away
there's no such thing as a house too
dark yeah too small to take vitals
that's not a thing I mean if you take
vitals anywhere that's a preposterous
thing to say what if someone I'd pass
out in a closet I mean hopefully you can
move them out but otherwise your date to
buy those because you got to go you got
to figure out what's wrong with them
right this it's that sounds incredibly
made-up and then the idea that you call
it they may they said it was a cancelled
call that's how they reported it later
what was not a cancelled call so what's
going on why are you saying things that
aren't true and then Hillsborough County
Administrator Mike Merrill did a press
conference and he is very skeptical
about the EMS version of the story but
look even if you're in that camp of know
I think for whatever reason the family's
lying and even though their story seems
to mash up a lot better I don't know why
you're in that camp but okay
even if you're in that camp look at the
society we live in where whether it's
the EMS or it's the patient's themselves
a woman was stuck under a train the
other day and didn't want anybody to
call an ambulance because she was afraid
she as she was gonna pay too much look
at how brutal the system as' that
everybody's worried about how you can't
pay you can't pay I should let you die
or you figure out if you want to die or
take a ten percent chance of dying or
twenty five percent chance of dying
these are the calculations we make while
we're either about to go on a coma or
stuck under a train because we have a
brutal system the rest of the developed
world has universal health care so that
if you're passed out or under a train
people come to help you because it's
they're actually humane and decent
Society by the way they also paid less
for their health care that we do they do
and I want to note one other things so
the victim in this story had just given
birth she had a c-section and there's a
pretty big chance that there were
complications from that c-section which
is why she got so sick the mortality
rate when giving birth is incredibly
high in the United States in fact it's
the highest in the United States
compared to any other developed country
in fact more than 50,000 women suffer
from severe maternal
bida tea and from childbirth each year
and 700 to 900 women die each year while
giving birth that is the highest number
of all developed countries so look this
story is outrageous because for God's
sake helper don't make assumptions about
her financial situation by the way they
had insurance they were fine get her to
the hospital okay but the part two is
the outrage at large in the whole
country so the right wing keeps saying
we're number one number one at what not
in health care we're literally number
thirty-seven not education we pay twice
as much as countries like Canada and
Japan we have worse results we we
literally lead shorter lives we are the
worst material of a death rate during
births of any development nation as Anna
just told you well so where's the number
one part and on top of all that we are
in a constant terror dome of are we
gonna get sick are we gonna be able to
afford it if we get sick if we get into
an accident do can I afford it or should
I just take a chance to die instead
that's insanity and all this for what
because we want to pay less no we pay
more we pay more it makes no sense at
all so who makes all the money
the middlemen and they're not government
bureaucrats the right wing is like to
you your whole life and unfortunately a
lot of the media aids and abets them no
it is the corporate bureaucrats
it's the middlemen of health care
insurance and all the marketing costs
they have etc that is totally
unnecessary they double the cost put it
in their pocket and you're stuck under a
train wondering if you're gonna live or
not two easy ways to follow Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
