you're about to watch what we call an
extended clip or The Young Turks and the
realities is somewhere in the middle
it's a little longer than our YouTube
clips but it's actually shorter than the
whole two-hour show which you can get if
you're a member you can get an ad-free
and make sure you catch every news story
we do that day you're gonna love it as a
full show
that's a TYT Network comm slash join
all right well that Liang Turks it's
Monday we've got an excellent show
planned for you guys an experience here
for the first hour lots of fantastic
stories Brooks gonna join me in the
second hour we got amazing stories there
as well including Rudy Giuliani talking
about coming the exclusion really a
crime what are you doing where do you
after after thousands of we never
colluded now it's like well I mean maybe
we did but is it really a crime well it
fish as things from the head down
there's no way that Trump did not direct
him to say that because he is that
profoundly stupid all right anyway I do
also want to tease one other surf in the
second hour which and I don't know
broken I'll disagree in parts about it I
don't know excited and talk to her about
it yet didn't law to be interesting it's
gonna be a ride this whole show Jake
Tapper goes after bra Barack Obama did
he do the right thing or not the right
thing never is thing okay I have some
fairly strong opinions on that okay hey
I got a great idea on how you get the
whole show by the way TYT calm slice
join become a member
get all the show all not all of this
show all the network shows and you
support home progressives have I said
anything I don't think I upset anything
all right
no a breaking news yes we do all right
the Trump administration is considering
unilaterally passed additional tax cuts
for wealthy and when I say that they're
thinking about doing this unilaterally I
mean it
they are considering completely
bypassing Congress to make this happen
now they're specifically targeting
capital gains tax which
disproportionately benefits the
wealthiest people in the country and
here's how they would plan on doing it
now this all started at the g20 summit
in Argentina
Steve minuchin the Treasury secretary
said that his department was studying
whether it could use its regulatory
power to allow Americans to account for
inflation in determining capital gains
tax liabilities the Treasury Department
could change the definition of
cost for calculating capital gains
allowing track taxpayers to adjust the
initial value of an asset such as a home
or a share of stock for inflation when
it sells so let me explain what they
mean in an easy way to explain it or
understand it so when you buy a house
let's say in the 1970s and just for the
sake of keeping this argument simple the
house costs $100 but then fast-forward
to 2018 the house adjusted for inflation
that hundred dollars is really about
three hundred dollars right because
inflation makes the the price of
products go up so let's say when you
sell that house you sell it for five
hundred dollars right and so you right
now as the way the tax law is written
you would get taxed on the four hundred
dollars that you've made but based on
what the Trump administration wants to
do they would actually take inflation
into account as if you paid three
hundred dollars for that house number
one you didn't pay 300 dollars for that
house you paid a hundred dollars so
number two this helps almost only the
rich I'll explain the numbers in a
second
but it also does not take into account
and if you're sitting there go well I
mean look maybe they should take
inflation account too quoting bit quote
be fair wait a minute you know the
capital gains tax is only 20% now why is
that if you're at the highest bracket
you could pay up to 39% in tax so and a
lot of middle-class Americans pay more
than 20% capital gains almost only
affects the wealthy so one of the
wealthy only get to pay 20% taxes when
you have to pay more sometimes if you're
middle class upper middle class whatever
it might be right depending on your
brackets well that's because it's
fundamentally unfair because the laws
are written by the rich for the rich
because the donors give money to
politicians for those things so on top
of it being unfair tilted towards the
rich already they're like wait I think
we can do better for the rich let's on
top of that also now account for
inflation on this by the way there's a
lot of other things that they get
account for inflation on that would help
the middle class but whenever you go to
do that
it's not practical we can't afford that
out the entitlements no inflation you
can't take inflationary count when it
comes to average Americans you could
only take it into your account when it
comes to their really really rich so
does it really only affect the rich yeah
here are your three amazing numbers
ninety-seven percent of the benefit of
this goes to the top 10% ninety-seven
percent of the benefit okay then for the
top 1% they get 86 percent of the
benefit so that you know between 10 and
1 it is a little Xiao Chao part of the
pie but mainly it's for the top 1% but
it gets even better actually over
two-thirds of the benefits of this
proposal goes to the top point one
percent so this is literally for
millionaires and billionaires and so
they're gonna get almost all of it so
they cannot make the claim that this is
from the middle class no way no
conceivable argument but when I found
fascinating about all of this is at this
point the Trump administration and
Republicans in general are very well
aware that the first round of tax cuts
for the rich was not a popular thing to
do right that's the reason why you're
seeing Republicans throughout the
country abandoning messaging on tax cuts
in their campaigns because they realize
that it's not polling well and people
are rejecting it I mean Americans aren't
stupid they get their tax they get their
paychecks they see how much they've
saved in taxes I mean Paul Ryan was
bragging about how this one teacher
saved a dollar and fifty cents a week in
her taxes I mean that's how incredibly
tone-deaf and out of touch they are he
had to delete them all he didn't have to
but he deleted that tweet later because
of the backlash that he received but
when it comes to the wealthiest
Americans that's where you see the the
large numbers that they're saving in
taxes you know it's gonna cost the
country over three trillion dollars in
ten years it's gonna destroy our economy
and they're like no we don't care if
it's unpopular we want to do more and we
want to do more unilaterally without
Congress getting involved at all so
that's the overall tax package right in
the trillions of dollars and
disappointed this
for dealer proposal itself just this
small one here would cost the US
government 102 billion dollars over the
next decade now whenever anybody
proposed to something like college for
all which gives your kid the ability to
live out the American dream it actually
cost less than this and they go oh it's
not practical it's how can you give that
to the average American
he hasn't donated to my campaign at all
that's not practical but 102 billion
dollars what was something ready to give
it to the rich right away so you got a
dollar fifty maybe some of you in your
paycheck the rich are getting a hundred
and two billion dollars let alone the
700 billion dollars in stock and hire
bags let alone the trillions of dollars
in tax cuts overall the overwhelming
majority of which went to the rich again
and again again so why why are they
doing this
two very important answers and then and
then I want to get to how there's two
talking points that Republicans use that
are now banned they will never ever be
allowed to use them and I hope that we
can use the TYT army to push that
forward so why are they doing it now one
the tariffs are hurting the stock market
and the only metric that Donald Trump
and the wealthy care about is the stock
market because that's where most of
their money is it's especially for the
wealthy donors but Trump looks at it as
a scoring card like a ratings it and
when he was on TV so as the taps are
hurting the market he's like oh I know a
good way to artificially juice the
market I'll give more to the rich again
and then that will increase the stock
prices it might briefly by the way I
think that it could have an ironic
disadvantage here as people go oh I can
sell now and I pay even less taxes and
there might be a bit of a sell-off
okay so unintended consequences for
Trump oh that's not surprising but part
of the reason he does that is is to run
up the score in a sense before the
midterm elections he thinks in his mind
even though I don't think it'll help at
all but the second reason is more
important grover norquist there who's
pushing for this at the Americans for
Tax Reform and all the lobbyists for the
wealthy that are pushing for this which
is almost all of them they get have a
sense this might be their last bite at
the Apple
because the Democrats it looks like
according to the polling are going to
crush the Republicans in the midterm
elections and if that happens ain't
gonna be no more tax cuts for the top
point one percent at least not until the
Democrats get back in charge and
everybody's calmed down and then that
would go back to cutting taxes for the
rich if the corporate Democrats win but
it doesn't look like that they're in any
appetite to do that with Trump in office
and the Republican president plus now
you've got real progressives winning
like Alexandria Kasich Cortes etc so the
grover norquist's and the lobbyists and
the donors of the world are like no no
Rob everything in the store don't leave
anything on the shelves we got to go
this is our last chance take everything
out so that's what this is brazen brazen
97% go to the rich I don't care take it
take everything they've got because
we're about to get thrown out of office
okay that's that's what they're thinking
that's why they're pushing this right
now I mean it's gonna be a disaster for
them in the midterm elections and giant
extra tax cut for the rich when Anna
pointed out the polling that already
there earlier tax cuts for the richest
polling terribly so actually the
Republicans in Congress they love it but
they have to say they don't like it
because it helps their donors and then
they get to say oh I didn't vote for it
oh but the president did it what could I
do
golly gee I guess what it's got
everything again but don't blame me
don't blame me it doesn't matter they're
gonna lose anyway so there's one last
robbery is what this is so the two
talking points that Republicans are not
allowed to say anymore we care about
deficits no no we're done with that
that is no funniest talking point
because so on no filter last week I did
a special on what's going on with
deficits and right-wingers
overwhelmingly commented on that video
and what they said over and over again
deficits don't really matter that much I
mean deficits are totally normal and
it's okay for really is that what you
said when there were deficits under
Obama which by the way we criticized
Obama's economy quite a bit but he
actually did manage to close the deficit
a little bit right he did no no no look
he was a good
to the economy I don't think he was a
great leader that's a different kind of
conversation but though all those guys
that stopped that cried non-stop during
the Obama years and the Clinton years
all deficit deficit what you hitted
Obama giant deficit that was under
george w bush reagan created a giant
deficit and Trump is now created a giant
deficit now look the most important
thing part of that is Republicans say
anything they want
okay we need to use a TYT army and
everything else to get the message out
to the media it is not acceptable to
repeat Republican talking points that
are not rooted in reality at all so any
reporter who writes that the Republicans
care about deficits you should you
should go after obviously constructively
politically through dialogue but you
should go after 100 percent because
they're being biased in favor of
Republicans and they have a conservative
bias second talking point that is not
allowed because it is just not factual
is that the Republicans care about
overusing of executive power the Bush
administration decided they considered
this tax cut as well and they decided no
it would be illegal to do this through
executive power okay that was a bush
Treasury Department illegal to do it
right and now Trump said yeah well legal
I mean how many laws can I break today
anyway but what I booked for put that
aside whether illegal or not he said I'm
gonna use unprecedented executive power
so no more crying about executive power
so when Bernie Sanders is president get
out the way yo get out the way cuz you
just see in your argument on executive
power completely because you broke the
record on abusing executive power thank
you we appreciate it we'll see you in
2020 well what are the wealthy doing
with their tax cuts with the savings
that they've been handed by the Trump
administration we have some new numbers
on that and this is analysis by Politico
so a political review of what the
wealthiest earners and what executives
are doing with their Trump era tax cuts
reveal
record stock buybacks but more
importantly some behavior around these
stock buyback programs and when the
executives actually cash out and sell
their stocks so let's give you the
details the review of data disclosed in
Securities and Exchange Commission
filings shows the executives who often
receive most of their compensation in
stock have been profiting handsomely by
selling shares since Trump slash
corporate tax rates to 21 percent that
trend is likely to increase as Wall
Street's analysts expect buyback
activity to accelerate in the coming
weeks so there's gonna be more buyback
activity and you know we've talked about
it quite a bit on the show but
essentially what happens is these
executives and these corporations will
just buy shares of their stocks rather
than investing in their workers rather
than increasing wages the whole point of
these tax cuts according to the Trump
administration was to create jobs and
increase wages wages have remained
stagnant and we've seen these stock
backs at record numbers following the
tax cuts roughly eight percent of
companies in the SMP 500 mentioned plans
to return some of their tax savings to
shareholders public companies announced
more than six hundred billion dollars in
buybacks in the first half of this year
already toppling the the previous annual
record so we have some specific examples
for you and it's unsurprising but it's
also infuriating so oracle CEO Safra
Catz has sold 250 million dollars worth
of shares in her company product
development head thomas Kurian sold 85
million the shit the sales come after
the company announced a 12 billion
dollar share repurchase I'm gonna remind
you guys with Anna said earlier in the
program Paul Ryan said well you got a
dollar 50 in your paycheck the average
worker he was bragging about a teacher
who saved a dollar and 50 cents per week
in taxes that's CEO on the other hand
saved 250 million dollars isn't that
interesting now look that's actually not
the money she saved from the tax cuts
overall they took the tax cut money did
these buybacks that allowed her to sell
that amount she actually has more than
that
she has a lot more than that that's just
that mouth she sold after the buybacks
so maybe I'm not understanding this
correctly so please correct me if I'm
wrong but my understanding is these
corporations get the tax cuts they
immediately announced these stock
buyback programs right like we're gonna
buy a bunch of our stocks artificially
inflate the value and then immediately
after doing that the executives sell
their stocks right because that's gonna
artificially inflate the price and then
they make even more money from the Trump
euro tax cuts yeah
that's only a hundred percent right and
there's actually an excellent example of
that so so some of the CEOs like the CEO
of MasterCard who cash at forty four
point four million dollars in stock say
no no I cash out every May okay true
fair enough but number one you know
you're gonna cash out every May so
that's why you send your lobbyist to say
do the tax cut so I can do buybacks
before make because I know every year in
May I cash out you've left that part out
okay a second of a lot of them do not do
it yearly have done it right after the
buyback program why because once you buy
back to stock the price goes goes up by
definition because you've changed the
supply and demand equation did your
company do anything better to deserve a
higher stock price no
so that is why by definition it is
artificially inflated and that is the
perfect time to sell and if you're an
insider of course you're aware of that
phenomenon you understand that concept
so you're like oh sell sell sell sell
sell so so a great example from Politico
again at v-- there are a pharmaceutical
company first of all when number one is
they brought their because of these tax
cuts their effective tax rate down to
nine percent now remember what the
original idea was now we never believed
it we told you not to believe it and we
were right again they said oh we're
gonna take the corporate tax rate down
from 35 to 21 but we're gonna get rid of
the loopholes and we told you no they're
not and they didn't get rid of any
loopholes so it's not twenty one percent
for companies like happy summer
all the way down at zero effective tax
rate they kept loopholes in so they take
advantage of the loopholes now their tax
rates nine percent is your tax rate nine
percent I bet you that a great majority
of you have tax rates way higher than
nine percent but these giant companies
making all this money nine percent okay
then you go to what does that do
well they hear you got the tax cuts and
your tax rates down to nine etc so the
stock price goes up and you do your
buybacks right so your stock price goes
up to 120 in their case okay that's
where it peaked at that point on
February 15th the company announced a
ten billion dollar stock buyback plan
and as increases their their price
February 20th to March first so
immediately after that eight different
executives sold a total of twenty six
point eight million dollars in stocks
now afterwards guess what happened
their stock dipped all the way back to
ninety dollars and fifty six cents by
July 27 so hey we sold it 120 right
after we artificially inflated it we got
twenty seven million dollars between the
eight of us how do we increase wages
don't be ridiculous
that's for the masses our employees know
they got their 27 million dollars they
took it home now their stock price is
back down at ninety it's crazy it's
crazy and what it does to the economy in
the long run I mean think about you know
the whole picture the fact that we're
losing over three trillion dollars in
revenue over the next decade because of
these tax cuts the tax cuts have not led
to an increase in wages wages remain
stagnant we're running up the deficit
we're running up the debt you know you
have this ridiculous happening because
Donald Trump doesn't understand anything
about economics I mean he's gone
bankrupt six times himself like why
would anyone think he'd make smart
decisions on a national level when it
comes to our economy and now you have
this situation where you have executives
essentially toying with the stock market
you know last weekend Trump did this
victory lap regarding the GDP and how it
increased by four
point one percent in the last quarter
right you know why it increased four
point one percent two factors first of
all countries that we export our
soybeans to we're like alright alright
come on let lets let's make these traits
happen before the tariffs go into effect
so that was one of the main factors the
other factor was consumer spending which
sounds really good while consumer
spending them that must mean that people
have some disposable income but that is
not the case Americans took out more
loans went into more debts to buy
products that's what's really going on I
mean the economy looks so great on the
surface but under the surface it is a
complete and utter disaster so let me
give you some of the stats that back
that up real quick and and look I'm I
don't often give credit to Politico but
a really good smart article based on the
facts here Morgan Stanley another
organization I don't normally give
credit to say what do they mainly use
the tax cuts for for stock buybacks
period period of course so they imploded
to attract that 44% of the companies
said that they were going to actually
give it to to reinvest in their
companies so that would create more jobs
higher wages etc and they look to see if
they in fact did do that and they said
no they did not and did wages grow wage
growth as they explained is sitting at a
lackluster 2.7 percent have you think
hey well at least sorry my wages went up
2.7 percent no they didn't the consumer
prices went up by 2.9 percent just in
June alone so when you factor in
inflation your wages have gone down
while they cashed in billions of dollars
this was never intended for you it was
always intended for and to give Trump
credit here he might not be the
brightest bulb but he knows what his
donors want he knows what he wants
since he's wealthy he knows what
everybody he knows that'll eat the
establishment want which is give me more
at the expense of the average American
so that's what he delivered for them
last one there's trim tabs investment
research ok these are all neutral
sources right
they're just looking in tracking
investments their conclusion was
corporate America's actions suggest that
most of the benefits of the corporate
tax cut will flow to investors in
general and top corporate executives in
particular mm-hmm and guess who
authorized all of the lobbyist money and
the donor money going to Republican
politicians right corporate executives
it's funny how that money came right
back around to them in droves and we
didn't see any of it yeah I mean I
thought that money has no impact right
conservatives argue that no money in
politics it's not a problem at all I'm
sorry the corporate executives were just
talking to the politicians and in return
they got billions of dollars back in
talk oh no right they got paid in cash
and I just want to remind everyone of
the main reason why this is so
problematic look I I don't begrudge
anyone who's wealthy I awesome you
succeeded right but the issue is the
middle class and the working class
oftentimes pays more in you know
percentage-wise
of their income toward taxes while the
wealthiest people do not you know you
have years where the top corporations in
the country literally pay nothing in
federal taxes right sometimes they get a
tax rebate which was the case that with
Bank of America Verizon you get the
picture and this all comes at a cost and
the cost is oh we don't have any revenue
why don't we go ahead and cut
entitlements
so basically programs government
programs that the American people have
paid into Social Security Medicare look
at your paycheck you'll see exactly how
much the federal government taxes you on
that they're gonna cut that just so they
can give additional tax breaks to these
people in fact they brag about a Paul
Ryan etc say oh we got a cut right now
we got a cut for the average American
they're unbelievable no but mainstream
media keeps saying neutral you never
know what happens you know okay a little
bit of this and a little bit of that I
can't really tell but to be fair again
Politico of all places doing a really
great article on the facts here okay we
gotta take a break okay
they said that
that the tariffs would not really
increase your prices we've got news on
that and it's Trump going to shut down
the government look never take my
financial advice because it's even if
I'm right it's always about the timing
but as I look at all these stories today
on the markets tick tick tick tick tick
tick tick tick we'll see all right we'll
be right back
all right back on our young turks Wesley
Miller writes in on YouTube super chat
thank you for using that and that helps
the show he says always the same story
Republicans making it mess with the
budget and civil rights and us stems
have to come in and fix it
that is actually Wesley part of the
battle plan it was written a memo
written back in the Nixon era where they
said we should run up the deficits when
we're in charge because it helps the
economy and then it'll have the second
advantage of having high deficit when a
Democrat gets in charge and then we will
blame them for it and make sure they do
not help the economy which will then
help us get back into office happens
over and over and over but the people
that are the most guilty about that is
the mainstream media because they aid
and abet that propaganda they reinforce
Republican framing all the time
re brenda corns right said on youtube
super chat how's this for a policy idea
attacks on stock sales starting at a
hundred percent and then going down to
ten percent every quarter
would that make reaganomics almost work
and my answer is no okay love you but
that's a terrible idea
but a financial transaction tax is a
great idea that's a really small tax on
financial transactions so the more
transactions you make the more you pay
in taxes which incentivizes you in the
right direction rather this speculation
okay and it's a and so you should look
into that it's a wonderful progressive
idea and raises a ton of money and and
it only is from people who are trading
stocks so math freaks seventy one says I
spent the weekend tree watching last
week's shows membership has its
privileges waiting for Monday I know
everything in due time but we need a
weekend okay I mean much love brother
Wow
you know what should be fun the way you
I'll suggest something else for you
thank you for watching this shows over
the weekend that's amazing but the
archives the archives have a lot of fun
stuff in it so suggestion I made on
Twitter last week was so we didn't have
old school which is you know the great
show that we have for members and I was
like you know you should go back to the
beginning of old school and start
listening or watching from the
beginning I think you'll love it I mean
I don't know what kind of trouble we're
gonna get ourselves in when I ask you to
do that but anyway all this is for
members TYT calm /join you also make
this possible the whole network alright
real quick last two ones our tailor 5:15
says easy to a way to fix broken tax
laws wolf dash pack.com need to get
money out of politics and demand that
our politicians work for the many and
not the few totally agreed by the way
wolf pack is a wonderful new website I
joined and volunteered through the new
system and felt it's smooth it looks
good so check it out wolf dash pack.com
last one is Tannen kosoul says dakota
economists mark life the Hamptons is not
a defensible position look the Hamptons
is lovely we don't get rid of the
Hamptons but it's not unfair to ask the
richest people in the country to pay
their fair share not an unfair share a
fair share they pay a lot of times
they're paying less taxes than the
average American and that is
fundamentally unfair alright let's do
the next story alright coca-cola has
announced that it will increase prices
for their soft drinks and this is a
direct response to Donald Trump's
tariffs now this is fascinating because
coca-cola happens to be Donald Trump's
favorite drink and they have decided to
hike their prices because of this 10%
tariff on aluminum and it's going to
obviously make the price of its cans
more expensive so according to the Labor
Department consumer prices actually rose
2.9 percent in June from a year earlier
and that's the highest rate in more than
six years so in essence as we all
expected the cost of these tariffs are
being transferred on to US consumers
also the beer Institute a trade group
representing beer producers obviously
estimated that the aluminum tariffs
would cost Brewers about 348 million
dollars and could lead to the loss of
more than 20,000 jobs in the industry
it's funny because a Wilbur Ross a
Commerce Secretary literally held up
cans of coke but
in Campbell's soup when they were doing
the tariffs and saying ah it's only
gonna increase prices by six tenths of a
cent and so there's no big deal they
won't actually increase the prices oh
look they increase the prices who could
have seen that coming and so are they
gonna pass it on to the consumer I
thought the corporation was just eat
extra cost now of course they're gonna
pass another consumer and of course it's
more than six tenths of a cent so look
it at the end of the day does is a
really gonna fight Donald Trump no you
know I don't think he's a billionaire
and he's been lying about his wealth all
the time but he's gonna be able to
afford the increase in in these
essential goods and look I happen to be
particularly coke myself so I find it to
be an essential good you might not okay
but certainly Campbell's Soup and and
all the other things that come in
aluminum are what people drink and eat
and and so if you're middle-class or
you're working poor this is gonna hurt
you way more right as usual because
inflation continues to grow wages
continue to remain stagnant consumer
debt is at an all-time high
so this trade war and the increase of
consumer prices is going to be felt by
the middle class and working class yeah
and last thing is the consumer price
went up 2.9 percent in June alone so
inflation keeps continuing to rise rise
rise what does that do what little wage
increase you got it wipes it out
entirely in fact you've now lost wages
at the ability to purchase things with
your wages has gone down not up so the
wealthy got trillions of dollars in tax
cuts and you got lower wages
you didn't even stay neutral you lost
ground geez alright moving on to some
other news it appears that Mitch
McConnell and Donald Trump are in
complete disagreement over whether or
not Congress is going to fund Trump's
wall at the border before making a
decision about funding the government
okay
so Mitch McConnell during a recent radio
interview argue
it's unlikely that we're going to fund
the border wall before the midterms
here's what he had to say here's the
funding of the border wall going to wait
until after the midterm elections
probably and that's something we do have
a disagreement on and so Homeland
Security won't get funded before the
midterm probably not but most of the
government will be covered so you're not
worried about a government shutdown mm
so definitive let's old to see if it's
really as definitive as he says so a
couple days later Trump said something
completely different let's take a look
at that as far as the border is
concerned and personally if we don't get
border security after many many years of
talk within the United States I would
have no problem doing a shutdown it's
time we had proper border security with
a laughingstock of the world okay can I
just jump in and say something about the
just Trump's whole demeanor and and his
strategy his base has decided to stick
by his side no matter what even if his
economic policies are negatively
impacting him impacting them they will
still remain loyal to him and so listen
to what he just said right there that he
is willing to you know go through a
complete government shutdown if he
doesn't get the funding that he wants
for his border wall and all I could
think about when I heard that statement
was Nancy Pelosi Chuck Schumer and the
fact that they gave away the one and
only time they're gonna have leverage in
this current you know political
situation they had the ability okay to
protect the dreamers when we had our
last round of debates in regard to
funding the government but they're like
no no we don't it's really unpopular to
shut the government down no we can't do
that we can't fight because they're weak
and they don't want to fight and it
makes me so angry
here Trump he's defiant and he's
unapologetic yeah I'm gonna shut the
government down unless I get what I want
sorry yeah
so the correct answer is it depends
what's the context so what are you
threatening a shutdown over and can you
get what you're looking for and you know
is the economy in the perilous shape not
in parallel shape there's so many
different factors that you have to
consider now the Trump's biggest
strength and this about is only strength
is also one of his biggest weaknesses
which is that he sees the world in a in
black and white it's binary it's either
this or it's that right now that's a
huge weakness because idiots see the
world that way in reality there's dozens
of factors that go into almost
everything right and the fact the
president is one of those idiots is not
helpful but why is it a strength it's a
strength because it leads him to take
strong action because he thinks this is
the only thing that matters so I'm gonna
go a hundred percent in that direction
and politically even the perception of
strength is really important in 2004 the
voters said they generally did not agree
with george w bush's direction but they
respected him for his strength whereas
John Kerry was characterized rightly or
wrongly as a flip-flopper and a waffler
and so and the fact that he voted for
Bush's Iraq war and then changed his
mind about it later
didn't help even though the American
people had turned on the Iraq war and
they didn't want more of it but they
voted for the guy who was strong instead
of the guy who was weak so Trump comes
in goes yeah I told you wall
me get wall me shut down whole
government right and his base goes yes
because it looks like strength now in
reality in the current context is it
strong to do that
politically I guess as strong cuz you're
taking a lot of risk right economically
it's a disaster and and and I think
politically it will not work so now the
thing is though there's actually some
chance it will and I'll tell you why
because his opponents are so incredibly
weak yes that there's some chance to
Democrats even though McConnell's on
their side
that the Democrats might preemptively
throw in the towel yes like before the
negotiations even start they're gonna be
like okay so how much did you want for
the border wall you wanted ten billion
we're gonna give you twenty like that's
that's democrat 101 and it drives me
crazy
well they've offered money for the wall
several times now it says Trump was
greedy and wanted more and they wanted a
tiny bit in return for the dreamers etc
but Trump wouldn't give that to them
either so is it conceivable is it better
than half no I mean the Democrats would
have to break all records and weaknesses
stupidity to give Trump what he wants
here because that government shutdown
would obviously be blamed on here
because he's the only one in favor of it
and is not popular and would wreak
significant economic damage right before
the election so it's a lose lose lose
for the Republican Party McConnell's
smart enough to realize that Trump is
not but never underestimate the
Democrats ability to snatch defeat from
the jaws of victory so there is some
percentage chance that they will blow
this but overall they should just let
McConnell and and Trump fight it out
yeah and if all you cared about was
politics and that shouldn't be the only
thing you care about but if that's the
only thing you cared about you'd hope
that Trump wins shuts down the
government creates chaos and and
obliterates any chance they have left of
winning the 2018 elections insane all
right one more story before we go to
break there's been an uncomfortable ad
it's uncomfortable for me at least by
representative Rhonda Sanchez from
Florida I don't want to say too much
about it I want you to be also be
uncomfortable watching it so let's just
take off everyone knows my husband Ron
De Santis is endorsed by President Ron
but he's also an amazing dad Ron loves
playing with the kids build the wall
he reads stories then mr. Trump said
you're fired
I love that part he's teaching Madison
to talk make America great again
people say Ron's all Trump but he is so
much more
big-league so good I just thought you
should know my husband's a great dad he
teaches our children how to build walls
and to hate the others
okay so there's so much I love about
that ad my favorite part is the
record-shattering ass-kissing going on
in that ad but I'm gonna get to that at
the end I like how they're teaching
their kids a couple of things as an
appointed out you build a wall cuz the
others are scary okay remember little
child you must fear and hate the others
make sure they're on the other side of
the law
okay because they're coming for you well
that is how you train a little
conservative right fear fear fear of
others but the other part that I found
amazing and which they take for granted
is that mr. Trump says you're fired
I love that part and there's something
wrong with you yeah yeah like I look
people get fired it happens it's not
something you should enjoy celebrate
right I mean it should be heart
wrenching gut-wrenching but since
they're so vicious they even like it's
in that that's his had he paid for that
ad yeah okay little baby let me tell you
how fun it is the fire people oh god
they're so terrible okay now what's the
whole point of this hat the point of
this ad is where's Donald Trump's
buttocks I got to get in there I got to
get in there I gotta kiss it I got to do
something else oh please please all my
bananas so dad starts with I didn't
think I could get more uncomfortable but
I did it I did it you're welcome okay
the ad starts with everyone knows my
husband for love loving Donald Trump and
everybody knows how much he supports
Donald Trump
no they didn't they didn't know that the
whole point of that ad is so that they
do know that you're doing that ad so you
could say please please please I'll do
anything Donald Trump tells me to do
okay
later in the head he does the big league
oh you're so embarrassed big leaves and
is a real word by the way but of course
as with everything with Trump sometimes
he says big league sometimes he says big
Lee I don't know if he knows the
difference I don't know anyway but it's
an absurd thing that he says the only
thing that was missing from the had was
cough FA and remember a little Johnny or
whatever you work that when there's a
secret code word cough FA it actually
meant something and it was really smart
hey that's the only way I think that it
could get more embarrassing it was
almost like a Sacha Baron Cohen skit but
an actual ad okay so this is the state
of the Republican Party I can kiss the
hole Trump's ass better than you can
congratulations and it seems as though
Trump isn't the only person who is
taking Fox News's lead in in governing
or running campaigns Fox News has been
urging Republican lawmakers to do
exactly what you just mentioned jank be
incredibly complimentary toward Trump
and essentially campaign not on issues
not on policy but on how much they love
Trump let's give you an example of what
Fox and Friends recently said just a
finger I mean look at the two
significant races we've talked about one
was Martha Roby and Alabama Martha Roby
was critical of President Trump as a
candidate 2016 she came around started
supporting the administration every
since and now the president wing in
change game-changer in Alabama Martha
Roby getting the nomination and then in
Georgia
I've got Brian Kim knocking out
lieutenant governor Cagle who was all
but a shoo-in until President Trump
weighed in and gave us an why well
because they realized that they if they
move closer to the president a lot of
people are liking some of his policies
and things that are happening in this
country and so if you're looking at
those numbers and you are running as a
Republican for
for Congress or for Senate you probably
want to associate associate yourself I
mean a lot of it depends on where you
live and what the local politics are but
in large part I would say siding with
the President on some of these issues
this might benefit you and it's a wake
up call if you are a candidate out there
and you are on the fence you may want to
consider supporting even more
aggressively 88 to 90 percent support
amongst Republicans for this president
if you're running for office and running
away from this president in a Republican
primary you're in a bad bad spot
yeah I don't know anyone who looks more
like a frat boy than hexxit but put that
aside for a second this is the fun
observation but he's actually it's a
rare search where he's right in
Republican primaries if you're running
away from Trump you're running away from
your career and not and Mark Sanford in
South Carolina lost cuz he tweaked Trump
a couple of times that's it he deeply
right-wing he had done all sorts of
terrible things and the voters didn't
care they put him back into office but
you said couple of things that were
slightly off about Trump you're gone
gone throw them off the cliff right I
mean you want talk about a witch-hunt
right so any Republican that it doesn't
live up Donald Trump's ass is targeted
for destruction so that's why they do
these deeply embarrassing ads like this
but the part that they're massively
wrong about is general elections so I
know they think Oh Trump won Florida now
the guys pulling a 38% he's a mess
and he's not pulling well in almost any
of these states so this whole idea of
run towards Trump in the general
election it's gonna come back to bite
him look it would right now if things
were frozen right now it would hurt him
a lot yes including in Florida but
things are not going to stop now it
appears that there is really really
damaging information about Trump that is
going to come out imminently the Trump
team in Giuliani are an absolute panic
you sure you want to run a heads talking
about big league and everybody knows
what the Sanders is in love with Donald
Trump in fact he love my husband loves
troph more than he loves me okay be
careful what you wish for those ads
might come back at you
in the general election yep all right
let's take a break yeah when we come
back speaking of coming back at you oh
no here comes such a parent going again
thanks for listening to this podcast
you're only halfway through so hold hold
stay right here just want to remind you
if you want to get all five segments of
the young turks commercial free these
are just two of them every day we do it
so go to TYT Network comm slash join and
you get the whole five segments two
hours ad free do it now
all right back on young turks Jenkin
anna with you guys
david no mac writes in on youtube super
chat that trump dream commercial makes
me laugh every time LOL it was pretty
cute those commercials that we produce
run during the live stream this show is
live of course 6 to 8 p.m. eastern every
day and that is on t YT comm slash live
it's on youtube TV it's on youtube.com
slash tyt and get in all those places
members get the show whenever they want
ad free that's at TYT dot-com slash join
in fact young nook 120 rights anti
youtube super chat been listening every
day thanks to a friend i love you guys
just waiting for the android app to
become a member
hashtag liberal news network
tick-tick-tick tick-tick-tick i'm not
saying anything i'm just saying hang in
there
very soon Larry Fishman says let Trump
have a stupid racist wish-fulfillment
talking about the wall then the next
Democratic president if we have another
president that's funny and sad can knock
it down with one of the greatest photo
ops of all time yes or you could go to
the wall during the 20/20 campaign oh
this is good I like this idea bring it
to some people and go mr. Trump knock
down this wall all right mr. ivory sixes
Jake is so right as a new member to TYT
the video archives are just as exciting
as my Netflix subscription I swear to
god we didn't plant these thank you
shout out to murder with friends so good
he continues so yes that's greaseball
drew just show it's fantastic check out
the archives of all the network shows
all the progressives did I mention t
whitey calm /join I think I did right
all right last one Oh lefty green 75
says this is on Twitter I was expecting
to show me the buttocks soundbite after
the DeSantis ad oh you're so right how
did I miss that show me the bottle cool
show media Bartek and and
I saw that clip for the first time on
last week one over last week's postgame
shows and people seem to enjoy my
reaction to it yeah yeah all right we're
about to do it more of that yeah but
look guys so lefty Greene 75 I gotta
give you a shirt whenever you make a
point we should have made including the
sound board I got a you be assured
so shop TYT calm for all of our fun
shirts including the vote one which is a
huge seller right now that people really
really love okay what's next time all
right
Sasha barons new show just recently
aired the episode where he's
interviewing Roy Moore now Roy Moore was
the Alabama politician who luckily lost
in the Republican primary there and part
of the reason why he lost was because
there were numerous women who came
forward and alleged that he had sexually
assaulted them or in some cases tried to
do inappropriate things with them when
they were minors so here's how Sasha
Baron Cohen handled the interview and as
you can see he is dressed as an
anti-terror expert general Iran Murad it
turns out the sex offenders and
particularly pedophiles secrete an
enzyme for D DHT which is actually
detectable it is three times the level
of non perverts
so the phrase sweating like a rapist is
actually based on science
so in Israel they have developed a
machine that is used in schools and
playgrounds to detect anyone coming in
and if they detect the pedophile the
wand alerts the law enforcement and the
schools within a hundred mile radius it
is very very simple to use you just
switch it on and because needle vaso sex
offenders then it make absolutely not
you just put it on you put it nearby
right this is obviously problem although
it must be faulty it's malfunctioning
I'm sure it will do the same with the
other guy here has he let me Justin
so is this silver jacket yes did you
lend the jacket to somebody else maybe
no I've been married for 33 so I never
had an accusation of such things I am
not accusing you at all this is well if
this is an instrument I did certainly
I'm not a pedophile okay
no but the machine is well I don't know
maybe Israeli technology hasn't
developed properly this is the 99.8%
world it is not saying that you are a
pedophile of course not I am simply
cutting this conversation right now no
thank you
have you been in I support Israel I
don't support this kind of stuff thank
you no it is I'm not saying that you're
a sex offender okay this guy's killing
it man it's so I'm watching it every
week and it believe it or not all this
stuff that we've shown you that it's
fantastic is not even the best stuff so
I'm gonna swing that in a second but so
the way he set this up is he didn't jump
into the pedophile stuff right away in
the longer version in who's America
which is on Showtime he sets it up with
Roy more by talking about security and
terrorists and Israeli technology right
and he knows that if he brings in
Israeli security expert all Republicans
are in Berlin yes sir absolutely sir I'm
what do you what do you need yeah let's
talk let's talk and so he lures him all
the way in and then he's like then we
invent this technology about pedophiles
and then you see Roy Moore in that clip
his face like hold up hold up now hold
up maybe it's just my imagination but I
feel like his face got a little sweaty
oh expression alone I don't know he
looked a little weird yeah I mean
expression read to me show me the bottle
okay I went really quick
so Roy Moore told him in that clip I
haven't been accused at all yeah which
was fascinating because of course he has
been accused I'm just gonna recount you
know all the accusations very quickly on
November 9th of last year Washington
Post reported
that four women said more had pursued
them sexually or romantically when they
were 18 or younger and he was in his 30s
one of them said that he touched her
sexually when she was only 14 years old
that's obviously below the states age of
consent over the next several days
though a woman accused more of sexually
assaulting her when she was 16 and four
more women accused him of sexual
misconduct or unwanted overtures so it
seems as though there were more than
zero women who've accused him of sexual
assault so now the other part that I
told you about with it with the series
first of all I love the character yeah
and on Murad but he changes the title
every time it's captain Aaron Murad then
Colonel Aaron Murad this time it was
general Aaron Murad okay whoa whoa okay
you guys getting promoted pretty quickly
yeah and my favorite part when he goes
okay yalla let's go but he's Equal
Opportunity right I mean he destroyed
this poor art dealer oh my god and look
so he's going so the people who are
great journals like Ted Koppel was like
yet this is nonsense I'm done with it
like didn't bite at all Bernie Sanders
didn't bite at all it's like no that's
just not true
Yeah right but the people who are like
stupid do bite and anyway he does a
liberal professor okay he one of no no
no one of his characters this is a bunch
of different characters one of them is a
liberal professor will always wears an
NPR shirt no no when he goes to Arizona
and get says to them no we have a great
new project 385 million dollars we're
gonna spend in Kingman Arizona they're
like yeah great it's on a wonderful new
mosque oh you've got to watch you've got
to watch it and he's like no no it's
okay well well what would you like is
your dream mosque if they're yelling we
don't want a dream mosque I get up
possibly do it justice you see it's
actually better than almost all of these
except show me the bottle I mean that
guy
broke all records I do not know how the
show could ever top that state lawmaker
from Georgia how do you top that the guy
took his pants down yeah I mean and by
the way I had forgotten and then I saw
when I watch the full clip at the very
end it show him biting a sausage as if
it's a penis they got him to do that on
camera so look we're not getting paid by
Showtime us getting paid okay
support us by being members - I
t-dot-com / Jordan okay so this is free
it's just a great great show it's called
who's America it's on Showtime and Sacha
Baron Cohen genius yes all right I
actually want to add one quick thing
about all of this because Roy Moore
actually released a statement prior to
this episode airing and so he's
threatening to sue I read you uh just
two quick portions of his statement he
said I did not know sasha Cohen I don't
know sasha Cohen or that a Showtime TV
series was being planned to embarrass
humiliate and mock not only Israel but
also religious conservative this is by
the way the way that the statement was
written religious conservative as Sarah
Palin Joe Walsh and Dick Cheney he also
said I'm involved in several court cases
presently to defend my honor and
character against vicious false
political attacks by liberals like Cohen
if Showtime airs a defamatory attack on
my character I may very well be involved
in another well seems like you will be
involved in it have at it Hoss
by the way Sacha Baron Cohen is an
Orthodox Jew and is observant so the
whole idea that he would he's trying to
mock Israel is preposterous no he's
trying to mock you so let's just be
clear about that and he didn't go after
just right-wingers he also went after
liberals they just didn't bite as much
they just didn't I don't know maybe it's
in later episodes okay but right now it
appears that the Conservatives were far
more willing to humiliate themselves and
that's unsurprising in that same episode
okay general Aaron Moran
the what he gets racist to do while
trying to capture illegal Mexicans as he
calls them Oh and that might break the
Georgia Legislature record for
humiliating including getting them to
put on fake plastic vaginas and then to
have people feel it
no he's devastating them okay I feel
like at the end of each episode I get a
show me the bottle okay we gotta go we
gotta go all right second our amazing
Giuliani doesn't need Sacha Baron Cohen
he is plenty good at humiliating himself
okay I mean he makes a mess of it we're
gonna talk about that as soon as we
return Thank You Ana we'll be right back
thanks for watching what I hope was a
lovely edition of The Young Turks now
you know that that is two of the five
segments that we do because that's free
we want to have you support independent
media and can watch the whole show that
we do every day that's five segments
overall no ads at all
that's at TYT Network comm /join come
become a member
thanks for watching either way
