so Trump just tweeted like a maniac
again and unfortunately this is real
news so there's two tweets that are
particularly concerning in one he
attacks the Muller investigation for
what the hundredth time no no way it's
more than that right 200 times 300th
time so if Bill Clinton attacked a
whitewater investigation like a maniac
non-stop hundreds upon hundreds of times
said shut it down it's 13 angry
Republicans and I and I'm not gonna let
them finish people would have lost their
minds the impeachment might have
actually succeeded etc so now he's
calling it this is important an illegal
scam because if you're the President and
you're in charge of the executive branch
and you just start calling things
illegal maybe he gives you a pretense to
shut it down even though it's an
investigation of yourself by the way if
you're a Republican never ever say that
you're for law enforcement again never
ever say that you're for the rule of law
again because you're not you're fascist
in your heart just like Donald Trump is
and you don't believe in our system of
government you don't believe in checks
and balances you don't believe in our
Constitution he's calling it illegal now
I don't know what those implications are
I know why he's doing it because he's
guilty he's in a panic
Michael cones flipped on him Michael
cone has been his fixer you know who
needs fixers criminals that's who needs
fixers he's been a life long criminal
and now he's the president that puts him
in a very dangerous situation it puts
our democracy in a dangerous situation
so he's going after the investigation
full force unsurprising there and then
he goes after the press now he's already
said they're you know they're fake news
a billion times he's already called him
the enemy of the people that is so
dangerous a news paper got shot up all
those people killed he doesn't care he
he just had a meeting with the New York
Times over the weekend and the other
time said look what you're doing is
dangerous from that we now have armed
guards in front of our building and he's
like oh you didn't already this is a
fascist you know where they we get
freedom of the press from
the United States Constitution I know
right-wingers hate that document they
can't stand it they'd like to shred it
there's only one thing they'd like in
there which is the Second Amendment but
in terms of practice in protecting our
privacy they despise it they don't like
the Fourth Amendment they don't like due
process they don't like the Fifth
Amendment the 14th Amendment and they
certainly don't like the First Amendment
they only like the First Amendment if
they think it gives corporations and
billionaires the right to spend
unlimited money bribing our politicians
that's their interpretation of the First
Amendment the First Amendment actually
it protects not only freedom of speech
but freedom of the press and so what did
he do on top of all that he sent out a
tweet saying the press is endangering
lives is putting lives at risk what does
that do that sets up a pretense to
imprison people who write things he
doesn't like so he's an he's an enemy of
the truth because the truth does not
help him the truth is that he he has
violated an incredible amount of laws
and not just now and not just during the
campaign but throughout his life so
there's a reason why he had the same
lawyers as much as the mob did there's a
reason why he borrowed all that money
from Russian oligarchs there's a reason
why he's in the same part of deutsche
bank in the same Bank of Cyprus that did
all that money laundering there's a
reason why as as son said over and over
again where do we get the money we got
it from the Russians
okay so what's he gonna do like all good
fascists I don't want to get caught so
why don't I imprison the people who are
telling the truth
and just kill the press if I don't like
the press what and I just put them in
jail there oh they're putting lives at
risk
I don't like an investigation I mean why
don't I destroy the rule of law
why don't I destroy the FBI why don't I
destroy law enforcement right whereas if
you support Trump in any of these things
never say you're for the Constitution
never you say that you're for America
and our system of government and never
ever say that you're for law enforcement
because that's a lie you are if you
agree with Trump you agree with this
fascism that is against our system of
government that attacks anything that
brings you the truth and anything that
actually enforces the rule of law that's
what's happening and those
tweets this weekend are dangerous if he
starts acting on those and people do not
stop him and he starts putting people in
prison or firing people who are
investigating him then this country is
not what it used to be and there's no
rule of law left and there's no
constitutional order left and that is
exactly where Trump wants to drive us
and by the way one he does it to protect
himself because of course he's guilty
that's why he's in an unbelievable panic
right now right look at the tenor of the
tweets he sounds like an absolute madman
screaming into the ether
Oh Joe they're crying legal scam which
odd and he says 13 angry Democrats dude
you're the angry one you're the one even
though you're President of the United
States tweeting like an imbecile a
madman a lunatic out of totally out of
control that's because he's guilty he
did it and he's not gonna just surrender
he's not gonna just give himself in he's
gonna try to destroy anything that would
put him away
including the country in our form of
government and the final icing on the
top of this cake is Putin has got to be
laughing so hard I got this guy under
control anything look you you're for
some reason you hate evidence and you
don't believe that Russian Trump of an
interview alike with each other despite
the 32 indictments and you're in a
conspiracy theory where you think the
FBI the entirety of the FBI has made up
this conspiracy etc okay then a Putin
thinks how did I get this lucky he
scored against all of his allies he's
going against Canada he's going against
NATO he me and the dictators are the
only thing he likes and now the icing on
the cake is he's shredding the American
form of government as president I
anything that Donald Trump is way more
guilty than people realize this is not
about a couple of tweets during the
election this is not about fake news and
social media during the election this is
donald trump having colluded with the
russians way before he started running
for president and and and now he will do
anything to destroy people that are
coming after him including destroying
our
Dushan and our former government and it
is not an exaggeration read those tweets
they are maniacal
