hello everybody I am very happy today to
be talking to Khan yella ink so Khan
yella inge is running for Congress he's
a little bit of a superstar if I don't
say so myself
you've made quite a name for yourself at
such a young age you're you're 29 right
yeah 20 minutes younger than me and
you're uh you're already you're already
a politician so you are in the Hawaii
House of Representatives you represent
the 11th district which is South Maui
but you hear a little bit of feedback in
your ear no I just I heard my voice
talking back to me just wanted to make
sure everything's good on your end
mmm doesn't matter I just want to make
sure you could hear me because I was
getting a little echo of myself but so
we'll talk policy in a little bit but
before we get into that tell everybody a
little bit about why you got into
politics and about your last race
because I know you had quite a story how
did you win your last race at such a
young age and how did you get out the
vote yeah I mean you know I fight for
working families because I come from one
and the owner when you're working class
in like one of the most bridges places
in the world in Hawaii and your knee
deploying you don't have to find your
way into politics it kind of finds you
it threatens your existence so very
early on I was exposed to
you know activism and those arts of
things and then in college I was a first
generation college graduate we had this
Republican governor who tried to cut our
university about 130 million dollars so
my brother convinced me to run for
student president for whatever reason
and we we want and it was like it was
weird because my opponent his dad gave
him like four thousand dollars they're
gonna sit in campaign he was like part
of this huge fret and the whole fight
was helping them but uh we squeaked by
and passed like our first socialist
policy or finalize it which was a bus
passes were four hundred dollars at the
time but like only four students needed
them
so we made it so everyone shipping $10
and everybody get a bus pass and people
love it
you know even though even the rich kids
love these and you know we did a lot of
things and then I realize like it is
something I could do so then when a tea
party guy got elected on my home Island
when I was 23 I was working at four
seasons at the time cleaning locker
rooms and the weight room from like 4:00
a.m. to noon full time shit that I just
knock on doors till sunset and we
somehow want despite not having much
money in the key grossly outspent us and
we won by fifteen twenty six percent
might I had a pussy knock one over
fifteen thousand dollars so I had to
wear out all these shoes and but you
know that's that's what works like this
dis this economy is not working for a
generation but organizing is and really
knocking on doors the only way to build
a movement for the best way at the
moment so of course as a justice
Democrat you're taking no corporate PAC
money but what I find fascinating and
this was obviously the same for
Alexandria Ocasio Cortez is that I was
naive as to how much like accents around
work goes into campaigning
like you were literally I heard the
story that you guys had to hop fences to
go knock on doors is that true
yeah I mean you do everything you can
like you wanted to the only way you're
gonna win as a grassroots candidate is
like when when elections when the polls
close you got to know that you've left
nothing on a table like you gave it your
all so by any means necessary
I mean we didn't win again violent but
by almost all means necessary yeah you
got to be extremely resourceful like
like our I used the piece that I used to
mail to walk and I just like you know
punch a hole in it put a rubberband in
every single night and I write letters
on each door knocking peace personally
like Aloha kolinsky family I'm like I'm
here to listen during a sentence and I
won't sign it I leave my cell phone at
literally at every door so it's like
that personal touch that's gonna win
people over and just cause like when
you're when you come to a door
can be have foxnews playing and
extremely conservative but if you're if
you can't say you're not hard-working
and the guys here not listening so when
it's just them in the polling booth is
them in their conscience even if they're
like obsessed with their worldview they
know who you are they never met the
other person they're probably gonna vote
for you and that's what Democrats have
failed to do for four years we've like
written off all these red states that
were originally that they're people that
are like come from Union backgrounds and
stuff and we got to reconnect and speak
to their needs and that's what just
Democrats are doing yeah it's um it's
really interesting because I've
maintained for a long time that I think
populism wins everywhere and you know
you touched on it there with people with
Union backgrounds and we saw it just
happen in West Virginia with the teacher
strike the idea that Democrats should
write off states like West Virginia when
it's almost like they're just there
waiting for populist Democrats
grassroots Democrats you know people
funded Democrats to step up and
represent them so this is really an
opportunity more than anything in the
age of Trump and I love I went to your
website and I want to read everybody the
quote you have on the top of your page
because I really like this and this is
not something that you hear in
Washington DC in fact the I think it's
the opposite philosophy that's dominant
among Democrats in Washington DC but you
say quote it's not enough to simply
resist Donald Trump people are
struggling and feeling left behind
leaders must offer hope and progress
beyond resistance so can you speak a
little bit about that what policies
would point to this conclusion well we
are campaigning on the policies that
United professes in 2016 like tuition
free public college Medicare for all
ending reckless wars but we're also
pushing the envelope for student debt
cancellation to save our economy and
give our generation a shot
universal basic income a green new deal
which would be to 100% renewable energy
nationwide by 2035 through a federal
jobs guarantee and just kind of you know
pushing as far as we can go because
these are things that people need these
are
actual solutions and these half-measures
just aren't working and the only reason
why Democrats are really afraid of big
ideas is because they're afraid of big
donors so you know when you're on board
from those corporations you can just
really just speak the truth and it's
been really encouraging to see the type
of responses we got them back today I
just rolled out our nation's first
housing for all proposal and you know
people are super excited about it yeah
that you know I'm happy you brought that
up because there's a few policies
they're actually unique and specific to
you among all the Justice Democrats that
I think really a no didn't no offense or
disrespect to any of the other justice
Democrats because I think they're all
great but I think there's a reason why
you really resonated amid a whole cadre
of superstars because you added some
specific things to your platform and at
specific proposals that really are bold
and I know that when when I you know
along with jancuga of TYT when I
discussed your campaign when you
launched on my show and I always give
the link okay if you want to donate
here's the you know the website for
whichever justice Democrat it may be I
know that you actually did got more than
anybody else because I think they saw
those really bold proposals and they
were like wow this guy is the real deal
so one of those that I wanted to talk
about so Universal base can come you
just touched on it there you say on your
website automation and globalization are
already disrupting our economy and we
must act quickly and explore innovative
solutions to build a future economy that
leaves no one behind studies and pilots
demonstrate that $1,000 a month basic
income every resident would grow the
American economy by 2.5 trillion dollars
and I know that you also speak a lot
about FDR's economic Bill of Rights so
what what gave you the inspiration like
what what is it that made you are you
just a history buff and you were like
you know what let me see what it was
like back then and then you were going
through the economic policies and they
of the New Deal and you were intrigued
or what is it that made you realize like
oh this is obviously the answer and this
is the direction we should go and this
isn't crazy
pie in the sky as the right and even
some corporate Democrats are gonna paint
it as no I mean I mean first of all
thanks to the profs but I just like
these policies aren't I mean they're
rooted in history sure but they're kind
of easy to stumble upon if you just walk
outside and first of all like zoom out
like like Medicare pro for example why
do we rely on employers to provide our
insurance like it's no one's happy with
that the employer is not even happy with
that so I have employees that playing
art it's like a broken system
doctors hate it they got to do more
paperwork than spend time with patients
so if you just think is like just kind
of look back a little there's so much
work to be done outside right there's
like trees to be planted bridges to be
repaired roads or bridges to be built
roads to be repaired and just these the
private sector is just not meeting that
demand and meanwhile there's unemployed
all over the US or there are people that
like we have a really low unemployment
rate but it's because our jobs don't pay
enough so people are working two or
three jobs and folks stop looking 70
percent of my classmates go to the
mainland so um you know why aren't we
just providing those jobs to everyone
livable jobs your federal jobs guarantee
it like it's very simple to come up with
these solutions if you just approach it
from like a common sense perspective
same as like climate change like if they
say we need to reduce emissions by this
much let's just let's just get there
let's just didn't ban the corporation's
stop polluting so much and you know that
we stopped making electric cars by a
certain year by 2030 I mean try making
fossil fuel cars and stop those
pipelines like it it's very common sense
it's just the only reason why we don't
think it is
and people say it's impossible or
radical is because the donors are doing
that propaganda yeah and I think an
interesting point about that I think is
that it would actually help the economy
if we get off of fossil fuels I mean
obviously there's the benefit of you're
gonna fight back against climate change
which is just absolutely necessary and
not debatable at this point but also I
think it'll help the economy because the
next boom you know is going to be in
green and renewable technology
why not do a new New Deal and have that
be at the forefront of that
yeah and this green new deal that we've
been championing along with the federal
child guarantee it's been picking up and
you see more and more justice Democrats
and other candidates running on it now
as well and that's a good point like all
of our policies it's not like anti
growth they're actually all pro-growth
and if you and they cost less than the
the proposals we're looking at now like
under Medicare for all people will be
paying like half as much as they do
under the private sector and sure it's
taxes but who cares there's to be more
money in your pocket you have better
outcomes right no more private premiums
and then your taxes go up but you're
still net paying less is the point yeah
I mean that's the that's the thing about
the profit when you commodify our basic
rights and you put profit in the mix
everyone every layer you need to add
profit and that balloons the cost like
it's pretty simple but and when it comes
to like housing in Hawaii like I'm
looking my window right now there's a
luxury condos every month popping up and
it's like twenty million dollars for
single units getting sold so this idea
that we don't have enough money on this
island or resources to solve our housing
problem is absurd like just look outside
scarcity is a political choice and all
we need to do is is like demand that the
money stopped getting siphoned out by
out-of-state investors and we build for
a human need rather than in speculative
profit
yeah and you know I always felt like if
the news media was doing its job every
American should be able to tell you hey
there's about half a million homeless
people in this country and they should
be able to tell you there's about 50,000
or 60,000 homeless veterans but they
never nobody can tell you that and it's
not their fault necessarily because it's
not like those people it's not like the
American don't want to help homeless
people and want to help homeless
veterans it's just that we're not
educated on this stuff and I feel like
what we've lacked in the Democratic
Party and in our politics is a strong
voice for working families and a strong
voice for the poor and homeless people
and I really like how you're talking
about this housing for all idea you know
one of the things I spoke about this on
my show a while ago and this is one of
those facts that it just my mind is
absolutely blown by it and it's again
blown by the fact that this is in
widespread knowledge and people don't
already know this but apparently if you
just leave a homeless person on the
street and say you know what to hell
with you we're not gonna help you
there's gonna be no government action
here that costs thirty one thousand
dollars per year now if you do a program
where you actually just give homeless
people housing that that mean that would
only cost ten thousand dollars a year so
you save twenty thousand dollars a year
so I mean look at this it's so we know
that it's morally the right thing to do
it's ethically and morally the right
thing to do to address this but it's
also fiscally the right thing to do so
this gets back to what you were saying
about how I mean this is it really is
common sense it like the Justice
Democrats platform and even the things
that you've gone above and beyond and
put in your platform it strikes me like
anybody when they hear this left or
right Republican or Democrat any voter
is gonna go that's what I want to that's
what I want right there yeah I mean you
know there is such thing as like systems
try to turn people against each other
and scapegoating other populations and
psychologically if you're struggling
it's easier to blame like people even
worse off than you than it is to be to
blame the people that you admire who you
want to be so you know they make us
fight over crumbs under the table while
they sit up there and eat the whole pie
and that's all Donald Trump won right he
identified the pain he's like I see you
struggling but he blamed Muslims and
immigrants and really it's people like
him it's billionaires and oligarchs
that's causing the problem so people
that there are sections of like working
people all across our communities who do
want to blame house lists for their own
problems but that's why it's important
that we get out there and organize
because otherwise they're only hearing
one side of it and when Democrats try to
run to the right
especially in these red states or red
areas even in Hawaii we you know they
have to choose between Republicans
Republican lights they choose
Republicans and the people who are on
our side to stay home so we got excite
--fill to get them out get them knocking
on doors with us talking to their
neighbors having those meaningful
conversations and not just buying TV ads
and that's what we're gonna build a
movement and kind of restore that uh
that heart and soul to not just the
Democratic Party but to working people
of any affiliation yeah so you you made
an interesting point there you touched
on a group of people that I call the TFG
s
it stands for too far gone they exist
there's no doubt about that
but wait you mentioned correctly that
the middle class the oldest trick in the
book is elites get the middle class to
hate poor people and people of color and
immigrants and the other and it really
is the oldest trick in the book it's
divide and conquer but I've always
thought that the the too far-gone
contingent of the American population is
probably maximum maximum thirty percent
of the country maybe even twenty or
twenty-five percent which means that
there's a voting bloc there where
obviously you can get run-of-the-mill
Democrats to support your your you know
your philosophy your ideology and what
you're pushing for but also independence
and also people who would describe
themselves as conservative but they're
actually more populist and would be
would not even the right label when they
say oh I'm conservative so do you agree
with that do you think that the policies
that we push for the vision is so strong
that it would almost lead to flawless
victories to steal from mortal combat
yeah I do and there'll be a lot less
fatalities well said well said so I just
one more thing here I want you to talk a
little bit more about the job guarantee
so I didn't know this but apparently FDR
when he did the New Deal he almost hit a
hundred percent employment
yeah there's something that's on your
website that's why I'm asking
yeah that's that's the thing about like
when people say like Harvey and afford
these things when we invest in the
working class and we build it up to the
middle class and we build the middle
class out our economy booms like that
creates like people spend that money
it's not like when you give to the rich
and you have tax cuts and they just
hoard it in all shirt or store accounts
or buy back stocks like when working
people get money they get haircuts they
get groceries they keep the economy
going economy runs on spending right so
you put money that's sitting in
government coffers you put it back in
the economy and it's it runs at full
potential so our economy was at its best
when we were investing the most in in
the working class and so you know a
lobbyist policy is like a Federal jobs
guarantee universal basic income it's
all based in that empirical historical
fact so a final question talked a little
bit about foreign policy what are your
thoughts on the situation in Iraq what
are your thoughts on the situation in
Afghanistan and what should happen with
u.s. foreign policy moving forward we
spent five point six trillion dollars in
Iraq and Afghanistan that's that's
absurd like we could have college and
Medicare and housing for everyone with
that kind of money but you know I think
it's good when folks talk about anti
interventionism but anti-imperialism is
even better and frankly I haven't heard
any American politician talk about it
that's why we're trying to start it out
like as Native Hawaiians we know what
it's like to be displaced from our
homeland like we're an economic and
environmental exile today they're more
Hawaiians living outside our state than
here so you know whether it's a war on
drugs or a war on terror or war whatever
hell breeze in the White House makes up
it's a war for profit and it's a war
that's causing indigenous people all
over the world to suffer just like we
have so you know this immigrant problem
it's not really a problem economically
that Trump likes escaped quote
we cause that stuff with most that most
of these things are American induced and
you know it's our responsibility to let
them in and stop these reckless wars
that are just making not just other
other nations but our own nation of
worse off both economically and morally
okay that's great
every time I hear you talk on more and
more inspired I wish I could vote for
you but I can't cuz I'm in New York so
Kanye Ella tell everybody how they can
donate to your campaign and how they can
help you sure Kanye and calm we don't
take any corporate money or any money
from lobbyists that's kind of a trick
right everyone says they're against
Citizens United that's easy
the repeal students to the United PAC is
like this this is like laundering scheme
now for forum certain consultants so
what what's more important is like you
actually reject money from like all
those folks who are involved on that
side and we rely on working people so I
think our average donation is around $30
7,000 individual country contributors
six times we broke the record by like
three to six times I think I think the
record was around 1,500 individual
donors there are districts so we're
doing it differently and I know that the
people who give don't have a lot so you
know it means a lot and but that's
really what it's about right movement
candidate it's not about like who's the
most qualified it's like who's gonna
take our ideas forward and give our
generation a shot and frankly I'm so
sick of pyretic from the Democratic
Party where they talk about like leaving
a better future for our kids like sure
I'm all about to have a two-year-old son
I don't have a shot to make it in Hawaii
but don't write off our generation like
we still have a shot like my great
grandparents when they rose up from the
plantation and they stood up to the
corporation of their time it wasn't just
about the next generation like they want
their chains off their ankles you know
and we can take we can have a better
future now we can forgive student debt
we can perhaps housing that we can
actually afford and ELQ
and live in a world where having kids
isn't just for the rich and you know we
just got a demand it and rise up so
please chip in if you go to events
there's like phone banking there's all
kinds of things you can text banking all
kinds of things you can do remotely as
well if you're not in Hawaii and you
know as a final point I just want to say
I think the difference in my mind
between you and most of the demo already
elected Democrats is that when you talk
it's not just platitudes and cliches
when most elected Democrats talk I just
hear stuff like let's create a better
future and yeah okay but how do we go
about doing that what exactly do you
want to do what are your policies that
they're they just you know leave it open
and you're supposed to fill in the
blanks with whatever you want
you're very specific in what you want
and even if some people might disagree
with a policy or two that you propose I
think when push comes to shove the
reality is everybody knows that you're
fighting for them and you have just a
litany of fantastic things that you're
pushing for and the specifics is what I
personally love more than anything so I
want to thank you so much for coming on
the show thank you for doing what you're
doing I wish you all the best in your
race and we'll talk again in the future
no thanks so much comment let me say you
know when you speak against donors who
control government you're also speaking
in to advertisers who control our media
so you know that's part of the problem
as well so thank you for doing what
you're doing as an independent voice and
being a part of our movement my pleasure
man thank you very much all right
