thank you for watching or listening to
this free podcast of The Young Turks we
want to make sure that you get some
portion of the show every day but if you
want the full show which is actually
five segments come become a member and
support independent media as well TYT
Network comm sized joined meanwhile
enjoy the free podcast
all right well the young turks another
day in LA and Donald Trump is in even
bigger trouble we're gonna get to that
in a little bit there's some chance that
soon you will have to show me the bottle
perhaps you might have already done that
with a lot of mere anyway that you're
not supposed to say that you're not
supposed to say that we got a lot of
amazing these pretty hands throughout
the program today if you miss any of it
you know you could become a memory yet
at all at TYT calm /join okay I I have
breaking news for you guys right off the
top of the showman do that and then
we'll talk to you about Hawaii okay
Hawaii all right breaking news Facebook
has suffered the most devastating loss
in American history in the stock market
no exaggeration no joke
they lost a hundred billion dollars in
market value today Wow
that is a stunning amount of money to
lose biggest one-day loss for any
company in US history so what happened
well they released their second quarter
earnings yesterday and it was deeply
disappointing and the market reacted
very poorly to it yesterday and then the
sell-off accelerated today they are
declining in both growth in users and in
revenue that does not spell good news
obviously for Facebook but there's
another problem which is that regulators
in in the US and and in Europe
particularly are coming after them to
affect what is the core of their
business which is to collect data from
all people that use Facebook and then
sell it to advertisers
and so if it affects the core of their
business on top of the declining growth
and revenue now investors are worried
whether it is going to be sustainable so
now look market goes up it goes down you
can't explain why if to quote Bill
O'Reilly no yes we can't explain why
this is why so it might rebound
it's not to say that it's all over for
them but they lost 19 percent of their
value in one day now that means they
still have 81 percent left and in some
investors might look at it as a good
buying opportunity for a business that
still has an enormous amount of users
throughout the world in a way that we
have hardly ever seen in the history of
the planet
so you could look at in both different
ways the good buying opportunity or it
is a point to to get out further because
that you're worried about the
sustainability of the business I just
want to let you guys know and I have no
value judgment on other than I'm blown
away by the size of the loss of Facebook
devastated in the stock market today a
hundred billion dollars in loss in one
day Wow
okay that's all I got on that okay my
analysis on that was cogent it consisted
of Wow okay but soon they might have to
show investors
show me the bout the biggest loss in the
history of okay probably shouldn't have
too much fun with it anyways let's go
over here okay there's a race in Hawaii
and Hawaii is one the most progressive
states in the country and what is
amazing about the races there's four
candidates that are you know challenging
here and have legitimate chance of
winning one of them is very very
progressive Kanye Lange and he is does
not take core PAC money and he's
uncorrupted etc but what I'm amazed by
is his three opponents and how
incredibly conservative they are why on
God's green earth would well the most
progressive states in the country elect
one of these guys so I'm gonna give you
all for their background so you could
make a decision on your own
so the currently leading is Ed case now
edie case was a former Democratic
Representative from Hawaii so you might
say well I mean Democrat from Hawaii is
probably pretty liberal wrong he was a
Blue Dog Democrat blue dog means a
conservative Democrat meant boy did he
prove it while he was in Congress what
did he do well first of all I should let
you know after he left Congress
how conservative you was further and it
to the great benefit of his pocketbook
he's a current lobbyist for the largest
non-union hotel chain in Hawaii and he
has made only one point one six million
dollars in the last 18 months right by
being a lobbyist Hawaii you're gonna
elect a lobbyist for your congressman
all right so what was his track record
when he had a chance to prove himself
well unsurprisingly he voted for tax
cuts for the rich so he wanted to
abolish the estate tax so if you're
incredibly if you're a billionaire in
Hawaii I get why you'd want to vote for
any case you're a regular person in
Hawaii this guy's not for you he voted
to support lower taxes on average
burgers no investment income why rich
people will have more investment income
okay that's two times he voted for the
rich to lower their taxes or even to
eliminate them and then the Bush tax
cuts I mean that was three and a half
trillion dollars of tax cuts mainly to
the rich he voted for what's the point
of sending a Democrat to go vote for
these tax cuts but the Republicans come
up with so what do you motive for the
Trump tax cuts maybe he voted for the
Bush tax cuts and they were larger than
the Trump tax cuts they apparently in
cases not met a tax cut for the rich
that he does not love which makes sense
he's rich he got rich by being a
lobbyist so okay why why on God's green
earth would Hawaii send that guy to
represent them when he doesn't represent
them he's way more conservative than the
voters of Hawaii and he's currently
leading in the polls that's incredible
and I know a lot of it his name
recognition but understand who II D case
is this is who he is I'm not done with
him yet he said as recently as 2006 that
he would have voted for the Iraq war
well as recently as 2006 but by 2006
even Republicans who are saying yeah
that was a disaster
2006 he's still saying I would have
voted for it so he's Pro war Hawaii what
do you guys who would consider this guy
he should be dead last number for
another reason he voted to make the
Patriot Act permanent you sent him at
your peril ha Hawaii you sent into
Washington this guy is a huge track
record of voting with Republicans over
and over
on almost every issue you care about
wait to get a lot of what he didn't know
five that when he was in Congress he
voted with Jeb Han Sterling's amendment
first of all jeb Hensarling one of the
most conservative politicians the whole
country but wait to get a load of the
amendment to eliminate funding for PBS
NPR title 10 family planning and money
for Planned Parenthood
you could have send that guy back to
Congress no way no progressive no
Democrat in Hawaii should vote for Edie
case this guy is one of the most
conservative Democrats now if he came
from Nebraska even then I wouldn't want
it I wouldn't want it from Alabama but
from Hawaii no way no way now look let
me give you the Kayne Lowe's record as a
juxtaposition before I get to the other
guys so Kayne Lang is the only candidate
who doesn't take any corporate PAC money
the other guys say corporate PAC money
you don't know who they're working for
they ain't gonna be working for the
corporations in fact they are working
for the corporations in the case of had
case literally also Doug Chinna and
which I'll tell you about in a second so
Kayne al doesn't think any corporate
bank money so he represent you guys he
is the only candidate to support
Medicare for all well that pulls
incredibly well in Hawaii why would you
send the guys who aren't in favor of the
policies you're in favor of he's got a
plan for housing for all he's I'm gonna
show you a clip where he tells you how
Democrats and progressives should
actually fight for their own side I'll
show you that at the end but he actually
cares about the homeless once actually
solvent and there is a way to solve it
and I can go on and on but I'll give you
one last one he the same-day voter
registration he's the one when he is a
state representative in Hawaii push for
that and got it passed he championed
that legislation by the way one of his
opponents Beth Fukumoto who was a
Republican until about three seconds ago
voted against same-day voter
registration she voted for voter
suppression with the Republicans why she
was a Republican say well let me tell
you more about her she's was a former
Republican but hey look let's be fair
decades ago I was a former Republican
was the decades ago oh no it was in 2017
that she switched until 2017 she thought
Republicans who are absolutely right she
thought George W Bush was right
apparently Mitch McConnell Paul Ryan jeb
Hensarling Dick Cheney she lives there
Dick Cheney a thought
Republicans are awesome she she wasn't
just a Republican voter she was in the
Republican Party she was a former House
Minority Leader until 2017 as part of
the Republican Party she signed up for
that here let me give you more from
about her she voted no on Obamacare
implementation in Hawaii we're done with
that
in Hawaii I mean along with Rhode Island
competitor for the the most progressive
state in the whole country you're gonna
send somebody Congress who voted no on
Obamacare implementation no Obamacare is
bad again she was a Republican so of
course you voted that way she agrees
with all those Republicans this is she
says well now there it went a little too
far no Republicans didn't go a little
too far and they didn't just do it
they've been way way too far for a
decade after decade and you know that in
Hawaii and but my favorite about her is
she said that same-sex marriage was
quote the greatest concern for my
generation oh well okay she's a
millennial I think some people will say
oh that's exciting young candidate and
so look at least she's right on some
issues right written really concerned
about same-sex no she was against
same-sex marriage in 2013 she voted
against it and said that it was the
greatest concern of her generation to
make sure that it never happens Hawaii
you would send this person to represent
you the most progressive voters in the
country is gonna send this person well
it took till 2013 to figure out that not
only was same-sex marriage was not a bad
thing that it wasn't the worst thing
there is but wait till you get a load of
Doug chin so I mean this is a murderer's
row of horrific conservative candidates
that have no business representing
Hawaii
so don't chin now is known a little bit
for opposing Donald Trump while in
Hawaii but that's a layup
anybody could oppose Donald Trump that's
the easiest thing
world but what do you actually stand for
again on the issue of same-sex marriage
I'm gonna go to a video here now it's an
old video it's from the 90s so I'm
giving you a fair context for it but
understand like Fukumoto until 2013 he
was still against same-sex marriage not
1993 not 2003 he was against it all the
way to 2013 also a former Republican so
get a load of how much he couldn't stand
the idea of gay people loving each other
this is a sermon that he gave to think
that you know better than the creator of
the universe on how to deal with your
family
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh buhbuh buhbuh buhbuh
buhbuh buhbuh buhbuh my family taught me
something different my family taught me
something different from what the Bible
teaches well okay the Bible is right
your family is wrong
is there any shame in that okay what's
so bad about that God is right your
family's wrong is there anything brother
that's fine okay let's do something
constructive with that amen
no there is shame in that so if a family
member is gay you're gonna tell them or
you're gonna scream at them God is right
and your family's wrong what's wrong
with that he asks well there's a lot
wrong with that and if you can't see
that that is deeply problematic I don't
know if he's ever switched on same-sex
marriage or Appice switched on in a day
ago or a year ago
I dunno until 2013 he was totally
against it now there's a lot of people
because they'd like to win in Hawaii
pretending to be progressive oh yeah
yeah I'm super progressive I kind of
don't like Donald Trump I decided a
little bit later I did that I don't love
every one of his policies hey why you
want to vote for me no no no these are
former Republicans is so now but this is
the capper you're thinking about Doug
chin okay he is also a former lobbyist
who tari lobby for correction
Corporation of America now known as core
Civic private prisons did you know
private prisons arrest and incarcerate a
Native Hawaiians at higher rates how
much money did he take from them a
hundred thousand dollars and then he
became Attorney General of Hawaii and
I'm sure in a shocking coincidence core
Civic received forty five million dollar
annual contract for private prisons in
Hawaii look I don't know that anyone can
show for a hundred percent certainty
that he takes a hundred thousand dollars
from to be a lobbyist for private
prisons and then all of a sudden they
get forty five million dollar contract
maybe it's a coincidence do you want a
private prison lobbyist who got paid to
lock up his fellow citizens right or
wrong and if you don't think those
private prisons care about their profit
motive and they care about justice
cut of your head examined now okay they
don't care if you're guilty or not
guilty they get paid on incarcerated you
and this guy got paid to represent them
and the most progressive state in the
Union is gonna send a private prison
lobbyist to Congress hell no no no if
you live in Hawaii you have got to get
out there and vote in the primary it is
coming up in fact you can start voting
right now you have got to get into this
fight right now okay so look I'll give
you right now two different things
you're doing that I'm going to show you
a clip of Kahn yellow egg so you get a
sense of who he is so number one you can
do justice Democrats calm slash Kanye
Lange that is a way to for him to hire
staffers so that he could coordinate the
volunteers because other guys I don't
know if they got any volunteers they got
a lot of corporate money I don't know if
they have any volunteers Cannella has
volunteers and I and by the way you can
volunteer from all across the country
making phone calls is the most important
thing to do it and and the elections
right now people are mailing in balance
right now you've got so get on the
phones you progressives all across the
country you could make a difference
don't let conservatives take Hawaii
that's insane so the person who's going
to help him was Allison Harsin she ran
for office here in California now she's
been going around the country helping
fellow progressives she helped Alexandra
Acosta Cortez she's in Hawaii right now
helping Conn yelling go volunteer
through Allison Hartson comm slash now
Allison Hartson DICOM slash now
volunteers the most important thing for
these uncorrupted Kennedy's so now all
the other three are unbelievably
conservative how about Cohn yella well
in the middle of a debate they asked
them should you work with Republicans
and reach across the aisle now the other
three you know their answer oh oh we
reach out to the Republicans that's how
we're gonna get things done here was
cannulas answer bipartisanship in
Congress like let's not kid ourselves I
don't think any of us on this panel can
sit across from Donald Trump and hash
out something that'll actually work for
working people in Hawaii maybe we could
tap in some few things in infrastructure
spending but it won't be to compromise
it
through fighting vigorously and fiercely
for working people and that's what we
need I mean look at Affordable Care Act
Obamacare great a lot of people rely on
it but we made 40 Republican amendments
for what zero Republican votes and then
and then after that compromise they come
in there and say that's your position
here's our position even though we
already compromised it let's stop
getting had by Republicans to start
leading with an affirmative vision so
when we're saying like like restore net
neutrality we should go bold in that we
should say public broadband high-speed
across the nation we shouldn't just say
protect ACA we should say Medicare for
all now and not just affordable housing
but housing for all if we can afford
three million-dollar condos in Kakaako
we can afford the house all of us here
in Hawaii scarcity is a political choice
we need the will to take it I love what
he sent it down there scarcity is a
political choice so when they want to
find one-and-a-half trillion dollars in
tax cuts for Donald Trump OBO sudden
they find it right away
when they wanted to find three to five
trillion dollars in tax cuts for george
w bush not only did they find it right
away but Ed case helped them find it but
then when you say hey let's provide
homes in Hawaii or let's provide
healthcare in Hawaii all of a sudden a
job it's scarcity I choose not to give
it to the people of Hawaii
they keep choosing to give to the
richest people in the country and to
their donors but not to the people of
Hawaii
Kanye laying is right scarcity is a
political choice he's right
all the three of them want to work with
Republicans to over war Republicans the
other one voted with the Republicans
non-stop and what did we get we got
nothing back we got no compromise from
the Republicans you're getting 40
amendments on Obamacare and got no votes
how about we fight instead Hawaii I am
so proud of the state for being one of
the most progressive states Bernie
Sanders want crushing victories there
Tulsi gabbard's an amazing
representative from Hawaii you deserve
someone as progressive as you to fight
for you that's Conn yelling get in the
fight right now
all right back on young turks just two
quick comments for you guys Genki nana
with you guys captain jiggle pants right
sent TYT should do an event in hawaii
get the message out get crowds force the
media to cover it make noise we should
do an event in hawaii i am top reporter
for that event i will be there
no what look Anna's willing to make
sacrifices you know take one for the
team
look I would have loved him gonna to the
rallies in Kansas I would love to go to
Hawaii input to you but putting the
other events is very expensive I want to
make sure con yelling spending all this
time and effort on getting volunteers to
call and every person in that district
knock on their doors that's how you
could be big money and in terms of us I
mean we're also doing this but I
appreciate the idea and look get
involved please volunteer through
Allison Hart CENTCOM slash now to help
con yella Inge in Hawaii it makes all
the difference and anyway it's okay I'm
gonna read one more comment here it's
from YouTube super chat Whitney Nelson
says I joined TYT because of Anna after
the last post game I wanted her to know
she has an enormous impact on my views
don't let the back to bad actors get you
down when you inspire so many like me
love to you and everyone at TYT thank
you it's really sweet thank you Whitney
it really appreciated in today's post
game by the way we are going to discuss
the reporter CNN reporter who got kicked
out of covering Donald Trump we have
that in the show but in the postgame I
want to give you some facts about her
you might not know and introduce a fun
conspiracy theory we we're not like the
right wing we're kidding around about
the conspiracy theories but but it is
it's an interesting note where she came
from
right so tea y-t-dot-com slash joined
and become a member and yet the post
games alright Anna what's up a breaking
news story from yesterday indicated that
congressional Republicans were planning
on impeaching Rod Rosenstein now he is
the Deputy Attorney General and he is
serving as the Deputy Attorney General
after Jeff Sessions recused himself
following
information indicating that he had
contact with Russians that he did not
disclose now this all has to do with the
special counsel and the investigation
into Russian meddling and Trump's
alleged obstruction of justice
congressional Republicans hate this
Trump hates this and so one of the
things that's been abundantly clear is
that Trump wants to get rid of Bob
Muller and the way you get rid of Muller
is by having an attorney general or
Deputy Attorney General who's willing to
fire him he's the only one who could do
that
rod Rosenstein has been clear in his
refusal to do that so this is my
speculation but there's reason to
believe that these congressional
Republicans want to get rid of
Rosenstein so they can replace him with
someone who would be willing to fire
Muller
now that's barely speculation I mean
they've said over and over again that
they don't think that they they should
be doing the investigation so this whole
thing's a fig leaf to say oh yeah oh I'm
worried he's not turning over documents
I want him to tell me in the middle of
an active investigation what
specifically they are so we can leak
them so the reasoning that these
congressional Republicans get for
wanting to impeach him is completely
bogus and we will prove it on the show
today no journalists for as far as I've
seen has discussed whether there's any
validity to the claims that these
congressional Republicans are making but
we looked into it and we will give you
the details on that in just a minute
now Mark Meadows who was one of the
leaders in pushing for articles of
impeachment has changed his tune a
little today so first I want you to hear
from representative mark meadows himself
and then we will give you more details
really for nine months we've asked for
documents and and that's all we want are
the documents and what we found is not
only have subpoenas been ignored but
information has been hidden the efforts
have been stonewalled and I guess for us
is all about transparency so the
American people can judge for themselves
and so you know they may be able to
ignore Congress but they can't ignore
the American people so that was what he
was alleging earlier he was clear that
he wanted to move forward with the
impeachment however he's changing his
tune a little today
representative mark Meadows is tabeling
his efforts to impeach Deputy Attorney
General rod Rosenstein after having
meetings with Republican leadership
stating that he would instead pursue
contempt if the Justice Department does
not turn over documents Congress is
seeking okay so the allegation is
they're not cooperating with Congress
they need to hand over documents that we
want except they don't have to do that
okay
now later we're gonna hear from Paul
Ryan who says that they are cooperating
even though they don't need to but just
to be abundantly clear on this let's go
to graphic 49 the special counsel is not
charged with providing a public
accounting of his work the results of a
criminal investigation are typically
publicly revealed only if a prosecutor
brings criminal charges and presents
evidence in court to prove those charges
now judicial precedent this is based on
you know rulings in the courts suggest a
possible path for Congress to obtain
access to that evidence at the
conclusion of the special counsels
investigation historically the Justice
Department has not provided to Congress
investigate investigative investigative
files concerning open investigations
even in response to subpoenas for two
principal reasons so I'm gonna get into
the reasons really quickly before you
jump in jank first under the Federal
Rule of Criminal Procedure Justice
Department attorneys have a strictly
legal obligation to protect the
confidentiality of matters concerning
before the grand jury second the
attorneys have a broader duty to protect
the integrity of ongoing investigations
and to prevent congressional pressures
from influencing the course of an
investigation Department participation
in publicity about facts under
investigation could also jeopardize any
indictments that may be filed possibly
leading to dismissal so those are the
facts but even so it appears based on
what Paul Ryan has said that the special
counsel and rod Rosenstein have been
cooperating with Congress even the hope
they don't really need to so the
congressional Republicans say hey listen
I I have subpoena power so I want your
materials so period and the discussion
you need to comply with my subpoena so
if you stop paying attention at that
point you might think oh well Congress
does have subpoena powers but can they
subpoena anything they want the answer
is no now Ana just explained to you I'll
put it in layman's terms right so okay
so for example maybe they're
investigating someone who turns out to
be innocent but you got and everything
that goes to Congress gets leaked just
keep it real that's the and they're
planning to leak if that's the whole
point right so so the if it's damaging
so they could start countering it ahead
of time if it's exculpatory to
immediately leak that to the press these
are politicians you know how they are
and by the way both sides will leak if
they have access to it the Republicans
will leak and the Democrats will leak
and they'll make it political that's the
whole point of this so-called you know
look into evidence and we want to know
but you know at the end of the
investigation if you know in the middle
and then you start leaking stuff and
then they don't ever charge the guy in
this case it's Trump if they don't
charge Trump but the Democrats start
leaking information about him
that seems damaging well that's not fair
to Trump in this case well the other
possibility is also very real hair
now imagine they're investigating
someone you care about a family member
they're looking into your dad you love
your dad when you go okay then I'm in
Congress so what I want to subpoena your
investigation of my dad and then I want
to destroy that investigation by leaking
anything that's to my advantage every
rational person would say no you're not
allowed to do that and the law says
you're not allowed to do that right
in this case Trump's their daddy and
they will do anything for him so they
are abusing the the subpoena power here
which they have no right to but they
just play this political theater here
and pretend to be the victims which is
of course conservative 101 you want to
know what a Conservatives gonna do
they're gonna cry and they're gonna say
oh my god the Justice Department will
not give us things that we have no right
to by the way in this case the Justice
Department is Republican Ron roses fine
is Republican again for the most part
based on what Paul Ryan is saying
cooperating with congressional
Republicans so look what is really going
on here so do these Republican lawmaker
genuinely care about Trump do they
really think Trump is a good guy a smart
person a good leader no what they do
care about is the political
ramifications of not speaking out
against this investigation so I'll give
you an example right now Paul Ryan is
not seeking re-election he will no
longer be House speaker as a result of
that so Republicans need to find a new
House speaker and a bunch of people are
putting in their bids right we have
Steve Scalise who wants to be a house
Speaker we have Kevin McCarthy who wants
to be House Speaker and we have you know
other lawmakers who are considering
doing this Jim Jordan is putting his
name in the Hat as well now they know
that in order to get voted get the
support of the house freedom caucus they
need to support Trump and go after the
special counsel go after the Russia
investigation and that is that exactly
what we're seeing so let's hear from Jim
Jordan who you know is puffing up his
chest and trying to be a warrior against
this Russia investigation we've sent
numerous letters to rod roses time they
haven't complied with two subpoenas they
haven't complied with we've caught the
Department of Justice hiding information
redact the information that they should
not have redacted we know that rod Rosa
Stein threatened House Committee Intel
staffers threatened them chilling impact
when they were trying to do their job
our job of getting doing the
constitutional oversight we're supposed
to do and we all know what the Justice
Department did with the dossier never
forget rod Rosa Stein signed the third
renewal signed that which was which was
based on the dossier which we know came
parts of it came from Bruce or high rank
official through his wife Nellie the
whole the whole ordeal so we're tired of
the Justice Department giving us the
finger and not giving us the information
we are entitled to do to do our
constitutional duty more importantly the
American people are sick of it so I want
to quickly rebut everything that he said
there because he just flat-out lied
about a number of different things first
of all just a quick point again he is
puffing up his chest much like Steve
Scalise is in regard to this
investigation and trying to impeach rod
Rosen side also the whole FISA debate
that's going on right so he just said
rod Rosen signs signed that FISA warrant
okay
but that FISA warrant was approved by a
judge and each FISA warrant that got
extended right or the FISA warrant that
continued getting extended were it was
extended by a judge who found probable
cause they're talking about the FISA
warrant on Carter page Carter page it
says in the affidavit it's over 400
pages long confirmed by everyone who
investigated it including all the
Republicans in the Justice Department of
investigated and including every single
judge was a foreign agent for the
Russian government so that's why they
did a warrant they're like well we have
a foreign agent working in one of the
major campaigns and by the way it could
be that Carter page was working by
himself for the Russian government and
maybe even against Trump so of course
they get a warrant because they know
he's they suspected he's a foreign agent
they have probable cause you get a
warrant it might be that that you're
protecting the campaign from having a
Russian agent inside of it so there's no
bias here at all it's total nonsense
they just say oh you by definition he
did a FISA warrant against someone
inside the Trump campaign so he must be
guilty
that's not logic that's just
partisanship and they want to appeal to
the house freedom caucus to ensure that
they will get the support necessary to
be the house speaker so again that was
the case with Jim Jordan another
representative is Steve Scalise and I
want to read you his statement in regard
to this whole ordeal let's go to graphic
19 he says I would meaning I would vote
in favor of impeachment because right
now Rosenstein has not done his job in
complying with Congress not true if he
wants to comply and turn over the
documents we won't have this
conversation but if he's not going to do
the job that he's required to do he's
not required to hand anything over and
comply with the subpoenas from Congress
there are other tools that we have to
use and what they're referring to there
is contempt they are going to pursue him
and say that he is in contempt so the
house freedom caucus is filled with
maniacs these thirty incredible
right-wingers who say no Trump's right
about everything I don't care I don't
care just fire everyone who might
investigate Trump and the leader of that
group along with Mark Meadows is Jim
Jordan he's the one that actually put
together the this insane idea to impeach
a fellow Republican Rob
Rosenstein deputy attorney general for
doing his job by the way one of the
things that he mentioned that 5:00 clip
was oh he's threatened other prosecutors
yeah he's like you are not allowed to
give evidence that we are compiling in
an active and open investigation to
political hacks who was then Lincoln of
course you're not allowed to do that
right so he's done his job so look at me
giving credit to a Republican for doing
his job okay so now these extreme right
wingers like Jim Jordan they go oh no no
hey Scalise and Scalise is also crazy in
his own right but he's not a part of the
leadership of the house freedom caucus
and Senator Scalise all these other guys
don't work come here just because you
know Pro Trump is we are at robbed
robbed Ron Trump and what do they do
like that we're not gonna support you
anyway we're just gonna have run Jim
Jordan so the Scalise isn't gonna get
their vote all those other guys aren't
gonna get their vote they're just gonna
back Jim Jordan cuz he's the biggest
maniac of them all and by the way as he
runs for Speaker of the House look I
didn't make a big deal on this we
covered it you can go see our video on
it
this guy's accused of covering up sexual
sexual assault when he was a wrestling
coach in Ohio State look I got mixed
feelings about that case it was a long
time ago he didn't do it it was it was a
doctor and and and the hill by the way
now the media the way that they work
with the Republicans is maddening now in
the hill story they said some of the
students came out and said Jim Jordan
did not know about the abuse yeah that's
true
and some of the students came out and
said he didn't know he told us that he
knew but the hill didn't even write that
they're so conservative it's
unbelievable so they're covering for Jim
Jordan so look if you say hey look I
don't know where to come out on that Jim
Jordan story I hear you cuz that's cuz
you're a fair person okay or you say I
do know where to come out on and he
covered up for that and there's so many
of those students who said yes
he definitely knew right but think about
if it was the shoes on the other foot
oh we know if there was a Democrat who
might be Speaker of the House and they
were accused of covering up a child sex
scandal a real one okay what do you
think they would do every ad in the
country yes
every Democrat would be the this
Democrat wants this child abusing
supporting cover-up monster to be the
Speaker of the House yeah but hey
Republicans are really really sensitive
you don't want to trigger them they need
their safe space because they will cry
and cry and cry go liberal media why
won't you report our illegal requests
from the Justice Department from our own
Justice Department that we appointed
exactly why won't you let us do these
political hatchet jobs exactly well
we're not gonna let you get away with it
right now to give you shockingly some
voices of reason in response to all of
this we have a Paul Ryan and Jeff
Sessions standing by Rosenstein and so I
want to go to Ryan first and pay close
attention to what he says about people
complying with what Congress wants do I
support impeachment of rod Rosen signed
no I do not I do not for a number of
reasons first it takes it I don't I
don't think we should be cavalier with
this process or with this term number
one number two I don't think that this
rises the level of high crimes and
misdemeanors so I have a really high
standard number three we since I got
involved I've been and have been getting
a lot of compliance from DOJ on the
documentary quest we do not have full
compliance and we have to get full
compliance but we've been making
tremendous progress to that point so
three things there number one
he's like giving us everything you've
given us a lot of documents that's the
leader the Republicans in the house
saying that right
number two is he says does this rise to
high crimes and misdemeanors that's what
you impeach people for you didn't allow
us to look into your active
investigation which is the correct
interpretation of the law that's a high
crime and misdemeanor and point number
three is is like let's not be cavalier
in this process you know what that means
he's like knuckleheads you go and
impeach rod Rosenstein and on nothing
well you just set a precedent that we
could impeach people based on very very
little that's right so if the Democrats
can control the house they wouldn't do
anything let's go
the corporate Democrats will do nothing
we'll just slide down go kidding about
the resistance but the rent they could
use that precedent go hey you just
impeach your own Deputy Attorney General
over nothing wait till you see what we
got on Trump
so Paul Ryan's like you idiots no we do
not want to go down this road as
Republicans so let's also hear from Jeff
Sessions my deputy rod Rosen Stein is
highly capable I have the highest
confidence in him you probably know not
only did he go to the Wharton School of
Business but I graduated from Harvard
right here on in this area so what I
would like Congress to do is to focus on
some of the legal challenges that are
out there we need Congress to deal with
the immigration question there are
loopholes in our laws that are being
exploited we need to get them focused
and we pleading with them to do so our
job and our enforcement officer job so
far more difficult than they need to be
common-sense legislation can make a big
difference that's where I'd like to see
them focus their time obviously but
leave it to Jeff Sessions to like make
you a little happy by saying something
reasonable and then immediately punch
you in the face with his nonsense yeah
no but that goes to the point we're
making which is look Paul Ryan's not a
good guy
yeah he's given everything to the rich
and now he wants to cut Social Security
and Medicare Jeff Sessions a terrible
guy he says like I don't want him doing
this basically what is in essence a
witch hunt funny enough right
instead I want them cracking down on
immigrants let's go back to Republican
101 we hate immigrants can you pass me a
law that says that so I can crack down
on them even tougher none of these guys
are remotely moderate let alone
progressive or anything like that there
are deep right-wingers and they're
saying of course you shouldn't impeach
him over this this is so stupid
finally on a super side note I am amused
that now apparently there is one sign of
credibility and and I get this online
from time to time they're like well you
called Donald Trump's stupid well you
didn't go to a school like Wharton
you're right I didn't go to a school
like Wharton I went to Wharton so
apparently the new Republican
ideology is if Rosa Stein and Trump went
to Wharton it must be awesome and anyone
who enters really smart I'll take it
alright so let's take a break when we
come back the whole debacle involving a
CNN reporter getting banned from
covering the White House you're right in
the middle of this podcast we've got
another great segment coming up for you
if you'd like to full show which is
actually five segments go to TYT Network
comm / join you become a member you
support the show you support independent
media and you get the whole to our show
ad free every day let's go do it all
right back on a Young Turks jenkin Ana
with you Adam Sean Taylor with a really
nice tweet today I'm 25 I've been
watching since I was 17 years old
last week I became a Wolfpack volunteer
and my final in classes on how to get an
article five convention I love it and
all thanks to jenkin Ana who will
forever be a huge influence of my life
much love well thank you Adam that is
very very nice of you we appreciate it
look I know some of you guys grew up
with us one that makes me feel old but -
that's amazing and thank you for sharing
a part of your lives with us we do
greatly appreciate it and you know we
all do this together
we're not the Young Turks you're the
Young Turks so let's do one more thing
together let's have a little bit of fun
here for today the streamys would be
great to win this these awards the Young
Turks and news
you have to nominate us so if you could
nominate us that would be amazing the
main site overall is streamys dot org
slash fans if you and you write in the
Young Turks and then you select the
category of news right in True North and
select the category of overall
documentary and you're seeing the TYT
comm handles on those as well if you
want to use those right in the breakdown
and choose pop culture's the category
and murder with friends and the category
is nonfiction series so if you could do
that that would be amazing and we would
greatly appreciate it
we have 120 Awards here almost all
because of you guys so and we get to put
in our you know look different
you know decks and stuff award-winning
Young Turks guys are awesome alright
what's next
alright a CNN reporter was punished by
Trump administration officials for
asking questions that Donald Trump did
not appear to like Caitlin Collins is
the name of the CNN reporter and a white
she's a White House correspondent for
CNN and she said that she was called
into the West Wing and chastised by
administration officials for what they
deemed inappropriate questions that she
had asked of Trump during an oval office
photo opportunity she was quoted as
saying they did not like the questions I
asked President Trump about the news of
the day now
other reporters who experience the
interaction said that she didn't do
anything out of the ordinary she did
what most journalists do when they ask
the president a question during a
situation like this but to give you a
sense of how it all went down there is
of course video footage of her asking
these questions let's take a look at
that
are you on the other tapes thank you
everybody thank you very much
separately
okay so well it's not a couple of things
here so they said that their three
complaints about her was it was
inappropriate questions I don't know
what in the world could be inappropriate
about those questions Michael combs in
the news it's an enormous part of the
news cycle around Donald Trump there's
tapes of him talking about paying off
for his mistress that nothing could be
more newsworthy about a president do you
imagine if about Obama had done likewise
and someone asked him mr. president why
did you pay off your mr. she didn't even
say that rudely right she didn't she
just asked about Michael COEs tapes I
literally can't think of a more relevant
question in the news cycle there was
nothing rude I mean she was not rude in
asking those like he didn't like the
questions which was evident in the
expression on his face as those
questions were being asked like it
that's why I was kind of laughing when
we came back from the video because was
like yeah because he's a child
you don't like the president though and
it is a reporter's duty to hold a person
in a position of power accountable for
his actions like the second quest the
question was about Putin you invited him
to Washington he chose not to come so I
mean I what else do you ask a president
if Obama might ask the leader of China
to come and he had said no or he changed
his mind you'd ask him about that
there's nothing more appropriate and
relevant okay number two was they said
she was too loud you guys just saw the
tape everybody was loud
there was I mean like she was closer to
the mic so we heard her slightly more
clear but there was a cacophony of noise
in there I mean then I guess everyone
should be banned because everybody was
too loud right and then the third thing
they said is that she wouldn't leave the
room you saw her in the room with
everyone else right it's on tape it's
right there every they're asking
everybody to leave right it's not like
everyone had left and she's the only one
there and chained herself to the desk
right everyone is slow to leave because
everyone wants to ask questions they're
their reporters that's what they want to
do but she eventually left she didn't
get into some sort of physical
altercation or verbal altercation with
anyone
and so she was shocked to find that the
administration officials have called her
into an office and essentially told her
you are not allowed to cover a Trump
event that's open to reporters later
today so let's hear from Caitlin Collins
herself she recounts this whole
situation in the next clip then later I
was called into the office of Bill
Cheyne the president's latest hire who
is his right-hand man for communications
it was him and the press secretary Sarah
Sanders who told me that I would not be
invited to an open press event here in
the Rose Garden moments later at the
White House because they thought the
questions that I posed to President
Trump were inappropriate and
inappropriate for that venue okay so as
soon as I saw this it broke right after
we finished the show yesterday and I
thought hmm this is a little extra I
wonder what's going on here and then and
then I saw bill shines name in one of
the articles like boom of course that's
what happened so bill Cheyne used to
work at Fox News he's all the top
executives there I he was involved in
the scandals there etc he left now he's
the newly appointed deputy chief of
staff communications this got bill Shine
written all over it so as soon as I saw
that I was like Bing that's the answer
now some people say he might have just
been doing Trump's bidding because Trump
as you saw on the tape was so mad he
might have just told him I don't care
ban her but mr. president's not a good
idea
I don't care banner that does sound like
Trump so that's certainly possible as
well but this is a Fox News maneuver
right and and now to be fair to Fox they
are now standing with CNN's reporter but
this is old school Roger Ailes bill
shine Fox News thing we punish our
opponents you asked the wrong question
not only am i punishing you I'm sending
a message hey everybody else you better
watch yourself because if you ask
questions we don't like maybe somehow
you lose access and then you can't your
do your job as the person covering the
White House if you don't have any access
you can't cover the White House you just
lost a great job this is a shot across
the bow and it has bill Shine written
all over it and by the way later you
find out as she just explained yeah she
got called into his office he's the one
that led this so let's hear from bill
shine I mean he's gotten a lot of
backlash as a result of this and here's
what he has to say about it when you ask
are we ever used the word
prohibited her with you you ask her
focus now
you know why don't you just tell us what
you allegedly said to her if you didn't
use the word ban no that was great it
was it's both cocky and shows his
ignorance all in one fell swoop it's
such a fair question oh you say you
didn't use the word ban I'm a reporter
you're coming out to clarify cuz you're
mad at how I'm covering it so I'm gonna
do the most natural thing no um okay
great and I'm actually doing you a favor
how do you want me to cover it what
actually happened what was the word that
you use I'm not gonna tell you you
should ask her first okay God right I
got it so you told her that she couldn't
come maybe you didn't use the word band
but you said prohibited or you're not
allowed what difference does it make and
you just revealed it by saying that you
won't tell us exactly so I also want to
of course point out to the fact that
Trump himself has been very aggressive
in going after media outlets
specifically CNN who he believes are
going after him and and criticizing him
too much now it's for me personally it's
hilarious that CNN is the news
organization that he targets the most
considering the fact that CNN goes out
of its way out of its way to be overly
fair to him and what I mean by that is
they don't they try to pretend like they
don't have any type of bias they're
neutral meaning if Republicans are
caught doing something wrong they won't
say it it far too often they'll go ahead
and defer to the Republican side of the
story and then just kind of let the
viewers decide Oh who's telling the
truth we don't want to appear like we
have a bias they're so afraid of
offending the president that they've
gone further to the right if you watch
any of their content so it in fact can I
just say Anna
I mean look Kaitlyn Kansai supporter
completely in this situation and I
support CNN in this situation it's about
freedom of the press overall but Kaitlyn
Collins comes from the Daily Caller
which is a massively right-wing blog so
I mean we'll talk more about that in the
postgame TYT calm slice join become a
member get all of our shows including
the postgame I want to talk about that
so I'm not criticizing her for it but
here's CNN reaching out to a pretty
disreputable blog on the website that's
massively right-wing
to get a reporter and then does it work
no and by the way again I'm not
criticizing Caitlyn college ask good
tough questions that a reporter should
write but did it work in appeasing the
right way no it never works he calls you
an enemy of the people anyway exactly
and and you know to go to graphic 25 it
just really drive this point home at a
rally on Tuesday Trump encouraged his
supporters to ignore coverage of his
administration saying what you're seeing
and what you're reading is not what's
happening he hates when journalists do
their jobs he hates them and he has been
attacking the media incessantly ever
since he came as before you came into
office as he was campaigning he doesn't
like any negative press even though he
is deserving of negative press I mean I
don't know that there's anything more
Orwellian then don't believe you're what
you see he just literally said don't
believe what you see what are you gonna
believe me or your lying eyes hey it's
the most brazen thing I've ever seen in
my life
and the reason the right-wing does not
like anything that brings you
information is because they would like
to replace it with their propaganda they
don't want you to learn the truth that's
why they are against the media that's
why they are guess universities and
professors that's why they're against
scientists and so it's not at all
surprising but to be fair and give
credit where credit is due all the rest
of the media backed Caitlyn Collins
which is great including Fox News
including their new head of Fox News and
their chief political correspondent Bret
Baier yes so credit to all of them for
doing the right thing yes and quick clip
from Bret Baier showing his solidarity
with Collins take a look as a member of
the White House press pool Fox stands
firmly with CNN on this issue of access
so far no response from the White House
okay I'm amused by his kerchief but
other than that way to go Brett it's the
right thing to do
yeah yeah okay and look it's a nice it's
in some ways a layup for Fox News
because they don't want to get banned
under Democratic presidents but still
when you do the right thing you should
be applauded for it exactly
all right well there's one person who is
unwilling to do the right thing so let's
get to him following news of White House
officials retaliating against a CNN
reporter by the name of Caitlin Collins
for asking Donald Trump tough questions
a number of members of the press came
out in support of Collins they said that
they've stood in solidarity with Collins
the president of Fox News said that you
know Fox as an organization stands
behind Collins even Bret Baier covered
this on his show and said that he
supported Collins and disagreed with
what the Trump administration did there
was one person who rent a robe by the
way and that person is Lou Dobbs who is
one of the anchors on FOX Business so he
actually agreed with what Donald Trump
did and and we have a video to prove it
so let's hear from Lou Dobbs CNN issued
a statement saying in part quote this
decision to bar a member of the press is
retaliatory in nature and not indicative
of an open and free press we demand
better I guess my question would be who
the hell are you alright the President
does insist on respect now that's what
that's what the White House has to put
up with are you kidding me
anyway all I have to say about that is
it's about time there were consequences
for disrespectful behavior in the White
House okay so there's Lou Dobbs saying
she was being disrespectful it's about
time a president retaliates against that
form of disrespect unacceptable I stand
by the president that is what Lou Dobbs
is saying that he's very clear very
clear however he did not have the same
standards for our former President
Barack Obama no really so let me let me
set up this situation for you okay so
back in 2012 Obama is giving a speech
and there was a right-wing reporter who
decided to start interrupting him as
he's giving this speech so to be clear
this situation is different from what
Caitlin Collins experienced Caitlin
Collins was in a chaotic Oval Office
situation where she was you know
basically questioning the president and
was denied any answers but it wasn't as
if Trump was in the middle of giving a
speech in this case back in 2012 neil
munro formerly of the Daily Caller drew
a lot of attention when he tried to ask
barack obama several questions on
immigration in the middle of his address
and so here is how it all went down we
have video of it take a look it is the
it is the right thing to do
excuse me sir uh it's not time for
questions sir not while I'm speaking and
the answer to your question sir and the
next time I prefer you let me finish my
statements before you ask that question
is this is the right thing to do for the
American people
baby guy I didn't I didn't ask for an
argument I'm answering your question it
is the right thing to do for the
American people and here's why here's
the reason okay so I want to explain the
context of how reporters normally
conduct themselves okay so I you know
that we The Young Turks we're for more
aggressive reporting and and we hope the
journalists are more aggressive over all
right so but you do need some degree of
decorum so if you don't let the
president speak at all then that's
counterproductive and so but when there
when it is time for questions you should
go as hard as you can so if that same
guy Neal Monroe had asked the same exact
questions when it was time for questions
great and shout it screaming if you want
and and and there's nothing wrong with
this so in the context of of what
Caitlin Collins did she was representing
the whole TV industry because they they
pull reporters because you can't fit
everybody into that room so and they
take turns so sometimes it'll be NBC
sometimes it'll be Fox News and this
it was CNN and Katelyn Collins was the
pool reporter for all of television and
her job as soon as the event is over
like the others and you see it in the
tape the newspaper guys ask questions
and they shout out questions the TV guys
shout out questions that is exactly the
right way to do it that is the right
forum for it that's the right time for
it in the case of a president giving a
speech if all the reporters start asking
questions in the middle of the speech he
can't give the speech right and that's
what was happening no other reporter was
asking any questions there except Neal
Monroe back in 2012 so and so that's why
it was not the right context otherwise I
have no problems with his questions and
I don't care that he's right wing right
wing guests ask the questions just as
much as anybody does of course they
almost never allow any left wing people
into the White House whether it's
Obama's or Trump's but still I don't
care they're allowed to ask any
questions they like now the question is
we have the same exact standard did Lou
Dobbs have the same standard well you
would be shocked to find out that he did
not have the same standard and even
though Monroe was clearly interrupting
Obama during his speech here is what Lou
Dobbs said on his show he said quote
this is graphic 32 well the fact is
after he made his statement the
president took no questions okay let's
stop for a second he did answer his
question which was clear in the tape
that we showed you I don't know if you
had the opportunity to go on Twitter and
listen to the clucking of all the people
going it's against the decorum of the
White House and it's rude to the
president what's rude is the president
not speaking to the American people and
taking the questions of the White House
press it's amazing that like Lou Dobbs I
imagine unless he's gonna see now which
is possible but or never really had a
mind to begin with but like he's got to
know 2012 was not 1982 it's just six
years ago that he said about Obama like
yeah of course you should interrupt the
president it's rude not to interrupt him
then he turns around now and goes how
dare they ask of course he didn't even
interrupt Trump she didn't interrupt
Trump at all right how dare she asked a
question it's about time there was
consequences for rudeness like that how
do you say that with any degree of
conscience but that's the answer is he
doesn't have a conscience
these guys who support Trump
unquestioningly have no shame at all so
that is 100% hypocrisy it is hypocrisy
and I I think that the primary reason
why that hypocrisy exists is is you know
the partisanship and his support for
Trump versus his disdain for Obama so
I'm not trying to minimize that I think
that that's front center of his
reasoning right but I also wonder if I
wonder if the gender of the person
asking the questions also either
consciously or subconsciously plays a
role because Lou Dobbs is just from a
different time right when you don't have
women aggressively asking a man in a
position of power questions about his
conduct or you know controversies and I
don't know I just I thought that that
was interesting because I I'm naive in a
lot of cases I don't really think about
my gender and how it impacts me when I'm
asking someone a question or if I'm
going after someone aggressively in in a
story that we're doing but like recently
I've become more and more aware that you
know when a male colleague does the same
thing it's strength but when a woman
does it it gets it gets you know
misconstrued as something completely
different so I'm just wondering I'm just
throwing that out there okay but but I
look let me add to that because there's
a confluence of factors and it's we
don't live in the same black and white
world that the right wing does like it's
either sexism or it's not sexism it's
either great or it's terrible right so
maybe that's a part of the influence of
Lou Dobbs other things that matter or
well publication you're from right and
so it's CNN so the whole press rallies
around them by the way when Obama once
did two different things he didn't sit
down for a Sunday interview with Chris
Wallace when he was doing two other
Sunday shows which is every right to do
if you choose whoever he's gonna get
interviewed by but one time he did do
something wrong in my opinion
they banned Fox News from getting
interviewed in a pool reporter situation
similar not exactly the same but similar
to Caitlin Collins and in which case I
don't think that was right see we're
actually honest about that but and then
everybody rallied around Fox News part
of it is because these guys who work on
cable news think I might one day work
for CNN I might one day work for
and they have some solidarity but
overall it's a good thing they have
solidary but when Jorge Ramos was asking
tough questions of Trump in a perfectly
appropriate setting after he was done
speaking
they did not rally around Jorge Ramos
hmm and and and I remember a lot of the
cable news guys coming out and going
well at that seemed a bit rude the way
Ramos was aggressively asking questions
so it depends on your publication the
Daily Caller often times even though
they're conservative and oftentimes make
up stories right including right before
an election they clearly have an agenda
they don't admit their agenda and on top
of that I mean there are serious
significant charges about how they
fabricated news to try to affect
elections they are conservative so
generally more welcome in Washington
where as progressive outlets yeah I mean
what is there a single progressive
outlet represented in you know that
group of White House reporters a single
progressive but Washington despises
progressives in their worldview of
course they would answer what do you
mean MSNBC look at a Joe Scarborough
lifelong Republican but criticizes Trump
okay I mean and MSNBC filled to the rim
with corporate Democrats right and who
and almost all of them argued against
progressives like Bernie Sanders but in
their world really like how much more
look can we get than Joe Scarborough so
that gives you a sense of the different
playing field there is so that might
have been a factor there's a lot of
different factors that go into it the
one thing that is inescapable is lou
dobbs hypocrisy yeah right no matter why
he did it it's super clear that he
doesn't give a damn I don't like Obama
you're often all you like I love Trump I
will defend him no matter what you ask
him perfectly appropriate questions and
how dare you yeah alright we gotta take
a break when we come back more news
thanks for watching or listening to this
free version of The Young Turks podcast
you know that the full show is at TYT
Network com /join if you become a member
you're the full show ad free we love you
for watching or listening either way
there's gonna be a new free podcast
tomorrow you can keep
doing that but if you want to get the
full show ad free TYT Network comm slash
join
