twenty-seven-year-old paroled felon john
lee cowl was caught 24 hours after he
violently attacked Nia and Latifah
Wilson at the MacArthur BART station in
Oakland in a shockingly brutal attack
cowl slitting his throat and stabbed
Latifah before fleeing the scene only
Latifah survived the attack and John Lee
Cal had a long record from vandalism to
burglary theft trespassing weapons
charges grand theft auto shooting into a
dwelling felony assault and drug charges
but here's how this murders piece was
arrested judging from this recording you
think he was being arrested for tax
evasion again I'm not criticizing the
police for doing their job properly but
simply showing you that they're capable
of arresting suspects who are obviously
unstable and violent and possibly armed
calmly and professionally without
violently assaulting them unless they're
black and holding up an iPhone and their
grandmother's backyard or black and
listening to music in their own garage
or black and running away you get the
picture but the thing that bothers me in
this instance is how quickly the
authorities played the let's not rush to
conclusions card about attributing a
racial motive to the crime police say
they have not yet found any specific
evidence that the attack was racially
motivated this is laughable of course
the victims race and gender played a
part in this historically women if color
have taken the most of use and their
abusers often get away freely just look
at our Kelly
black women are the least appreciated
most marginalized community in the
United States and there's probably no
greater example of this than are Kelly's
treatment of black women there are six
different women mostly in their late
teens and early 20s who have been
recruited by the 50 year old singer to
live in his rented properties where he's
in control of all aspects of their lives
this dude married a 15 year old produced
an album titled age ain't nothing but a
number was acquitted of peeing on a 14
year old in a sex tape he made and still
thought yeah I should I should run a sex
cult now for a couple decades and not
only does he walk freely to this day but
when a campaign was launched against
them for these very clear and documented
instances of abuse he had the audacity
to release a 19-minute long confessional
tape titled I admit how poetic that
Kelly released this confessional while
manhunt for Nia Wilson's murderer was
still ongoing a confessional in which
our Kelly never really addresses the
women he has abused and even goes so far
as to frame pedophilia as a matter of
opinion
yeah and yes dude what the hell and look
I'm not keeping or white knighting here
it's just facts raping women of color
was basically institutionalized within
the foundations of this country and with
people of color not being able to trust
our broken criminal justice system this
sort of thing is notoriously
underreported to begin with so at least
let's set an example where the evidence
is overwhelming guys holy I'm a psalm
piker if this makes you mad please share
this video with your friends and please
don't forget to leave your thoughts in
the comment section below
also for more videos like this please
don't forget to join TYT membership and
download the TYT app the Android one is
coming soon and this has been the
breakdown
