thank you for watching or listening to
this free podcast of The Young Turks we
want to make sure that you get some
portion of the show every day but if you
want the full show which is actually
five segments come become a member and
support independent media as well TYT
Network comm sized joined meanwhile
enjoy the free podcast
hi everybody welcome to The Young Turks
I'm Ana Kasparian that's John iadarola
he's gonna do the show with me today I
will mm-hmm almost half of it
almost half of it yes our to is when
brett erlich joins in he will be leading
the second half of the show dear god
it's gonna be good it's gonna be good
Brett is I saw him like editing some
videos and he has a little bit too much
fun with that and I mean that in the
best possible way he he's a very
creative storyteller so I'm really
looking forward to it
so without further ado are you ready to
start the show okay yeah let's just jump
right into it by the way for those of
you who might have missed it and you
shouldn't have missed it because we
talked about it quite often
John has a new show that me it's not
really new anymore I've been doing it
for months right we literally start in
November but nobody knew about it until
like March but well I mean we were all
that yeah yeah it's the damage report
and it's available on YouTube TV and
some of the clips go up on YouTube at
youtube.com slash the damage report but
it's on YouTube TV Pacific 9:00 to 10:00
a.m.
obviously 12:00 to 1:00 every day
Eastern and we do a rundown of the most
important stories of the day politics
breaking news of all sorts we have tons
of amazing guests a lot of the big
progressive candidates and the primaries
Alexandra Cassavetes was on we had the
National Director of the DSA recently
we've had tons of great stop people Ben
Jealous is gonna be on the program on
Friday yeah kori Bush is on next Tuesday
so a lot of really great guests as well
all right that's great um all right so
let's get started with some of the
stories of the day and this next one is
indicative of what Trump does when
there's something that actually works to
his advantage and he wants to twist it
and further use it to his advantage
uh-huh today Donald Trump tweeted an
unsubstantiated claims regarding Russia
and how the Russian government is
attempting to help Democrats win in the
midterm elections so let me just read
you the tweet verbatim and then we'll
dissect it and give you what the reality
is he says quote I'm very
concerned that Russia will be fighting
very hard to have an impact on the
upcoming election well so far he's
correct based on the fact that no
president has been tougher on Russia
than me okay let's stop there let's stop
there okay no one has been tougher on
Russia than me if you can recall just
last week after his disastrous joint
press conference in Helsinki he was
asked by a reporter whether or not
Russia has been targeting targeting us
here in the United States and here's
what he had to say he said no thank you
Russia is not targeting us well okay so
let's read the rest of his tweet based
on the fact that no president has been
tougher on Russia than me they will be
pushing very hard for the Democrats
really well Vladimir Putin also spoke to
press about whether or not he wanted
Trump to win the general election what
did he have to say do you have a video
on that do you want to win the election
and did you direct any of your officials
to help him do that - nobody - yes I did
because he talked about bringing the
right us-russia relationship back to
normal just last week on the record
saying that he wanted Trump to win the
election and here's Trump today arguing
that Russia is going to meddle in the
midterm elections to help the Democrats
okay maybe maybe he's on to something
I mean you know any Russians that clever
he's on to reports indicating that there
are Democratic candidates who are doing
well in primaries and this is very
similar to what Trump did prior to the
general election in 2016 when he
believed that he was going to lose to
Hillary Clinton what did he say he
repeated over and over again that the
election was rigged
and so when he thinks he's gonna lose or
when he thinks right-wing politics are
not pulling well with the American
people he will claim that something's
been rigged in this case he's claiming
that that Russia
according to metal on the Democrats
behalf I mean it's absolutely ridiculous
and the only reason why I'm covering it
because who cares Trump says all sorts
of ridiculous things the only reason why
I'm covering it is because we know what
his base is like and we know that if he
plants that seed and Democrats do
perform well during the midterms their
reaction to it could be dangerous and
that's my only concern yeah and I mean
it's already done like based on this
tweet alone
what percentage of Republicans now will
argue ever you'll see the memes you'll
see the tweets that Russia is actually
working with the Democrats I mean is it
already 15% is it going to be 30% soon I
mean a third of Republicans still don't
think that Russia meddled in the 2016
election I'm not even talking about like
colluding with with Trump or anything I
mean were they involved at all like
depending on what day you talk to me
even Trump acknowledges let alone the
rest of his administration and
Republican senators and all that there
should be like one percent of the
country that doesn't acknowledge that it
happened at various points Trump is
actually in that group but now he's
actually twisted it around so it's the
Democrats and the thing is there there
are some people politicians and people
in media who report based on fantasies
that they have they think of the world
they wish they could report on and they
just do it so sean hannity last night
said muller should be investigating
hillary clinton for colluding with
russia because these people have no
attachment to reality whatsoever
they even sean hannity apparently seems
to be moving in the position of
acknowledging that Russia's doing
something at least but obviously he's
not going to talk about how they clearly
favor Donald Trump he's gonna turn it
he's gonna create this fantasy world
where Hillary Clinton apparently just
needed extra help and losing the last
election so she worked with Russia to do
it I mean I it's it's pretty incredible
but you know this is a pattern that you
see with Trump that is oftentimes very
successful oftentimes works to his
advantage
look I regardless of how much I dislike
Trump how much I disagree with what he's
done as president how much I disagree
with the fact that he is not mentally
equipped to do one of the most important
jobs in the world I have to acknowledge
that he is masterful in messaging right
he's so good at it another
example would be how he took the issue
of fake news and twisted it on its head
so it fits him
I mean fake news helped him and helped
him win the election I would argue that
he is masterful only because the people
that he's pitching it to are insane and
you can say anything you want it would
be really masterful if you had to be
clever about it but he doesn't have to
be clever but he can say anything he
wants and they'll eat it up true I think
that there's there's definitely truth in
that but he's he's the kind of person
who will never take responsibility when
he's wrong he will never apologize he's
incredibly defiant and he will see
something that could hurt him and he
will actually utilize it as a tool to
help him in his messaging and again
that's what happened with fake news I
mean it's like yeah yeah well I will
just say this it like it's not like hit
what he said is absolutely s he's just
trying to distract people confuse people
and all that but it's not like it's
impossible that at some point with some
candidate Russia or some other country
could want to meddle on the side of a
Democrat it could happen and if there is
evidence of it then we should take it
seriously his tweet you know months in
advance the election is not evidence of
that and I just want you to keep this in
the back of your mind as we move towards
elections and especially once they
happen because if it goes really poorly
for the Republicans they apparently are
gearing up to pretend that this is why
it'll be absolute nonsense but that that
is apparently what they're going to be
how they're gonna defend themselves and
under normal circumstances if they just
want to sort of imply that you know
Alexandra Cassidy of course has her win
is illegitimate because supposedly Putin
likes Democrats all of a sudden in
normal circumstances I'd really care
about that it's just conspiracy theories
or whatever but they are now in a
position of power to potentially do
something about it and that's where you
get into scarier territory right exactly
it's it's pretty terrifying and also
just the response to midterm election
the midterm elections if things don't go
trump's way like how his supporters how
his base will react to that yeah that's
something that concerns me so we'll see
how this develops moving forward but you
just planted that seed exactly and one
other thing I want to mention just
because we're talking about you know
things that could potentially affect the
election we talked to earlier
this week on it might've been on the
main show as well but on the damage
report
Brooke Thomas and I talked about the new
reporting on the explosion of race-based
voter purges that have been going on
especially in states that had previously
required additional clearance to do
voter purges under the Voting Rights Act
well they destroyed the Voting Rights
Act a few years ago and now you're
seeing an absolute explosion of millions
of people being taken off of the rotor
rotor rolls many of them it will turn
out should not have been taken off many
of those people will go and try to vote
and find out that they're no longer
registered and that is becoming
increasingly common in a number of
different states especially in the south
yeah well if you can't win with your big
ideas then go ahead and genuinely rig
the system to your advantage
yeah all right let's move on to some
foreign policy news the leader of Iran
has responded to Donald Trump's
provocative tweet essentially hinting at
possible war with Iran if Iran refuses
to stop threatening the United States so
first of all Iran has a history of
saying provocative things regarding the
u.s. the US government now Trump decided
to you know fan the flames of issues you
know bad relations with Iran by pulling
out of an Iran nuclear deal which by the
way other European countries were
involved in Russia was involved in and
by all accounts the nuclear deal was a
good deal there was a timeline for that
deal there was a verification to ensure
that there was you know checks on the
uranium enrichment in Iran but it didn't
matter
Trump wanted to be the tough guy and
decided to pull out he just keeps
claiming that it was a terrible deal now
things keep devolving with the u.s. and
Iran so Donald Trump had tweeted the
following to Iranian president rouhani
never and this is in all caps never ever
yeah
never ever threaten the United States
again or you will suffer consequences
the like of which few throughout history
have ever suffered before we are no
longer a country that will stand for
your demented words of violence and
death be cautious okay
so normally he reserves that sort of
tone for vaccine waters but now iran's
getting into so this was many have
pointed this out and and i agree with
this assessment this was a great
distraction after his disastrous joint
press conference with vladimir putin in
helsinki and he has done this on
numerous occasions where he seasoned his
approval rating isn't looking so good
people are focusing on a particular
policy that he's implemented or
something that he's done that people are
just not in favor of and he will you
know wave a shiny object in front of
people
reporters particularly to kind of get
them to focus on something else but with
that said what he's doing here is
dangerous because you know it's you have
to keep in mind who his national
security adviser is john bolton who many
claim wants regime change in Iran but in
reality he just wants regime dist
destruction he doesn't even want regime
change and so you have his advisors in
his ear talking about you know military
action in iran and it could be
incredibly disasters because iran is not
like erock they have military
capabilities that iraq did not have and
so this could drag us into another war
even if trump's initial intentions were
to distract americans yeah so let me
give you the response from iran's
Foreign Minister he says the following
color us unimpressed in all caps but
that was the only sentence that was in
all caps the world heard even harsher
bluster a few years ago and Iranians
have heard them albeit more civilized
ones for forty years we've been around
for millennia and seen fall of empires
including our own which lasted more than
the life of some countries be cautious
that was the second sentence that was in
all all caps yeah so god this is not
good yeah so look III if somebody wants
to see Trump's tweet as as he described
it as a distraction I totally hear them
I am sure that that is what he designed
it to be the problem is is that it is a
distraction that exists in a continuum
of things that he's done before
to Ron and things that he will do and
those things have me very worried so he
as you said he shredded the the deal
with around the nuclear deal which was a
great piece of diplomatic effort that
took literally years for hundreds of
diplomats it was a great foreign policy
move under the Obama administration
it was shredded making it more likely
that they will have nuclear weapons also
making it more likely that we will go to
war with them and while this tweet might
be a distraction who is to say that when
he needs a bigger more long-lasting
distraction war with Iran won't present
that for him maybe he tweeted I mean the
tweets are going around of him for years
accusing Obama of he gonna he's gonna
start a war with Iran to distract people
and things are going well well now he
surrounded himself with people who would
love to turn Iran into a sheet of glass
with nuclear weapons
he hates Iran has done so for literally
decades and now he's in a position where
as easily as sending a late-night
all-caps tweet to Iran if he wanted to
he could have already struck them with
any number of different weapons the only
thing that has stopped him from doing
that is whatever self-restraint Donald
Trump has as an individual because in
the last election we chose the most
hawkish most Pro military use-of-force
person that was running and that's what
we have and so every day we go to sleep
hoping that when we wake up we won't be
in the middle of a war with Iran and as
we get closer to the midterm elections
and as things are looking worse and
worse for him personally and for his
party generally he might do what many
presidents have done in American history
and that has starts some sort of
unnecessary military exercise to get
support from the American people it's a
sick thing that they might do and that
based on you know my experience of
America might well work as well right
well here's here some of the issues to
consider if you want to look at this
whole conflict in context because there
are other countries at play there are
other influences at play as we know
Benjamin Netanyahu has been urging the
US government to go after Iran for years
now and it seems as though he has
Trump's ear when it comes to Iran Iran
and Syria seem to be aligned when it
comes to the civil war that's been going
on in Syria and so in Benjamin Netanyahu
and these
Railly government has been targeting
Syria there's a story that we'll do
later today about the Israeli government
targeting a Syrian plane that they claim
entered their their their our space
airspace yes so look there there are a
lot of other factors at play but one
thing to consider is that after ripping
up that nuclear deal with Iran of course
Trump wants to start implementing the
sanctions again and there is some
concern Iranian Iranian 's have some
concern that they are gonna have trouble
exporting some of their oil which is one
of the main ways that they you know
raise revenue for their country and so
they have been threatening to shut down
the Strait of Hormuz which is where a
lot of oil trade happens a lot of oil
trade occurs with other countries and so
the United States is not in favor of
that they don't like that retaliatory
language coming from Iran and so you
know that the tensions continue to
escalate as a result of all of this so
Trump's actions in response to the
nuclear deal has led to a domino effect
and it'll continue getting worse if we
just you know look the other way and get
distracted by whatever other shiny thing
he's waving in our in our face and again
he has these military advisors national
security advisors who have been wanting
regime destruction in Iran for years
look I said it multiple times since he
became president especially after about
three months and it amazes me that he
has not yeah I mean obviously were
involved in wars of involved in Wars for
our entire lives obviously we're America
that's what our Empire does but that he
hasn't started a new one shocks me to
this day that he hasn't yet done it I
don't understand
based on how little he cares about human
life how much he loves the military and
how aggressive he is it's amazing that
he hasn't done it and and I I guarantee
that if he stays in power for the next
two years especially the next six years
it is going to happen and Iran might
well be the most likely target yeah
I mean I wouldn't put it past him so
let's talk about the other foreign
policy story which is related but I
wanted to cover it in a separate video
all right
Israel has shot down a Syrian fighter
jet that it claims had entered Israeli
airspace now there is some disagreement
about that the Syrians are arguing that
it did not enter the Israeli airspace
but let me give you the details of what
is going on
so the fighter jet was actually a
Russian made Sukhoi jet and it entered
two kilometres into Israeli airspace
when two Patriot missiles were launched
to intercept the aircraft the missiles
hit the jet once and had crossed back in
to once it had crossed back into Syrian
airspace and that's according to a
statement by the Israeli Defense Force
now the Israeli enemy targeted one of
our warplanes while conducting air raids
against terrorist groups in the area of
Saida on the outskirts of the al yarmouk
Basin in the Syrian airspace that's
according to an official statement by
the Syrian government so there's a
little bit of disagreement there and to
be fair Syria has been trying to take
back control of that specific area as
you know you know the rebels in Syria
were infiltrated by Isis fighters and
Isis fighters apparently still have
control of that that portion of the
country and so the Syrian government is
saying we're trying to get control of
that part and the Israeli government
responded in this way now your mook
Basin is one of the last remaining areas
in southern Syria not yet under
government control Syrian forces backed
by the Russian military have been
carrying out an extensive campaign in
the area in recent days attempting to
gain control from an Isis affiliate that
is clinging on to a small pocket of
territory yeah it's always interesting
when you have a story like this
obviously because they shoot down the
plane they have different stories and I
don't believe either yeah eat know both
have reasons to lie in this case that's
that's exactly right and here's what the
reality is and we're honest actors were
honest
people who are gonna tell you the truth
we don't know right and so you'll hear
commentators make definitive statements
declarative statements about what's
really going on we don't know we don't
know it's not simple but what I do know
is that Benjamin Netanyahu has you know
positioned himself as the innocent party
who is really worried about you know
military involvement in Israel that
they're being targeted by Iran by Syria
but there have been cases of Israel
doing provocative things in Syria
targeting areas of Syria with their
military force and so it's it's not a
clear-cut case and there are proxy wars
going on you know you have Syria which
is the Syrian government which is backed
by Russia
there's Iran which is also involved in
this mess right and so it's this
hodgepodge of craziness and then we have
a president who has absolutely no idea
what's really going on yeah ya know it's
it's it's a mess in in every possible
sense speaking as American I have no
interest in us being involved especially
with Donald Trump as president I have no
interest being involved either but we
will be that's that's the concern yeah
possibly yeah so just to give you an
idea of you know Israel's involvement in
all of this you know I mentioned that
they have they have carried out their
own strikes in Syria and I feel like
that doesn't get much coverage but it's
important to mention that so let's go to
graphic 12 so one day earlier Israel
launched two missiles from the David
sling missile defense system at to
Syrian rockets which the Israeli Defense
Force believed were headed for Israeli
territory when it became clear the two
syrian ss-20 two missiles were going to
land inside syria the david sling
missiles were ordered to self-destruct
now only one of them successfully self
destructed while it's unclear what
happened to the second and that's
according to a statement from the
Israeli military so you know that type
of pre-emptive action is gonna have
consequences and it's going to lead to
hostility so just understand the full
picture of what's going on it's not a
situation where you have one innocent
party one guilt
you party I think it's a situation
that's a lot more complex than that yeah
all right let's take a break when we
come back we will come back to the u.s.
and talk about the daily callers
coverage of a rally featuring Alexandria
costera Cortez lots of fun there hey
everyone welcome back to t YT I just
want to remind everyone to use the
hashtag TYT live to communicate with us
tweet to us during the breaks I will do
my best to read as many of your tweets
as I can I just need this to be updated
guys uh but in the meantime I just want
to also let you guys know about some
stuff that's coming up first off there
will be a members-only postgame show
today and I actually want to discuss a
Rolling Stone article that was written
about a basically it's called Ozzy fest
it was an event that I participated in
over the weekend that I really enjoyed I
moderated two panels one with
right-wingers and one with people on the
left and so I want to kind of give you
my perspective on all of that the
Rolling Stone article upset me and I'll
explain why well because yeah I'll
explain why for the members if you want
to join just go to tea white tea
network.com slash join also on July 20 I
don't know the exact date it's on
Thursday what day is it Tuesday no I
know it's Tuesday 24th so Thursday is
gonna be the 6th yeah on the 26th I will
be part of the panel it's this Thursday
it's the Forbes 30 under 30 panel for
the women in media conference so I'm
really looking forward to this by the
way for the people who are already like
she's not through usually not under
there I know I'm not under 30 I won 30
under 30 when I was under 30 I'm 32 now
but they still have me participate in
some of these discussions which I really
appreciate are they not merciful yeah
but here's the thing if you can't be
there you can't buy a ticket it's
totally fine because we will be
streaming it live so again it will be
this Thursday and you can watch the live
stream at facebook.com slash The Young
Turks at 9:00
30 a.m. Pacific time okay so that's
12:30 p.m. Eastern Time all right so
let's get to one of my favorite stories
of the day this is great work by TYT
investigates earlier this month
reporters at TYT did an investigative
piece regarding money that our lawmakers
have invested in the private prison
industry now as you know if you've been
a longtime viewer of The Young Turks
I have always found for-profit prisons
problematic they have led to tough on
crime legislation and laws that have
incarcerated nonviolent people for
things like drug possession and they've
been disastrous for taxpayers because
even though they're for-profit they are
funded through taxpayer money mmm yes so
now it turns out that there are a number
of both Democratic and Republican
lawmakers who have invested in either
geo group or core civic those are the
two largest for-profit prison companies
in the country and after TYT
investigates reported on it some of them
had to respond and we have those
responses for you so first let me set
this up for you a little bit give you a
little more context core Civic has
received 103 million dollars worth of
immigrations and Immigration and Customs
Enforcement contracts so far this year
geo group the other top company has
raked in even more money from ice
landing 166 million dollars in ice
contracts this year so Alex Koch one of
our reporters is the person who's been
investigating this and the reason why
the for-profit prison industry has seen
a rise in their revenue is because the
government the Trump administration has
awarded them more contracts and it's all
part of the zero-tolerance policy on
immigration you know it's a very
profitable industry for for those who
essentially imprison incarcerate and
detain these undocumented immigrants now
Texas representatives harry color and
vicente gonzales defended keeping their
don't
Asians however others returned rejected
or donated the contributions color
recently joined Republicans in voting
for a pro ice house resolution so
understand there's a huge conflict of
interest there because if you know that
you're invested in one of these
for-profit prisons or both of these
for-profit prisons it is likely that you
will support or even sponsor legislation
that will help these companies earn more
money so you can get a bigger return on
your investment well it's really sick
because it's it's a two-way street of
corruption and like I would say flawed
and sentence up flawed is it designed to
be the way it is but they put their
money into core civic and geo group and
then give them contracts so that the
stock price will go up and they will
personally benefit and then civic group
and geo civic uh of course it's a core
civic and geo group then donate to their
campaigns giving them money directly
back so they really earn interest on
their investment yes in two different
directions and it's all legal it is a
vicious cycle and it should not be legal
I mean it is a huge conflict of interest
because essentially we have a system of
government where corporations have more
of a say in our politics and our
elections than people do and then those
very corporations will get investments
from the politicians that they helped
elect and those politicians will pass
policies that don't represent us but
represent the best interests of those
corporations I mean it is a huge
for-profit scheme that I think should be
illegal but it's not unfortunately and
this is one of the there are multiple
areas where they're able to invest in
companies that their policies then can
benefit or can hurt but this is one of
the areas where I think they've had the
most direct control under the Republican
Party to massively inflate the the stock
price of these companies because it's
one thing to say okay in Texas we're
going to prioritize private prisons over
public prisons obviously that's gonna
help out the private prisons in the long
run you know we can turn a blind eye
when they don't meet certain regulations
in terms of how they treat people the
facilities and all that that helps out
their bottom line obviously but the
government doesn't often have as direct
control as they had earlier this year
when Donald Trump decided that route
then as has been the case under past
Democratic and Republican politicians
the people coming in for asylum are
checked and then have to come back for
Asylum meetings we are now going to hold
every single one of them we're gonna
prosecute every single one of them they
were able to pack in a very short period
of time entire facilities full of people
I've never seen anything as direct one
policy change to a massive increase in
the need for a private corporation
services right right and you know we we
talk about this a lot you know during
production meetings and during personal
conversations which I hope you're
comfortable with me sharing but you know
you jokingly said you know what am i
doing
I mean as soon as Trump got elected I
should have just invested in one of
these for-profit prisons because
everyone knew that their stock prices
would go up and they did they did
massively absolutely and so I want to
reiterate that John was kidding when he
said that but it's frustrating - totally
totally kidding and some where Alex Koch
is googling my name investigating me I
don't have any money to invest in
anybody no but it's and you know my
response to you was yeah I mean I
totally expected it but you've got to
live with yourself at the end of the day
and how can you live with yourself
knowing that you are helping to fund an
industry that profits off of the pain
and destruction of people's lives and so
like ironic thing is that I can't live
for myself but totally unrelated reason
I mean we know you know former
colleagues that can live with themselves
after selling their soul for profit but
I don't think that anyone here okay
let's move on there's more of this story
that I found fascinating so look this is
not a Republican thing although you know
Republicans have benefited off of their
cozy relationships with for-profit
prisons there have been some Democrats
who got caught investing in these
companies as well and Alex Koch talks
about that a little bit in his piece as
well so let's get to it
Democratic Florida representative a Lois
Frankel owned up to 30 thousand dollars
worth of stock in Tennessee based course
if ik and that's according to her
financial disclosure documents which
were reviewed by TYT and so initially
there
no response from this representative but
finally there was a response and here's
what it was I have a financial adviser
who makes decisions about my retirement
account investments on my behalf
once I was alerted to the purchase of
six thousand eight hundred twenty seven
dollars worth of shares in core civic
stock
I immediately instructed my adviser to
sell the shares at a personal financial
loss now I know that as soon as I was
alerted I was shocked and chagrined to
find out no not core civic okay that's
not why she sold it sold it because
people's learning started to gain that's
exactly right because she suddenly
started to care you're exactly right
now I want to be fair as well and by the
way this is not me being fair simply
because she's a Democrat I the same the
same consideration extends to
Republicans as well look I I don't know
much about investing I just recently
started really like diving in and trying
to learn as much as I can I just knew
that I have you know some money that I'm
trying to save for my retirement and I
don't like I don't know how this works I
give the bank my money and then name and
so you you do in a lot of cases have to
dig deep and try to figure sir yes
figure out whether or not the bank or
whatever financial advisor is investing
your money and something that you find
you know abhorrent or whatever it is and
so there are cases where someone
unwittingly is invested in some company
that they disagree with that is true but
it is but in this case I mean you are a
politician so you should be held to a
much higher standard you should be aware
of where your money is going what you're
investing in so I'm not necessarily
buying that excuse but I do believe that
there are a lot of people in the country
who are invested in companies without
even realizing it because of their you
know financial adviser taking by the way
I don't even have a financial advisor I
just went to a bank and was like I I
need retirement I think Google how I
invest and then think you just buy
Bitcoin I think I wish I had that would
have been smart but anyway well I do
want to say though overall this is
another great instance that the TYT
reporters have been doing an amazing job
our investigative reporters especially
over the past month or two and it's
because of
you guys how exactly hire them so thank
you yeah no but the work that they've
been doing on the private prisons is
just the latest of a number of different
stories all available online by the way
in written form and we've been we've had
a couple of the different reporters on
including Alex Koch on the damage report
to talk to them about their stories but
not just the private prisons their
investigations and ice practices the
people that they're bringing in to train
them the purchases of weapons they've
dug up so much amazing stuff really and
so a lot of credit to them absolutely so
there's one final component of the story
that I wanted to just quickly talk about
so there was representative Greg Jian
Forte who was also covered in their
initial investigative piece regarding
these investments and the TYT
investigates could not get a response
from him but apparently one of his
spokespeople spoke to a local news
outlet and gave them a statement which
the local news outlet refused to report
on and I don't know how
Alex Koch did this but he managed to get
the text version of what the
spokesperson said to defend the
representative so to give you more
detail into that as TYT reported
representative G and Forte from Montana
bought as much as $250,000 worth of core
civic stock in late January as
government detainee contracts boosted
the company's profits his office has not
responded to multiple requests for
comment but Billings Montana TV station
kul r8 did receive a response from his
communications director to this TYT
story the station did not report it
publicly but they did TYT did manage to
get the text version of the statement
and here's what it said Greg believes
his personal assets should never
influence his decision-making in office
as he promised Montanans Greg's
investments are governed by a blind
investment agreement to avoid any
potential conflict of interest no not
you are a politician I am not buying
that that does not work Greg doesn't
make decisions about individual
investments a money manager does without
Greg's input or direction and as I said
that is certainly the case with many
Americans throughout the country but if
you are a politician you should be held
to a much higher standard and I am not
buying that this man has invested 250
quarter million dollars into a private
prison and just a lot of jolly but I
don't know I didn't know this yeah you
knew if you invest $250,000 you know a
single stock you have to either be
fabulously wealthy or really certain
that stock is gonna do well and it's not
impossible that he can talk to people
who talk to people in the Republican
Party that know what their plans are for
those private prisons it's in a blind
it's a blind investment strategy well we
know you have $250,000 how blind is it
if we were able to find that out he
wasn't able to find that out he has no
idea what he's invested in and also
really advanced advanced complicated
investment strategy put it all in one
company one company that he is in a
position to influence the stock of what
I love is that we have some reporting
that's holding politicians elected
officials accountable for their actions
and we're getting a response and that
feels really good and I just want to
thank the audience again everyone who
helps support the reporters who allowed
us to hire people who could do this I
love you guys and I can't even begin to
tell you how much I appreciate it yes
especially when it comes to private
prisons all right moving on to some
other news this is one of my favorite
stories today an editor with the Daily
Caller a conservative news outlet
decided to attend a rally where a
costume Alexandria Castillo Cortez was
speaking at now Acacio Cortez of course
is the progressive candidate who beats a
an establishment Democrat in in New York
it was a stunning upset a lot of people
didn't expect it except for here at TYT
where we totally expected it and so
conservatives now are trying to figure
out what's going on is there like wait a
minute
she is identifying as a Democratic
Socialist isn't socialism bad haven't we
done enough fear-mongering about
government programs like let's try to
figure out what's going on so this one
reporter she's actually an editor at The
Daily Caller her name is Virginia cruda
decides to attend this event and then
she goes on Fox News to explain what she
found and she's trying
really hard to make it sound bad and
she's failing miserably without further
ado let's look at the first video tell
us why you went to her rally what was
the interest thanks for having me well I
I went kind of to see what the fuss was
about really because I mean I've been to
conservative rallies before I've been to
a Trump speech I've been to a Ted Cruz
rally when he was running for president
and I just kind of wanted to see you
know why the message was resonating
because really the socialist message is
gaining steam within the Democrat Party
so based upon what you saw why are
people drawn to this message um well I
was listening to to them talked to a
patio Cortez and also to Cory Bush who
she was stumping for it in st. Louis and
they say things I mean they talk about
things that everybody wants especially
like if you're a parent they talk about
education for your kids health care for
your kids these the things that you want
yep that's what they do they talk about
things that you'd want she should have
gone to a Bernie rally over the past
couple years I went to many I I wanted
to figure out what the fuss was about so
I was shocked to find that they were
talking about issues economic issues
that impact Americans and they addressed
those issues and found solutions for
them yeah so I think look it's obviously
it's funny I agree and when we talked
about on the day ontraport obviously
it's a funny thing but I want to give
her at least a little bit of credit no I
want to give her a lot of credit yes the
fact that she went to that event with
apparently somewhat of an open box yes
that is something that needs to be
applauded and so I do give her credit
for that yeah like she's not swayed she
didn't sign up for the DSA or anything
but but she is willing to at least admit
that she understands why this messages
is gaining hold and a lot of people I
think her argument for why it's the case
that you have to ignore all this stuff
about how it would be paid for and all
that I think is a little bit
disingenuous I would like to see that
same sort of skepticism applied to when
the Republican Party says hey here's 1.5
trillion dollars worth of tax cuts we'd
love to give people exactly how you
gonna pay for that
worry about it some other day so that
bothers me a little bit but she's at
least willing to make somewhat of the
case and for many of these people who
are watching that early Fox and Friends
this is the only place that they're
gonna hear anything about the rally so
that is a far more fair description it's
not entirely what we're gonna play more
the video but that's a fairer
description of it than they will ever be
exposed to on Fox News exactly and even
if you disagree with the other party or
some candidates policy proposals hearing
them out is important right and so I
think that there's far less of that in
the media these days and a lot more you
know either it's fear-mongering or
mischaracterizations of what the other
side wants and so all of us need to do a
better job in really understanding what
the other side is saying and and don't
pay close attention to you know the more
the squeaky wheel basically cuz you you
hear the squeaky wheel and you think
that that's representative of the party
and that's not necessarily true right
and so I think what happened with the
right wing's response to Acacio cortez
was oh my god this person wants cuba
like socialism where the government
completely controls the means of
production that is not what she's
calling for she is specifically talking
about education she's talking about
healthcare she's talking about the
fundamental basics that people need to
have fulfilling stable healthy lives and
I think anyone who sits and listens to
what Acacio Cortez has to say about
these issues and what our policies are
can't deny that they are popular with
the majority of Americans I mean you
look at the approval rating for Medicare
look at the response of Republican
constituents in some of these states
when there were threats of cutting
Medicare or cutting Social Security
those are popular government programs
and you can't if you're on the right
wing you can't keep denying that they
are because people like them and as soon
as you talk about cutting them there's
usually some form of protest and I will
say for the audience who's watched now
this and you might
remember the the Sean Hannity attempt to
take her down where he put up a list of
the most appealing platform for a
politician I've ever seen
enjoy these times while they last
because the Republican attack machine
will come to grips with democratic
socialism they'll come up with some lies
to tell about it we're in the honeymoon
period right now where they can't help
but make it sound good but they'll
figure something out I do want to just
take a couple things in what the the
assistant editor for the Daily Caller
said just because she seems like a
person with an open mind it's not a
socialist message it's a democratic
socialist message and it's not even a
particularly extreme one it's what
democratic politics should have been for
literally decades at this point it's not
socialism stop saying that it's
socialism and also it's not the Democrat
Party it's the Democratic Party that is
the most lingering immature little move
where they don't want to say the word
democratic because then you would apply
the positive connotations you have with
democracy of the party the little so
they say Democrat that is something Rush
Limbaugh has been doing for decades it
is so childish it's what a baby does
rhetorically stop saying and it's not
the name of the party I don't know it
doesn't bother me it's just my whole
life for 15 years probably I've been
seeing people in media do this as a no
but I'm saying my whole life where I've
actually been paying attention to it's
just a stupid little immature thing to
do all right well then I'm calling it
the Republic party from now on that's
how stupid is it is exactly that stupid
so let's hear a little bit more from
cruda and what she experienced at this
event you know if you're not really
paying attention to how they're gonna
pay for it or you know the rest of that
it's easy to fall into that trap and say
my kids deserve this and you know
well maybe the government should be
responsible for helping me with that
mm-hmm
Virginia as a conservative when you're
sitting in that audience or standing in
that audience and you're listening to
that message how did it make you feel
were you angry were you more drawn to
that I was mostly uncomfortable because
I was surrounded by a group of people
who were talking about how they had
gotten involved because they were tired
of being angry all the time when it
seems like so much effort to be angry
about everything
instead of to focus on what you could do
to change it but that's what they're
doing but that's what they're doing
right I think she sort of understands
that but sort of not yeah like that is
what like the the supporters of people
like Alexandra Custer Cortez and Brent
Wells and others are the people who are
sick of just being angry and are doing
something about it
by engaging with the Democratic Party
and taking control of it and I love it
and you're like you know what crew do
you do you boo you keep going to these
events I'm open like open yourself up to
different experiences right I mean you
never know what you can find and look I
I she works the Daily Caller
and you're working at that organization
you're gonna be pushed in a in a certain
direction I've seen complete
mischaracterizations of people on the
left from this very news organization
this outlet but I I think that she did a
fair job you know I think that you if
you do further investigation you'll
figure out exactly how these candidates
proposed to pay for the very programs
that you know you're you seem to be in
favor of right that most Americans seem
to be in favor of you know the only
thing that you hear from the right and
the naysayers is how are they're gonna
pay for it and it doesn't matter how
many times Bernie Sanders specifically
outlined how he would pay for his
programs doesn't matter how how clearly
it's it's written on alexandria Cortez's
website doesn't matter how often they
talk about how they're going to pay for
it it's going to be the one and only way
the conservatives can attack these
candidates and these politicians they
have nothing else because these programs
are popular and they can be paid for
it's it's ridiculous to say it again
were you asking how we're gonna pay for
the tax cuts I mean those tax cuts could
have paid for every year the four did
free tuition paid for years of public
college or trade school or whatever that
would be a tiny little fraction of what
we just gave away you can rip out every
single lead pipe in the goddamn country
you can rebuild Puerto Rico you can do
all of this stuff and you wouldn't even
hit half of what it costs to hand that
money to the 1% in corporations actually
I didn't even know this myself until
recently the Trump era tax cuts are 2
times as expensive as the Affordable
Care Act I mean just
give you an idea and you have to ask
yourself what are our priorities tax
cuts for the wealthy so they can do
records stock buybacks and make
themselves even more wealthy or
providing health care so Americans don't
have to decide whether or not they're
gonna go to the doctor and get the
treatment they need or pay for the food
for their children well in thinking
about the economic mind the long-term
economic impact of well we could pay for
people's college education so that when
they leave they don't they aren't
indebted for 20 to 30 years and spending
a significant portion of their income on
just paying that back rather than
actually putting money into the economy
or we could do the tax cuts which we did
earlier this year we just found out that
wages fell 2% immediately afterward
breaking the trend where wages had
slowly been creeping slightly up and now
they're back down again because of it
but I will say again it you should read
her article 2 on the Daily Caller and
then never return to the site again but
you should read her article because she
outlines a couple more of the positive
messages that she heard there that she
found to be appealing and she ends it by
saying there but for the grace of God go
I acknowledging that on some level she
found the argument very appealing and
look she's being a little bit she's
being open-minded there she's also a
writer for The Daily Caller which means
she is a committed conservative and she
said there but for the grace of God go I
regular conservatives some nonzero
portion are gonna eat this stuff up and
they are going to cross over and they
are going to vote for Democratic
candidates that have this sort of
message that actually appeal to them
with empathy to their sense of dignity
to economic possibility it is going to
change everything and I think that those
hosts on Fox and Friends can sort of
feel it they don't want to acknowledge
it just yet but Sean Hannity I mean he's
not nervous for nothing they know what's
coming yep all right we're gonna take
one more break when we come back we will
discuss the mayor of Boston and his his
thoughts on Bernie Sanders we'll be
right back
you're right in the middle of this
podcast we've got another great segment
coming up for you if you'd like to full
show which is actually five segments go
to tea white tea network.com slice join
you become member you support the show
you support independent media and you
get the whole two-hour show
ad-free everyday let's go do it now
everyone welcome back to The Young Turks
I want to read some TYT lives and also
some comments from the super chat so I'm
gonna switch things up I'm gonna start
off with TYT lives so we have T Joyce
1971 saying Donald Trump is good at
pulling out of things NAFTA the Iran
deal NATO it's just too bad Fred Trump
didn't I knew where you were going from
the third word of that sentence okay I'm
gonna read it because it's hilarious and
it's x-rated
should have pulled pulled out of things
like NAFTA Iran deal NATO it's just too
bad Fred Trump didn't pull out of his
mother I agree that Spanish lady says I
want to nominate true north probably for
the it's the streamys but first it's
definitely for the straightest
documentary category but it's only gonna
happen if you go to t y-t-dot-com slash
true north streamys and submit a fan
nomination request for true north then
it will be there by the way do you know
how much it would piss Donald Trump and
Scott Pruitt off for a climate change
documentary to win a Streamy this year
piss them off by nominating it all right
there they're out the edge of their
seats right now trying to figure out
whether or not it's gonna make it okay
so yeah let's upset them by their
submitting every day they and their bot
networks are submitting nominations for
a documentary that's just 90 minutes of
a crude oil bubbling in a barrel don't
let that win see y-t-dot-com slash true
north streamys the rest of the tweet was
but nobody spoil it for me I want to
find out if John Ida rolla lives or dies
at the finale of his Arctic adventure I
want to find out that to actually go
watch it still available
alright and then oh this is such a great
point that I wanted to make in the story
but I forgot so a choco Jayco 87 says be
mad at everything that's that is the
business model of Fox News with
referring to you know that Cory Bush
rally that a costume Cortes a spoke at
yeah yes Sean Hannity's co-star 'no show
was a vein in his forehead very true
inflamed and Matt all right now a few
super chats for you guys Sandra Santa
Maria says Trump's obviously setting a
stage for a right violent response in
the case that Dems take back the Senate
or the office of presidency it's scary
and sad they have no independent thought
and will buy it that's the reason why
I'm concerned look I gotta be honest
with you guys the Trump tweet stories
kind of drive me crazy but I feel like
you know every once in a while he has a
tweet that really does lead to some
consequences repercussions so that's the
reason why I wanted to cover it and that
was my concern look I don't want to
mention this person generally but Alex
Jones did a video yesterday where he was
basically telling people to shoot Robert
Muller he kept saying politically he
kept inserting politically that's true
I'll give him credit for that but he
held his gun at his hand out as a gun
and over and over mocked mimicked
shooting Robert Muller
these people are pro political violence
you're not supposed to say that but it
is obvious lamp
0:07 says anna if you want to invest
money or invest without any fees and
control what you're investing in
download Robin Hood on your smartphone
actually you're not the only person who
recommended that I did download it and
then they basically do a credit check
and I don't know why and I had I put a
freeze on all of my on my credit because
of the whole Equifax thing I mean I feel
like if you're a public figure you
should freeze all of your you know
credit bureau whatever so no one can
open credit under your name but yeah so
that happened and every time you want to
unfreeze it whether temporarily or
permanently you have to pay so I like
it's it's a it's an annoying process it
was annoying but worth it to put a
freeze just so I'm not victimized by
this like credit hacking thing but I
don't know if I I don't have it in me to
like go through it again to open up an
investment account if I froze but if I
went to the trouble of freezing my
credit I would literally I would never
unfreeze it but that's what's gonna
happen to me I'm never gonna open
another line of credit yeah that's
basically what you're done
yeah anyway all right so let's move on
to some other news
Marty wash Marty Walsh is the Democratic
mayor of Boston and he has some
interesting things to say about the
Democratic Party and the reason why
Democrats lost in this last general
election now what I found interesting in
his conversation with Politico he was on
one of their podcasts was what he felt
about Bernie Sanders and also how he
believes most Americans feel about the
banking industry and Wall Street he
doesn't get it but I will allow you to
decide for yourself so let me give you
some of his quotes he says the following
those people who voted for Trump
they live in working-class neighborhoods
the banking industry really does not
impact on them unless they have a bad
mortgage except the banking industry
100% has an impact on them because their
tax dollars were utilized in these
massive bailouts for wall street for the
banks for the very people who destroyed
our economy yes you're right that it has
more of a direct impact if they got a
bad mortgage but here's one thing that I
think most Americans don't hear a lot
about because the media refuses to cover
it the big banks received all sorts of
benefits in the form of cheap money from
the Federal Reserve right and the whole
point of that was we are giving you this
money with incredibly low interest
because we want you guys to lend it to
small businesses to Americans who are
looking to you know just rebuild their
lives following this economic crash it
was in my opinion a bad policy because
there were no checks in place to ensure
that the banks did what they were
supposed to do with that cheap money did
the banks actually use that money to
loan loan cash to small businesses or
people who wanted to be entrepreneur no
of course they didn't do that did they
help people you know rebuild their lives
of course they didn't what did they do
with that money they did stock buybacks
which is what big banks also did and
what the wealthy did with the tax cuts
that Donald Trump pushed for
so look the banks the big banks even now
it's it's infuriating they still have an
increased interest rates for savings
accounts or deposit accounts they just
haven't right so they keep getting all
this cheap money they lend it at you
know look historically low interest
rates when it comes to mortgages and
things like that but they still haven't
you know really done anything with that
money to help Americans and so that
there's another example of them you know
just using cheap money from the Federal
Reserve to profit even further so anyway
that was my long diatribe about what's
going on these banks but yeah they're
screwing Americans working-class
Americans they're screwing the
working-class Americans right now as we
speak
they've you know included all these
crazy taxes I'm sorry fees on all of
these checking's accounts you have to
have a certain amount of money deposited
into your account or else you're gonna
get a $20 fee at the end of the month I
mean all sorts of shady things that have
impact Americans every single day so the
fact that he's saying like no I mean
these Americans these voters don't
really care about what's going on with
the banking industry yes they do it
impacts them on a daily basis
yeah and just that just for a historical
footnote because I think it's it's easy
to forget some of the terrible things
that have been done since Donald Trump
became president but after that Great
Recession what limited amount of new
control did we get we got the dodd-frank
bill which had a little bit not nearly
enough and they killed that once Donald
Trump became president the Republicans
took over they killed it okay so bear in
mind some of that was the result of
money that the banks spent over the past
nearly a decade to influence Republican
politicians to kill those and some
Democrats by the way they took some of
this money that was handed them gave it
back to the people who handed it to them
and then got the regulations killed it
took him a few years admittedly but they
did it so mind you this is what Marty
Walsh believes Democrats got wrong
during this past election that they
focused too much on Wall Street and too
much on the big banks it's amazing I
mean I don't know which election he was
paying attention to but that was not the
case there was one candidate who focused
on that and that was Bernie Sanders
Walsh believes that it was a bad idea
for Sanders to focus on those issues let
me give you his quote Sanders was
talking about college and things like
that and you know what he needs to talk
about is he
is going to talk about stuff like that
and get people energized how's he going
to pay for it he left that out of the
presidential campaign no he didn't no he
didn't he talked about how he would pay
for it over and over and over again
because that was the main talking point
from the right and some on the left so
he talked about how he would pay for it
maybe we don't you know give massive
contracts to military contractors
private military contractors maybe we
actually have the wealthy pay their fair
share of taxes because right now the
American middle class pays a higher
percentage of their income than the
wealthiest Americans do so maybe we make
a system play out in a fair way where we
can actually afford programs which by
the way back in the day were free public
colleges were free we were able to do it
before why aren't we able to do it now
anyway oh you know what does he talk
about how to pay for it he did you just
didn't pay attention or you didn't care
to you know think he was going to a lot
of Bernie rallies come on oh they they
they ignored him and like the idea that
you shouldn't talk about banks because
real people don't actually care about
banks it doesn't actually impact their
lives so what's the point talking about
it why does he think that Bernie Sanders
went from nobody in the primary even
knowing about him in the very beginning
to challenging Hillary Clinton who's
been one of the most recognizable names
in the world for literally decades
because of his cool hair nose because of
the stuff he was actually saying you
Marty Walsh could learn so much from
Bernie Sanders but instead thinks that
he can teach him I know it's some weird
establishment version of mansplaining I
don't know exactly but it gets worse
again morever this is a Democrat this is
approval rating by the way because in
April here's a big debate poll pretty
high is a 72% Oh hold on you're talking
about Bernie yes okay first let me be
clear about one thing
Marty washe Walsh does have a high
approval rating in Boston so you know
bands of Governors tend to do better
than senators and congressmen that's
true but Bernie Sanders is the
politician around the country most
likely to fire up gigantic crowds of
people so I'm gonna get to that number
in just a second but just a few more
quotes from Walsh that I thought were
fascinating so he gets into this law
discussion about the opioid crisis and
how the government hasn't handled it
correctly which I agree with him on but
he disagrees with how to approach this
issue okay
he believes let's go to graphic 23 there
needs to be more self policing in
companies and more emphasis on funding
for treatment so self policing in
companies is he referring to the
pharmaceutical companies that would go
on retreats with doctors and encourage
them to over prescribe opioids that are
highly addictive is he talking about the
very pharmaceutical companies who knew
that these opioids were very addictive
but decided to you know withhold that
information and not disclose it to the
public is that what he saw but that kind
of self policing self policing
historically has not worked case study
after case study if there is a profit
motive then the corporation is going to
do whatever is necessary to meet that
profit motive so self policing I mean
it's like the most naive ridiculous
thing and this is a Democrat making this
argument so quickly let's go to let's go
to Bernie sander sanders approval rating
because again Marty Walsh believes
Bernie Sanders doesn't know what's going
on his message is just not popular but
that is not the case
a morning console poll released in April
from the first quarter of 2018 showed
Sanders with a 72 percent approval
rating making him the most popular
senator in the survey there were other
senators involved in that survey these
are individuals that are suspected of
running for president the same poll
showed that Kamala Harris had a 44
percent approval rating Elizabeth Warren
had a 54 percent approval rating forty
nine percent of those polled said that
they approved of Cory Booker so among
all those senators Bernie Sanders came
out on top with 72 percent approval
rating what are you again just because
of his hair and no new things the
messaging but how is he gonna pay for it
yeah all right cares what the mayor of
Boston s interests about the future of
the Democratic Party like whatever fine
look just take a stick with the
pharmaceutical companies stick with the
banks and and we can have him and there
will be a cost to that he will get those
votes there's probably
a few dozen you know big banks a few
dozen big pharmaceutical companies so he
will get those dozens of votes for the
people will vote for the people in
politics who are pushing for their
interests not for the interests of CEO
is a pharmaceutical and banking
companies yep all right all right okay I
know I know I'm being Jake right now
this is so bad Brett so he's got music
he's got in sell neck exercises okay
okay there's a I think there's no penis
no there is a penis okay wait until that
story it's crazy there's a penis in it
but thank you John for you for that
piercing our one with me Brett will be
joining us joining us for our two and I
will at least briefly talk about what
Trump is doing with tariffs he's
apparently trying to provide some relief
to the farmers who have been worried
about this trade war and I'll give you
the details on that and more when we
return thanks for watching or listening
to this free version of The Young Turks
podcast you know that the full show is
at TYT Network comm / join if you become
a member you're the full show ad free we
love you for watching or listening
either way there's gonna be a new free
podcast tomorrow you can keep on doing
that but if you want to get the full
show ad free TYT Network com / join
