happy Monday America's still doing
everything it can to uphold white
supremacy hi I wanted to report a
disturbance in Fort Pierce okay what's
going on it's right the kids go to
school at Francis case we and there's a
house directly across the street with
their garage door open and big speakers
blasting like fu music by now you
probably know this all too familiar
story a white lady's upset at her black
neighbor playing Drake in his own garage
minding his own damn business and then
she calls the cops they arrive on scene
and then that was Gregory Vaughn Hills
story four years ago shot through his
own garage door in his own house the
police changed their accounts multiple
times they claimed he was holding a gun
even though multiple witnesses including
Hills nine-year-old daughter who watched
her dad get executed by the state said
he was not as if any of that matters
when two cops roll up to your house for
a noise complaint and execute you Hill
was intoxicated the police found an
unloaded gun in his back pocket in his
own house where we're supposed to be
sovereign which is why we have the
Castle Doctrine that grants individuals
wide discretion in defending their homes
against anyone threatening to do them
harm but the state just took his life
and the injustice in our broken criminal
justice system didn't stop there Hill's
family filed for a wrongful death suit
and after four years a jury awarded them
four dollars after finding Gregory Hill
99 percent responsible for his own death
because he was intoxicated at the time
the police executed him the reward was
$4 $1 for the funeral and $1 for each of
Hill's 3 children you imagine what a big
you that is from the state from your
fellow citizens now compare that to
another murder that took place four
years ago this time in New York City
where NYPD executed Eric garner and the
only person who's in jail is the person
who filmed this footage
when I say the entire criminal justice
system is broken I'm referring to the
lack of accountability built into it as
well since then the cop who killed
garner with his bare hands has made more
than $500,000 with multiple salary
increases and over time Daniel Pantaleo
is being rewarded for his misconduct
that took someone's life because that's
the way we view state-sponsored
executions in this country especially
state-sponsored executions against
people of color no one was punished for
this just like no one was punished for
Hills execution four years later in the
investigation is still ongoing for
Garner but for both garner and Hill
their murder was for the color of their
skin and nothing else this is why
athletes kneel because the injustice is
built into the system and for the
President and many other privileged
oligarchs this is simply a talking point
to dust off the shelf whenever you're in
deep trouble that's how little they care
about your well-being that's how little
they care about injustice I'm a psalm
piker if this angers you please share
this video with your friends please
leave your thoughts in the comment
section below
also for more videos like this don't
forget to join TYT membership also
please don't forget to download our app
in the App Store the Android one is
coming in August I believe and this has
been the breakdown
