so a lot of people say that they like
Donald Trump my main question to them is
which one the guy aid lies non-stop B
changes his story non-stop which I'm
going to show you in a second so which
Donald Trump do you like I don't know
don't you know
probably the one that doesn't like brown
people but anyway so I'm gonna show you
a tweet from over the weekend where I
think he lost his mind then I'm going to
show you video evidence of him changing
his position at least three different
times and then you tell me which Trump
it is that you like all right so he
tweets over the weekend so President
Obama knew about Russia before the
election why didn't he do something
about it why didn't he tell our campaign
because it's all a big hoax that's why
and he thought crooked Hillary was going
to win look the only reason Obama didn't
do anything before the election is
because the Republicans yelled at him I
said if you dare say that we'll say
you're biased and your auntie Republican
okay put that aside though wait a minute
I saw Trump said over and over again
that people saying that he doesn't think
the rushes interfered are doing fake
news he thinks that Russia's definitely
interfered but here is calling the
entirety of the investigation a hoax
that remember there's two parts there's
the part where did the Russia's
interfere and then the second part is
that they collude if he says look this
collusion is wrong but they did
interfere okay that's a fine argument to
make I don't think it's true but it's a
fine argument to make it doesn't mean
he's irrational or a lunatic or anything
like that but again he's say you're the
entirety of it it's all hoaxes all made
up so let's break it down real quick and
then put this in its proper order so you
remember of course when he met with
Vladimir Putin did the Russians
interfere on our elections this was his
original answer people came to me dan
coates came to me and some others they
said they think it's Russia
I have President Putin he just said it's
not Russia I will say this I don't see
any reason why it would be okay that was
super clear I don't believe my own
Director of National Intelligence
I believe Putin said I don't know why it
would be now it was crystal clear
nonetheless they pretended that he
misspoke so he said this in a key
sentence in my remarks
I said the word would instead of
wouldn't the sentence should have been I
don't see any reason why I wouldn't or
why it wouldn't be Russia so that's
where he looks like a chastened child is
clearly reading off of prepared notes
that are not his words but okay fine he
flipped and he says I don't know I
definitely think the Russians interfered
I don't know why it wouldn't be them
although of course he added this part I
accept our intelligence community's
conclusion that Russia's meddling in the
2016 election took place could be other
people also a lot of people out there
can't help himself he goes off the scrap
thing goes could be other people a lot
of people out there blood I'm not saying
anything but he clearly said Russia's
meddled in the lecture if you're a trump
boater you could rewind the tape of you
like Russia's medal in the light shin Se
and he went on to tweet that if you are
saying anything otherwise that you're
fake news because he's always been
saying that Russia interfered with
elections now of course the next day
this happens
is Russia still interfering with our
elections he said no now everyone in
intelligence committee says that's not
true they are still actively interfering
and we're worried that they might
actually get into the voter registration
rolls and they did in at least 21 states
last time I run or they try to
infiltrate at least 21 states and got
into seven so they had to correct Trump
again so they sent Sarah could be
Sanders out to pretend that no meant yes
watch she asked the president is Russia
still targeting the u.s. she said no is
that what the president actually
believes do you understand the question
and his his petit position that no
Russia is not doing anything to
interfere or medal of the 2018 election
speak with the president after his
comments and the president was said
thank you very much and was saying no to
answering questions the president and
his administration are working very hard
to make sure that right
Russia is unable to meddle in our
elections as they have done in the past
as if we have stated well since there's
currently not an election today not
specifically but we certainly believe
that we are taking steps to make sure
they can't do it again
unlike previous administrations this
president is actually taking bold action
and reform to make sure it doesn't
happen again
but he does believe that they would
target certainly US elections again so
now two very clear flip-flops I don't
know why it would be Russia I don't know
why it wouldn't be Russia know they're
not doing anything yes they are we're
taking bold steps to make sure that they
don't meddle in our elections again so
if you left it just there you'd say I
looked you did a correction you call it
lying I call it to my tomahto
okay fine but then remember the weekend
tweet so after all those videos and all
those things
Trump tweets and I'm gonna be the
surrogate me Sanders to trump tweets out
this weekend like I read to you so
President Obama knew not about Russia
before election why didn't do something
about it why didn't he tell our campaign
because it's all a
hoax that's why so wait a minute then
okay this is your a third flip-flop so
now you're saying that the entire
investigation of Russia as a hoax okay
look before I get to conclusions
now this is what Sarah Huckabee Sanders
normally comes out goes no he didn't
no he didn't call it a hoax he called it
would that he's taking it very seriously
but nope nope nope Trump has apparently
told everybody no we're back to hoax
it's all made up the whole thing's made
up so here's Sarah Huckabee Sanders now
and I think we'd all be a lot better off
if we can get this out of the way and
that Congress and the special counsel
could come to the same conclusion that
the rest of America has that this is a
hoax and a waste of time and let's move
on and focus on some of the big problems
and big challenges we actually have to
face as a country so let's go over
conclusions one if you believe Donald
Trump which Donald Trump the one that
says the Russia did meddle in our
elections or that the entire
investigations are hoaxes which one
since the guy is a pathological non-stop
liar you have to pick one of those
Trump's that you like okay second
conclusion is of course he's not doing
anything about Russian meddling he loved
it it helped him and now he doesn't want
any part of that investigation because
that investigation is uncovering things
that connect him to Russia and Vladimir
Putin so that's why he's in a panic and
screaming over the weekend oh of course
and thirdly and I think most importantly
we have to seriously consider the 25th
amendment the guy's lost his mind I mean
if you were a rational actor and you
were just doing and you were a bad actor
assume for a second that he he did do it
okay so this is me giving him the
benefit of doubt not on the substance of
the charges but that he hasn't lost his
mind
how would you then act you would try to
do a subtle cover-up where you would say
oh my god I you know I'm really
concerned about the Russian meddling and
I'm on it but then you really wouldn't
do anything but on the surface you would
keep saying oh those desperately
Russians I'm going to go
etc but since he's mentally unstable he
can't help himself so he's like they
didn't do it they did do it they didn't
do it what is that what is that if he
ever had a mind he's lost then and we're
all going around as if the Emperor's
clothes on unfortunately he doesn't
we just cuz he's the president we move
on with our lives but the reality is
this guy is deeply deeply unstable and
then it matters a ton when he does the
all-caps threatening a war with Iran
later in the weekend cuz this deeply
unstable guy could do anything attack
anyone with the obvious exception of
Russia so we've got to get him out of
office do you know even if you're a
trump supporter do you know what he's
gonna say tomorrow do you know if he's
gonna say that all yeah Russians metal
then anybody who says otherwise is fake
news or that the Russia's did not meddle
and it's all a big hoax and anyone who
says otherwise is fake news do you know
which Donald Trump is gonna show up
tomorrow no you don't even if you're a
Magog eye you don't know that no one
knows that Donald Trump doesn't know
that you know why he's he's deeply
unstable remember the tweets where he
famously declared himself a very stable
genius we moved on with our lives
because it's the uncomfortable fact that
he's president no one in their right
mind tweets into the ether yells into
the ether
I'm a very stifle genius only lunatics
do that in that series of tweets he said
there are two things I'm known for in my
life one is being like a smart person
okay and two is I am known for my mental
stability I've said this before any guy
or girl it doesn't matter walks into a
bar it comes up to you and says hey I'm
known for two things in my life being
like a smart person and being really
mentally stable you'd like okay I gotta
go
I gotta go this guy's nuts I gotta get
out of here before he does something
wrong he's the president he's the
president stop pretending that he's
mentally stable because he has deep
mental problems
two easy ways to follow the young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
