most people seem to agree that the Trump
Putin summit did not go particularly
well politically for Donald Trump and in
a lot of ways the days since then have
been worse with him reversing on what he
had said at the summit and then
undercutting it and then going back and
forth and back and forth and then
offering to hand over some of our ex
diplomats to Russia and then deciding is
not going to do that and then saying
well maybe we'll have Putin here and
then god only knows where we're at with
that it's been sort of a mess and it was
perhaps capped off earlier this morning
when we found out that tapes of him
discussing Neil payments to this playboy
model who claims that she had an affair
with him have actually been released
that the FBI has it so it has been a
rough rough week but I want ask a
specific question with the return of the
TYT Supreme Court drop it there's no way
anyway so the question for the Supreme
Court is has this been the worst week
politically for Donald Trump in his
presidency good one now I want to I want
to lay out a little bit more information
so I gave you some of the reasons why
many people are saying that this has
perhaps hurt him in a way that most
other weeks haven't no matter how bad
the news has been obviously he's done
terrible things but his base generally
doesn't care a lot of people have tuned
out but I want to read just a couple of
numbers that could play into your
reaction of this so in terms of the
summit performance 55% of the people
surveyed recently were unhappy with his
performance while 32% approved so you
might say overall I mean that's not good
you certainly don't want that coming out
of a big international event that he had
been hyping however 68 percent of
Republicans did approve of it with only
21 percent saying that they disapproved
and this is this isn't really
specifically attached to it but in terms
of the willingness of some people to
never ever shift on a position this is
one of the most amazing stats that I've
seen recently 31 percent of Republicans
strongly disagree that Russia got
involved in the 2016 election on behalf
of Trump with another 19 percent
somewhat disagree one-third of
Republicans after all of this in a
recent poll still say nope it didn't
happen to two percent of Democrats felt
the same way you know we saw this that
the run-up to the Iraq war and Rob
Ryder's movie shock and awe touches on a
little bit but you know we talked in up
and I don't know have the dates off the
top of my head but I mean it might still
be that 40% of Americans believe that
Saddam Hussein had something to do with
9/11 I mean the the power of sort of a
endlessly
wellwe've piece of propaganda oh I can
be very effective also it made sense
that that what why else would we be
going into Iraq if he didn't have
something to do with 9/11 so we're you
know look that we've said this before
and we're not that bright overall we're
not we're easily swayed by hard
propaganda and by soft propaganda and
that's because it works it's worked over
time it's worked it works that it's
effective yes two things about that in
terms of
the numbers only 31 percent of
Republicans are sure that it there was
the Russian did not interfere I'm
surprised that numbers that low right
now mind you everyone another nineteen
percent say they're somewhat sure yeah
there's no about about fifty percent so
about half right even that is low so
like don't get me wrong
every Republican politician in the
country - Trump says yes the Russians
definitely appeared every intelligence
official says it's a four or bunker okay
and you know you're right there's like
three or four left it congressmen who
are still left going no no definite
Russia no Russia's great I don't know
what you're talking about Russia is the
best friend we have they would never do
that to us besides Putin said some right
an even Trump has admitted after saying
a thousand times they had nothing to do
with it
yeah they did and I've always said that
they meddled right he even put out a
videotape of a couple of times where he
said it so how could it be that nearly
half of Republicans because Ben's right
propaganda works because Trump says they
did it three times says they didn't do
it a thousand times and we're in our
camps and we just it's amazing how well
Lies work you just have to have one
camps leader repeat the lie of thousand
times but it's an uneven playing field
because one side lies and lies on
purpose the other side doesn't even make
its own case let alone lying
yeah and for those who think that those
of that we and other people on this
panel have been hoodwinked by propaganda
by anti-russia propaganda and trumped
arrangement syndrome you know for the
Iraq war lies those lies and the lies to
the extent that many in the intelligence
community were behind it many in the
intelligence community we now were
screaming no no no and they were
overruled by their bosses one there no
leaks here right there's nobody inside
there's no f CIA agent goes no they're
not lying you know they're not telling
the truth John Brennan is lying on this
light on the other thing right you know
and it serves the people in packets that
lie served the people in power in the
Bush administration right that piece of
propaganda this lie is is literally
challenging the people in power that is
enough reason
all by itself to understand that weird
that they're on Russia this is not a
piece of propaganda so really really fat
so I definitely think this conversation
is interesting but I am also in terms of
the Supreme Court first yes certainly
can
this week been worse politically judge
Sandberg rules as follows please Justice
Sandberg Justice Center no mere did you
go to law school it was not president
Trump's worst week politically his worst
week politically was around health care
this might have been his worst week
legally ultimately because it could be
public evidence of treason but for
better for us what voters respond to and
I think that's what informs the question
of whether it's the worst week
politically is this question of whether
President Trump is on your side and I
think that in his presidency the moment
when it was clearest that President
Trump is absolutely not on anyone's side
but big business and pharmaceutical
companies was there in health care
situation yes so I'll give a my cute
answer first and then kind of my real
answer the cutesy answer is his worst
week was the week that he passed the tax
cuts and like that's what they think was
his best week that's conventional wisdom
but the reality is catching up with them
in terms of the voters it's now down to
only one-third popularity because the
people so where is it where's the guy I
thought it was gonna come to me standing
there beginning to realize no it just
went to the rich just like we told you
and they're starting to get more and
more angry but worse than that is that
it has created a bubble in the stock
market period no question about it
and bubbles burst and when he burst
that's when Trump gets kicked out by his
fellow Republicans now having said that
and that is substantively probably the
correct answer but in terms of
Republicans beginning to turn the
Maelstrom and it has been one Maelstrom
after another after another
but the tariffs were last week and it
was already like the Republicans none of
the don't Republican donors agree with
Trump on on the tariffs so they all the
Republicans
would always be like yes sir absolutely
sir on Donald Trump the one set of
people they care about more than Trump
as their donors so when the donors were
like Telma shut up about the tariffs all
of a sudden even Orrin Hatch and
everybody was like screw Trump he does
know what he's talking about right and
then this week this thing lines like a
bombshell when he goes in kisses Putin's
ass and the Lissie grams of the world
are like no every Republican that
actually has like just 1% of a conscious
about what have we been saying our whole
lives our whole lives I cannot turn
around in one week and now tell you that
a lot of our Putin's a really good guy
in a saint and he's got America's best
interest and we should believe him above
our own intelligence community no no I
can so that's two strikes in a row and
then these tapes are coming out and
these tapes are going to be disastrous
so and in a sense every week is the
worst it's getting worse and worse and
worse so in then ok fine I'll vote this
week interesting are you done is there
any time left for justice bang you know
you read that poll and I'm never wearing
my contact lenses again by the way the
your poll was 32 percent approved 55
percent disapproved that sounds like
another poll had it 40 and 56 but a
HuffPost YouGov survey had at 40% of
proving in 36 disapproving if there was
a if the question were worded in a way
to allow for more people to say yeah I
don't really know I wasn't following the
news then Trump does batters and of
course he his people are gonna hang
their hat on that poll right I get that
later so that said I think it was his
worst week because of the last point
that Jake made sort of this was the
first time even though Lindsey Graham
the next day when Trump apologized like
take the president his word that he
misspoke a lot of people talk that way
it's kind of language people use all the
time they say would when they meant
would not know I was using triple triple
quadruple quintuple sex double negatives
that's a regular way of speaking it's
not a big deal and so but the
was a fissure in Republicans and the
fact that only 68% are buying you know
68% of Republicans approved of his
handling of the summit that's not a good
number for him he likes those numbers in
the eighties so I will say politically
it's his worst week it wasn't his worst
week as a person it was like last week's
is a person politically yeah I think III
agree with you every week is just so
terrible like we do we do on the day of
work at the end of each week we look
back and just say what's all the crazy
stuff that happened and even that like
it's too much you can't remember it even
if you try to I remember he had people
around him that supposedly were reining
in his worst instincts and stopping him
from being really crazy and then those
people steadily left it we said at the
time like what if like he actually goes
insane I think this week might have been
a demonstration of that let me ask you
guys one quick question so with my
closest friend I don't want to mention
his name dan Hamilton right and so and
he may and I made a bet at the beginning
of the Trump presidency
$20 per person like per people he names
as his closest advisors in his cabinet
he said there will be as many standard
awful but establishment Republicans who
will turn him back to a course that
doesn't go off the tracks and I said no
he's going to surround himself with
incompetence and crazies and what how
much money just rally do you think I am
owed at this point $480 it's
overwhelmingly like he gets general
mattis yeah so look III wonder does he
recover from this I don't know I mean
that look at the Republican opposition
to him was somewhat vocal like I don't
think we've really reached this much
vocal opposition since The Hollywood
Reporter tapes but how much action has
there actually been I mean they Bluff so
those real Hollywood Reporter tapes come
out when people hear them that will sink
him that will totally but but I do
wonder if he'll be able to sort of get
it back together I mean he looked pretty
ridiculous but that said I don't know I
want to say that politically in the
short term I mean the the Democratic
Congressional advantage
had been really big and then it started
to dip a few months ago that's right and
it did go back up and when it went back
up was when the family separation policy
was unveiled yeah that in terms of
political weakness going into the
midterms was a huge turning point I'm
not sure that's right I'm not sure I
agree with you there now I'm not sure
that we could chart that dip to that
turnaround that outrage dust it should
outrage all outrage all people with a
son and problem SS the country like 400
yes but also a message to his voters I
mean that was deliberate that was hey
man immigration get motivated this is
this is our stand this is our line in
the ground so I think that they liked
that and I just don't know I'd love to
see proof that that's when it the
country apparently was the inset policy
that's still scary but but that said III
do think that this was this was pretty
chaotic I think that it might have
slightly emboldened some of his critics
to think we can criticize them and as
long as we don't have a primary right
now won't actually sink our careers and
also I kind of want to be a little bit
hopeful and assume that we're on the
upswing so play I think that politically
this has been very damaging him and I
would say that at this point is probably
worse politically format of his
presidency let me get one point in in
support of my dissenting opinion strong
was that strong dissent from justice
Sandberg then I'd opposed to the panel
if you had one issue one only issue to
run against Trump in the midterms would
it be what happened this week with
Russia because that's of course not so
if that's not the one issue you'd pick
then dozen that week in the case that
there was his worst political week no
it's a great great point but I'm but I'm
gonna say no and I'll tell you why
although John almost got me to vote
against them and it changed my vote
because nobody seriously because you
made a good point to John about the
child separation which was really
damaging right that mighty that's
certainly up there for his one of his
worst weeks but but Joe the reason why I
disagree is not because you're not right
about what do you run on you run on
policy you're 100% right on that and so
then they were not gonna run on this but
the the way to undermine Trump is not to
keep calling him a monster we all or the
whole country knows it well what
Democrats are missing because they live
in their own bubble is some people don't
they want a monster right so they keeps
reinforcing a thing that's a positive
for them like no you don't understand he
really hates immigrants they're like
yeah that's so do i right right so right
but for the first time and this will put
me over the top he's gonna say something
that I am 100% agree with I know you're
gonna say fascinating let's see if it's
true okay for the first time he started
to seem weak was that it
he looked stupid he looked he looked bad
he looked fine language he was a
goofball he was an undeniable goofball
even to people who instinctively sorta
like he was and he was standing next to
a guy who actually is strong that's
right I don't like his strength
I think it's monstrous but he is strong
and juxtaposed to Putin even if they
deny it that seve got planted in
Republican and independent heads maybe
he's not strong if he's a weakling you
know and all you need to do is you know
once the he has a real alpha male in the
room or whatever he cowers maybe he's a
joke maybe he's a joke exactly that's
why I did a hundred loser Donald
segments before the election because
that's how you have to attack him not
hey he's a bad guy we all already know
that Hillary had a hundred percent wrong
strategy if you can miss him the Donald
Trump is weak he's done for he's got
nothing left that's why this was the
worst week too easy wasteful Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
