Rosie and bars next rows n bar is still
defending her racist tweets about
Valerie Jarrett and it you know what I
don't have a word for it just take a
look you've told me this 300 times do
you know that if that's what my tweet
was about I know you've explained this
literally founder bitch was white um so
this is a remark interview posted on
Rosen's official YouTube page of course
valerie jarrett is a black woman she
worked for the Obama administration bar
has also gone back and forth between
apologizing for these comments and
defending them I think it's obvious
we're back on defending them custard to
lose her her job on her own show are you
sure not affected her much losing show
seems she was pretty well adjusted in
this post Roseanne reboot state who
smokes still I'm everyone who still
smokes blows me away I think what she's
smoking so I like been always finding
the most salient point yeah that looks
that video goes smoking's the problem
okay so let's note a couple of things
here first of all she says she's good
now
it was the ambien that did it originally
does she look good to you okay
secondly and here's the bizarre part
it's posted on her YouTube page she's
proud of this so there's a way that you
could have avoid this by not posting it
me III right away thought she was
kidding
I mean that one I thought in this one
she was kidding like I thought this and
it so I just I assumed it was a mock I
mean I don't think I don't think it was
a successful kid right I wouldn't be
like Oh Bravo well done yeah it's just
so unlike the comedy she's done yeah
that's true the comedy she's done has
been like it was like to be
and like yeah you forget about that
stuff I'll defuse this moment with a
joke right not I thought the bitch was
white not like Ryze get noticeably more
open wish and jazz she's shaking her
head as she shouting it yeah yeah it's
not her comedy to do this and by the way
if you thought Valerie Jarrett was white
why did you say that she's a mix of the
Muslim Brotherhood and Planet of the
Apes so like what about being white
would trigger that tweet is there a
stereotype about whites being like Apes
and Muslim Brotherhood also knows
unfamiliar with that we care there's a
mixed heritage she's like half European
and half black both her parents are
mixed in the same ways I think she was
born in Iran to non-iranian parents
right they were just working there so
that's their hook that she secretly
wrote the Iran deal the diplomats wrote
not that not a political adviser to the
White House and but the the notion that
she was mistaken about Valerie Jarrett
given the context of the joke it's just
a lie that's just made up that I think
she's convinced herself in this terrible
sad way like no I did think right now
and she's gonna stick to it because look
at what she's already lost because of
the obvious races overtones of what she
said yeah she she said in other
interviews I horribly regret it I've
lost everything and she went on to say
so first of all you might say yeah you
regret it because you lost everything
nobody actually regrets statement but
it's possible that it's both yeah well
look I don't know how much of her
previous fortune she blew but does it
seem like she might be a rational actor
that might save money for the future I
don't know probably not but she said I
know I've done wrong I'm willing to
accept what the consequences are and I
do and I have that's what she was trying
to you know do the right and then she
posts this and do we apparently she
hasn't learned anything and doesn't
think it was wrong now there's another
video posted on the same channel roughly
the same time where it's a minute long
statement and at the end she says the
reason that she's been taken
is because she voted for Donald Trump
and you're not allowed to do that and
work in Hollywood they gave you the show
out everyone knew be another chance
after chance this is not the first black
woman she has called a monkey that's
right yeah chance after chance after
chance he thought they were all white
right Roseanne's going why is that white
woman criticized two easy ways follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
