hello so quite a lot of you have been
curious on social media about my writing
because I have been sharing more about
writing but I think it's a fun thing to
think about and social media feels so
redundant in so many ways that actually
the writing space and as I like a
community collective thing to do is a
really big way there makes sense for me
I'm like oh my god this is what social
media would be very useful for so I have
been sharing more about what I've been
writing and I wanted to go in today
about how I'm doing with it what I am
doing why I'm doing it and the methods
that I am using presently it is the 26th
of November which is
almost finished with National Novel
Writing Month now two years ago you
might remember I did a video about how I
completed National Novel Writing Month
which is a challenge where you have to
write 50,000 words in a month did it it
nearly killed me
I really enjoyed it I wrote more than
I've ever written in my whole life and I
wrote a book with some really good
chapters in it and a lot of so in
some ways it like it kind of knocked my
confidence because I have written so
fast they actually wrote utter and
but it also gained confidence skills
like oh I am capable of writing a 50,000
word book and maybe if I spent leave a
longer and it might be even intelligible
where do I start from in November last
year I had an idea for a book
I've been writing a different thing and
lots of other kind of little things and
some poetry and I had this idea for a
book that just got me and I was like oh
 I have to do that so I kind of
stopped everything else I was doing to
work on it I was outlining and drafting
ideas for like six months after six
months of writing various conversations
between between characters like drawing
out character histories outlining what
the concept of the book and I wrote a
outline and the outline at the current
count is 23 pages long so it's literally
everything that happens in the book it
started as a 24 page and then through
some like kind of writing advice I got
from this incredible podcast and called
writing excuses I decided to keep
packing out the outline until I was
happy with it so it ended up being a 23
outline since then so that was after six
months so yeah like May ish I started
really writing the book and I didn't
start at the beginning but I did take
out like I copy and paste a paragraph or
my outline and then try and write that
section of the book and then do that
again and again so I was doing that on
my own before work a lot of the time and
then also like in coffee shops with
friends and which is really nice
and I have some really nice writing
buddies that I'll be like Jonna me and
Pratt at this time after work and
they're like yeah sure and we'll do like
two hours and like that we'll set a
timer on one of our phones for like 20
minutes 25 minutes right for that I'm
out of time not as two talk to each
other and then we're allowed to have
like a 10-15 minute break to chat to
each other about what we're doing the
outline like what worried about and then
we do again so I was really enjoying
that and I think was that like
15 15 thousand words it took me a long
time to get that first bit down because
I wanted to get the voice right I think
sometimes the advice for people is like
just write and then fix it in post and
I'm like yeah but when you're really
starting a book and I think like this is
my I'm still considering this my first
book and like it's so hard to get the
voice right and to get like the sense of
what you're doing and I didn't see the
point in in like bouldering through and
writing a whole book in the wrong tone
the wrong tense with the wrong main
character and only to have to do it all
again so I did work really hard on that
first 10,000 words to make sure it was
the tone just had the the spirit of the
book that I wanted and then I picked up
the pace of writing and wrote another
million words so I continued writing
probably about like - about the 30,000
word point in a faster fashion it's like
not worrying quite as much because I
kind of knew the essence of the book and
the tone and and it I was just faster of
writing at that point and also just a
lot more determined cuz I was like this
book needs to come out of me it's like
kind of like being in them in the mid
levels of labor where you're like just
get it out of me I've been waiting in
this waiting room for 10 minutes my
waters broke like 20 hours ago well
that's how I imagined is
so yeah I kind of like blitz through it
a bit more then and then now it's
National Novel Writing Month and I did
try and blitz at the beginning but then
I had such a busy so again it's like the
thing of most people have full-time jobs
so I think sometimes you can watch
people on NaNoWriMo and they're like I
am just blitzing through it of and they
hit 50,000 words every year it's usually
because they're students they don't have
home responsibilities like children or
they're not carers or they're like don't
have full-time jobs that sometimes like
with any jobs sometimes bleeds outside
of the lines of the contracted hours
you're in so especially when you're
full-time in an office you're often
asked to work lots of extra time that
you're not necessarily paid for and
whereas like with by work that was so
easy because I could just be like I'm
going because you're not paying me I
think there's always like unpredictable
things in a month that you can forgive
yourself for so this week I haven't
written I've written about this whole
week but the week before I wrote quite a
lot so I've written about twelve
thousand seven hundred and fifty-one
words in November so far and I'm pretty
happy with that that's way more than I
would have written and definitely having
the graph that they have I'll show you
this way you can like note down what you
do every day more your average is so my
average per day is 490 words which is
still pretty good I think and so yeah
and like I find none Oromo a weird thing
to do because it's kind of like really
motivating but also can have pressures
and like leads to comparison sometimes
and yet I really enjoy it so at the
moment I my whole book is forty-three
thousand six hundred ninety one words
are so bloody proud of and I'm really
enjoying it and some of the tools that
have really got me going I got some
funding last year from YouTube I used it
to buy this camera because at the time I
didn't own my own camera I'd been
borrowing cameras for years and I also
invested in masterclass calm hashtag not
sponsored at all I wish and where it's
kind of like Skillshare but
like four really so they've got like
Serena Williams teaching tennis and
you've got like Gordon Ramsay teaching
teaching cooking and you also have Judy
Blume teaching writing for children and
some screenwriters and Margaret Atwood
teaching writing which is really cool
and the one that helped me the most
actually that I watched the whole way
through was James Patterson's lessons on
writing which I wasn't expecting to love
but found the most granularly helpful
like he's so I found his his advice very
specific and really applied to the traps
that I fall into when I'm writing and
actually taking hints from a crime
writer even though I'm not writing crime
to of a scary cat to write crime and the
pacing issues and the structural stuff
is what annoys me I think what you have
to pay attention to in books to be happy
with your own writing is work out what
really pisses you off about a book that
makes you think it's bad book and make
sure you're not doing it in your writing
because you won't be happy with it and
and one thing for me is like books that
are too slow books that aren't
structured properly books where you
can't tell that you can tell that they
didn't plan the end so James Patterson
actually his even though I've never read
a James Patterson book and he has his
like tutorials helped me a lot writing
excuses is a free podcast that I listen
to all the time I'm addicted and it's
like for fantasy writers and talking
about pop structures and character
development and how to write about
weighty topics and like all of these
things it's like a whole huge
masterclass in writing and it's so good
I've been reading little bits here and
there so I've read a bit of like
Scarlett Thomas's and monkeys with
typewriters I've been using raise that
novel which I can't show you too much of
because like it's got all my writing got
like things like this we can plot the
plot asks you loads of hard questions
about your characters so like I don't
want to show you too much to the writing
of like character outline so you can ask
you stuff like the education level of
your character what's the disposition
what's their political and religious
beliefs and it makes you like
a bit harder about what you're trying to
do and it makes you're at the timeline
of your book it gives you space to write
out like the timetable of your
characters and what they might do in a
normal day and like a first I was
skeptical but again if you see its
pattern with myself I'm always skeptical
about things but they turn to work out
quite well for me yeah I actually find
found it super helpful when I was
beginning this is like my before the
outline I filled out quite a lot of this
and that really really helped me at the
beginning what the real sources have I
been using I think that's it really
because also I think you can fall into
the trap of getting so obsessed with the
material using to research writing you
don't actually is going with the writing
so I've been trying not fall into that
trap even though there's so much good
stuff out there it's very easy to yeah
that's how my writing is going I just
wanted to let you know I wanted to hear
how your writing is going and the next
steps for me is like finishing the book
which i think is going to take a long
time I'm I think I might take me another
six months to a year to finish what lots
of people call the trash draft so you
don't get excited about being able to
read it any time soon but I just really
I'm I'm really enjoying it and I am
finding that it's a really good reason
to set aside time for myself as well and
stop going out as much and chilling out
a bit as I am nearing 30 yeah I'm just
really enjoying writing for the sake of
it and Brian because I really care about
the characters and because I'm like
obsessed with how this plot might work
yeah the next steps for me are really
finishing it and then also like finding
some beta beta readers once I'm kind of
happy with it because I want to see how
other people feel about it and why
missing and so picking those people
carefully people that probably aren't in
the industry you're just like readers
and then but like also would get the
time type of book I'm trying to write
and not be like oh I wish it was like
this and I'm like well it's not a genre
book what else can I tell you about
telling you the bloody plot it's magical
realism predictable and it's not why a I
don't think it's commercial fiction I
think but also
it's like hard to tell what it is before
you've written it but obviously I spend
all day around books and the
infrastructure that sells books so I'm
obviously like thinking about shelving
marks before I finished it but yeah are
you guys writing I think some of you are
because you're very curious about my
writing when I post about it on social
media so let me know in the comments
below if you are and what you're up to
and any tips and tricks you have for
writing my biggest tricks are from this
video writing with a friend not all the
time but often and not making a big
thing of it just like it kind of like
fancy it today after work listening to
some writing advice because even if you
disagree with it it's a good way to make
you think about different aspects of the
plot you might not have considered
thinking out properly and three make
time for it I let you book it in my
diary like it's a person because your
book is a person deserves respect and if
not ditching on it all the time and
flaking on it so that's something that
I've struggled with in the past but I
think I'm getting better at is actually
committing the time to it and stop
chewing your friend's ears off about
writing a book and actually
write the book so writing the
book okay I hope you're doing well thank
you for watching if you would like to
support this channel you can turn off
your ad blockers you could tell a friend
if you enjoyed the video and you think
they might enjoy it share it with them
you could join the gumption Club which
is a cup of people who tip me for these
free videos upper out because they are
kind souls and in exchange they get a
audio download of a poetry collection
that I wrote they get to add me on
Goodreads they get to be part of a
secret Facebook group called the
gumption Club where we share ideas and
problems and share resources and I
sometimes livestream in there and it's
super fun so if you want to join that
you can click the description what else
thank you basically for watching you
already supporting the channel by
watching ok I'm gonna get on with the
writing now stop talking about it like
the dick that I am okay
