a lower level oh it has been absolutely
bloody ages since I have sat down and
chats you about some books I've been
reading so I thought I would do that
today this year I seem to be absolutely
inhaling books and I've lost my goal on
Goodreads I seem to have started like
maybe twice as many books so I haven't
finished various uses some of them are
great some of the wrongs I write but
I've been I don't know just this year
I've been so ignited by how many great
books have been coming out and some kind
of like old books I've been discovering
too but I guess I guess all of these new
books that I'm going to show you they're
all published in the last couple of
years as with my reading taste it's a
mixture of fiction and nonfiction and I
think I probably read between 20 and 30
books to see a bit but here are some
ones that have really stuck out to me is
important and ones that I can't believe
I haven't mentioned to you yet first one
is this incredible book fall down seven
times get up eight the author's first
book was the reason I jump which was a
huge bestseller and this is his second
book a young man's voice from the
silence of autism I picked this one up
because I was looking to read more
translated text and this one is
translated from Japanese the reason it
was actually came to prominence in his
first book the reason I jumped is
because David Mitchell and who's a
really famous author in the
english-speaking language has a son I
think that has autism and he was looking
for a book that would guide him in that
way and be from the perspective of an
autistic person rather than like a
medical journal or a kind of self-help
but for parents and he found this book
in Japanese and was absolutely captured
by it and was the person to really push
for it to be translated into English and
and and it was really behind it he was
also one of the people that helped
translate it and I just find it a really
interesting publishing story passage to
fame and I just I think that is such a
worthy bestseller is well-known ones
that you see at the top of the charts
and you're like this is why this book is
a gem and I think an antidote to
society's obsession with the misery
memoir and and kind of crocodile tears
it talks about the word for autism and
Japanese which conveys an image of
people locking themselves inside
themselves and and so he kind of places
like this idea of self imprisonment as
an autistic
person who is completely non speaking
and the misconception that their
unrelatable - and and they're the ones
are trapped it's more it's more of our
unwillingness to include and to see the
huge openness in autistic people that
imprisons them rather than the autism
itself which I thought was like really
fascinating and also he just like shed
some light on all of the really
interesting ways he sees the world like
there like the fact that he doesn't
perceive linear time in the same way so
when his classmates were all away from
the summer and like became shy when they
came back in September because they were
like oh we don't know each other anymore
he didn't have that conceptually found
the shyness really fascinating because
to him they hadn't been away that long
and the unfamiliarity wasn't there in
the same way and he like it was a way
that he kind of sustained closeness of
people and familiarity in situations
because his perception of linear time
wasn't the same anyway that's a good
example of that like some of the things
in this book there's so much more and
it's one that I've just kept on my shelf
because I think it's I you know I get
all the pages cuz I think is just a
beautiful book and also a really good
obviously reading yourself it's also
really great gifting book I think a lot
of different kinds of people would
really enjoy it and find it um
insightful and I don't know I'm just
beautiful the next book is a style book
I don't usually feature that many style
books and stuff on my channel but I
absolutely love this one this is one it
is called plus it is an absolutely buffs
book and of lots of women who are in
verticals plus-sized having bloody
amazing style and out styling everybody
else right this is it's just an
incredible book to flip flew all of the
and photography is great they've got
quotes one of these amazing women who
and have been featured in it and I just
I think it it gives it gives dignity and
not sympathy and it's not like
patronizingly empowering and like you
can do it it's it's more just like here
are some people who are really great
addressing my favorites victory is in it
and the production quality is brilliant
and it's just something that I'm
probably always going to keep in my
shelves to dip into because I think it's
such a little boost and it's something
that sometimes I'll go to Instagram for
but this is such a nice positive
collection of offline and style
inspiration and like positive thoughts
about weight and I think it is an
absolute essential for your shell there
is a tendency to look at these books and
think oh that you know these books are
for plus-size people to find stuff that
suits them that actually is just the
great like style inspiration timeless
book that you can get an inspiration
whatever size you are next up is the
friendship cure by Kate leaver I read
this quite awhile ago and I was
absolutely floored by it and now she
conceives an advanced reading copy and I
was published in March and I still
haven't got around to reviewing it not
because I hated it because I bloody
loved it and I've gotta stop saying
bloody in this video but I bloody loved
it I wanted to kind of read it again
before talking about it but it's getting
late and I want to talk about it and I I
love it and I I kind of want to read it
again and then make a video about my
thoughts on it and things I have
discovered about myself because of it
and I just wanted to give it a mention
as soon as possible in this video it's
something that I jumped at reading
because I feel like it's something that
a lot of people need and something that
isn't talked about very much and it's
not like there's so many books on
relationships there's so many books on
careers and this is you know the idea of
friendship is this thing that's supposed
to happen naturally to you and you're
supposed to be able to navigate without
the same kind of levels of discussion
and problems and I think when you have
problems in friendship it's a bit more
shameful it feels like it should be a
thing that it's obvious and Ellice it's
just not even you know I I even for
somebody who's like fairly sociable and
and finds and conversations people are
easy and I still find some of the
intricacies of friendship and the ways
that I'm supposed to act towards in and
conduct it really confusing this is a
kind of like social sociological backed
up with some science and and a lot of
psychology kind of look at loneliness
and the importance of company and the
importance of quality company and it's
I'm just gonna pull out a few things I
finally saw Forex I don't want to try
and summarize the whole
book in you know a couple of minutes one
of the experiments our family
fascinating and I wanted to pull out was
this former they hoped people up to some
machines don't ask me what kind of
machines I'm not I'm just the reader I'm
not the I'm not the writer his
scientific experiment suggested and that
the feeling of being excluded lift up
the door Cyril in age really a sacral
herbed cortex in the brain of the
participants the very same area of the
brain that regulates physical pain so
the idea of loneliness and exclusion is
actually you know it has the same kind
of reaction to physical pain but we
don't take it seriously and we don't
really look at the long-term effects of
that so that was really interesting she
talks about launching an aggressive
campaign of kindness and how we can
resonate that loneliness is more
dangerous than smoking 15 cigarettes a
day and deadlier than obesity because it
kills more people loneliness can
increase our chances of developing
clinical dementia by 64% now I as far as
and terrifying stat but yes she could
have talked about the nuances of
friendship break of friendship breakups
the masculinity and the politics of
bromance and the quality of company is
also interesting
she says the scariest thing about
loneliness is that it can exist in the
presence of love loneliness isn't
frightened of company it doesn't scamper
around or the sound of another human's
voice or disappear in the company of
others loneliness is perfectly happy to
come to a party with you pleased as
punch to accompany you on outings with
people you know and perhaps even a door
loneliness is audacious like that it
doesn't care who you're with and it
doesn't care what you're doing it it
kind of talks about the difference
between company and companionship and
and my house would nurture quality
friendships this one also hit home
because I think and that's something I
struggle with is like who who to
prioritize in my life and and how
nostalgia plays into that and and how
and it can inhibit like real connections
so if the friend isn't so it talks about
toxic friendship but it also talks about
and you know why we treat relationships
in this way that's like a clear break
where you know with you're with someone
you're not with somebody and then like
the gray area a friendship and how
painful that can be
and if the friend isn't toxic but your
lives are diverged to a point where this
not even nostalgia or respect can
salvage it then you've got to plug up
the
courage to say we've become different
people and a side addition to continue
this friendship so yeah it talks about
that as well which I thought was just
really interesting and something I
hadn't thought about before and also the
relationship between squads and and
squad goals
friendship and like the display of
friendship versus the actual act of it
anyway the next one is approach
reflection I had to order over from the
states and I picked it because the title
is brilliant run away from me get back
here I picked it because the title is
boss there are more beautiful things
than Beyonce by Morgan Parker and also
because Roxane gay blurb dear thirdly
because foil and form on poetry books
never happens so I was very excited and
I thought this is an absolutely
beautiful collection of poems and it
they're very sharp it talks about the
nature of blackness and womanhood and
how those things intersect it talks
about pain is very tender in the way
it's told I don't know how to really
like capture if it was just I just felt
like I was in a trance the whole time I
was reading it I read it kind of like in
almost the sitting and a bit I just felt
completely transported by it I felt like
the like her voice is so
all-encompassing and all and kind of
like it just consumes you it's just I
don't know how to it has it has this
really clever motif running through it
about Beyonce and that you can kind of
probably tell from some of the titles of
the poems a poem on Beyonce's birthday
Beyonce on the line for Gaga beyond see
is sorry for what she won't feel very
bad Beyonce what Beyonce won't say on a
shrinks couch Beyonce prepares a will
and it gave them my lap it was also some
just other poems they're brilliant
particularly the president has never
said the word black that was one of my
favorites
and a really great one called the
president's wife about being the first
anything there's also really funny poem
about like kind of sarcastic and really
hard-hitting about and it's called afro
and it's about the things that she hides
in her hair so see if I can find it it's
like I'm hiding secrets and weapons in
there
buttermilk pancake cardboard boxes of
purple juice a magic word our auntie
Angela spoke into her fists and released
into hot black evening like gum
powder or cool 40 yards of cheap wax
prints
the autobiography of malcolm x and it
goes on like that it's just a brilliant
one if you're thinking of picking up a
new poetry collection absolute superb
and then lastly and i wanted to talk
about sheila Hattie's motherhood
I have not physically been able to
control myself from shouting people
about this book I've tried to do it and
my Politis the most enthusiastic
likeable tones but I just want to be
like especially given that the
Irish referendum has just happened and
it was a great result for all and it it
it's a book that in a very what
shouldn't be daring but is there any way
asks the question why the hell would you
want to be a mother and it's a really
fair like it it versus a lot of things
because it's a fictionalized but still
first-person account of her thoughts
about motherhood she dares to go to a
lot of places that I think is the point
of literature is there to voice those
things that feel awkward to say and play
with them without having to commit a
permanent attachment to them or or like
a real world personality to those
thoughts does not make any sense she's
getting to this age where it feels like
it's an urgent decision to make and the
Sheila or the voice that Sheila is
portraying in the book asks why she
feels like she should be a mother rather
than just maybe wanting to or not
Washington there's a feeling of and
and and how you have to have this really
good excuse if you don't want to she
wonders whether she'll regret it and she
talks about what there is to lose from
not becoming a mother and it's really
it's it it it comes to really like fair
I think comes to a very like fair and
and doesn't tear down the idea of being
a mother in general but the personal
obligation to be a mother and I think
it's there it has all these thoughts
that aren't there to like although
there's like some parts of it that some
people might I don't know I feel like
some people might find it offensive if
they're like really invested in
motherhood as a thing that is important
for every woman but I think it's there
the book is there to redress so much of
the heavy waiting of like
be the entitlement the society has to
women's bodies and and how they should
become mothers I actually pulled
together on medium a list of like and
quotes I loved from the book because I
wanted to kind of like share why I loved
it by just being like listen to this bit
because that's how I tell people about
books a lot in real life is just running
up to them and trying to read to them
from the book to be like listen is so
I'm just gonna read one of those
passages but I'll link the article that
I wrote below why are we still having
children why was it so important for a
doctor that I did a woman must have
children because she must be occupied
when I think of all the people who want
to forbid abortions it seems that I can
it can only mean one thing not that they
want this new person in the world but
they want that woman to be doing the
work of child-rearing more than they
want her to be doing anything else
there is something threatening about a
woman who is not occupied with children
there is something at loose ends feeling
about such a woman what is she going to
be doing is dead what sort of trouble
will she make and it talks a lot about
this binary idea of like and being a not
mother and and being the negative of
somebody else is positive and and and in
general I'm just gonna be shouting about
a lot because I've little of it and
anyway then as the books that I've been
loving recently there's lots more that
I've read so I will try and talk well of
all at some point let me know what you
are reading in the comments below I will
leave a list of all the books I've
talked about there too if you would like
to support this channel you can read
more about a thing called the gumption
club which not a lot of people know
about can read more about that below -
you're gonna be very busy down there
um and then what else have I got to say
that's it I hope you're having a great
year so far and I'll see you in my next
one
look up I can't focus someone needs to
get done oh my notice open it alright
you think I'm tap it but I'm
misdiagnosed cuz all my socket I seen
all the way up
