slow guys I have found you a unicorn a
unicorn this is a straight white male
but gets it so jack has written a book
called man up
it's drowning down with man up surviving
on modern masculinity and I've read this
and I'll be honest I was ready to be
like let's say 2% mmm well there might
be some and then literally everything in
it I was like I agree you get it you've
included and what I would say is the
best thing for us to ask you stupid
questions I'm just going to say the best
thing about this book isn't that there
is a chapter at the beginning but it's
like I know this happens to women's too
and like you don't need to call me out
for it because I already know blah blah
now let's proceed with 10 chapters about
men you literally we've feminism the
whole way through it you're always in
every paragraph you're like and this is
probably how women experienced it and
that's probably a little bit less right
yeah so I think you haven't just like
shoved it away in a chapter and would be
like and now we will proceed with my
problem no I mean it's it's something
that it it's very important in the grand
scheme of things and I don't think I
could have written this book without
feminism and I kind of feel a bit guilty
for you know all the attention this book
is getting everyone saying this is a
brave brilliant thing because for the
most part these ideas on that original
they've a lot of them have been touched
upon before but by women so now everyone
saying like oh this man has written a
book about being a man before so I feel
like I kind of owe it to them to at
least admit that so tell me how you came
to writing this book what happened I
guess the first thing is my dad died
yeah my favorite subheading in a chapter
is so yeah I might so yeah my dad died
and that was shit yep so my dad died
just before I turned 10 suddenly of a
heart attack it was complete shock but
we got the results of the postmortem
back which showed scar tissue want us
her the indicated a previous heart
attack and then a little while later
we found over the counter and drain of
medication in one of its jacket pockets
so it was clear that he knew he was
having problems with his heart he was
obviously in a lot of pain but it never
occurred to him to go to a doctor or to
talk to his wife about it and so that
kind of you know they didn't they didn't
really come to that realization until a
few years later when I was going through
a period of depression and it kind of
struck me that as men we are absolutely
terrible at talking about these things
and in the case of my father in the case
of a lot of men it's literally killing
us so I kind of wanted to look into the
causes of this you know why we're so bad
it's something that should be so easy
and I'm in the book you kind of take it
one step further and say my father was
killed by masculinity would you say that
which is really like interesting job to
make I'm actually probably an accurate
one although for me it was like shocking
to read because I was like oh can you
say that yeah because so much of this
emotional repression comes from this
idea that men need to be strong you know
we have this idea of the strong silent
type of male and clearly it's not a
strength it's a weakness but yeah I do
believe that had he been a bit more
emotionally available and you know
bothered to go to a doctor a couple of
times in his life it's hard to say you
can't you know I can't say could ever
know that he would still be alive but I
think he would have stood a chance at at
least getting a few more years yeah so
you're a man that's true you believe in
like you're trying to talk about the
rights of men and you're quite an active
person does that make you happy MRA
absolutely not
no actually I I was kind of anticipating
that when I wrote the initial bites
article because it is a difficult
subject to discuss because so many of
the people who are you know having this
conversation are of this awful MRA breed
know the response from all sides of
spring' know I had
after that article I had feminists
praising it you know they were probably
the biggest supporters of it but there
were also men from these deep dark cons
to the internet he was saying like this
is proof the men have problems too but
then of course they went on to blame it
on feminism which is not a detention I'm
guessing the book was an hour at that
point yeah it's very difficult thing
because I some of the points that mr
aides make perfectly legitimate you know
they they will talk about problems
facing men such as their gender
disparity and suicide rates you know men
take their lives at three to four times
the rate of women which is absolutely
wild and you know that's clearly a
massive problem but they don't really
seem too concerned about doing anything
to fix this they just you know would say
this is a problem of feminism this is
the flaws of women and the kind of
pitching us against one another rather
than encouraging us to work together to
actually better humanity for resolve
because I feel like three out of four
deaths like aren't caused by women
killing men no I'm just like I think you
misunderstood the thing it's men who are
doing this so clearly it is a problem of
ourselves and I don't you know I I
understand the point they are trying to
make but I just don't think there is any
logic in saying like this is the fault
of feminism it's it's these women who
destroyed men's lives have you talked to
some of the MRA people it's I've had a
few encounters I mostly tried to avoid
it for the most part because I I
disagree with what they stand for and I
think you know like I say they do make
some legitimate points but I think
they're making this point for the wrong
reasons and I think for the most part
they're actually damaging men probably
damaged themselves yeah so I try not to
be too neither hug me you know I'm very
supportive of anything that saves lives
or you know gets men away from these
toxic ideas I'm asking
but I don't believe they're doing that
an actual fact I think they are dealer
just amazing the points that people like
me are trying to make and turning people
who would be supported sterling
feminists against against the issues
faced by men so it's yes it's just not
helpful to the cause I have written on
my phone I'm making notes about what to
ask you and very tired Lina wrote lad
Bible healthy humor to laugh off Stig of
masculine oppression or sign of the
Apocalypse it's I mean lad culture in
general I would say is a pot and you
know that's something I kind of I talk
about in the book the origin of the new
man the new lad which kind of so you
know in the remember out the 80s we had
the emergence of the new man which was
kind of you know taking on the roles
that were traditionally reserved for
women's of getting more involved you
know hands-on with parenting and just
basic stuff like doing laundry cleaning
up exactly
but then the counters about was the new
labs sort of emerged in the beginning of
the 90s and it drew from it kind of drew
from these working-class ideals but it
was mostly middle-class men who doing
this so in a bizarre way it was a some
form of cultural appropriation almost
and they were they were looking to the
working class because you know
previously there was a lot of pride in
being working-class and you know I think
I think that's that's an amazing thing I
think being wedding class was something
you should have been proud of and we
don't we don't really have a working
class anymore but they had sort of tried
to revive that but in a kind of
offensive understanding of it you know
they their their idea of what that was
had become quite Walt you know really
the main the main source of pride for
the working-class came from the work
itself no they were doing this manual
labor
and that gave them this kind of purpose
whereas the the lad that emerged in the
90s was just sort of thinking right what
are the working class like this
particular type of music they like
getting hammered they like dressing in
sports clothes so like we're gonna
emulate that
so really the one thing that they didn't
take was the work itself which was what
gave these men their parade yeah so do
you think that a lot of black boy work
because I think with the lad Bible it
obviously comes from a massive place of
male privilege although I will confess
that I have liked their page on Facebook
and sometimes they laugh at their J so
now the lad Bible was kind of coming out
as a feminist yeah well I mean it's kind
of jumping unders like guys because
we're seeing you know more and more men
kind of getting on board with feminism
saying that it isn't this evil man
hating oppressive thing it's it's just a
very sensible movement and so yeah we're
seeing that reflected by pages like the
laughs Bible which is utterly bizarre
and you know while I do still have a lot
of criticisms for them I think in the
past they have been quite misogynistic
and homophobic at times they do seem to
have restructured a bit and made some
progress which you know while I don't
necessarily agree with them on a wider
level I think it's very promising to see
and I think we we are at a turning point
right now do as a woman I was going to
say how's it go as a woman as a woman I
guess and how you don't have you know
there's no answer really but like how
how should I respond to people like the
lad Bible going or we get feminism now
do I give them a bit of a dressing-down
being like that's great you're really
late and you have a lot of apologies to
make or do I go actually you understood
more than you did before welcome to the
part it's it's a tricky one because you
know the the cynic in me says that they
are doing just because this is what's
popular right now and you know it it's
it's more marketable than continuing
with the sexist stuff that they were
posting before a feminist so I would say
so I would say be wary of groups that
are doing this but I think also be
supportive and don't necessarily write
them off because unfortunately if we are
to make progress we need everyone on
both sides and men are still immensely
privileged and really do hold most of
the power in the world and so though you
know there is a faction who says that
men shouldn't have any involvement in
feminism I totally understand that and
we don't think men should be speaking on
behalf of women which is where that
comes in but I think if we are to you
know get anywhere in making life better
for everyone we do need the support of
men because unfortunately they're the
ones who have the power to change things
so you it can be difficult I think from
an idealistic point of view it it sucks
that you need to have men involved but I
think you know as long as as long as
they are aware of their privilege and as
long as they aren't you know hijacking
the conversation and making it about
them then I think it's it's a very
positive thing Anna may I say I think
you have actually done this with this
book like absolutely floored it thank
you
and I can't believe I was reading it me
like he's still isn't rubbing on my toes
I mean also from from my point of view
you know it helps sales yeah because you
know I want to I want to reach men but I
also want to reach women and you know
it's something I talk about that
regardless of your thoughts on men and
masculinity and whether you think that
because of our immense privilege you
know we don't really need to talk about
these issues I think women are probably
the biggest victims of toxic masculinity
so it makes sense for them to be as
involved in this conversation and to
care how has the reactions been from
other men your age not really I mean I'm
anticipating the books only been out for
a week so far mostly friends who you
know obviously have to be nice about it
and the reaction has been very good
living a few strangers who cluttered me
on Twitter saying I've read your book I
think it's really good I think other men
should read it I went I went on LBC a
few weeks ago and did a call-in show for
an hour which was interesting call-in
radio which you know no it was really
directed specifically at me but you
could see there are still a lot of men
who aren't quite entombed of these
issues and there was one guy who came on
and it started off so promising he was
talking about how it made sense you know
when he and his wife had kids that he
stayed home with the kids you know his
wife had more money and he was like so I
was the primary job pairing off really
well and then bizarrely somebody had
switched and he went on a rant about and
this is why levels of divorce is so high
women hold all the power now they're
just raising their their money well yeah
so I think that's you know not
necessarily in direct response to my
book but I think there are still a lot
of men who don't quite understand the
issues or kind of actively rallying
against them is there a point where
feminists are speaking so loudly that
they're not leaving any room for male
contribution uh no I don't think that's
the case I don't think there is a finite
amount of space and particularly with
the internet now everyone's voice can be
heard I think today itself has driven a
lot of this because we're able to reach
a much wider audience than before and I
was something you know when I when that
initial voice article was published I
was kind of anticipating maybe a couple
of people Mary didn't say yeah
interesting the response of that was
overwhelmingly positive and then there
were a lot of young men and older men
who read it and said you know they
identified themselves in what I was
talking about and women said you know
identify my my husband and my brother my
turn or whatever my father and it was
very clear the
you know these people were aware of
these issues and knew that they had been
struggling with their sort of sense of
masculinity but had just never really
read it in an accessible way before and
that's that's another thing the Internet
has given us people like me who not to
put myself down too much you know I am
NOT an academic writer and I mean you
know I have I had no background in
gender studies before I started writing
the book so how do you xx cool yeah so
you know it a lot of it came from lived
experience and you know a lot of
research and work went into the book but
I was you know given a platform that I
think 20 years ago wouldn't have existed
I wouldn't have been able to get that
first piece published you know I
wouldn't have gone out on in a
broadsheet newspaper because I just
don't think that style was really
accepted then so I think we're we're at
a point where you know even people who
who is incapable of writing as me can
get heard and I think that's important
we need we need the voice of the
everyman and that's all that's how I've
tried to write the book and that's who
I've tried to write it for and so I'm
hoping that that is going to kind of
spark more conversation because you know
there are tons of academic books on base
you know looking at masculinity
throughout the ages in various forms in
Psychological or a more scientific
biological aspects of it but I think for
the first time we're kind of we're
seeing ordinary people given a voice
that they never really had before and
that is what's driving this hmm and I
have some of the questions and I was
gonna voice them really intelligently
but I bet settlement of really stupid
well okay so I'm gonna subject myself to
the stupid way that I have space some of
these oh we get his one let's talk about
Cox do we need to stop telling talking
about the size of them so I think what I
was trying what Tigers trying to get out
there was is it possible for us speed us
to be sexist towards you I would say so
you know I wouldn't necessarily say it's
but I think I think as a culture we're
incredibly hung up on physical
appearance it's it's incredibly damaging
and I think this is something you know
men don't help ourselves we continue to
object by women and we you know we we
still reduce them to their physical body
the size of their breasts and sizes of
pepper and well we're doing that you
know there is no reason why they
shouldn't throw it back in our faces and
you know talk about bags to be like oh I
bet he's got a small dick and it's
that's something that I I really dislike
because I you know I understand it's
it's a it's a very effective way of
attacking a man because they are so high
but unfortunately you know there are a
plenty of horrible men who I'm sure have
enormous penises and there are plenty of
lovely man who I'm sure has tiny penises
and it's again it's kind of it's
reducing them to something physical and
every time you know you you look at a
guy who's behaving like a dig and say I
bet he's got a tiny cock the nice guys
with tiny cars like hey and it's kind of
saying like this is a bad thing and it's
nothing to be ashamed of whereas you
know as we have said for years it's how
you use it the cancel whatever but I
think like a lot of people but under
pressure and sort of suffer from body
image issues because of it so I think we
kind of both sides need to stop reducing
each other to physical appearance we've
come together in peace we've been the
white flag and his and this is a little
hawkish should be don't obviously there
is who fucking knows but so what's weird
for me right is that because obviously
have to make all about me
because of course issue and was wait for
me is that I think I spend a lot of my
like late teens and early 20s with my
girlfriends being liked you think he
likes me I don't know if he likes me now
I'm at my older twenties I feel like
it's like he likes me I like him
relationship he has depression and that
is like more I didn't think that would
be the conversation don't mean as we got
older I think that you know I think a
lot of female problems are to do with
being in relationships with men that
can't communicate through me and do
stuff with mental illness but don't seek
help in the same way that women do yeah
I think um I think that's a really
difficult thing and again you know
that's why as I've talked about the
importance of women in all this because
often they're the ones who are left to
pick up the pieces you know I was
talking about the suicide rates earlier
and aside from the person who was taking
their own life you know it's the people
around them who were really affected by
that and in the case of most men you
know most most men a heterosexual so if
they're in a relationship it's most
likely the it's going to be in a
relationship with a woman and you know
what they take their own life just what
that does to their partner is you know
absolutely tragic
and I think unfortunately part of the
reason why I want men to get better
opening up full stop is that I want them
to get better at talking to their peers
so a big problem is that if men do
finally get to the stage where you can
talk to someone it's usually their
partner and that's usually a woman and
you know as positive as it is that
they're making those first steps and
talking to anyone it does place an
enormous burden on their partner
anything we kind of need to spread that
out we need to share with more than just
one person women are fantastic you know
women girls grow up able to talk and
whether timing it adulthood you know
that's kind of that's seared into their
brains they know how to do it men really
don't have that and even when they get
to a stage where they know that this is
what I need to do talking to other men
about it is so difficult because we just
we haven't learned this yet I don't know
how to make the first steps so yeah it's
yeah we're talking to anyone it's our
partners and that yeah yeah if we can
create a support network of you know
lots of people men and women that is so
much healthier than relying on one
person to solve your problems because
then who do you go to if you're
struggling with in
relationship if you're kind of if you're
in a bit of turmoil with your girlfriend
with your partner you can't really talk
to them about these issues because you
know they can't come at it from an
objective angle so you need to have
friends who are there for you to go to
coach you through that so feminism is
all about being proud to be a woman it's
lots of things it's about equality but I
also feel this partly about being proud
and not being ashamed to be a woman have
womanly things happen to you live you
live your life but in the book sometimes
it sounds like you're not proud to be a
man doing that's true or do you think
there's any pride in being a man now
that's a difficult question I think I
think with the state of men as they are
I am NOT proud to be a man I'm not
necessarily ashamed of it you know this
is out of my control so I think I think
we have to be important not to get hung
up on that and push ourselves into TKE
depression because we are men because
like I say that is something over which
we had no control but I think I think we
need to make a lot more progress before
we can actually be proud to be a man to
be men but I think we can you know be
proud of ourselves as individuals not
because we're men but because we're good
men maybe so I think that's why it's a
do you think there's anything that
feminism expects from you that we don't
do in return which is quite as a hard
question most also kind of similar to
the penis question but you know is there
anything that we go over I can use
listen to me for a second or like I've
got veto on this opinion I think that's
a difficult one because it's it's you
know it's saying that all feminism is
the same or fameless' fighting for the
same things I think there are I think
there is a problem with sometimes who
will write off these issues and I
totally understand why they do that you
know like I said earlier because of the
immense privilege of men why do we need
to talk about them and why do women need
to listen to us about that
because they've been putting up with our
shit for so long but I think there are
there are some women who will write this
off I had a friend of mine tweeted
something recently a woman saying like
you know I understand these issues you
know the problems with masculinity but I
think I think we need to get better you
know we we can have positive
conversations around this and she said
you know we're like within five minutes
about 20 people had unfollowed her and
yeah I think some some women who you
know who wants to talk about this are
accused of being bad feminists which is
you know it's kind of a understanding
example of how the patriarchy kind of
penetrates even you know feminism itself
the men still controlling this even
though it shouldn't be about us but I
think it's a good point because
sometimes I feel like I understand
feminism I understand gender but I still
find myself bumping into males all the
time that I'm like I don't understand
you what are you doing when talking
about you men's issues do you ever feel
like people are personally attacking you
for things that the whole male gender
has done and do you think that's fair
would you sometimes find that hard uh I
don't never feel like I'm being
personally attacked for man general you
know I think I I receive a lot of praise
what I am writing about and I think I
think for the most part women and
feminists have been you know very
positive about it and say like you know
this is how you do it this is how you
can be a good man I do I do understand
so it's very easy to get defensive you
know if you feel like your whole gender
is being attacked and saying you know
the whole not all men thing but that
kind of ignores the point that it's a
lot of men who are behaving badly and
you know perpetuating this toxic idea or
masculinity and I think - I think the
problem is that when we get defensive we
kind of ignore the issues themselves and
we know the points that are being made
and we need to read the stuff and say
like okay yeah I personally or not like
that but a great deal of men are I think
- we first need to get better at kind of
addressing this and encouraging men to
change before we can be personally
offended by these attacks on men as a
whole so hashtag not all men
hashtag most men to be fair Craig as a
man necessary this is something I'm
really interesting because you know I
took my something you know the phrase
boys don't cry comes up a lot in this
kind of conversation you know I'd say
that I think it's a bond a mentor I
think it's a very good good thing for
them to do I could not tell you the last
time I cried it's been used since I
cried I can't remember even now because
I'm you know I have pushed so hard
against this and I like I've been told
like this is one thing I mustn't do the
it's almost like I've overwritten the
the instinct to do that
but I don't think crying itself is
really the issue I think we have to kind
of we have to figure out what it is that
the crying provides you know is that
sort of cathartic release and I think if
we're in a situation where you know we
can we can identify the you know maybe
if I was capable of doing this I would
be crying right now we need to be aware
of that and do not think like okay cool
I haven't great that's it end of
conversation
we need to stop and say like okay so
something made me feel like that what
was that and we need to just it doesn't
have to be crying but we just have to
address this in a in a positive way so
you know we have to talk about this and
we have to acknowledge the fact that
something made us feel that way
the crying itself isn't really the issue
that's good because I still don't see
that many male tears know despite all
the times I've tried it's thank you so
much dad thank you thank you thanks for
liking the book I guess yeah
viva la revolucion was about not
revolution evolution I was as I was
recently told by
