some people think keeping in step with
yourself is easy like all of yourselves
it resides at the same prison cut glass
with edges that meet
besides that mirror and reflect but you
can see straight through but sometimes
parts of me wander off and don't need
breadcrumbs
don't leave notes on the dresser we said
we'd stick together
you said you'd stick together and all of
a sudden you find yourself two toes from
the edge of the forest looking in and
thinking fuck's sake
and you face the choice of darkness
leaving alone the rest of you to bring
back the one wandering piece that left
you high and dry in the field of
yourself when I was a child there was a
story in a book I no longer look at a
story where a man asks a crowd if
someone had a hundred sheep and one of
them gets lost what will he do will he
leave the ninety-nine others in the
wilderness and go search for that one
that is lost until he finds it because
when you find that part of yourself and
when you trust the selves you left
behind to stay put until you return when
you lead yourself willingly into the
dark of the trees and come home carrying
your own soul on your shoulders
those prodigal parts of self too full of
life to stay put on their own you will
know how little of a prison you are how
you want a whole self at all and in turn
you will need no one to complete you
it's ok to wander from yourself for a
while
as long as you're brave enough to bring
a cell phone
