did you fail at contouring your face and
it didn't match your neck just wear a
polo net this Paula neck because it
makes me feel like I've just graduated
from st. Andrews University and I am
going to meet the parents of my
boyfriend and his name is Julian or
grant or Peter and he wears beige
trousers too think I'm overthinking
Paula next let's move on are you
listening
is recently come to my attention a lot
of my sub feed is either huge channels
like Soul pancake and BuzzFeed and
channel 400 as people who are a similar
size to me or under 10,000 subscribers
that's pretty interesting if you don't
like to think that you didn't want to
tell other people about thinks you were
like no it's my secrets my thing well
not today not today I've had enough of
that I want to tell you about ten
youtubers that I absolutely love you
have under ten thousand subscribers
living wrong with every under 10,000
subscribers radiant is the way a
community thrive however it does mean
there's 26,000 of you so that means that
at least sixteen thousand of you don't
know who they are and that's not why
we're gonna have to change that number
one Linda Marcy she's my fave
Linda no I can't do you know actually
I'm gonna come and talk about her later
because watch out Flint by sea because
like I can't I'm gonna have to lean up
to it I'm too emotional try something
else
ant ant like fit right I'm and like for
last year summer in the city we've got
an innocently we're very good friends
now and when I went to find his channel
I realized that that would probably
probably the channel I had if I was not
me that sounds weird if I was him if I
was a boy not quite it's just it's just
I think we have a lot of similar answers
to life from a similar thought processes
and if you like my finky finky videos
then he's the man my favorite video of
his is a very very clever very sharp
spoof of a slam poem
here's a clever boy that's stupid brave
yay
don't be here John B here is a brilliant
filmmaker
about a year ago he uploaded a video
called 987 subscribers and I've probably
approximately watched that about once a
month ever since because I just find it
so it's about Fame on YouTube and it's
like oh no no I'm gonna try and describe
it if that doesn't convince you he also
has a potted plant in his room called
Vova fact he's a very old-school vlogger
that started say about him he's very
like Korean
living his life being hilarious but
vlogging in this old same way that
people didn't they just turned on the
camera and said hilarious commentary
about their lives and I just I just love
him so Sonia is a girl that I discovered
because she's just had a series on
SoulPancake she's on my favorite
channels and she is like a young I just
think she's like 16 and she lives in
Gibraltar and she has this amazing
artistic and like YouTube channel that's
really inspired some of the stop-motion
stuff I've been doing recently and she I
can't believe how arty and how can't
believe her so passionately
she is really arty and intelligent and
PS she's really young she makes the
videos I wish I had the time and the
patience and the skill to make fawn meet
the youtubers youtuber she doesn't make
videos very frequently but the video she
makes I like TV quality amazing this so
well scripted this so well thought
through it's like watching the
introduction pilot to a direct address
like new style feminist rom-com like
that is what her videos are like and
she's just made one called your argument
sucks and it's about different ways to
take down feminism and why they all
don't make any sense
but she doesn't know really respectful
like not catty way and I think she's
really cool and there's not even any
need to mention that the fact that she
has really cool hair because she stands
alone as a person but if you are looking
for cool hair she also can provide that
Rowan Rowan man like so ruins been
commenting on my videos for like moderno
years maybe and like I've always been I
ever that really cool girl that always
comments and says something intelligent
and then like I realized that she had a
channel and it was better than mine and
I'd been sitting this whole time like oh
yeah commenter no no but our youtuber
than me she makes amazing LGBT queer
feminist commentary on pop culture and
Harry Potter and just everything and
she's so intelligent and she explains
things really well she's a personal
tutor my favorite video of hers has to
be her reaction to Magic Mike XXL
it's called lesbian reacts to Magic Mike
XXL super Sam stuff I met him at summer
in the city this year and he came out
sorry because he won't reach a facebook
chat with his girlfriend because
girlfriend what's much I know and he was
like hi could you speak to my girlfriend
she likes to channel I was like sure and
then I started chatting to him and he
followed me on Twitter and
he had an amazing channel he again does
a lot trick the camera just tell me how
his life is but he does this kind of
like introspective and thoughts from
places style vlog brother kind of vlogs
where he kind of like reflects on what's
been happening in his life recently and
it's really clever way and recently my
favorite video of his is when he did a
little kind of rant about how adults do
always just ripping our generation for
looking down our phones but actually
they're just like learning devices and
maybe we should stop panicking about
phones and start panicking about the
governmental system that screwing us all
over that they elected before we were
even born
Danielle Owen Reid is Julian nukes
girlfriend and I only learnt this
yesterday so this is the one that
sparked everything off because I started
watching her videos yesterday and I
watched all of them and then it was like
nobody knows about
there's nobody here why is this is so
good and so Julian Higgs is somebody at
ammunition that blows YouTube videos and
I support her on patreon because I think
she's just a brilliant musician and I
was watching my patreon feed of like
stuff that people have been uploading
from people I've been funding and
girlfriends in the video and I was just
like hey you she has an amazing channels
she's only got like six videos in the
moment and she has an amazing channel
that talks about life advice and how to
date the right person and then does
loads of like cool fashion videos and
minimalist videos about dressing
androgynous ly and answering questions
about that and what to do if your
clothes don't fit and how to get rid of
clothes that you don't want I can't stop
looking at the camera like I can't just
put videos on the background and then
walk away because part of the draw of
her videos and part of what's
interesting about them is that she does
this amazing director dress when you
know she's being authentically herself
and she doesn't give a what do you
think but she does care and that is like
an amazing balance to have a YouTube but
I don't know how anyway
Kaley's Kaylee's and Kaylie's is just
somebody I stumbled upon a camera was
watching she has a very dry sense of
humor quite rare in somebody who isn't
British but she's doing it really well
she's funnier than us recently she did
one where she goes around Disneyland and
like does really don't dry humans but
just just display her skill as just like
a funny person I'm gonna say my favorite
video is a video of her eating like a
cinnamon bun in her kitchen and it
sounds dull and it's not thrive finally
we've
Craig Simmons he's someone whose videos
and purposely not watching all at once
because I'm saving them because I think
they're great they're happy there's a
little back catalog of them and I
haven't watched yet he makes a really
good combination between like again that
old style YouTube blogging genuine think
to the camera with some really artsy
intelligent commentary on them so he's
just on one about graduating from
University and not being able to find a
job and like what the purpose of life is
and then I don't know it's just cool man
I've run out of adjectives because
they're all just so awesome but I can't
I just come it's Lena from the future
I'm on the book break set because I
forgot you talked about raising Linda
was I started come back to Linda at the
beginning of the video and I did it and
I think it is because I was so like I
can't
everyone should already know who she is
and I'm Sarah well expect anyway Linda
did a video her first video on her
channel was how I stopped dating and
started writing and it's an amazing and
conglomerate conglomerate word why not
this is a good word if it is a word of
little video diary she did for herself
while she was dating for a year about
how she found the experience and how
hard and how how much she learned and
she basically kind of goes through loads
of her dating experiences and is them
like actually I really want to write a
feature film length script so I'm just
gonna stop dating for a year and she
blogged every week for a while about
different writing tips and ways to get
your project started and ways to be
creative and are all amazing videos now
the channels just her being bloody
brilliant when I speak from my last
partner and I stumbled upon her videos I
can't tell you the impact they had on me
and how much they saved me she now does
this video about mental health and
therapy if you don't have a look at that
she also started the dance recess that
you might recognize from charlie is they
call x channel elizabeth people's
channel and my channel but she started
dance recess which has a similar ethic
to bathtub busking
like a silly series later stuff go to
make a point about how things don't
matter and i love it and she recently
did a justin beam one that is amazing
and i'm talking when he fell because get
really excited about a channel cuz i
think it's brilliant okay okay she's
basically on my internet big sister
that's how I see her and I just like you
all to subscribe to her and also I'm on
the book break set for Valentine's Day
what break is a series that I do with
Pan Macmillan
and it is a book series all about books
and I write produce and edit and present
and appear in it sometimes disappear and
so just want to mention that if you go
so I've already not because they've told
me to tell you this but because I am
really proud of it as a series and I
would love for you to subscribe so you
can see more of the stupid shake-up -
okay back to present day Lena I might
make another one of these at some point
and so please do suggest anybody that
you like you in there thanks for
watching if you're new here my name is
Lena and this is Jessica's my frog you
can subscribe by clicking everywhere you
can leave me forever and never see my
face again by clicking know where the
choice
