assembling yourself is a tricky business
and oftentimes a thankless one it's risk
and reckless and a wholeheartedly
non-negotiable chore being human the
penalty of not doing it is that it will
happen anyway other people or
circumstances lightning chance
happenings will decide for you and trust
me it's not ideal horrendous
consequences please steer clear
sometimes you feel like Alice as you
fall pass what feels like every element
of the living world you just have to
choose which HAP has a beliefs to snatch
on to as they hurt or pass which
memories or fables or allegories to
clutched you and which to let the wind
sweep up anyway sometimes you might feel
more like a professional selector and a
creator assembling yourself can feel
much more like a blast Binet supermarket
shop than an inspired and authentic dig
for destiny because the harsh truth is
we're all destined to be no one there
isn't some deep self we have to separate
and find it's completely up to us and we
become you might assemble ingredients to
begin with and then swap them out better
tasting stuff later you might keep
changing what you want to be in who you
are all the time constantly and some
people might call you fake for this
flighty synthetic
and no one can pay for that horrible and
and uh Kabul moment when someone you
love will turn to you and say I don't
even know you anymore and you'll want to
wipe the counters clean and flip the
tables and reverse the whole goddamn
thing and go backwards and resurrect
that pure self that used to love love
love and have them know you again
sticking a pole would and an old belief
will only make a scarecrow of you stuff
straw where the truth once was and there
isn't a love alive that can make a
puppets heart into a real boy I want a
love that asks me from the pillow each
morning and here are you today
and I will ask them the same and perhaps
I'll say and actually I kind of liked
who I was yesterday but I think I'm
going to make some tweaks here and here
and here
because I think it gives me a better
overall effect and makes me ultimately a
better person and I think they'll be
like cool I can't wait to meet you and
then we'll get up and we'll make coffee
don't promise yourself who you will be
tomorrow because it will save you hours
of manpower in existential crisis and
soul-searching that probably could be
better spent dancing or doing something
kind or bacon
here's to a life of unknown unknowns to
absorb and change you or nor together
always be in the Crowsnest of yourself
on the lookout for the best parts of
life the ways to be a little kinder most
unusual colors and the best people to
spend it with be on the lookout for all
the grandest and most tiny ways you are
utterly wrong constant vigilance for all
the different and spectacular ways to be
happy
get comfortable with being a creator
because the only thing you'll ever truly
be
