are you listening deal
hi guys this is my friend Hattie and we
have read three of the same book so we
thought we talked about them look why
while ago and I can't actually remember
but yeah let's do it okay
go boss so wait I made some notes look I
made notes in the back okay the hashtag
is a bit labored I think the hard work
is very late for inst so I think in some
ways I should do some kind of
introduction so this is girlboss by
Sophia Barroso rousu cousin had a really
good biscuit who founded the close
abroad nasty girl
basically this is a story about her
forming the company kind of how she
started out basically selling register
for eBay in her shade and now she runs a
multi-million yeah yeah company it's
quite positive but then she can also be
a little bit scary so she kind of gives
you some useful tips but it's kind of
more like you can do this this is
anything like the Chilean white to live
by club just like okay it's like I want
to feel like you're gonna die when you
start business no pain no gain you're
like okay America right I like the fact
that she does know the portraits over
girl bus stuff there is there's lots of
different it's not just her experience
things also interview look how amazing I
am I did all this on my own it's like
look at all these different examples of
what other people have done and like
start businesses from scratch it's very
American yeah it's very like you're
totally capable
you can do this don't listen to anything
for anyone you are a girl boss live the
girl boss girl boss
so it's a little bit labored in that way
I'm like I fight I as a 25 year old in
some ways I found the tone a bit match
those things I get it I am caught
reading yeah like anybody who's picked
up this book heard and started reading
it is already quite oh I'd to it kind of
dress like a massive pep talk
yeah I felt it felt like it was just
being like come on some of my thoughts
apparently at some point I really liked
the fact that she was reimagining
workflow based on a DD so because she
knows that she has no attention span
she's like reimagining how she does a
workflow
rather than being like I've got a DD
there
I can never concentrate therefore I can
never do it and also can I just say that
the whole book is meant to be very like
you can do this you'll be blah but she
still comes across as quite an
extrordinary person yeah and she's tried
to come across as like oh I can do this
anyone could do this and I might but
also you'd still sound quite also like
oh yeah I think it's unrealistic to
expect that everybody could just like
sit there on their bed and sell vintage
other things she's trying I don't know I
just kind of feel like she's trying to
make it sound like that ad D was
something that she over like had to
overcome but I'm not entirely sure if it
was cause it sounded like it actually
worked quite well
yes like she adapted her job to like
quit a lot of jobs and be quite shit at
actually working though like in normal
companies so like like that's something
that was like that's not that's not that
shouldn't be part of a guy that should
be part of it which is difficult because
so so I'm a person who works really
bloody hard and tends to stay at places
so I had like my last job was at a very
top of me and I said that for a really
long time because I was just like if I
work hard I will be recognized then
eventually as door wasn't to be
recognized so I had to leave I think
she's got the very good point like I'm
not doing anything here I'm gonna leave
so which I probably needed more awful
then also I'm still a bit like I thought
you could have worked a little bit hard
it's been branded this is actually just
about her and trying hard I don't really
think it's about feminism and if it is
it's like quite limiting feminism but I
think it's a great business guide wait
you're thinking thoughts it's a bit that
I don't know I thought it's a little bit
phobias a bit so like let's be a man do
you think ah yeah mate I don't really
remember she oh yeah she keeps
pre-empting people that might jump on
her for the feminist thing she preempts
quite a lot yes oh she's already like by
the way that's not what feminism is and
then we're like yeah we know it's okay
so we could have done without that you
know when people started with him and
she started it with women make natural
anarchists and revolutionaries by Kim
Gordon and I've just written we could
done without that we don't think and she
said a lot of stuff not be around Idol
don't look up to me which is fair enough
because I don't think I would because in
some ways I think she's
it doesn't really give you any actual
practical tips on running a business
like her she explains how she did it or
what she did but it's not actually
useful if you I think you still have to
like a much it's not like a how-to guide
of how to start your own business
because like if you're a boss you'd
imagine no because she still like she
explains what she does but then it also
sound and you're just like wow the fuck
do you do that yeah because she's trying
to make yourself really like easy but
then you're also just like what so it's
more like giving you the energy it was a
really good pep talk to like get off my
butt like oh like yeah I wouldn't like
model the way she does business and the
way I do is however when she got her
first employee she's pays the first
employee more than she was paid yeah I
think this is a lot of good like people
but rip this a lot and I'm like actually
there's some like nothing something
concealed it so they can still be
problematic and be useful that's okay
sorry right ha who is the target market
of this book if it's not us I want to
know who is like you can't say like like
I could never say oh maybe I didn't get
this because it wasn't for me because
like this was definitely supposed to be
for me and I like hated it it was vile
like every time somebody's like this is
a great book I'm like a genuine oh no
whoa
oh this bit here you learned in
quotation marks I feel is actually
telling you what it is but don't think
of it it's almost like anything
basically I think the point of a
biography isn't just to find out what
happened in somebody's life but like
find out how they're reflecting on it
how they see it now what there's no
biography it's not it's a weird ass it's
a collection of like really badly
structured essays that haven't been
edited and it feels like the person who
edited it was like a massive fan of Lena
Dunham also animals like Chanel to think
critically about that and like she
hadn't formed the thoughts properly in a
head before she broke things down I feel
like she's gonna look back on it in 20
years and it's gonna be like her version
of a really embarrassing teenage dog
yeah exactly it's incredibly American oh
I do I feel I could be lucky off
Americans of this video Oh ed you do
that but nobody's King Bob she's tall
so much about how many like lots of
prescription pills she's on and her
therapist and stuff which is just not
very fresh
it's not an experience of British people
like we don't know about the same
culture of everyone every piece it's
like you have it I feel like everyone's
an optician a dentist and a therapist
it's like what so when it go to college
just as well
oh yeah it's kind of like when you're
going for a drink somebody and they're
talking but they're talking at you
they're not talking to you so they never
think about how it might relate to you
so so for explaining it of the backstory
and like I'm really disappointed because
I loved girls and I think it's so clever
also can I just say I've had I've
actually not had any experience of up
until this point oh yeah
I haven't actually watched girls and I
keep me to watch it I just haven't
watched it I like really like yeah so
when I watch girls I thought oh god Lena
Dunham is so intelligent she's written
this Hannah character he's like yeah
she's oh she's so mad she really
understands this like and she must be
like a combination of all four
characters and she really understands
like how self-centered and a ridiculous
Hannah's character is and then it was
really like what because then I read
this and it was basically just like had
a hold back through it I was like oh my
god you're just Hannah a young girl tell
you what she's learned learnt nothing
nothing died
she's still floundering like fucking
rest of us onwards and upwards
yes Bridget Jones mad about the boy
ahead and fielding me at sea I've had
lots of really controversial discussions
on this on whatsapp because of the Canon
and apparently in both of our minds like
Bridget Jones is in the Canon now so
it's still waivers from Bridget Jones is
not my spirit animal the problem is
right everybody is attached to Bridget
Jones now to the point where she feels
like everybody's she doesn't just feel
like Helen Fielding's everybody's gonna
have opinions about how old you know
like Helen Thornton was trying to claim
her back maybe her character but maybe
that was the whole like I'm gonna kill
off a lot Darcy because I'm taking her
back yeah I was just like genuinely in
the back of the book like oh it was all
with my Qasim yeah press my mark Darcy
dies dies before the book starts he is
dead he goes over and this is about five
years later and she's 50 and she's got
two kids and she's kind of like what the
hell do I do it's basically about her
trying to get back on the dating scene
this is actually just my experience as a
reader just to be aware of that I
identify british-owned so much because
she like it's closer to my age in the
first two books and she's so far away
from my experience in this one that I
didn't connect with it as much because I
was like is this coming I was like oh
it's not even like this is to come I'm
like really hope that I'm not Bridget
Jones 950
but what I loved is that she's still
very definitely Bridget Jones so she's
in a she's still Bridget Jones which is
what I loved because it felt like but
like I was but with an old friend
question and the fact that she still
mentions calories so when we are okay I
figure we can major problems be the
first few books are published a very
long time ago but this one was published
still with all of the triggering kind of
wait wait crap stuff for it just like
tells you exactly what wait she wasn't
how fat she feels
I like viscera I still I don't want to
give other stuff in the face about wait
I don't know I think you guys think you
she doesn't lose loads away the stuff
she has to go to a doctor or go to a
clínica stuff because she's nearly obese
or she's obese but yeah it's not you're
not really getting any of us you might
be developing diabetes and giving
herself hot problems it's still like no
I want to have sex together I knew me
sexy and can I also make the point that
mine's a bit shoddy because I dropped it
in the bath all of her copies of these
books to discuss yeah I know you felt a
bit long I think you were right it like
literally there's a part class from here
to here like nothing happens like this
part like nothing you know what's going
to happen right you know the minute the
characters appear you know you can
figure it out it's really not
complicated yeah if you have any context
of Bridget and Bridget reaction I mean
all Pride and Prejudice you know right
and also it's a lot of like massive like
50 to 60 year old women wish-fulfillment
sexually going on I like lots more sex
so in the first couple of because it
wasn't really any sense whatsoever
worries this is a bit like whoa okay I
still cheered because we didn't get any
sex scenes in Mark Darcy and surely a
mere act is basically done to play broom
on us again by the way just yeah we're
quite a cycle the characters so when
she's young she's flattened during it
she doesn't they're you know what she's
doing very white
privileged yeah like white privilege
today so basically there's a lot of like
I have been like she's so lazy she's
like literally the laziest person I've
ever seen and she doesn't have to work
because Mark Darcy's left her thousands
of hours just owns a house in London and
all of it her children goes to private
school and then she gets told to write
this script and she's so lazy that she
won't even write a script and like and
she gets all these opportunities I like
it I don't like when you're yeah when
she's young and she's working the
publishing house and she's like
floundering and she keeps like
procrastinating she's panicking and
scared like for this she's actually just
like literally not looking around her
and being so again because right one of
the reasons why I liked it was because
she was still floundering but I was
still a bit like bridge you can get your
shit together a bit more than this
alright it's not like she's actually got
that much to do with it you don't want
up a little her experience as somebody
who's been bereaved but at the same time
you're like do you want to just like
yeah but I don't really think stop
complaining about the fact that you are
like it's one of the richest people in
London it just felt like she can't get
the kids to school on time because she's
still like a mess well a mess in the
fact that she's sad about my daughter
though it's just a mess yeah no it's not
it's not it's no I you're spending every
morning grieving and that's we can't
give it she's like literally just like
oh I really feel like I'm just gonna
pick my own nose I know although she she
does occasion of his moments where she's
like if Mark was here this would be okay
I could do this with him and also at the
time when when he died the kids were
really really young and you just get the
feeling like she was completely like
just throw it into this yeah so it's
quite sad I cried a bit quite a lot by
cry everything I must've cried there's
been like a flashback didn't you yeah
you want it more mark basically she
wants more money
oh but I just think also if you're
talking about somebody who's lived a lot
of experiences they usually reference
them and she literally referenced
there's nothing in the two decades that
we haven't seen her like barely anything
and she doesn't say how much but I
remember when I used to be like this and
now I've changed cuz I've learnt stuff
well like remember when I was young and
stupid and I know yeah but she's not
like not very analytical basically why I
could just love her unconditionally why
do I have to demand all these like super
arranged it's not analytical that's the
whole point you guys all of the books
she goes
so you thinking one thing they should go
fuck why I fell three generations of
women who believe that Bridget Jones is
them and then when British doesn't act
how they would act they're like Bridget
Jones what there's like a hilarious
thing with her going on Twitter I just
felt really funny that was genius though
getting frigid zones to join Twitter and
choose to like basically Bridget on
Twitter is everyone's experience of
their parents of Facebook I feel so I
was so happy with the ending yes and
also I think that don't worry also
because I was right because she just
know what's gonna happen and I was like
yeah I loved it because I was right at
the end of Daniel cleaver not the end of
that nice and I I thought that was very
realistic and fitting and I was so happy
that he was back in Italy yeah don't
worry he's really very apparently Hugh
Grant has not signed up to the third no
but yeah but the film's nothing to do
with the book if you want to hear how
Daniel cleaver goes then I guess you're
gonna have to read the books he wouldn't
be in the film she can't be problematic
from a feminist perspective because I
was always saying about the whole idea
that she has to have a bud to fulfill
her but again also is it problematic
from a feminist perspective that I
expect her to be the perfect woman and
the example for all women hmm very well
okay what do I do
this is badly reviewed but I think he's
exactly what we were promised which is
what the first tube everyone was a party
review because do people think it was
very so Fedorchak
what never keep self-indulgent today I
don't know but then it is about the
character so I guess they have to be
self-indulgent I think it's a diary it
should be fair it's gonna be
self-indulgent no but I mean do people
think that it was self-indulgent on
behalf of hill of building he just said
it was bad for lots of page said it was
bad no I just didn't think it was bad at
all well I thought I was like really fun
which I don't think you love Bridget did
you to start with me thinking of
thinking too hard about it like this is
literally a rom-com in a book and that's
what I signed up for that so we got TL
DR don't read at all never nobody read
that maybe read if you're interested in
starting a business or you like pep
talks and like you just want to be of
like light heart or if you're just
generally feeling a bit shit read it
should well if you don't like a drag
about any kind of workflow university or
like any kind of productivity
Oh cries mad about the boy read it if
you understand the other two books and
you understand what you're getting into
you're not going into and usually
obviously obviously if you don't like
Bridget don't fucking read it ya know I
feel that Lewis people reviewed it who
like didn't like Bridget Jones knows
like sorry what so you're just like what
but like Bridget I see me like reviewing
Game of Thrones or like so we could have
fun to see but I know it's not like it's
not from Joey I know that's also because
it's so much about one character and if
you don't like the character don't
fucking read it because it's not gonna
be for you is it
Hasse's gonna start a blog called come
the f on Bridget please sell it to all
so can I just say I don't think that quo
is even actually in the first looks like
a book but from the film come the fuck
on Bridget but still applicable yeah
Bridget Patty's Hattie
had to use that a fashion and discussion
blog and it was really good did she was
started a blog called come the f on
Bridget comment below if you'd like you
to start that blog because I think it'd
be amazing at least it gives you me do
it do it what books you buddy read with
people let us know in the comments below
and I'll see you next one Jonas a Forex
no-go
