I'm so excited and so afraid to film
this video because it is my top 11 books
of 2015 and there is nothing more scary
to me than having to talk to you about a
book and not be able to explain it
adequately especially if it is one of my
favorites I picked these as a completely
subjective my favorites ones that I will
always remember will always keep things
that have changed the way I read in 2015
the word war may not be adequate but we
will try to amp down the pressure I'm
going to promise myself that if I do you
feel like how I've explained these books
in this video is inadequate to which it
probably will be I will make whole
videos discussing the topics that
they're on and some of them I read at
the very beginning of 2015 and have been
putting off even mentioning them on this
channel because I wanted to do them a
proper service but it is the end of 2015
and a bird in the hand is worth two in
the bush and on that note my first book
it's Thurl by George Monbiot we get a
look at this cover I love photogenic
I love photographic covers when they're
done properly and I think this one is
stunning and has it had such an impact
on me in the shop I bought it just when
it came out because obviously the
subtitle for this book is searching for
the enchantment on the frontiers of
rewilding they change the subtitle for
the paperback and I think this one is
much more exciting and and it kind of
represents a lot more of what it's about
George mom Bo is an expert in his field
and also writes for The Guardian he
wrote some great nature article to The
Guardian in brief Telugu brief in brief
this is a enchanting and very
beautifully written study of the rate
the way we approach we have British
people I suppose approach the idea of
the wild what we think the wild really
is what it means to us why as a culture
that came out of a place of fairytales
mythology we're very scared of woods of
wild animals of wolves and the kind of
the way that the economy and the way
that climate change
is affecting how we respond to the
landscape and how we think about it so
for example it really for the first time
I actually started to understand this
thing called shifting baseline syndrome
which is a kind of collective attitude
of everybody to remember two generations
ago and what their landscape was like
and then adapt that in our minds is
natural so in for instance we look at
farmlands and we look at you know they
say what the Yorkshire Dales looks like
now and think oh yeah that's really
natural that's how it should be when
actually if you look at it properly
outside of the rose tinted spectacles
idea of what our great-grandfather's
considered natural which they didn't by
the way but what we think they
considered natural is actually the
result of a final honey that is no
longer around and won't be possible as
much in the future I love it because
it's so intelligent it's so relatable
and it's so rooted kind of in our study
of fairytales and how how we like exist
as a culture but also in science and
stuff that I would never be able to know
about otherwise also I think it'd be
quite interesting for vegans to look at
it and see you know where how we've come
to be where we are and where we get our
food from but also case studies so
there's a lot of stuff about Scotland in
here and how there are you know like 3/4
3/4 of the land in Scotland is owned by
about five families or something insane
and the idea of the estate and
collecting nature and getting gear onto
your estate and then shooting them and
kind of not letting certain kinds of and
wildlife grow because they're a natural
or they're not pretty and then other
parts of it thrive to the point of am I
so I'm boring it's not boring I promise
well I like about this isn't it kind of
like Oh rambling Shepherds life
wandering through the hills being like
it used to be amazing and now we really
screwed up it's kind of like well I've
always been a little bit screwed up but
let's look to the future rather than
trying to mimic the past and reverse
what's already happened I've talked
about that enough I don't know if I said
make it sound interesting up but I would
just like to highlight how bloody
beautiful this is and it also mentions
one of my favorite places in the world
my cliff which is where the central
for tenon tip technology is I made a
video about that once um no really like
it I'm gonna read it again and then I'm
gonna make a whole video on it and if
you're bored I don't care it
so refreshing to just read something
that I'm like oh this is science and
it's brilliantly written thank you God
I've got like notes in the margins the
whole way through this book like I
didn't stop making notes
this is Jerusalem by Jess Butterworth
and this is a play it's a play about
wheelchair it's a play about drugs it's
a play about again fairytales and where
they come from and how we adapt to them
now whether we are disconnected from
like this ancestry so it's about this
basically the plot revolves around this
guy who is this old drug using crazy man
who lives in this overgrown Caravan and
it's set in the summer when there's like
a summer solstice festival going on all
villagers Morris dancing and being
sarcastic and very wheelchair if you're
one get off in the UK and you haven't
heard of Wiltshire accent well you
haven't lived got a lot of swearing in
it and it's really funny and it's got a
lot of like basically this guy he lives
in the caravan he's having this struggle
between the council trying to move him
on but at the same time him being um
like both just despised by the older
more middle-class members of the town
then kind of loved by all of these
ragtag teenagers who don't have anywhere
else to go he's the quintessential
outcast that he says the English forests
are for that's their his birthright the
mythology and the history of the English
woods is that they're there for the
outcasts note there that the people who
don't thin and the fact that the council
is trying to move him on is a kind of
insult to what British forests even
stand for it's really for us to read I
love reading plays because I'd say with
a film you don't have to imagine that
much because there with a descriptive
normal novel you kind of like half and
half use like half of its there and then
you get to create the rest with plays
you get to create so much of it but it's
so fast-paced and it's so like
deliciously good I just think this is
genuinely one of the best plays I've
ever seen and the best players I've ever
read and it's also super funny say the
same time the next one is the age of
earthquakes I reviewed this quite
recently lots of you said you bought it
and loved it
it's not going to take you any time to
read because there's lots of pictures
and concepts and it'll bend your mind
and you'll never believe anything again
links below if you like my reviews that
we've got it's not me as you by varying
with Alan
I'm making my way through all of iron
McFarland's books you'll see see and
I've got so many ones to go I'll have
some other reason for books coming up
but this is the first time I read and I
read this just because everybody I met
said they liked it and I hadn't read any
women fiction in a really long time and
that annoys me because I remember that
being a genre that was actually kind of
Awesome if done right a bit like boy
reading this book gave me a jump start
to read more books like it because I
remembered how much I just enjoy them
and isn't that what we're all here for
and I feel like with films I love
rom-coms and I love stuff like that
especially like intelligent like indie
Rome problems and like this if this is a
film would be Intel intelligent indie
rom-com and it's just so funny and it
like is within its genre of like ah a
quest for stuff but it's also just like
a woman working in PR in London that's
probably why I like it Elizabeth the way
very violent rights is very
self-conscious she knows like what trope
she's using and she doesn't really well
while at the same time making it really
really easy to read so um here's a
little extract just to persuade you art
didn't prepare you for the smaller
moments between the big moments Delilah
thought life had no editing suite to
shape the narrative into something that
flowed if the arrival of Paul's text
Paul it's her ex it's at the very
beginning bad stuff happens in Paul Paul
is her boyfriend if the arrival of
Paul's text had happened on screen after
the closeup of Delilah's horrified face
there have been a jump cut to her
bowling away down the street stumbling
on her heels brackets rom-com slinging
plates around their kitchen brackets
soap opera angrily filling in battered
glass blocks suitcase brackets music
video or staring out across the blustery
time brackets arthouse instead what
happened next
undercut the momentous awfulness with
boring practicality the main character
is also a comic book illustrator so she
is illustrating a comic alongside her
life so every chapter you get extract
from the comic she is writing which just
100% will me over and made me think that
this book should you know this this was
such wide appeal like so many different
kinds of people would like it and you'll
be hearing more from me talking well
i'ma fall in very soon so yeah that one
goes in there one because I just bloody
enjoyed it and also because it like kind
of kick-started me back
- John right I hadn't been reading - a
long time the next one is me I read this
very early in the year and later in the
air was lucky enough
