yeah welcome to phase two of Leena tries
to get all of the off her floor
sorry about the background noise wearily
of people own lawns which is novel for
London people actually own gardens and
they apparently like to mow them which
is which is fine it's understandable
we'll proceed at the hall first books I
got were kindly sent to me of our
vintage and they sent me pictures of
these books and I just like I liquidated
my heart liquidated because they are so
bloody beautiful now vintage to do a
series of Jane Austen one last year that
I'm really really beautiful and this
year they've gone one up and they've
done some Bronte's oh my god
what their Heights is one of the ones
that I've been told to read loads but if
you sort of you remember if you've
watched my channel for a real long time
you'll know that I used to be called
Cathy and because my name's Kathleen and
people used to sing the Kate Bush Cathy
Cathy
oh come at me all the time it made me
just not want to read this book but I
should I should what is amazing about
these books is that instead of a blurb
on the back they have a very small and
famous quote from the back of the books
so this one says whatever our souls are
made of his and mine are the same then
we've got the tenant of Wildfell Hall by
Anne Bronte a bit of a thicker one this
time and again a quote on the back that
is beautiful and only I didn't notice
this on the inside of the jacket there's
also pictures I wonder what this one is
hold on all this one's just got like
it's gonna fly and then the ultimate
Jane Eyre this is definitely the most
beautiful Jane Eyre copy I own I've read
Jane Eyre a few times and think this is
the copy that I'm going to keep because
this is the one that is clearly in the
running for sexiest book of the year
look at that look at that
I was also sent the new Kate Beaton Kate
Beaton is famous for haka vagrant which
is a blog and also a book I'll link
below
I love the blog I've read parts of Park
a vagrant I don't own it myself
and I've already been bookmarking stuff
because I starting to find it so bloody
hilarious I'll mention more and I review
it but there is a hilarious series of
feminist fun ones taking the mick out of
really strident feminism they're taking
us a terrible look at very serious
feminists who can't laugh at themselves
and sometimes go a little bit too far
and a little bit too illogical and I
love that I keep eating I thought was
really brave
and I'm gonna review this when I
finished it because I think it's
brilliant there was a beautiful shop
called ripping yarns that I loved and my
friend Jen worked in it and she wrote
some cool books about it which is you
check out it closed down with a physical
version of it closed down really
recently so I went and picked up some
last-minute things that they have left
in the shop and I always find caucus in
that shop I think it's an amazing it's
an amazing secondhand place so
contributing to secondhand independent
life I bought the woman's room there's
novel changes lives this is supposed to
be a very staple feminist novel that
sprung off a lot of other kind of
feminist theory I think is in the 70s or
maybe the 80s
yeah the 70s and I've heard a lot about
it and I thought this copy is really
cool and I really like the format of
these ones I've really that's the one
America does a lot of things badly
health care attitude politeness fashion
but but these kind of aeroplane format
books are a lot more popular there and I
have my copy of wicked in that format as
well and I really love this small format
because it makes you feel like you're
reading on longer it's really loud isn't
it
I generally see no stopping an open
Ginny I will not be apprehended by
foliage Brokeback Mountain is actually a
short story first I didn't realize that
only saw Brokeback Mountain for the
first time a few months ago and if that
was brilliant and I'd really like to
read this really really short and story
about it I'm really excited to read this
really really short short story that's
based on I like doing Maps the same with
Benjamin Button which is a really
interesting short story and absolutely
nothing like the film the film isn't
true that the film really
sentimentalized this war is a very like
satire driven and hilarious short story
anyway I'm trying to read more plays why
did I even buy this like I remember oh
and I'm basically showing two more plays
I guess and this the premise of this one
the Giants had an interesting some look
I say on that mammoth sails tonight by
Adrienne Mitchell it's about a princess
who falls in love with Sir Patrick
spends the captain of us ships you
sailing on he takes that honor and world
adventure that involves time warps
icebergs trolls and skullduggery if you
can fit all that into that many pages
then I salute you Adrienne Mitchell
let's find out if you're all talk and no
trousers and the we're again I think I
just wanna read plays
I don't know Harold Pinter wrote one of
my favorite plays which is the caretaker
I thought it was brilliant I've studied
at school and I kind of always go back
to that as the kind of like that
explained a lot of things about
storytelling to me that I didn't realize
were there and it's were things that you
I found really boring at school but then
once I'd read it I was like ah it makes
so much sense and there's a really cool
black-and-white film of it if anybody
does want to watch it it's really good
aspects of the novel by for starting
trying to read some stuff around
I love Forster I love Howards End in
particular is just like the most
devastatingly amazing novel and I want
to read more stuff about the theory of
how you write stories so I got up people
are messaging me I mean last time I go
from that from that shop is a book
called subversion and subsidy look how
beautiful it is it's a pink cover
originally then it's got this amazing
gold book jacket and then it's also got
a I've forgot the name for this
publishing as you know a review playing
to the gallery and by grace and parry
very recently and I like talking about
how we see aesthetics now we see art so
I thought that I'll just put on the back
burner if I ever feel intellection and I
want to dip into that world again and
get a better idea of what he was talking
about this here is a play by Ali Smith I
love Ali Smith I met her at the Man
Booker awards a few weeks ago and I
managed to like rush up to her and gush
about how boy meets girl has changed my
life and helped my family and always
kind of personal staff and it was really
really great exchange and I like very
rarely get excited to meet authors maybe
because I work in publishing and I'm
like authors they're just people and but
I fan guilt over her massively and so
Jen gave me this actually as a president
ad I really like plays and I really like
Ali Smith so I don't really see what
could go wrong here nothing speaking of
friends who give you cool things this is
a recommendation from Sanne books and
quills this is Sophia Khan is not
obliged she handed me over a proof
coffee of this was like you need this in
your life I can't gonna read the back
Sophia Khan is ready to renounce men for
good until she persuaded to write a
terawatt expose on the Muslim dating
scene but as her woes polygamy include
friends and marriage obsessed relatives
become her work might Sophia just be
falling in love this is can't go on
white shut up
trying to booktube here I'm really
really excited
I'm gonna pray basically after I
finished the other books I'm reading I'm
gonna grab this one next
I bought when we went on a man book a
trip to Edinburgh this is called perv
it's the sexual deviant in all of us by
Jessie burring meet the young woman who
has fallen madly in love with the Eiffel
Tower
a young man addicted to seductive
sneezes and a pair of deeply
affectionate twins he challenges us to
move beyond our rescues toward deviant
sex and consider the alternative what
would happen if he rose above our fears
and resolutions and accepted our true
nature's really controversial book have
a lot of discussions about this with my
friends and I think I would like to read
it to learn more things learning good
and I was I got my sanity here which is
a book set in San Francisco and it's
about girl in 1994 who moves to work for
the literary agent of JD Salinger and I
very rarely read stuff about people who
work in publishing even though I think
it's the most fascinating thing ever so
I really really want to read this and
see if it compares to my experience yeah
okay there all the books well what do
you want I don't know why you still here
you got the book you've got the book
porn why I'm gonna go eat some food I
think I'm going crazy
