writing a subpar as the content good hi
guys what all this is it's the Q&A let's
start the queue naked
pancakes I love pancakes I have pancakes
this morning in fact I have some mixture
left let's go make some pancakes now
wasn't kidding next question
Lily Rose asks how do you get back into
reading stop reading the book that stops
you reading I won't start reading a
different book also read books that are
like taught processes because like
you're still having thought even if you
can't read you're still having thought
processes oh my laughs didn't I
so you need to find a book with a
similar like thought process voice to
you which mine is Bridget Jones and I
know every girl says that but like
genuinely something that's already part
of the rhythm of your mind because it's
always I find reading hard when stories
is gross
sometimes just can't go into somebody
else's rhythm somebody else's like way
of saying something so it's good to like
start off without anyway and then eat
your way back to those books because
there's the books I should be reading
ones that I like not about you but
sometimes you need to read over fire to
get back into reading in the first place
make sense no good
Gracie actually also asked another good
question which is what is the best poem
ever told on I mean it is pancake and I
find it it's called the break-up or how
to move into a house that is on fire and
you can click here to watch it it's
really clever in the way it sets up the
situation and there's like constantly
setting up the situation and also
pulling it down from the inside and it's
about a girl who's in love with this
house and like it starts arranging her
books as it's burning down I wonder what
kind of wallpaper I will put in this
room and like my sofas gonna look so
good here as flames are coming through
the floor it's a really battering and
genuine and really accurate a kind of
description of somebody trying to make a
relationship work that just won't work
and it breaks my heart every time and I
cry I not gonna watch the end of it in
front of you because I'll just cry lela
lela films
Lila films asks how do you deal with
disliking your partner's your parents
new partner I have no experience of that
but if I compare it to so I'm not gonna
like give you too much stuff but like if
I compare it to you like situations
where I've not really liked one of my
friends boyfriends I try and watch and
listen to that person as if I am my
friend as if I'm not me as if I have
different ideas of what is cool and
attractive and interesting and then I
try and imagine what it would be like to
love that person and it doesn't always
work to be honest some people are just
bloody dull we always approach people
with ideas of what we think is cool and
attractive and interesting and like
stripping that back and being like right
imagine if I didn't think that that was
a good trait or I thought this is a good
trait instead and just like Imaginext
even if it doesn't work him even if you
still don't have anything to say to them
and you don't really like them at least
you can genuinely sit there and be happy
for your friend which in this case is
your mum and I realize it's probably
more complicated than that
unless of course like he's really mean
and horrific and then like don't
empathize about Joe Joe Moreno good
name asks what did you get in your a
levels what you need did you go - I went
to a barista University and then I went
to work my masters and when I'm like say
that I'm an alumni of some way I say
that I'm not naive Aberystwyth
University because they are the best one
my heir levels I few people asked me as
one actually and I did art predictably I
had a pumpkin spice latte one hand in
the other hand I was doing art fine art
and drama and English my actual a levels
I'm gonna be honest and say I don't
actually remember um I think I I know I
do I got a can you get a stars at any
level I don't think you could at that
point anyway I got like top marks I got
aids for fine art and a for drama I've
got a hundred percent on my from one
more practical and then for English I
got B and I ended up doing English as my
main thing and I think that I did with
my life and that's weird isn't it
because it was my worst day level well
well
we also asked another good question best
advice you've ever been given and the
best advice I've ever been given is
everything in moderation even moderation
and my mum from my mum four legs good
two legs better that's when we try and
put the pets first in the house and
she's like no yeah I think they're like
the two that I really live by like
everything in moderation because I'm
quite an extreme person I like to make
extreme decisions and do extreme things
most people's mantras are like go get
out there do things like be free and
like my mantra by its nature and needs
to be a little bit more containing and a
bit more sobering and that's that's why
my mantra is not like eath Pray Love
it's just why my mantra is not like Oh
live laugh love because like I do all
those things I'm like just immediately
it's more the loving a little bit less
moderation like live a little bit less
calm down give yourself a break say if
you can't I want to know what are your
thoughts on authors self-publishing and
this is an interesting one and there's
no problem with self-publishing actually
think it's a really healthy thing I
think any way that you can share your
art with the people around you and
there's no barriers between you and them
is like really really healthy
however me as a reader and me as a I
guess professional book reviewer I do
not accept self-published authors books
I've had bad experiences in the past
frankly I have never read a
self-published book that for me has been
a good book and I believe in the process
of publishing so I don't just believe in
like publishers come in and they print a
book of you they print your work for you
and disseminate it and then give you a
tiny amount of it like publishing houses
are a huge part of what a book is and
there is a certain amount of quality
control where I'm like I only have so
much time to spend in my life and I want
to spend it on a book that I know it's
good at that's why I'd go to vintage or
Random House or I'd go to specific
publishing houses that I know publish
good books and so I don't waste my time
really because lots of people who have
spent time finding what they deemed to
be good and publishing it and not just
publishing it but being part of the
process I'm going around now showing
part of the process as much as you know
sea-ice I can say I like area
run Danny Ariana Grande area too old to
say that name it's like saying that I
love her music but actually I'm saying I
love the way that musics been produced I
love the way that musics been made and
that is a team of people and I am a fan
of that whole team of people I'm really
saying that I like the production and
the producer and I wish I could just I
should just follow producers through
their career when I like music not
follow the artists or follow both the
same with editors like now I work in
publishing there are so many editors
that I meet that are like oh yeah I
commissioned and edited this book and I
commissioned edited this book and I
commissioned this book and I'm like all
of those books are brilliant also
because I work in publishing I read a
lot of I get to read a lot of
manuscripts which are unedited books and
other listed books are frankly not that
good until they've been edited like
trust me that's also brilliant about
editors and that's why we need them and
that's why I would never read I'm not
gonna try and not ever read another
self-published book sorry guys Lucy
Burke wants to know what's your opinion
on The Book Thief my opinion on The Book
Thief is that it is a fantabulous and
you can click here to watch my review of
it and I love that book the sheep and
the wolf asks beside the man book of
vloggers obviously you can watch us here
we're wiki I share first who are some of
your favorite booktubers well hey
basically anybody who's been on my
channel I obviously love so I love
Arielle I love sana
I love loads of booktubers and somebody
that I have a massive girl crush in the
room that you should all go watch is
rondalee like I there is there are no
words to describe how much I love that
channel sometimes I think I get up in
the morning just in case is the day that
they upload so few Boyd wants to know do
you have a bucket list if so what are
some of the things on it I've given up
on bucket list I don't rate them there's
nothing I did I like doing there's lots
of things that I want to do now
immediately but I refuse to be held by
my past self because I changed often
into doing things that I might not feel
are the most urgent or important things
to do just because past me thought they
would be a cool idea basically I think
I'm too fickle to have a bucket list I'm
just really happy doing things in the
moment that I am doing now however I
would like to live abroad so I guess
that's the thing well they like Who am I
just a why I'm just like somebody who's
like I would like to live
Brod maybe I just like the way that
sounds maybe I don't watch you want to
live abroad because if you think about
it if I did really want to live abroad
it'd probably be abroad okay that's
enough do you have a feel good book or
maybe one or more that makes you smile
no matter what's going on in your life
its if so if yes which yes but I'm gonna
give you a quick rundown and probably
just films to be honest the lake house
easy a Julie and Julia they're the three
that I'm like yes oh and her high
society and if I need to be comforted
then the sound of music pot emotion
wants to know from having lovely day I
am hot emotion having a brilliant day PS
you're pretty online harassment Danielle
wants to know is being an adult as scary
or as hard as it sounds yes yes yes it's
super hard and it's super scary but you
know what was really super hard and
super scary being a teenager like that
prepared me for everything like there
was nothing worse than having to go to
six warm every day I don't why like
everything's hard and actually there's
brilliant parts of being an adult but I
could just buy gin at any point and just
drink it 10 a.m. for one if we want to
cook fried breakfast and eat it while
having a bath I can do that and I can
just change my life like that I really
enjoy being and I look to be honest I
don't know I'm probably like executing
it in a traditional way but I like the
way I'm an adult you can choose the way
you're an adult and I like the way that
I do the adult thing but it is hard
sometimes because like you like you
might have backup for your parents but
you don't really like have anybody and I
think also that's where people do fall
not always people fall in love and it's
great sometimes people do fall very fast
into like family like relationships
because it's weird when you don't live
with your parents and they're not really
technically your sponsible for you
anymore and you don't really have
anybody like technically around you that
like do you know I mean it it's more
only I think but I mean that makes you
more as also and give like it makes you
more resourceful and I think it gives
you more intense friendships but you are
like kind of on your own and that it's
kind of hard and kind of scary but I
also think there must be some value in
this like between stage between like you
know like if it is a stage but like
having somebody in your life
that is like technically the Covenant of
your family and we live with them and
you make your own family there's got to
be some value in this in-between stage
where you don't have that there's got to
be I'm gonna stay in it like I've
graduates anyway um pot amuse popping up
again Draco Malfoy yes or no yes i
actually think i weirdly have a thing
for boys who identify other ins sarah
hughes wants to know Oh Sarah Hughes
it's got some good illustrations look at
this okay I'm going to post a link to
Sarah's tumblr because she has some
beautiful illustrations this is amazing
anyway this is what are your favorite
films that get it right in the eyes of
feminism and films you love yet feel
despair from a feminist standpoint easy
a easy a is breathing example I just
watched When Harry Met Sally for the
first time and I thought that was a
really an example uh Bridget Jones's
Bruce Bruce Brazilian catamaran series
raised by wolves is a great example I
person you think Miranda is a great
example films that get it wrong that I
love anyway definitely high society um I
don't know about your guys opinions on
this but I recently re-watched a pretty
woman and I don't think that's a great
example whatever however many BuzzFeed
articles I read about it I'm still just
like no I'm just not satisfied with that
film as being a feminist film ever like
every film know there's so many good
ones and there's also ones I just never
found problematic so I don't think that
I have no problem with Magic Mike
franchise in fact actually in fact I
think that Magic Mike the females in
Magic Mike two are done really well and
I would consider that on the list of
successes they're thinking Rogers
commented are you excited about being a
bridesmaid Ron just go engaged yes I am
thanks for watching my Q&A and if you do
have more questions why don't you leave
them at the bottom of this video I know
I can do another one at some point cuz I
quite enjoy it and you got low energy
leaner today I'm a little bit tired
yeah I'll leave the links to anything
I've talked about below and frog smoke
out
