wait hey my name's Lena and I know
nothing about nothing recently I have
been thinking about me because that's
what I do best as a privileged white
woman I am white I am a cisgendered I am
straight I am
Western I am well educated I come from a
family with privilege my parents owned
that house
I just don't know a whole lot about this
whole world thing I've been watching and
re watching this really cool series
called the undoing project from who
leave below and it's got me thinking
about all the things I don't know about
the things so I decided to start a
series on this channel called stupid
questions with leader it's how it sounds
absolute transparent branding it does it
sells really stupid questions that I am
scared to ask I've been finding some
cool people who are opens people
learning open to laughing at themselves
a little bit laughing at me quite a lot
and humoring the stupid questions that I
have been too afraid to ask or too
afraid to discuss with people if you to
watch my deep talks with Ariel we
touched on this a little bit where it's
that thing of stigma and inexperience
and ignorance that is so you know it's
so prevalent especially on an Internet
culture to be you know the most informed
know the most acronyms be the most
progressive and that is hard sometimes
when you haven't really got the basics
and you don't really want to ask because
it's super embarrassing like I didn't
know what TWU meant for a really long
time and then CW threw me off completely
and then after LGBTQ I was like what do
all these other letters stand for in
fact I don't really know at this point
let's that's absolutely nothing wrong
with being informed in fact that's what
we should all be aiming for however
sometimes I think people run forward run
front into the fields and then there's a
whole lot of us behind being like what
wait um there's more than two genders
what I'm looking with the series to give
some voices and some platforms and some
wider circulation of ideas that might
not have hit you yet or hit me and they
might hit us both at the same time and
that will be a nice bonding experience
for us we're gonna get things wrong it's
gonna be a little bit problematic it's
gonna be a little
if there is anything in this video or
future videos that is different from
your experience I would love to chat
about it in the comments I love hearing
them wrong because it means that then I
can be right the problem is if you don't
speak at all then nobody can tell you
you're wrong and nobody can correct you
and you carry on with those things for
EPS the reason these videos are gonna be
a little bit longer than your average
just kiss my frog video is because I
think these are big topics and there are
things that are worth talking at length
about and really listening to people
about so I hope you humor the longer
length please feel free to put it on the
background as if it was a podcast in
fact maybe I should turn it into a
podcast as well let me know if you can
help me out with how to do that or where
to put that because that would should be
a thing I guess maybe if you are a
person that it's not me and you think
that your perspective should be
represented on this series please feel
free to email me at Leena norms
gmail.com if you live in London or Brit
and that would be brilliant if you enjoy
this video and you think you learned
something please do share it we're
starting off gentle today with
masculinity and homosexuality and Jazza
goes on let's build in hi guys welcome
to the first episode of stupid questions
with Leena
and after my detox video I realized
there's a lot of people who wanted to
ask questions and that they were afraid
to ask you the same space and I decided
that YouTube is actually a safe space
I'm gonna make it that way so Java is
one of my very good friends he's also a
boy your identify as male yes I found
him I'm a boy anymore I think I'm a man
the test my being a man from a boy like
I mean I could jump off a diving board
it's like a port of Han well I was one
of the lucky people that came out of my
mom's womb and how I ended up
identifying was the same as the gender
assigned to me based on
so I should tell you I would never use
homosexual to identify myself I would
say gay man and although I identifies
been part of the queer community I never
say that I'm queer
so my identifier is gay man that's the
label the queer community is there
because it's query yeah like it's yeah
have you ever felt that there was a
discrepancy in other people's minds
between you being a gay man and being a
man in general like do people separate
that in your mind or is it because you
combine the words gay man instead of
quitter because you know it's one
compound thing so a common I've had
personally about me a lot from specific
easter-egg firms usually straight male
things is the fact like oh you're not a
gay gay man he says it's like oh you're
not like gay gay and I've heard it said
about other people who's like oh I
couldn't really hang out with him
because I wouldn't be able to go down
the pub and have a point with him he'd
be like having Prosecco and so and I all
to hold that as like a badge of honour I
was like yeah I'm like a straight acting
gay and as I have matured in my
understand
of gender and sexuality I realized how
bad that is and how limiting that is
when somebody is like and especially the
whole idea of straight acting is just
such and limiting and like really what's
the word can you explain what's very
acting is straight acting would be some
usually a gay man who is traditionally
masculine so it doesn't have a linked
list and dozen like it's the idea of
mincing down the hall altered the way
they'd stipulate or dress or smell yeah
a way that society might expect so it's
it's it's a gay man who - who would come
across as straight if you want to know
that they were getting basically and I
was labeled as that by others for a
while even though I do have my was like
I'm really glad that you are God he I
think he used the words a normal gay man
and you're not somebody who is just gay
I'm fine that you're gay but I'm glad
you're not flamboyant yeah well
basically because they see that they
will sometimes see somebody who is like
traditionally feminine in their actions
and particularly flamboyant and
eccentric as something other and alien
and like oh my god what yeah and I think
people a lot of people expected when I
started being open about my sexuality
expected me to all of a sudden become
gay okay the same person finally crazy
or it hurts when people say oh he's a
straight acting game
oh yeah um I used to love it I used to
be like yeah like the gay acting guy is
a part of the problem and they're making
a meaning
like I have changed my attitude to match
your like hugely athlete polio opposite
now because it's incredibly limiting for
you to think about people in the way
that they come across because my brother
has like really flamboyant moments and
he's straight as a die do you think I'm
like an element to like straight male
culture that like you know if you're
feminine then you're kind of lesser
there's like something a weird sexism in
that where it's like oh it's alright
mate because you're still what you know
I don't mind what you do behind closed
doors but you can still enact a mask if
you know what the male trend of the Sun
is drinking aside from what normally
happens drinking rose a is now like a
daddy thing to do do you know what they
call Rosie Rosie because you can't drink
wine and so in like there's going to
like this idea of being ironically
flamboyant and ironically the rugby team
going out and wearing a dress and wigs
and like doing kind of down drag and
this I do of them like oh well just have
like a cocktail or something rather than
like but what if you quite like the Rose
a you want to have it on a regular basis
and not ironically you know yeah and you
think that comes with that idea of like
man bags and like man burns man burn
which I occasionally sport but yeah yeah
exactly and I mean it's it's it's the
male adoption of traditionally female
kind of products and activities and
excuse me things what's interesting is
that it doesn't usually go the other way
so a woman who wears trousers maybe I'm
like living
but a woman who wears trousers isn't
wearing woman out of houses I'm wearing
my mouth some some women who identify as
queer don't like the word dyke yeah as
really negative connotation school and
they find it quite violent word are
there any words that really faze you um
queer used to but now I've kind of
become okay with the with the adoption
of it as like a reclaimed word yeah and
I am really aware that the reason that
the word quit was really difficult for
me because I was around that being used
as a derogatory term such a long time so
my relatives of mine would say about
that queer a bit and my relatives are
from Vista hey to the accident like that
queer guy in the TV then you should be
queer and he was but it was like very
much a mixing of queer as gay and queer
as Wayne is like what is that and I
really didn't like that but I've kind of
gradually it's taken me a long time but
I gradually come over to identifying is
part of the quake I mean actually I'm
although deliberately do not use clear
to identify myself even because it kind
of still feels a bit strange but maybe
our doors do it you're fucking one you
can call yourself whatever there's
always your encroaching with other
people's rights and so for me like I
don't think as a straight person I've
ever gone I like you know cuz you're
quit like I think because it's so still
steeped in like weird changes with the
Society for society yeah so reject it's
kind of odd
I don't know I'm gonna sterilize some
I'm like I don't like where is a
deliberately kind of umbrella term
includes as many people as possible but
it's also deliberately kind of abstract
so it's not ever one thing whereas the
other letters in LGBTQ are Leslie okay
yeah there are very specific labels and
then in recent years we've kind of come
to the realization that gender fluidity
is a thing and gender identity and and
how that is on a spectrum is a thing and
that not everybody was really happy
being put in any yeah um well like but
people benefited I'm very happy being a
genie but it kind of it limited some
people in terms of the options that they
have that's why the queue is important
and the plas as well yeah and I think
that it's really useful for that in
terms of like rejecting the gender
binary very gentle eyes something and
then yeah yeah yeah so another question
I had is that like so I've had really
close male friends that have like as a
French mr. Graf they were like a decade
they come out gay and then people
outside of my friendship we were first
but was my gay friends they were like oh
your gay friends both blah blah blah and
I'm like oh they were what I'm do you
have you ever taken offense to somebody
being like oh Java you're my favorite
gay friends favorite I don't have
anything like very big nation to like
you know um so I like the idea of being
kind of like that okay guy and like a
novelty and this play thing I've kind of
come across fleetingly every now and
again so story time um for example there
was my first night when I was I lived in
Taiwan for six months my first night in
Taiwan this American Japanese girl came
up to me like oh my god you're gay no
they yes
because my friend hood-like introduced
and she had apparently who said that I
was taught and my friend went on like a
nice we're not interested in your fiber
puppets and she was like okay I've
always wanted to go you going to teach
me how to suck dick the first words that
came out of her mouth you liked it and I
was like Hello lovely to meet you and I
was just like why are you like I don't
know you and maybe she was like this
with everybody but it was very
specifically oh my god I really want to
go going to teach me how to suck dick
because I think the gay guys are great
at sucking
you don't know I've gone to a like drag
bar in Soho which is now been closed
down and we were watching this drag act
it was jinkx monsoon actually the window
RuPaul's Drag Race seasons season 5
and she and I know I was standing there
and there was a girl behind me and this
girl started talking to me and then
which is a problematic and then she kind
of like started making out with me just
started like okay but I I not I just
again just met and made it very clear as
to my gender preferences and you think
that it's okay because I'm gaining that
like it's okay for you to kind of play
around with me based on my sexual
preference and I'm like no but I'm just
not really into it
it's because people equate being and gay
with being promiscuous also being over
friendly I feel like some of my friends
have before is that when like people
have been really over friendly because
they they assume like certain
personality I'm so so about something
that I wear I kind of conformed to the
stereotype is that I'm very tactile and
yeah yeah yeah yeah and when she went in
because they started kissing you know
just I just cannot you know I just like
do I politely turned away from this okay
I need to go to I think that that it's
just the the stereotype of like the camp
man who is like the girls confidant and
the best friend and you know what he
comes from which is really weird and I
kind of realized when I was doing my
gender studies in uni I was taught this
there's academic writings it's the idea
of the woman in the concave and not the
concubine the woman and the eunuch so
women and eunuchs in many societies in
many ancient non European societies were
those who had like a very specific power
and they were seen as collaborators and
like the evil and like people who like
hang together and then put down and
others from within and the eunuchs have
kind of been replaced with the gays yeah
oh you also know what Noah's like to be
marginalized and you're like unless it
is like me being initially introduced
like introduce me is like oh this is my
friend Jessie he's gay like yeah yeah no
that's totally cool because I am I good
how do I feel like it my kids it's
sometimes handy to have that kind of
like yeah yeah
completely depends on the circumstance
but I went to trust most of my friends
to be able to greet those circumstances
yeah and if they don't I would tell them
because it's fine because you like it
depends on me and it depends on who
you're introducing me to etc etc etc I
usually encourage people to be as open
about my sexuality as early on without
me there because then I can just be like
ah thank God I don't have to have a man
because it can be really exhausting
because you're very clearly a woman
whereas I am based like this whole idea
of coming-out thing being like once you
have to do it like if the glass positive
like coming out at work and it being
better for everybody involving like why
do we even need to come out why do
people assume I think that whatever so
I'm always an advocate for I'm kind of
hypocritically is that what I'm
hypocritically an advocate for you are
completely in charge of who knows about
your sexuality because it's your private
life and it's like and this is actually
and this is seen in law as well like gay
rights have often been kind of
championed alongside to the right to
have a private life and all those other
things and so discrimination your honor
um and but then also I think that you do
so much good as just being that you
normal gay person that I happen to share
an office with because then we become
and then you put it in people's
consciousness yeah is that and then all
of a sudden people don't expect me to be
going in drag on a Saturday night
I don't expect me to be like like
incredibly flamboyant because they know
somebody who's actually gay you don't
just have a media representation and
there's only recently in media that the
media representation of like queer
people across the spectrum has started
to get you know vote and like we're a
lot further down the line with the Elden
the Jesus and leftover B's
and only just rising on like the trans
community um I was actually talking to a
friend of mine and I was and we decided
that the next big kind of media push for
trans like me era is having a trans
person playing their gender so playing a
man and not playing a trans man yeah and
that would I can't wait for that to
happen because now it's like all fucking
fine yes exactly and because there's
been like very much limited amount of
like to produce sexual roles in theatre
and TV and stuff I mean I don't think
there have been limited roles but I
think that they've been very specific
types of roles yeah yeah gay men
especially are like the comic relief
almost all the time yeah um and like I'm
a big fan of like Russell T Davies but I
don't think that something like his
series cucumber was it was a
particularly helpful or modern or
interesting it take on like gamer than
life cuz it was just a lot of people
popping off thank you again
yeah and loads of like eye candy anyway
that's great but you did that with queer
as folk like I'd quite like there to be
stories about gay people and like gay
casts where the people that they are
sleeping with is a side note to their
character yeah where is that what the
when in great surprise yes
where's-where's cucumber was like oh my
gosh and we hadn't seen gay sex on
screen for a while um but it was again
just like a load of characters who are
their first line of their bio is gay or
bi or really and I don't think that that
was particularly helpful no yeah so
another question I have is generally
about masculinity
yeah and if there's a lot of talking the
media at the moment about masculinity
being oppressive to men which I
completely agree with and understand
that some way and do you think that
does affect you in some ways with the
expectations of masculinity but also do
you think that you're kind of not let
off the hook but you think there's some
kind of negotiation between you being a
man and being masculine and like so I
think gay men um in terms of masculinity
terms of masculinity being
straight-acting
has been coveted in the gay community
for like decades in der physik get
things your your your chase after you
are dishonorable yeah yeah so that's
like if you're if you're like Oh
straight fucking guy you're meant to be
really really desirable and you might
have guys flocking around you and it's
meant to be and so like the idea of
masculinity I think has been like really
pronounced and really kind of obvious in
the gay male community for a really long
time because there is that traditional
perception of flamboyant gay men and the
coveted idea of like masculinity and
being like and gods like we have like
sectors of the gay community that are
like bears that are like are extreme
versions of masculinity and that they
are hairy
Jannetty we also have huge problems like
a gay male teenager is something like
seven times more likely to take steroids
and his straight equivalent because of
body ideals that have been particularly
strength are particularly strong in the
gay male community but then also this
has started to seep into especially in
the last like maybe five to ten years
sequence to the straight community in
terms of male body image and everybody
is expected to have six packs and pecs
and like mountainous biceps and a lot of
the time it just isn't possible like we
are all human different sizes we can't
all be but so there's there is
definitely like this desire to be
masculine and this shaming of being
flamboyant and eccentric and feminine um
yeah you know I get to complete less and
probably has a lot to do with kind of
and also the thing that you also kind of
have to take into account on in the if
gay men particularly is the fact that um
like your sexual position until like
even now is like one of the most
important things about you when you're
dating where if you go on to like a
dating sites you will be like are you
talk about all this it's like maybe
maybe I don't like anything maybe Ohio
desmos versus were you equally like be
no right in the penetrator and the
penetrating and then their sides who
just don't like anal sex and will do
everything but angles they're
interesting and but there's like do you
like having sex would you like to wait
there my babe I'm but they're such
distinct I did of those roles so if you
are a top if you are the person who
meant to be like the only penetrator
you are seen as
stealing and controlling and like yeah
you're on you are the man in the
relationship and then the woman in the
relationship is the bottom who is the
guy who is being penetrated and they all
see this feminine as passive as the
person who is basically being controlled
in and it's only I in fact I still think
that that those kind of distinctions in
terms of what you enjoy to do enjoy
doing between the sheets I still don't
think that those decisions are
incredibly limiting I like to think that
they're kind of improving slightly but I
don't know if they are yeah do you think
also love coverage about male suicide
and stuff and just reading are so he's
like mate black men are three times more
likely to commit suicide than women
especially thoroughly on antidepressants
yeah and like that's terrifying
do you ever feel like you're like people
are more open to you talking about your
feelings or like crying because of your
sexuality yeah one of my favorite books
in speaking up right yeah and in it
there's no good stuff about freak shows
and sexes and there's this there's this
woman who is a dwarf and she's now be
known and she's like people on public
transport can tell stop telling me their
secrets can't stop telling things they
never say to their boyfriend or their
friend or let me know people will always
come up to you and tell yeah yeah
because they see you as other and
therefore like some some kind of sea
fucking bag yeah people share more with
you like all like is that a weird
question stupid questions balloon um I
think that that maybe has more to do
with the individual because I think
there's two things here there's one the
best to stereotypes a one is the gay
best friend that you can confined
everything
you know exactly how to answer you he is
both like thinking with a feminine mind
anything yeah tell me how to get a man
gay man because like they know it can I
just tell you if you're gonna ask me
about like your female wiles and stuff
or like what to do it that dress does to
your bar I don't like I am i yes people
in the female friends and blessing we
were young once I'm a person being like
can you come shopping with me and I'm
like no I like I barely have interest in
male clothes and let alone the road that
I'm not going to plan on dressing in my
mum's dual buys myself I am wearing
denim on denim but trust me with no just
all of the perceptions of like you're
meant to be promiscuous and you're meant
to be as like atheist also there are
Christian gay people I know you like
though I haven't offended anybody I am a
baby yeah oh also a coconut
I don't even everybody we don't I mean
try yeah exactly like my experience as
also white and says um is incredibly is
so I have a podcast and we had three of
us talking about racism and we were all
privately educated white since men and I
was like can I just let this a little
bit like we are gonna get this wrong
interesting this but I'm so sorry it's
nice to like try and get you know try
and talk about it and be like I'm gonna
get it wrong please point out but that's
like the idea of privilege and I hate it
when people are like oh my god stop
telling me how crudely just like no you
need to go into every conversation you
have with the I with being aware these
we're all coming out forms and what you
might not be able to understand
completely and why somebody else might
have more to say about that topic and
have more of more of an understanding
than you guys like somebody with your
writing yet you might have opinions but
your opinions could be silly
yeah and I think with me like I like
read a lot of like queer texts like read
a lot of books around there and like
talk to a lot people and met people but
my understanding is only ever going to
be intellectuals only ever going to be
my imagination of what it would be like
it doesn't have that dimension to there
and you know legs not gonna I just not
gonna happen if I find a nice lady and
you know what in queer texts in terms of
like literature and stuff I very rarely
find any kind of ambient so for example
this woman Paul ivory is like one of the
biggest gay books ever written ever was
human and energies um and I have no
empathy for that guy at all for the main
character and he was meant to be like
the epitome and the humanization of the
Quin lib movement in the 1980s and I was
just like you sleep with Ben LTS like
obvious like that unnecessary no there's
unnecessary romance and there's an awful
lot of convoluted dialogue but Simon vs.
Homo sapiens agenda' oh my god like I
turned the page it was kind of you oh my
god cause it's written by a straight
woman and I was like how do you know
you've
stuff sometimes and I'm like I'd love to
write about that experience that
sometimes I feel like I'm just not
qualified but at the same time you know
she put it right my girl how many get
another team never in 40 she got it
right again and maybe now in terms of
the conversations that you end up having
to have like really like the
conversations you have with your parents
your parents kind of accidentally being
a bit homophobic and so for example I
had an uncle
he's from these evenings like oh I'm
really like a New Zealand dealings but I
can never really get used to yeah I can
it it can never really get used to being
said or gaming
I know I know I just sat there like does
the coffee taste it I was just a whore
expect from my parents were apprehensive
knowing about that and I was like no bit
like I need them to know so that I don't
have to hear shit like that when I'm in
my own house and I don't have to bite my
tongue and then oh fuck we didn't even
realize you know they didn't even
remember him saying well I guess like
what's ironic about this series is that
I'm you know being I want to talk about
masculinity and homosexuality
I want to be like the thing about this
is that what we found out by it's your
gay experience and your expertise unity
and the problem with the good thing
about the videos that you should go out
and just have this conversation with
everyone because like Jasser is only
speaking yeah but like it's the thing of
being like this is a window into how
something works only cock and it's the
same with any kind of representation of
a minority and I've always kind of
always catch myself whenever I describe
myself you know realiz no Mike oh wait
yeah I am yeah you forget I'm so it was
so I talked about this a lot on the web
is the fact that talked about this a lot
because I be I now have like a steady
boyfriend and we are and it's like once
a week like like a thanks Jeff telling
us what masculinity you're so welcome
let us know what you think about and
things and masculinity things yes what's
your experience of what's expected of
you by gender norms and lean enormous
expected and I'm now gonna go on Jazz's
channel animatic whirlwind and talk
about femininity I think ya know I'm
gonna ask him about things and I'm it's
also JA it's gonna be jazz ask stupid
questions because I don't do dairy but
yeah
so I'm only the links to that below and
thank you for watching bye this
