Amsterdam we went no more likes
introductions so we're gonna jump right
in here we go we thought we'd go through
some of the things that we loved and
some of the things that we thought we
went to beggin half which is the
spinster village yeah it's just
something we popped into it's like this
beautiful and little little quiet
secluded square in the middle of
Amsterdam where all of these old very
devoted Catholic women and used to live
because they kind of weren't allowed to
practice Catholicism openly there's a
beautiful Chapel there and it's just
it's really quiet and it's just a nice
place to pop in to it's got lots of
little historical facts and stuff in it
I really liked it it's great for
pictures but there are limited amount of
pictures so what you'll probably find is
you'll be like I've got some good
pictures probably most people that have
visited here today also have this great
picture we went on this cycle right so
we went into two bikes and we were like
hey there's this little cute cycle route
outside just outside of Amsterdam the
app kind of took us on this release
didn't sort of exist after back about an
hour we finally found the right route by
which point Lina was beyond exhausted
and we cut the roof off halfway we were
like okay well we can cut off this top
bit if we go over here and then a half
way through that we can be there in five
minutes and once you get out into the
countryside it's beautiful they've got
really long canals that people are
living on really small villages not that
many kind of other tourists around
really flat landscapes and farms and
there was a tearful there's one sort of
like suburban kind of village that was
really picturesque like a storybook like
we walked into a storybook my ass has
not recovered both good day regardless
also cycling in Amsterdam I think it was
great but also it was pretty intense and
it's very easy to sort of overwhelm
confused with all these roads that are
going around everywhere but also fun if
you like a nice bit of an adrenaline
rush I think I was kind of picturing it
like I'm a kind of light level sound of
music like it was more like some kind of
scary right we also went to ghetto
burger on recommendation of our
housemate Roman that was lovely and it's
run by this gay couple and it's this
beautiful gay bar that has some
beautiful cats in it had a nice white
car I'm gonna say I thought you talked
about that hello
that was the best bit there cats
everywhere in Amsterdam it should be
cool yeah every shop so we went to the
van Gogh and as we say in Coventry but I
think it's van Gogh is it my good day
and that geezer that did all them
paintings I thought was interesting to
have both my perspectives on most of
these experiences because I think we
found them a little bit different so for
you I loved it I thought it was really
really good I also thought that there
were a surprisingly small amount of van
Gogh paintings for the van Gogh Museum
loads of his really big ones we're not
there we've got the sunflower one around
the exhibitions and realized that half
the paintings aren't by him and they're
just like people who may have met him or
touched him or looked at the same
mountain this him in that period and
like it was relevant but it was it was
just a huge space that they it's like an
album with lots of filler they didn't as
filming this I've got no footage of it
it was really good seeing like the
original works and the brushstrokes and
being like oh my god he actually did
that you know because it's like the
original canvas painting what I did like
about it was that it wasn't as like say
if you get the lube and you try and see
the Mona Lisa it's behind a huge screen
and there's so many people looking at it
it's just a nightmare yeah yeah it's
just like a sea of camera phones and
vaguely in the distance you see the
forehead of Mona Lisa so it was really
accessible and you could go right up to
the paintings and it would that was that
was good next thing the next place was
the resistance museum that sense so me
and Craig were very um in two minds
about going to see Anne Frank's house
because I'm something that really works
me up is like misery tourism and also
like the kind of element of the Gift
Shop and just
it just made me feel weird and because
I've done a lot of like modules and
research on like the Holocaust you know
I've been to concentration camps I feel
like I've experienced that and I wasn't
sure if I wanted to do it in that
context and we considered it and we went
there and we were like oh damn Frank's
house and then we saw lots of other
tourists outside going that's a great
suggestion I got from a friend as an
alternative was the resistance museum
it's a kind of really small walk through
museum and about how the occupation came
around and the people who chose to fight
against the Nazis or cooperate and I
thought it was bloody brilliant like I
was really moved by it I thought it was
really well curated there was enough
like information so if you didn't know
that much about the occupation you could
like still get it what I found
fascinating about that exhibition and
about a lot of sort of the historical
things that we went to was how unproved
the Dutch growing up in the UK it's
everyone's very much like we are British
a book we'd and everyone's like so proud
and in all of these execs editions and
they were like oh well the Second World
War happened and we just kind of figured
it would sort itself out that us are we
great stories of like a woman who was
captured by the Nazis and given socks to
Don so accidentally like soaked them
sure women saving saving children from
nurseries and kind of jumping on the
back of trams and all the other Dutch
people seeing that happening and just
kind of chuckling and not telling them
giving him into authorities and those
are very like it gave you a good idea of
like the Dutch attitude at that time was
well it was really fair it was like when
you're under occupation there's three
options it's like resist cooperate or
adapt and just kind of being really
sympathetic to all of those um choices
and views and I didn't I thought I would
be like really bored with it it wasn't
one of the things that I wanted to do
and like exhibitions that were just like
information on a wall I'm usually like
but it was actually like really
entertaining
like enjoyed it yeah it was very good
and also it's weird to see some of the
monuments that we were staying there
like in under occupation oh yeah so yes
that's definitely my favorite thing I
think and apart from the cheese company
regular cheese by Christ we went to
checkpoint charlie
which is this kind of just out of town
really nice cozy bar and we tried
bitterballen
vision really nice balls of fried comes
I think you've just got to try the moon
be like very salty salty balls oh yeah
so we went on a boat tour that was
wicked I really always find in boat
tours like in big cities the people who
are the tour guides usually have this
like really dark sense of humor because
they're kind of sick of it but it makes
them even funnier that was probably like
one of my favorite parts of the entire
trip the boat trip because it was so
like relaxing and it took like an hour
after being educated seeing so much and
chilling yeah and you also get a really
good like feel for the howl the whole
city's like sound and stuff so once we'd
gone on the boats or when we were trying
to find our way we were like oh we've
come this way we know this this goes
this way a weak weak point flower market
lots of people like built up the flower
market to us and I guess I was like
picturing it to be like Columbia Road
flower market or something it was just
clearing some fridge magnets and I was a
bit sad there was like one with actual
flowers on yeah that's something I
wouldn't necessarily recommend if you've
recommended do we were a bit like what
is this this is fucking love wooden
flowers and seeds because that's all I
sold that's literally it
I love the book shops and there were
even the ones that weren't
english-speaking you can go around in
there just beautiful places to be one
that had a tree the whole way through it
I think that was the American bookstore
actually and that was like bloody lovely
there was lots of like nice places to
browse and look in really old historic
buildings so I like that and then the
last thing that we both bloody loved was
the vintage shops clothes go down to the
unexpected peak of the trip was the
amount of vintage shops and how
affordable they are Craig's about to
give you a fashion show
how can you I mean I definitely spent
more than I was intending to spend but I
was also like dear Lord they're a lot
cheaper than they are in the UK and they
were just really everyone to be friendly
there and they had like all of these
like really amazing cloves so yeah there
are things we did in Amsterdam we stayed
in a really beautiful air B&B on one of
the canals really near the center which
is the lodging lovely and and I just I
really enjoyed it
a great time should we give it a star
rating is that what we're gonna do if a
rating out of 10 I'd give it 4 out of 5
stars the things that were hyped weren't
that great but the vibe and the
atmosphere was beautiful and the things
that weren't hyped were brilliant I
think I give it like a three and a half
like because I found like we had burnt
out by day five we were there for five
days but by day five everything that we
had wanted to do obviously you're not
gonna do every single thing everything
that we wanted to do we've done and we
didn't really want to do the other
things we're very much like okay I gotta
get all the things done yeah another
thing I'd say about it is that it was
just so much safer and like it just felt
so chilled much and then I feel like
people I can't Sam has this reputation
in England at least of people being a
high drop so how are you fucker or so
many sack shops and I'm like there isn't
a red-light district but it's not that
shocking I actually find it way more
tame than so home apart from obviously
there's more nudity
it was so tame and so safe at night I'd
already say yeah it's not really safe
it's beautiful I loved it let us know if
you enjoyed videos like this and you
found it helpful I'm gonna leave a
playlist of other travel videos I've
made below thank you for watching this
is Craig you can subscribe to him too if
you if you feel so so watching declined
or don't and I see you like some rocks
no doubt
you
