this is Holly and this is Ted she was
born in 1991 and he was born in 1990
we're really sorry if that makes you
feel old and we hate you if that makes
you feel young this is a story about
growing up in the late 90s about
discovering yourself in the early
noughties this is a story about falling
in love but this is not a love story
this is a story about a girl a girl
who's discovering music for the very
first time a mermaid
who's discovering music for the very
first time hi guys this is Holly and
this is Ted and together they are holy
interns now I saw Holly and Ted's show
in Oxford a few weeks ago and I was
completely bowled over
they have written devised and performed
a feminist 90s mermaid play triple
whammy three flowers on a fruit machine
it was amazing so I want to hear a
little bit about how you guys came up
with this place she went to university
together than you yeah we studied
together at barmouth University which
used to be Dartington College of the
Arts
I studied directing and Holly studied
performing and from our first week we
were working together she was sort of
developed our working practice and the
sort of things that we were interested
in and the work that we wanted to make
and the changes we wanted to make in the
world and so the play is kind of a
retelling of the Little Mermaid but it's
also a telling of kind of being our age
I guess in growing up in the 90s and yes
special about that and how you can find
your voice yeah it was kind of about
like our childhood and like the songs we
remember when we were growing up and how
that influenced what we were doing what
we were experiencing and how much that
music was such a big part of that
yeah and how gender plays a role in that
yeah yeah and how we were sort of very
influenced by like the pop stars who all
seemed to be
especially the 90s was such an
incredible time for these amazing female
pop stars we had Britney we had
Christina we had pink we had power like
it was such an amazing time for all of
these role models but then when you go
back and look through the lyrics and
find out what they were actually saying
is it necessarily about girl power all
the time yeah wasn't it wasn't their
opinion it wasn't their voice it was
what the men in the recording industry
were writing for them and the ideas
about women that they wanted to push out
onto our generation and I guess that's
the kind of idea of the Little Mermaid
gaining and losing her voice yes and
this is really great part in the play
that were just like about the like the
comparative moves between the glass
ceiling of feminism and then the like
Little Mermaid coming out into the yeah
and like do you find freedom above the
glass ceiling yeah and the sacrifices
that you have to make to find your own
voice and the different ways that you
can find your own voice one of the great
kind of sellers of the play and I'm
trying to persuade people to come to
this amazing play is the kind of like
I'm just like there's loads of jelly
shoes there's loads of glitter there's
loads of tie-dye
like there's loads of sing-along it's
like that is it's really deep on some
levels but again there's that kind of
not shallow but like that really kind of
malleable fun part yeah I think that's
what that's what we wanted to do that's
what we love we love 90s music when we
go out we go to karaoke bars and we yeah
and you know there's so much bit that
just brings it all back people may think
oh my god I remember that song we
settled on mermaids because we thought
that they were the most perfect
representation of women but also the
weakest representation of women and the
most sort of malleable almost and then
from that in our devising process we
always listened to a lot of music and
our music taste just happens to be
really about 90s pop yeah where can we
see the play
pond wife is at Camden friend we're
going to be at Camden people's theater
from Sunday the 16th of August to
Tuesday the 18th of August at 7:30 and
you can get tickets and all details at
WWE and Ted calm and please follow us on
Twitter at Polly and Ted and we're at
Facebook at facebook.com slash Pauline
Ted if she can there'll be some links
somewhere
check out all the links in the
description and we look forward to see
you at Fond wife
