a few weeks ago Lisa who is a
vintage-style goddess an authority on
DIY sewing and if that isn't enough runs
to sewing cafes in London runs to sewing
yet I said it to sewing cafes invited me
to come to one of her shop snow angel
station and I could not resist
especially because she has one of my
favorite things coming out a book not
being a great so myself and constantly
in fear of the apocalypse I thought it
might be good idea to pick up some
skills while I could and I trundle my
little way down to her so over its shop
near angel station and it was beautiful
from that shop she sells material
buttons but there's also a plethora of
different kind of classes you can attend
and it just feels like a lot community
down there here's what happened when I
met Lisa herself so we're gonna
introduce you to the owner so over it
this is Lisa she has the beautiful book
so over it as well which is coming up
very soon yeah mom belated are you
wetting yourself with excitement risk
your job you've got a whole shop of a
fabric to replacing all started with me
going around London with my sewing
machine in a little carry case and doing
proper peddler yeah private lessons
going to people's homes and teaching
them how to serve I've had a big kind of
overcooked dude show ppl we're joining
material kind of realized that there
were so many people of our generation
who couldn't show and our grandparents
and could sew but my mum's generation
Putin and I was like well hang on a
second one over on Mars died who's going
to be able to teach us how to serve yeah
and suddenly it becomes a law skill and
a great kind of believer in the
apocalypse as well so I quite excited to
learn how to say because I feel like at
one point like and like H&M isn't gonna
be there for me why do you think that
people are so obsessed with vintage
because it's been a while now you know
it's not going out fashion going around
you know in am kind of nature
conservation they call it baseline
syndrome or something where you go back
to recognizing what your grandparents
you as natural so do you think it's a
nostalgia for the old what do you think
it's I do think it's a nostalgia for
they all either think it's that sense of
treasuring something you know that
everybody can go and buy something from
H&M everyone can go buy some from
Topshop and you can all go out and look
the same but vintage is
think special there's a history to it I
think I quite like knowing or wonder
what that happened in this dress should
we make some stuff yeah she trusts me
with scissors definitely ieave me so
Lisa when I think vintage I think
clothes but that's not true there is it
because it just wear clothes they live
their lives every object was vintage
yeah it's a me so in the book there are
projects that are for the home as well
so we've got and vintage lampshade with
lanterns that we're going to have a go
at now quilts yeah different things so
that yeah you can take vintage fabrics
and bring them into your home and make
rejecting them are they easy yes they
are so whatever would you say this is
from so this era not probably 60 s
actually yes we face Toys Toys yeah
we're going with a broody round glass
fabric and but yeah I would say quite 66
it's a wotty fabric oh yeah every tree
on glass so in addition broidery yeah
basically so it's a type of fabric where
it's cotton with little cutout and holes
and embroidered random for a lantern
it's great because the light of the
candle shows through and it's all pretty
he's been at me and cheap achieve get
excited about a lot of eternity yeah
exactly so what I've done already is
I've done a little ciggies AG edge on
the top using pinking shears which if
you don't know what they are they are
these amazing crocodile crocodile is
America oh yeah maybe we'll stop the
edge from fraying so we just cut along
the top there and then you take your jar
and you want to wrap it round so wrap it
round so we get work out how much fabric
we needs if you just a cigarette like
just like cigarette this is really
interesting my life galaviz Lodge
suggest that's it how tight very time i
doing okay i doing okay so we just want
to pull that bit out and we want to see
so we're gonna have to stitch those two
edges together so like that so basically
when we ran our at that point what we
need to do is pin that together so that
we mark where where they suppose to meet
around the jar so we're going to pop
them in like that so it's nice and
and snug round the jar great so we slide
in out and now what we're going to do is
we're going to stitch along the edge I'm
going to do something called a back
stitch along up and then you go back
into the end of that one and then you
come up beyond two steps forward one
step back yeah they go I'm left having
get like you've been married am I sure
I've seen this I'm sure I'm Lindy Hop is
so I feel more relaxed if it says better
than a meat-eor thing isn't it do you
find you have a specific demographic or
is lots of different kinds of ages of
people just men we do have some then we
do have some men not lots of them but
definitely do you have something but
yeah women of all ages so I'm early 20s
through to 70s I think probably the
biggest age group is in the 30s yeah
Maria it's a real mixture which is great
and every topic of conversation comes up
I can imagine it's really all right
sister yeah and when I was talking to is
one of the teachers about the other day
she was saying like it's I think that
because you you know you're focusing on
something else and so and suddenly you
kind of it in this a room full of women
and you just suddenly start talking
about politics and then you having about
I don't and fertility and then you're
talking about sex or we know at the end
of things and kind of hand come up oh
yeah and but I think people relax and
find it you know in 30 years again then
they sort feel they can write I think
I'm almost done okay yeah brilliant
that's good yeah that's good so we'll
just finish it off with a little tiny
little stitch on the spot and a not so
we are going to turn this the right way
round like a sock just left like a sort
yeah but you need to make it relatable
with my relay and then we take the
thread to create the little holes at the
top so if you wrap this around and wrap
it around about photons okay
time round the bottom of thats aware
that the soft start right at the bottom
to time one of them maybe you could
tables absolutely Vinci colors are we
done we're done everything and how long
did that take us a minute minute minute
minute what I call army of them now yeah
you can just line them up lying ahead
and then tiny air we're set fire to my
flat actually could have tea lights this
is poppy the shop dog it's a prop he
comes to work me every day and so she'll
be either in Clapham or islington and
she's ready to go home now she was she
wants a war what's in sewing like sewing
is not yeah she likes eating pins though
so she said yeah listen I'm doing as
you're the head of a pin well thank you
so much have them in your shop time I'm
going at home and so all my clothes back
together the person who's like get the
ones you already have sorted yeah mixing
you and maybe yeah thank you thank you
and here is the final product look
haven't even broken I've been lighting
little candles and every night it's been
lovely let me know if you make one of
these or if you've got any temples
temples simple tips temple simple tips
temples let me know if you've got any
favorite DIY projects or book so you'd
like me to check out because I do love
those kind of things and if you want to
find out more about some of the cool
stuff that Lisa does I will link that
below too thanks for watching frog smog
out
