hi guys this is Ariel do you know Ariel
do ya do ya I what is it to know someone
so this video is gonna be about deep
talks Ariel is one of my great great
friends well what are the great
friendships of whether and we've been
talking on YouTube for like five years
yeah but it was a very different
experience to see her in 3d when she
came to study in the UK I almost left
myself excitement was it cool about
getting to know Ariel in these six
months we've actually had like in real
life kind of sweaty contact is that
we've been able to have like lots of
time together that's like really nice
and she comes to stay at my house a lot
we haven't really deep long discussions
she keeps me out into the hours and the
way she literally turn up in my house at
like 8:00 p.m. and be like Lina
I've had this thought do we really need
country and then we'll be there to a4m I
never liked what I thought we'd do is
have a really quick discussion about
detox and how they occur like why we
think they're important and because what
I think about detox is that I think we
don't really a lot unless time for them
like we in our lives really a lot time
for food and transport and like sports
and we like to place a lot of kind of
emphasis on exercising our bodies but
once we leave University like there's no
there's no much provisions in like
normal day-to-day life to be like why
don't you just let your mind hang out
yeah I think even there might be a bit
of a social taboo on it a little bit
where you you feel like an idiot if
you're like talking about existential
crises at 4 a.m. when you're like I know
it's possible becomes such like no
actually that's how things change I mean
like when I was coming to the general
election I was panicking because I
genuinely didn't feel like I had enough
time to think right and I loved time to
like talk it out with people yeah and I
think that's what we need more of is
kind of like literally just creating
safe spaces where you can just talk and
it offline and it's with people you
trust and it's just just just if there's
nothing wrong with settings like time
just like - over ideas on purpose
because usually I think it happens by
accident
energy with me it's with like half a
point of like soggy chips in the middle
of the street when you're like drunk at
4 a.m. right like that's a great time to
have a deep discussion but and if I
allotted more time for me well my life
to really have those kind of like just
like brain fart right I think like the
world could be a better place basically
I'm so I thought you might go thanks
subscribe and I think you're right I
think that having people conversations
is really important and honestly just
really fun like it's also just a good
time sorry thought today me and Ariel
could give you some top tips on how to
have a deep discussion when me and Ariel
first realized that we had the ability
to have deep discussions yeah was when
we found that we had something very
integral in common that was going wrong
in our lives
always be like I've got boy problems and
people go talk about boy promise but
they don't really not time to really
like unpack what boy problems are yeah
so at the time we both liked people who
are our very close friends that we can
tell them we were like oh god what are
we gonna do and it brings up lots of
stuff about what we think relationships
are what we think friendships are where
boundaries are like how you're honest
and people in your life what being
vulnerable feels like and what being
vulnerable is and I think it was a
really cool place like start having
discussions with you because it was like
no it was really good though cuz we've
both been experiencing this for a while
we both had time to ruin it and think
about it on our own but then when you we
got till I actually expressed that to
somebody else you got to you kind of get
to see if it's nice and see like how
you're actually feeling and it's such a
different thing you know that thing that
says if you think about something like
you read something you take it in a
certain amount if you write it down you
take it and even more but if you have to
teach it to somebody else that's like
the math amount that you can absorb
something so if you're teaching your
ideas or even just like your fear icing
your feelings to somebody else you kind
of yeah you kind of really have to think
about expressing it to another person
and making it make sense for them yeah
so like I was I would sit in there and I
was like I like this boy he doesn't like
me I was like we know I can't just say
oh yeah like it you always need like a
friend to pull down one of those like
low lights the terminal is it would be
like do you really like them look how
much she likes them how what time you
start liking them what do you really
think liking is juice like disease like
your ex-boyfriend like you need to meet
your interrogate how you feel you know
like safe space yes are you just looking
there if you feel something no yeah and
it was really important that we I think
another thing for deep discussion it's
really important that you feel super
comfortable with the person that you
have a deep discussion with and it kind
of in a way works as a test yeah you see
if that is a person that you kind of can
have those kinds of ideas with so what's
really important I think is it's kind of
turning your phone off making sure
there's no time limit so especially was
in the evening somebody staying Russell
yes is house does get really nice to it
means there's no cutoff point you don't
feel like you're taking up somebody
else's precious time and those things
really important like in a way to like
change people's prejudices about things
so I think they're like this a lot of
stuff especially about like transgender
issues at the moment there's like people
that you know people that you love in
your life might not have opinions that
you think are like progressive or right
or taking us in the right direction I
think the only way that I've worked out
like opinions that I've grown up with
that were wrong for instance like I grew
up thinking that being gay wasn't was a
choice I'm not there was a wrong choice
but it was a choice or than it was like
wasn't natural and I think that's really
that's horrific
but like it's something that um I took
like trusted people that I knew to set
me down below I want to hear why you
think that yeah like really like take
part what I was saying and then also
like them really currently tell me in a
really respectful way why they thought
that way and it was like that safe space
for me to be able to say stuff that was
like yeah maybe that I thought I can say
that's why it's important that you feel
it's not on record yeah just you've been
allowed to say you have on record
nowadays yeah we do and like you have to
be able to say things and express things
and be stupid about stuff and be like
you know it's okay if I'm wrong
yeah and so for example I want I went to
a lunch slash dinner with two friends
that I just met I'd never met them
before it was the first time we were
hanging out and we dilaudid like quite a
few hours to just hang out at this cafe
and it was lovely but they dropped it on
me but they were polyamorous which I
just knew
thing about and you have to be
comfortable being stupid and being great
and being like you know what I don't
know what this is a bit like can I just
sit you down and like no you should Ubud
and so I was like okay what I was like I
don't know what this is and they were so
happy to be like yeah of course we'll
explain it to you yeah um you have to be
okay with well yeah and we've doesn't I
think like we need finding out I used to
be a Christian you were like wait what I
mean like on me finding out about your
ethnicity and right being like huh yeah
yeah that was really inject because I
was like I have no idea what I'd like to
be like dual heritage I want to do the
same when I meet somebody polyamorous
because I'm like Oh excellent
I know nothing about this come on yeah
yeah ask questions be apologetic if you
say something wrong
and I think if you're with a person who
wants to have a good conversation with
you they'll be okay when you make a
mistake yeah right like so freely on the
internet the forum and you say something
wrong no no yeah like with us basically
I don't know how it happened but you
found out that I was biracial
well like Lina was freaking out because
she was like wait I didn't even consider
this as an option I was like that's okay
that's my white privilige yeah but I was
fine with it
yeah like let's talk about it um yeah I
think it's cool to like create those
safe spaces in your life sepia because I
think there's like a really cool
BuzzFeed video where like they sit like
strangers opps each other and also like
people that were married for 40 years or
know each other very new easy I make
them stare at each other for minutes and
they talk about those their experiences
and what it was like to stare at
somebody else and it was like this guy
was like in 40 years of marriage I don't
think I've ever stared at my wife for
four minutes and it was that things like
taking that time out of your life to
like really a lot like brain time for
beer rather than just like oh let's go
and do an activity
ya know which kind of goes back to what
you were saying earlier like nobody
values enough I think thinking time yeah
it's a like when I wasn't Brad Lidge
moment privileged moment I said what
taneous lee went to Rome once and I just
started this project where I would
always carry a notebook around with me
and because
I went on my own and I had nobody to
talk with and no distractions whatsoever
because I was in a country where my
phone didn't work
I was just everywhere I'd go I'd be like
oh I have an idea I'm gonna write it
down and suddenly I had this like place
where I could just put all these ideas
down yeah but it's the same thing when
you're like finally have a chance to
just sit down for three how they talk to
some yeah well let's just be like Aaron
so I was thinking in the day I'm like
shoot right well basically I have this
thing where sometimes I ha it's again
Greg am I to tell people that you're my
boyfriend yeah so so often what will
happen is I'll be out in a boat and I'll
think of something that I want to tell
my boyfriend and so I'll write it down
on my phone so that I don't forget and
usually not a lot usually sometimes it's
like intelligent thoughts and I'll be
like oh my god I have this revolutionary
concept we're gonna discuss it sometimes
though it's really stupid and that's
okay because it's funny and it's fun um
so for example this one that I wrote
down was car park and how it just
doesn't make sense
car park doesn't make sense like because
it's like saying I'll sit it's girl says
write or tree stand it's like it makes
absolutely no sense she'd be like car
parking brake like more revolutionary
concept here parking lot
Canadian / American was sorry it's like
the boy who cried wolf the one time
you'll write the thing I also it's nice
to have like food food yeah like every
time I come to Nina's house I bring her
cookies usually much less Spence's but
again it's that prejudice of like oh
there's one cuz that think deeply and
you're like on their way
oh look away the next people I think
people have this concept that like
you're not allowed to just sit around
thinking right like you're a douche
bucket yeah all your Netflix is a really
where do you think you know you're
wasting time I mean if we talk for
five hours there's like my mom Laurie
another sad thing I have to make people
come to us I have a deep talk you're
adorable
go get blazed you guys have enough I
didn't just thought
that's because I might took this music
than people I was just really good
background music when we are like deep
conversation I was like I need to save
this someone I couldn't wait deep
clothes bears my think it's really cool
because sometimes you do need like
silences in the conversation which I'm
really bad at because I hate it like I
just have to feel silence it's been it's
good to have music and also just like so
you can process things might be like
right but yeah I think deep talk is
really important and they brace like
play out ideas with people and also like
Oh sing like because I lift a name like
it would be like this thing where my
thoughts would escalate if I didn't
bounce them off somebody so if I was
really happy it's really cool because
I'd be like I'm so excited about life
everything's I could go on for hours
like it gave me it can be euphoric but
if you're having an Oracle or whatever
you're wearing your foreign key but like
if it's a bad thought then like it could
really escalate you can you go down this
really crazy path yeah and also if
you're just having thoughts on your own
a lot of time that's great cuz you get
time to think about it without anybody
else interrupting you and you can take a
thought to the end of its process but
like also you need to talk to other
people but a thought to see if it's
gonna stand yeah like have somebody cake
that fought around but and you're like
oh yeah wait this is still is a
legitimate concept or yeah well that was
stupidity and I'm gonna let it go yeah
you need somebody to testify for you
definite yeah and I think also like it's
there and interrupted things that like
it's good when you're on your own and
you think you're not being interrupted
but it's also good in the conversations
yeah you need to be able know too much
yeah they can interject and be like what
do you mean by that exactly and you're
like wait I didn't make a note did I any
hotspots issue of countries everyone
tell me why you
we don't need yeah why we need to do is
go and talk to people deeply like maybe
even check this video if they're gonna
be like it hey I think we should have
like a deep thoughts day and while your
brain like subscribe and comment maybe
like it if you like like the game you
liked it if you liked um you can don't I
click every three oh where is it cuz the
brains everywhere look at hit yeah yeah
I'm glad everybody together
I did enough of you
