I read books in ages and I realized
that's an issue so I'm reviewing two
today that we're meeting to review for a
while
and I picked these two to review
together both because they both feature
circuses and if you know anything about
me you know that I really really love
circuses actually my friend Jenn just
made a video all about our circus books
and it's all we talked about last Ally
we also talked about boys but mainly we
just talked about circuses and she's
made an amazing video about like books
that feature circuses and freak shows
and stuff so I really recommend you
check that out
I'd love to do a similar one soon as all
because I have lots of wants to talk
about here too that have been released
really recently that in some ways I
think they're interesting to review
together one because they're both
literary novels that have been
critically acclaimed but with fantasy
elements and two because they feature
circuses and three because I thought
they'd be quite similar books and
they're not they're really different
particularly work a picture of the night
sky on the front and tell me it's about
circuses and you have 1299 from my
pocket no questions asked the first one
is station eleven by Emily st. John
Mandel is st. John her middle name
that's what's bothering me a lot I were
reading it if my voice is gone I have a
really legit reason I saw Eskom seven
play on Saturday night and it's now
Thursday and I still have not recovered
a dream come true an audacious
glittering novel set in the eerie days
of civilizations collapse station 11
tells the spell wine the story of a
Hollywood star his would-be Savior and a
no magic group of actors roaming the
scattered outposts of the Great Lakes
region risking everything for art and
humanity this traces a point not so far
in the future where civilization
collapses not in a confetti falling of
zombies or some kind of great nuclear
explosion with an Asian dictator but
just just flu just really flu that
nobody can solve and I commend it for
that because I think in some ways it's
not a very dramatic post-apocalyptic
novel like it's actually it's deeply
disturbing because it's very believable
the author wax that sensationalism out
the window straight away and I think
there's kind of ties in with my
expectations of the book because I
really wanted it to be about this
traveling
nomadic group of circus and and
Shakespeare performers who could have
wandered the land performing Shakespeare
plays is that in it it really is and
it's really clever and the way they hark
back to Shakespeare and stuff is really
cool and any actually echoes in the
other part of my narrative which is
tracing this famous actor's life just
before the world epochal eise's
vocalizes it's traces snippets of his
life before that claps and links it in
with the present-day
post-apocalyptic society and what impact
his life has had on all these different
characters you get to know in the
present day it's really clever there's
definitely that argument for humans kind
of natural instinct to make deities
which I always find a really interesting
discussion there are some fight scenes
or some silly stuff in it it does really
make you think about what it would be
like to not have the stuff around you
that you have and not in a way that
other post apocalyptic novels do it does
make you really realize how society
would be chronicled given how we
chronicles at the history so far and
were the world to completely crash and I
think I don't know I thought was really
vivid I thought was really brilliant I
just wanted more circus that I wanted
more stuff around the nomads traveling
you know they're all this this
collection of like musicians and actors
and and people who have all could just
kind of found each other in the dust and
decided to tour these two Shakespeare
plays around different kinds of
civilizations and and just trying to
just trying to stay together just just
trying to survive there's nothing really
that noble in what they're doing
sometimes it's it's just all they know
they they all I know is how to keep
these stories alone and how to keep
telling them and I just wanted to stay
in their world forever but it does you
know in some ways it's very Zadie Smith
and they're kind of visits loads of
different people's experiences of this
this time which is really cool but my
only thing was like I was like I just
want to stay with these characters think
they're amazing maybe I'm just a clingy
reader the writing style tells you a lot
about what is going on it's not so much
I think in some ways a triumph of
adjectives or anything it's it's very
much like putting you in as oh it's very
similar cinematic in a lot of ways
a lot of it I think red like stage
directions and I think that's what's
interesting about it because obviously
some of its based on Shakespeare so yeah
it was it was really cool but I think it
is not so much the fantasy and
surrealism and and I'm not kind of
pedestal extremist kind of apocalypse I
was expecting it's more of a very
colloquial domestic kind of apocalypse
which is really cool I liked it just
because he is a selfish reader what I
want I would love to see a kind of side
plot in a very manga outward way of
writing another book just about those
those performers that travel around
because I just thought they were a
brilliant ensemble and they were think
the most interesting kind of characters
and very much that kind of mechanicals
Midsummer Night's Dream style and kind
of collection of people and I just I
just loved them they were my favorite
and I got so attached to them I think I
struggle during the rest of the book
because I fell in love with them
instantly so that's not a criticism
that's just me being a clingy bitch the
other one I wanted to review as soon as
possible as the grace keepers this I
fell in love with the cover I saw the
cover on Twitter months before it came
out and I was just like that's the book
that's the book I expect to have my nose
in it in three months and I did I did
and I I just I ate this up if you follow
me on Instagram I was constantly posting
about this it far as a circus troupe of
performers that float on the water in
this again future a lot more of a
distant future this time and time when
the water levels of prison and has less
land around and there's two races of
people in their minds the people who are
clams who cling to the land and the
people who are of the water it's a very
fluid Margaret Atwood I'm told very
Angela Carter esque
although who's read Angela Carter not
list what it's a journey it's a journey
to the bloody chamber put that on
gravestone it finds these two characters
one it's always very timid but at the
end very punchy girl who lives alone on
island because she's done
something against the law and she's a
grace keeper and she is there to conduct
the beautiful funerals of those who died
at sea and she does it with doves and
all these different rituals it's
beautiful and then the other character
is a girl who is a circus performer who
performs with her bear and they kind of
travel around the clam land performing
and making money from the people who
live on land and there's lots of kind of
firewater elements to it there's so much
imagery and I think you just it's a nice
what I love about books sometimes as
they give you all the components v Tilly
and then leave you alone with your own
imagination like these are the kind of
things that I like to close my eyes and
imagine like enchanted Krusty falling
down old Victorian circuses filled with
mystery and and candle light and I
that's what I want to imagine and this
gave me exactly that and it gave me in
the context of some more unusual
characters that hadn't quite got my head
around before basically if water for
elephants and Oryx and Crake had a baby
it would be this book but at the same
time not this book at all it's very much
itself and I think it's one of the best
books I've read over here to be honest I
think it really struck a chord with me I
thought it's really littering and I've
been telling loads of people about it
because I think it's beautiful and also
the production oh it tells a kind of
fabled struggle for power in a small
societal situation it tells of kind of
the fluidity of what we see is kind of
black and white and the differences
between them and it involves mermaids as
well I'm not usually into this kind of
fantasy like a lot of people I think
we're surprised that I really like this
but it's just so beautiful a mystery and
it really removes you for the situation
which makes you think about your own
life and I thought it's just brilliant
literary fiction and I've been reading a
lot of nonfiction recently so there's a
nice return to fiction for me these two
books and glad I did it and I'm really
excited what your favorite circus themed
books because I am compiling a list and
reading the list constantly but I'd love
to add to it as much as possible so if
you want to leave me a comment below
telling me what your favorite circus
books are I'd love to add them to my
freaking big pile thanks a lot for
watching I'll see you in my next one
don't forget to follow me on Twitter or
Instagram especially in to grow if you
want my book updates basically post all
the time what I'm currently reading so
you can see what's coming up for things
to read thanks for watching
many thanks do call again bring biscuits
next time quite hungry bye
