I do not know about you for the
Cambridge analytical stuff and all the
other stuff around democracy and social
media has kind of freaked me out freaked
me out to the point where over read
articles about it and then freak me out
to the point where I don't think about
it at all because I'm like what is real
recently I picked up this book the
people versus tech how the internet is
killing democracy and what we can do to
save it in it Jamie Bartlett examines
what he calls the six pillars of
democracy now let me see if I can
remember them active citizens shared
culture free democracy broad economic
economy economy the economic economy of
course broad economic equality
competitive markets and civic freedom
and the big one trust in authority and
how all these things are under threat
from stuff like a eyes and big data and
smartphone addiction stuff like that now
to celebrate the publication of the
People vs tech how the internet is
killing democracy and what we can do to
save it I am collaborating with the
lovely people at EB publishing at
penguin for this video it's such a huge
topic and the book is so thorough and
covers so much so I thought today I
would corner a tiny bit of it one of the
pillars of Jamie's six and unpack it in
my own way and pack it in a way that I'm
incorporating into my life but
personally when I was reading this book
all of these pillars some pretty
important so I would advise picking up
and giving the whole thing a read the
pillar I'm gonna be tackling in today's
video is active citizens now I don't
know if you're watching the news lately
but it would look like it would seem to
me like us Millennials are gonna have to
pull off some really impressive
Dumbledore's Army maneuvers if we're
gonna sort this world out for me it's
really easy to passively walk through my
work life through my whole day through
my relationship with my smartphone and
not really consider it even my
interactions with the wider world with
the news of politics can become pretty
muscle-memory ish you know but I decided
no more I'm not having it I am not
having it so here are five ways you can
join me in getting off my metaphorical
butt and being active about first off oh
my god we need to sort out our
smartphone addiction I can lose hours on
this black mirror and not even notice
one of those obvious ways attacking this
that I just turn it off more I think I
got into a habit of turning things on
silent when I wasn't using them or you
know so when I picked them up even if
they were on silent I could see what had
been going on while I hadn't been
looking at it and it was just his
passive thing that I was clicked on so
actually four hours a time a day I will
turn my phone off and I've hopefully
started to build people's expectations
into that because I feel like when you
have whatsapp and you have all these
like ways of people message you they
expect you to be online all the time so
I've stopped making excuses for when I
haven't message somebody back within
like eight hours because that's an
unreasonable amount of time we've got to
stop this expectation that people are
always on and disposable to each other I
want to lower people's expectations for
how often they'll be able to talk to me
online and higher their expectations of
how often they might be able to see me
in person I also downloaded this app 10%
not spawn and called moment it tracks
how long I am on my phone every day and
it doesn't seem to count like my audible
stuff because I do listen to audible a
lot which I don't think she'd count and
it doesn't seem to have done that so for
instance yesterday I was on my phone for
28 minutes which is in the green section
there's other days when I have been on
for it longer but I am a social media
manager so I feel like I treat him well
it's astonishing how many other people
like had it or went to download it and
then what on the red section or on
orange which means that you spend like
more than two hours a day on your phone
so that was really useful i turn my data
off when I'm out and I'm not trying to
contact people so that I like take a
picture of something because often like
the thing is like I'm gonna take a
picture with that for Instagram stories
so I do that but I don't post it
straight away
and often means that I post less because
I'm like actually out of that moment
that's not a really very interesting
picture but at the time you're so
excited to be out there like must post
this now and then I've also started
carrying around this little bad boy
which is um my emergency phone so I
still have a phone on me for emergencies
and it has my boyfriend's number and my
family's number on it and but apart from
that it's just a phone so if I'm late
for somebody I can just call them be
like hi I'm gonna be late no other
things happen on it so I really love
having that just there's a really easy
thing to pop in my bag when I don't when
I'm the week it's a weekend I'm off the
second thing I'm trying to do is smash
my echo chamber now this feels like a
really like woolly term like how do
you really do this and echo chamber is
where you put your own opinions out of
the world and you hear them echoed back
at you people literally you're tweeting
and other people on your timeline will
be repeating the same experiences and
the same attitudes and the same points
of view back see so you always feel like
you're being agreed with and everybody
outside that seems illogical off their
rocker not cool and it's a bit too stark
of a difference for me I want a little
bit more of an onion in the way I see
that if you want on your facebook
facebook is the biggest focus of this
for me when I go onto Facebook you can
click the little arrow on the top right
this does happen though sometimes and
I've got no idea how to put this on
silent on your Facebook profile go to
the top right hand corner there's an
arrow there drop it down down there next
to settings there is a button called
news feed preferences in that you can
choose lots of things one of the things
that I've chosen to do is reconsider the
people I haven't followed over the years
I have unfollowed people that I'm
friends with on Facebook for a number of
reasons but sometimes that is because
their opinions are really different to
mine particularly politically and I have
reconsidered some of those and I've
really followed people I've put them to
the top of my priority list because I
realized I want to hear those opinions
and I want I should be reading them and
another thing is to prioritize who you
see first so I've put in my poorest
prioritization official news outlets
ones that I respect and also ones that
are like up there or not up there and
I've added those gone to like those
pages and prioritize them in my newsfeed
because I want to see what the big broad
sheets that I disagree with are saying I
also have tried venturing into
right-wing YouTube far-right YouTube is
a very strange for this to be but and
trying to find some more people in
right-wing YouTube to watch and I have a
few but I know if I'd recommend them and
so I'm still trying to find my way with
that so if you have any suggestions for
people who are right-wing not far-right
but just right wing please do leave them
below because I would love to hear about
them the next thing is teach yourself
critical theory that sounds scary it's
not it's not I promise
take that from somebody who got a D in
there
you're thinking a level of critical
thinking is a way of explaining why an
argument is broken why an argument is
jumping from one conclusion to the next
without following something through
logical fallacies is getting the
argument wrong and most people on both
sides of the spectrum should agree with
these fallacies and why they're not
legitimate arguments so I picked up an
illustrated book of bad arguments which
is where they break down all of these
arguments and ways of explaining it with
the animal kingdom and and it's really
short it's really simple and I found
that really good refresher and even if
you don't use the actual names for these
arguments because most of them are like
Latin and they're quite simple to
understand and you can still explain to
somebody why that argument doesn't make
sense without using all of this jargon
but it's a really good background to
have I think just like everything else
discussing and arguing is a skill and
it's something that we should all be
working at if we're gonna become active
citizens the fourth point is break the
ad model as they say if you're not
paying you are the product I started to
make more conscious choices when it
comes to you where I put my money and
why and one of the big things I've been
trying to do this year is put my money
behind the content that I use with
people who to my mind will use that
money to not treat me as a product and
just make good content and serve it to
me we start to expect a lot of things
for free which i think is really cool
that things are free but it does mean
that there is a payoff for that there is
always you know if you really want leg
summer cedar you might have to give up
your voice so I started paying at the
pool three times a month you can during
this thing called the editor's circle
and they send you a really good
newsletter a really respect them I
started paying for the Guardian and I
have also started a paper subscription
to oak humbly which is a really good
quality feminist beautifully produced
smart thinking magazine which I love and
I buy individual copies but I decided to
pledge and subscribe for the whole year
which I'm really excited about it's a
way to slowly consume thoughts and ideas
about the world and that have been
thought out and kind of like a delayed
gratification rather than instant um so
yeah I've started paying for stuff
because it works towards a world where
you don't have to be the product to get
something for free the fifth point kind
of
ties into that it's reading long form
well-established content usually in the
form of my favorite thing book headlines
and snap journalism are only part of
what it means to be an active citizen
and it also means reading longer form
things like this that have really
thought through the topic and explained
it over a long period of time because
some things you can't explain in five
minutes you need a couple of hours to
really lay that out and understand
something in its entirety so I think
when I am nervous about a topic I am
much more likely to pick up a book that
I used to rather than and search out the
shortest news article on something or
Wikipedia page if you're interested in a
much better explanation of the active
citizens and the other five pillars of
democracy do not forget to pick up a
copy of the People vs tech how the
internet is killing democracy and what
we can do to save it by Jamie Bartlett I
will leave a link in the description if
you would like to check it out thank you
so much for watching leave your tips for
how you think we could be more active
citizens in the comments below because I
know I missed them out and I know I
could do better and that is what you
were for thanks for watching folks knock
out
