hi guys you're in my bed today because
it's Sunday and we don't use tripods on
Sundays no I didn't use tripods on
Sundays stuff to poor people no okay I
couldn't keep up with that angle I felt
like my death was imminent every time I
love my boy handshake does like death by
camera to the forehead you know what a
way to go what a way to go so lately
I've been thinking a lot about
attraction not in like a metal shavings
on science tables like North and South
magnets kind of attraction way more in
like a human attraction way yeah you
were they I don't need to take you
thinking about like what people find
attractive and if you find yourself
attractive I have a thing where I have I
am kind of stereotypically insecure
about whether I'm pretty will be to
follow ever and if people fancy me and I
do have this little twelve-year-old
inside me he secretly wants everybody to
fancy them because that's the kind of
kirsten dunst thing we've been sold that
is the ideal and would be awesome
I'm also whether the male people that
find you attractive can be kind of
destructive and actually I've seen often
who a lot of people are attracted to and
it's really awkward and stressful for
them and it's also just not practical
because why would you want everybody of
you attracted to you surely you'd want
the person you're attracted to to be
attracted to you back much don't add up
society the must don't other but yeah I
think everybody has those insecurities
and in some ways those things haven't
gone away but I think what has changed
from me being a teenager to now the
clumsy half grown Swan of an adult that
apparently am like most girls when you
see a girl who has what the society
would perceive to be the perfect body
you go oh but then at the same time I
now can think about it and go would I
rather have their face though because
you know I like about my face it's mine
I'm so used to it I'm so in it and it
feels so part of who I am and I feel so
much at least while I'm still struggling
with living in my own body I feel like I
live in my face a lot like this is my
fucking this is my face there are many
like it but this one is mine this helped
me lately when you get these kind of
like insecurities about your body or
your weight and stuff look at those
girls and I go yeah but would rather
have their face or mine and then I think
about how weird it would be to have
somebody else's
and it freaks me the fuck out and I'm
like okay cool no I'm good I'm good
exactly how I am isn't that weird like
when you actually really genuinely think
about what it would be like to look like
somebody else it'd be kind of depressing
like imagine if you you know you said
like girls say all the time I wish I
looked like this person but imagine if
you actually did and you had no history
of like who'd been and when you looked
at pictures of yourself you looked
completely different getting such
questions like feature attractions and
love interest in your life really liked
you for you or they liked you for
somebody else's faith do you know what
helps me think about this the most
sniffly mayor the host yeah that's
definitely mayor that's death
stephanie's are responsible for all of
the Twilight books give her a chance the
host makes you think oh complicate to
explain
I'll try basically um aliens are taking
over the planet and they've taken out
with the spirits out of people's bodies
and replace them with like good alien
spirits the more you describe it the
weirder it sounds to be honest it makes
sense and basically this is one girl who
whose spirit hasn't completely left her
body and she gets inhabited by another
spirit and there's two spirits living in
one body and it's the interactions with
the original girls love interest and
then the alien trying to live inside
this body that isn't hers and also
falling in love with a different guy and
the guy being like I know you're inside
there but am I in love with the person
who's now in your body or am i nobody
but it is really there are some very
good points for us there was some very
good points brought up in that book I
think when as a girl I get jealous of
other women and because of that whole
like kind of all there's only so many
spaces as women to occupy so we kind of
have to feel like we feel like we have
to elbow each other out of the way and
kill each other for them but and yeah
when I have those thoughts I really
helps me to think about like how
attached to my body I am even if I don't
always like the way I look like it's
this mine and I grew up in it and it has
my scars in my contours and it's it
would be like you know that horrible
feeling when you have a dentist and you
come out and you still have like a numb
mal for two hours and you can feel your
chin like it's not your chin and it
would be that feeling the whole time
like no why would you want that why what
amount of attention would be worth
swapping your body or your face out for
somebody else's I don't understand
myself and half there
thoughts because when I really think
about it I'm like that's an insane
thought this isn't just a girl thing
either I'm sure boys get it and I think
girls do it too boys a little bit in
that like when I grow up I um you know
you get Hanson Hanson they're
symmetrical reference to end all
symmetrical references but Hanson and
you know people like Charlie from busted
and stuff on that and duggie from with
line you love the wall and you be
encouraged to love them more than that
the posters of them and they're all very
symmetrical and it's a thing growing up
thinking that that's what I was
attracted to and then realizing after a
rather I've met like actual real-life
symmetrical people that kind of you know
would rival those people that I had on
the posters on my walls when I was
growing up but now I kind of look at
them and I'm like I appreciate your
symmetry you seem to have exactly the
same size is on both sides that's
amazing that's your eyes are very blue
it does look like God has a spirit level
when he was crafting your your
cheekbones but I don't I don't really
want you to get any nearer like it's a
thing where you like look at people from
afar even more like you're beautiful but
like I don't really want you near my
face when I really sit down and think
about it I don't really want you in my
face and it's interesting is it like we
want people to look at some afar when we
go out in the street more worried about
how we look want people to look at us
from afar and be like oh hottie but
what's the end result of that you know
strangers that you don't know and don't
probably don't really care about
thinking that you're symmetrical and
beautiful or do you want somebody really
close to your face I think if I had to
choose I just want somebody really close
to my face and once you get that close
to somebody's face can you really tell
whether it's symmetrical or not because
I think we spend a lot of time worrying
about whether we are beautiful or hot or
handsome and we don't spend enough time
worrying about what I think deep down
we're really worrying about is whether
we're attractive or not and you know
what the devastating and horrible truth
of that is there's no way of knowing if
you're attractive or not there's
literally no way of knowing well beauty
is arbitrary and in the eyes of the
beholder it's still genuine easier to
work out whether you're beautiful or not
and to work out whether you're
attractive or not like that is so
abstract that's so in the ether that
there's just no way of knowing - stop
fucking worrying okay so stop fucking
worrying about it doesn't stop no stop
stop stop stop stop
you wait now when somebody wants to be
near you
face until they actually put their faith
near your face until then it's all balls
in the air yes so it's all of them here
I'm employed I'm an adult who knew do
you ever find people beautiful but then
realized that you wouldn't actually want
them to kiss you do you guys think
there's a difference between finding
somebody beautiful and finding somebody
attractive let me know in my pubes I
mean in the description in the
undergrowth what getting worse not
better
frog snog out
