hey guys so you lot liked my breakup
books video so much that I thought I'd
come back and do a film version
totes loads to say about films as well
totes load this is a list for those who
can't stomach what everybody advises you
watch when you break up with somebody
which is violence dystopia death I got a
car I watched the first em mini film
episode of Bowser Galactica and I think
I cried for 45 minutes afterwards
because well destruction how is that
supposed to make you feel better so if
you're also not in line with the
traditional cathartic route that most
friends will send you dancing down and
then this list is for you former fans of
rom-coms who have now had their hearts
broken first and death destruction
dystopia probably see can laugh about
now kindly you'll find they're not sorry
guys you're gonna be just fine I mean
the cheat sheet with this one because
it's actually a trilogy the first one is
before summarize it's amazing and
slightly experimental but also within
the genre of rom-com it's about this
french girl into the american guy and
then we have one of those overland
european trains bound for different
destinations they get talking business
as a german couple in their in their
carriage who seem to be having some kind
of marriage meltdown and they start to
talk about what love is and it is it
real and they go into some big
existential debate they're getting on so
well in fact and they're both so
intelligent that they decide to test the
constraints of fate and cliche and get
off the train at vienna and spend a
random day together obviously the film
is not a day long but it is shot in real
time in that the shots are really long
and they just follow them down the
street so this really long conversation
feeling up there's no break at all in
time and they just go to record shops
and they walk around they talk about
things and there's very inconsequential
in some ways they just spend a night
together that sounds rude well but this
24-hour period in vienna is an amazing
character study and in-depth discussion
about a generation that's oversaturated
with narratives about love and ideals
and fate and ridiculous things like this
and the couple are really like staunch
ingly kind of rude about romance and
rude about love but I'm also kind of a
very real and and human and react to
things very beautifully and it
just pray it's so good there are two
sequels so prepare to have your heart
ripped out I'm not promising happiness
but I am promising a really interesting
ride and probably a lot of things that
resonate with you if you're somebody who
has been through a breakup and have
therefore been questioning their ideas
about love okay
think about it the second one is one I
sampled upon on Netflix back on and I
could afford that
it's called Jessie and Celeste forever
the film starts with Jessie and Celeste
surprise surprise at a dinner with two
of their friends who are a couple and
it's a whole kind of light little kind
of jokey scene and you think they're
like on a double day and it's all
beautiful and then the friends kind of
intervene and go hey this is weird
because you guys are divorced the whole
story is about these two best friends
who joined them six months down the line
after their divorce and it's kind of
about how they try and stay friends the
politics of leaving each other behind
while also trying to care and it's
really complicated and that is why it's
great because life
if you haven't realized and then the
third of these three and probably the
most famous one is Blue Valentine
Roy had garlic raw garlic I didn't even
know that was a football chant in my
head but apparently
so it's about Veron godling it's about
two people who fall in love you see
their life 30 years on from when they
fell in love as like kind of young adult
/ teenagers and they're married and it's
kind of like about how their marriage is
and like your reflection of how it
started and it just chops and changes
between the two narratives the first
couple are kind of running recognizable
to the second couple at first and then
you start to understand how it all kind
of went wrong overall it's just a great
thing to watch if you're somebody who's
trying to shake the idea that everything
would have worked out in the end or a
toxic relationship could have turned
into a great one at some point on a real
mentions that might not be as obvious
easy a Emma Stone over her and and then
also just because it is a story about
somebody who experiences shame sadness
isolation discrimination and just just
just a girl that is very isolated but
also awesome and retains some kind of
integrity and intelligence and that's
got nothing to do with specific boy
that's to do with sex and gender in
general yeah so it's a way to think
about one of those themes and kind of
feel lonely and sad but without being
emotionally blackmailed into a new
relationship because isn't that what a
lot of them were about was kind of like
she felt degraded herself with steamers
and appeared she didn't think she was
worth anything and then she met this man
in aza obviously she does have a guy in
the end but what I like about the guys
that he's an accomplice and she's kind
of like I have this great idea of how to
solve everything he's like yeah I'll
come along I'll help you with that and
her success isn't measured by whether
she gets together with the boy or not
and but whether she can treat that
relationship with privacy and with a
greater understanding of her own
sexuality yeah the other honorable
mention is worth mentioning because
obviously it's normal mentioned so why
would it be a normal mention if I didn't
think it was worth mentioning is freedom
writers Hillary you Fox
and also just a story that does involve
a breakup and a divorce and that is in
no way wholly centered on that and
actually she's super sad about that and
it doesn't overshadow her main goal
which is something that's absolutely
completely nothing to do with love and
has a wider purpose so if you're
struggling to you
extra lice your pain in the wider world
it's just a great thing to watch because
she carries the on because she
carries the on I'm Ashley red
lights
things films to avoid films to avoid at
all costs I found this out to my
detriment learn from my disasters Dear
John nope the notebook nope nope nope
nope nope because that just says your
relationship might go on forever and
you'll keep popping out in and out of
each other's lives stop it and then
third one Oh a Waterman wait alt
remember these are all I could have
drastically shortened this section if I
just said films that are based on
Nicholas Sparks books and even the name
of all the films that I've mentioned in
the description so if your ears were
left like Dobby and more like bolder
more you can find them there having gone
through a breakup fairly recently to
moderately recently go and feel like
I've come out kind of unscathed now I
feel pretty freaking good and I'm I just
want to I just want to come come up if
you're going through one I'm really
sorry and I hope these films help if you
would like to watch my breakup books
video I highly recommend joking reading
is the pseudo creme of love can you get
a job in Proverbs because I'm just
siccing them up anyway thanks for
watching and I'll see you in my next one
bye
