hi you might well ask what I'm doing I'm
asking myself the same question here's a
brief outline of what I think I'm doing
I'll just start this new series called
bathtub busking basically consists of me
playing songs that I barely know in my
bath does a point there is a point so
weakly I went to a festival called
Greenbelt there were lots of musicians
who are part of a campaign called keep
streets live and I'll link all their
stuff below but they really inspired me
to think about the fact that music
should just be played and it doesn't
have to be really good success is in the
eye of the person who is already having
fun playing music and that is the most
important thing do I have a Porsche
microphone no do I have an instrument
worth more than ten pounds know how I
practice this song for hours absolutely
not
but that's why I'm calling the bathtub
busking series not the VMA busking
series okay I just want to make the
point and also encourage you guys to do
stuff that is now in this strange
clinical elitist society become
untouchable and unreachable and glossy
and maverick ly ridiculously like
polished just do it at home just do it
for fun for the of it not because
you're getting paid or because you'll
get anything out of it just because it's
great for the sheer balls tingle of life
universally the place that every cent
they feel most comfortable singing and
actually thought they've got permission
to sing and play music is in their
bathroom interesting correlation it's
also the place that I think you might
laugh with the best acoustics so here we
are end of information beginning of
story get that reference along shake
your hand to start and bar off extra low
I'm going to make sure to ukulele isn't
quite in tune you would be able to put
your finger on where it just won't be
quite okay this is what I'm here this is
one of my favorite songs
if you know anything about me it's kind
of bizarre but not this one I can have
something it you ready you ready I
thought you were one happen
in Vegas stays in Vegas but what if it
don't what happens in my head stays in
my head but sometimes it won't
what if you knew what I was thinking
would it make you like whoa I am gonna
risk putting my furnace so I keep my
mouth closed
oh yeah is gonna button my lip so the
truth don't slip got a beep out what I
really wanna shout whoops
do the fade-out love to find out I wanna
have your babies get serious like crazy
I wanna have your babies seen springing
up like daisies is machine and I'm
betting you're the one in my hopes and
dreams
trust me a bit scare you if you knew
what was going on in my brain trust me
it would tell you that I picked on the
church or the schools of the names if
you knew it was all about you every wish
every cannon every coin and fountain
trust me it would scare you that's why I
go button my lips of a truth don't slip
mmm beep out whatever you wanna shout to
say it out loud you to find out I wanna
have your babies get serious like crazy
I wanna go baby see this bringing up
like Daisy get button my lips don't fit
this is whoa
if you liked it give me a thumbs up to
let me know if you want this to be more
than one episode series and if you want
to do a bathtub busking thing that would
be cool let me know if you do stay
grubby slow down
