hi guys you might recognize Harry who
wrote Harry's last stand we've just made
a video last week about it so you can
click here to watch that he also had his
own video where he talks about his kind
of manifesto behind the book which you
can click here to watch lots of clicking
going on so Harry um your article you
wrote for The Guardian got shared 60,000
times on facebook and I hear that you've
just recently written another one that
got shared seventy thousand times and
counting at the moment you've got 3,000
Twitter followers I think it is an awful
lot it's a lot and what do you think of
social media then it's treated you well
it's actually fantastic yeah i just wish
that there would be a rather different
it would bring up more important
subjects but it's got a massive amount
of power hasn't it also Ephesians in
fact I would not have completed this
book with or without the computer it's
best invention there was you know yeah
who were your favorite do you follow
people on Twitter you follow the
Guardian oh yes yes sir all right Bella
Mac is a sweetheart hurt you yeah you
enjoy following people too oh yes and
they they always reply and we keep in
contact constantly you know mmm you get
to know people around Twitter they
reveal a lot oh yes actually do it have
you been watching watching my daughter
that I don't look too much no you don't
you don't tweet about what you have for
breakfast oh we don't do you think um
young people are too addicted to social
media what do you think is useful for
them it's useful for them but i think
they carried to extremes I just gotta
get used to
all these people on the street you know
on the phone get run over yeah just
walking us though they're in the
countryside some guess it's a a
necessary thing after all when I was a
boy there wasn't any such thing as a
telephone never mind a computer that
yeah yeah did you walk around the
streets writing letters well well well
crossing the road better right he was
the only thing you had yeah and you say
that's how you got so good at writing as
well because you had to write in
longhand yeah yeah yeah certainly pages
just home you know had to make it
griffing and fortunately everyone was
ever the same mind at the time because
you always got a reply in the same
quantity yes you would put them away and
you pull them out from time to time a
reread yeah it's nice innit yeah how do
you how do you find now just fitting
what you want to say in 140 characters
well obviously you had a bit more to say
so you can't fit this in a tweak I mean
oh no it's been amazing amazing journey
has been the biggest surprise of my life
and a happy surprise yeah the reception
I've had has been so gratifying yeah I
could almost cry yeah because now I can
see there's a chance that we might save
the world don't say might think
definitely but it will be Britain that's
such a doll yeah as they usually do ya
got a lot of gumption have we got a lot
of gumption in our past well thank you
for talking to us about your book Harry
it's very really big honor and it's been
lovely having you here and under I was
really lovely meeting all you lovely go
yeah lovely girls hope we have mentoring
you're out too much running on
no no it's been a spec see as I've
enjoyed you know natural you know you
matter how old you get your parents have
a lively young person lifts your spirits
definitely definitely i hope you lift
our spirits to say I think it's worked
quite well I've in spirit exchange but
yeah thank you for coming up my has been
my pleasure thank you never do you
remember the first time you voted yeah
oh yeah probably Oh Robin Thicke's
doomed attempt my name is PR person one
than anything else owes a lot people in
every one that was being recorded
