no one comes out fairest of them all
nowadays we're all sluts or Smuts or
stuck-up snobs big fat blobs remote
control hub too bashful to be bossy and
too bossy to be bashful enough to admit
that you just called the boys driven
sometimes you have to wonder if the
looking-glasses
even been looking if the pain through
which we measure pain has even been
listening have you not been paying
attention world I got my v agency grades
at GCSE and I eat my five a day for a
day three and a half a day at arista
care and share and I at least wash what
I wear and at least at most I mean I
don't think there should be a point past
that do you
and still wear Mary or Magdalene Daphne
or Celeste Maggie or Diana Princess or
witch smiley or Hannah whore or
honourable powerful and evil or delicate
and good there's never any other options
the ones you've given us are boring for
boring read damaging grotesque absolute
sabotage excuse me world but where are
the variables at least Cain and Abel
both came out wrong no one loves dick
more than dogbert more than Ernie Laurel
and Hardy are in equal parts both
endearing and awesome and they get to
share both when you tell me you knew
that I was a bad girl what do you mean
Harry what do you mean
uh sure what do you mean Rianna when it
comes to gender equality I'm afraid that
whips and chains don't in the least
excite me and if you asked me to do it
like it hurt
one more time you must think I'm hashtag
thick do you really think that boobs
unuse if someone tries to cop a feel I
feel like I would call a cop it's not
alright to name-drop
that's very sweet and your hotel room
sounds lavish but I think I'll have a
room of my own yes I agree babies are
nice fair girl and curdled and I wonder
why you ask are you adopting one of
those and fostered and opted for and
spoken for millions oh you're you're not
you're asking me if I will pop one out
soon I am 22 and the average girl knows
a man about five years before settling
and then I want to travel and see the
world that I won't know enough about
before I start relaxing my children on
and
career I should have start before
abandoning its evil laws for the sake of
the children oh yes I'll get right onto
it and when I do you'll ask me how do I
do it all your husband must be so great
and he is thanks but but no more than
any of us for rearing our own flesh and
blood and what have you never played
with mud dragging up kids isn't the drag
it used to be I heard at the watercooler
it's quite fun once you remove the yummy
mummy label and just get on with the act
of acting like a normal bloody human
being doing what they've chosen to do
while I'm busy rearing those kids and
juggling that life with all those arms
you think they'd mind if I kept my hair
growing where it already does you see
even the feminists leaflets have got it
wrong on that one I don't choose to grow
it at all you see it just does I know I
am I am I&E but I'm no wizard the wand
and I just can't choose to grow hair
anywhere it just does you see an
intervening would be the only act of
action in that sentence which sometimes
I do but not for you so if you'll excuse
me I'm quite busy writing the next
Doctor Who so you'll excuse me for a
minute if I don't pretend to be a
hairless cherub because you see I'm just
getting to the good bit
oh and another thing if I start calling
myself MERS it's not because I'm
divorced widowed vag died divorced
deflowered survived it's not even
because I'm a lesbian although if I was
what of it if I start calling myself
mothers it's because I find it weird
that you get to know straight away like
it's my favorite cereal or the name of
my first pet as if every interaction I
have with you or probably pivot on the
axis of my being single or taken what
bah sorry I could hear you over a huge
freezer monobrow I wish that it was a
ridiculous for me to write to my
university and ask for a mistress
instead of a masters then it wouldn't
have been weird at school when I asked
to wear trousers instead of a skirt I
wish I thought to question the sex ed
that taught me how to take the
morning-after pill how to say no how not
to be easy how to dress appropriately
and how to not walk home at night on
your own but didn't ask the boys what
they thought about the treatment of
women I wish I hadn't had to watch my
friends starve as I stuffed trying to
forget what was affecting them by
letting it affect me
as if I was trying to eat their pain I
wish I'd spoken up sooner about this
written swift a recorded earlier edited
rendered and uploaded in time for the
person who just logged off to go and
throw up and will never see this video
so that I would be able to tell her stop
stop you don't have to you don't have to
and somebody all of you just as you are
and it's BS that is an iconic moment in
cinematic history because guess what I
want you to throw the towel to anyone
who doesn't love you like Mark Darcy he
is not a hero for being the only one to
understand and appreciate Elizabeth he
is normal and you don't have to be the
beauty to anybody else's beast what I
wish for most is if I ever do have a
daughter she'll never have to wish for
any of the above
what I'm saying magic mirror is that
you're very small and you only show one
girl at a time but I know there are
great many of us and we will not take
your bullshit anymore what you don't
show me or all the interesting bitches
behind me the ones I could talk to
confide in do the locomotion drink vodka
and forget our worries with but instead
I'm still standing here talking to you
telling you I won't be looking in you
again unless you promise to show me the
good time I could be having where I not
wondering who the fuck could be fairer
Mira I think I could teach you a thing
about fair
