so here's the thing I've been thinking
about and when I say thinking I mean
over thinking I always assumed that when
I say thinking I in fact mean
overthinking the word feminism a folk
about this before but when is that as a
stop movie so when I was about sixteen
seventeen eighteen that really gobby age
that I have not stopped going through
and people start to assign the word
feminist to me it wasn't a very cool
word at the time and to be honest a lot
of the time I don't really know what it
meant
I remember around the age of seventeen
being like oh that's hurt that's Lena
she's just a feminist don't listen to
her the epilogue to that statement was
usually don't listen to her by the way
so no one had negative connotations with
it was just kind of like oh okay yeah
I'm probably that what does it even mean
and then around I don't know when I kind
of was just kind of like can we not use
the word feminist for me I don't like it
I don't like the fact that people think
I'm angry because I think that people
are misunderstanding what I'm saying
when I company it with I am a feminist I
kind of just felt like it was it was a
word yet again another word to do with
gender that was assigned to me that I
didn't ask for for a long time I felt
SMS world leave me alone and I didn't
use the word feminist and I kind of got
into bit debates with people about while
I displayed all the tropes of being a
feminist and being like this is what we
need this is not fair which basically is
just yes Serban ism to me it's just like
this isn't fair when it's fair oh but
until then I'll probably speak I felt a
massive disconnection with the word a
lot of people were like could you read
how to be a woman by cutting around
please can you just read it not
literally for about a year I was like
yeah guys on the reading is don't even
worry about it
then I started watching a lot of TED
talks about feminism and I did read how
to be a woman and I was kind of like
okay you know actually I'm putting a lot
of effort into this gender equality
thing let's just use the word feminist
okay is it is a word it's not the
biggest part of what I believe but but
let's take it on I do see what it's
unfair that I don't feel like I can use
it and um let's fight the power with
that and I was like I am a feminist and
which I kind of still AM but dot all the
three dots of jewell truth I am the
feminist and I am NOT I refused to be a
feminist wait so just listen
to be feel the negative vibe cheese
tranquility or I will tranquilize you
here are my brief probably misguided
totally open to changing views about the
word feminist right now okay so I really
like structuralism at University I
thought was really cool I wrote loads of
essays on it I'm not going to say I
understand it completely but these
things called signs and signifiers in
semiotic and they're really freaking
important if you're going to understand
anything about not knowing anything I
would like to communicate to you that I
am sad I adjust my facial expression
like this that is a sign it's not
actually being sad that's just a sign
that I'm using to show you that I'm sad
to do the face again signify is that
space in between the sign and the
signified where I trust the person to
interpret as the signified I am sad it
seems simple but it operates under the
understanding that this person I'm
trying to tell that I'm sad one has an
understanding of what sad is understands
the word sad in connection with this
face I'll stop doing the face now and
has the same cultural background enough
to understand that that is what I am
trying to say to them so so this is
something you can't see this face one
more time isn't in itself sad but what
is in me is sad and that is the way that
I'm showing it's people on my face that
is the sign for what is being signified
how does this relate to feminism you ask
well you ever been listening support is
I don't like using the word feminist and
with people who I'm trying to
communicate with who don't quite yet
understand the word feminism in the same
way that I do so when I feel like I say
the word feminism to people and people
don't really understand what I
understand of feminism it's a pointless
exchange because they don't have the
same signs in their mind as I do and
while I should be able to call myself
exactly what I want what is more
important to me is communicating with
that person and getting them to
understand gender equality and how
important is the word feminist has the
potential to become the Golden Calf and
become way more important than what's
actually here which is Venice damn it
bender this is why Allah from being a
sibling it's really important more
troubling to me is the ist at the end of
feminists to be a feminist cool and
actually very empowering and
the time we use the word feminist around
people who are also feminists which by
the way is really great but not the end
goal feminism should always be
evangelical shouldn't we just hang
around with feminists what the other
problem is with all this is that I don't
want feminism to be a thing I want it to
be a thing because of the situation
we're in don't like the end goal isn't
to keep feminism alive
I want feminism to not need to exist I
want feminism to work itself out of a
job I don't want to be talking about
this in ten years
in fact sometimes really fucking hate
talking about it but I have to because
I'm angry this is the problem with being
strident and while I love that people
recognize me for talking about gender
and talking about feminism a lot I
really hate that some people think that
it's like all I think about it all I do
mainly because of the anxiety of when we
solve this who will I be I think that's
a huge issue and why some feminists can
come across in completely the wrong way
and kind of be acting completely the
wrong way because of this this identity
with the word feminism when really what
we're really struggling with is having
an identity as a woman and knowing that
we can take on identity as a woman and
not have that compromised any of our
civil or human rights using the word
feminist as a kind of eternal trope of
myself it's kind of pessimistic in my
eyes I don't always want to have to be
this way or talk about these things
because I want to solve them in the rest
of the patriarchy where everybody is
living happily hahaha in a lot of other
areas of discussion we don't ask
somebody who believes something to take
it on as their identity you know you're
a viewer labour voter you're not
elaborate issed
it's got an action in it I just really
like lee-evans it's not enough it's not
part of gnarly Evans er you can be
against breast cancer but you're not
breast Kantian and I do see echoes of
this feminist activity in other areas
for instance while during my preteen and
teen years people were fans of Boyzone
now people can't just be fans of one
direction they have to be Directioners
what I want to say to people is that I
am really behind feminism really really
behind feminism and that should be
enough you know and I think also when we
personalize the word feminist it does
kind of make us in competition we start
having arguments about who's more of a
feminist who's a right feminist who's
astride effeminate who's a soft feminist
who
even a feminist white you were feminist
I'm a bonus puppet show no energy for
that I think if we talk about feminism
rather than feminists then we can kind
of shape together what it is a bit
better and push it forward a little less
personal about it a little more together
feminism is this idea that all
contributing towards and together making
what it is and sometimes it's the
evidence of people taking on as an
identity turning kind of tribal of being
like us and them and especially if you
know you're asking men to be feminists
it's hard for men to identify with the
words that has Fe M at the beginning
which you know could be right or wrong
but I can see I can see the hurdles you
also don't want like a kind of ownership
issue and like in the same way with post
colonialism where men start to be
worried to call themself feminists
because they feel like it's enriching on
our space or kind of trying to own our
oppression and that's not what it is at
all and if I meet a guy who says he's a
feminist I'll probably try it's not its
face off but after that I'd probably
shake his hand and be like well done but
can't you also see the problems with
that I feel like if I was a guy
struggling with it I think I far rather
say I'm behind feminism than I am a
feminist when I first took a queer
theory course in second year of
University and one of the first things
our lecturer home into us is that she
was like I don't want to be teaching
this class in five years this class
shouldn't exist but it does and I think
it's amazing that it does because
everything that's happening but I don't
want to be teaching this soon five years
ago they used to be a women's writing
class we don't do that anymore and
that's good imagine if there was
somebody who was really attached to
teaching that course women's writing and
kind of just kept teaching it because it
was what what they liked talking about
what they knew not reminding themselves
of the oppression behind that statement
of saying things or women's writing and
then it's everybody else and so I think
end goals are important here the
question I am a feminist is really quite
transient it depends on who's asking in
any any way you go the same way that you
learn language when you go abroad you
kind of want to use words in the context
that people understand them and try if
the end goal is to communicate you just
want to know what people think the words
are and then use those words
appropriately towards them to try and
communicate what you're trying to say
and that's really the end goal I could
potentially be completely wrong actually
my whole end goal is to be right so if
you think I'm wrong could you tell me
because then
I can work out whether that's true or
not and try and be more right than I am
I have had comments on my other videos
where people like I I like what you're
saying but I'm not a feminist because
feminists do these things and again I
think that is the patriarchy winning
because it's kind of like this is what
feminists do these are feminists and
again we're lumped in one category and
it's like the point of feminism is there
aren't any categories the word woman is
an arbitrary concept I can be freaking
everything and also have a vagina
frameworks of understanding where you
say this is what feminists are and this
is what they're not it's not any
self-destructive it's kind of contrary
doesn't quite work because the point of
feminism is recognize gender behaviors
shouldn't actually affect how you as a
person will live your life I'm not gonna
lie I've been suffering a lot of period
pain while recording this video so I
know you know I'm saying right now you
know he's not a feminist my ovaries cuz
they don't show up for five minutes
words fine quieten the dull third of
oppression in the world thanks for
watching I really look forward to your
comments and I will see you in my next
round I mean video this is what it has
become
