Hey so for those who haven't guessed yet
I've just been through a breakup uh
that's all I say uh-oh
nervous laughter we've been together
about six years and we were engaged and
it was kind of a big thing and I was
trying to process it and what did I do
I turn to books there is still kind of
like binary about breakups in culture
where it's like getting bad always like
an evil person and a good person in a
breakup and like this loads of all these
kind of like really tangible factors
like cheating over I was really like
devastatingly thirsty for books that
dealt with what I was feeling complexity
I think I found some and I wanted to
share with you so you can also read them
for a while I didn't read because I
wanted to like sort out my own story and
like work out what was happening in my
narratives and then I was like this is
stupid I need to read but I I didn't
know what to pick up because I was like
I just need something chatty and silly
this came to mind this is Bridget Jones
diary I read this when I was about 14
and now I'm reading it and being like
who let me read it it was like a very
interesting reread but I do freaking
love it and knowing you love it but you
know it doesn't have like technical
literary merit but in some ways it
totally does use don't how to explain
that to people pretty much ever you see
the film so you know we all know what
happens but it was just something better
to kind of live in it if it and live it
live alongside her story with my life
and kind of just like flick through it
was just so funny and so reassuring
she's just so lost most the time and
that's what's so funny and also very
reassuring she's a massive motor in the
same way that you kind of hate Hannah's
character in girls it's like that you
like she is so spoiled but then you love
her because she is kind of you there's a
lot of it appropriateness there's just
some Stella passages you just have to
like giggle out on the person sometimes
when you go for your breakup what you
need to do is just be able to snores you
just need to be like this big good one
being woman is worse than being a farmer
there are so much harvesting of cropping
and spraying to be done likes to be
waxed underarms to be shaved eyebrows
cut bah bah bah bah performance is so
highly tuned you only need to neglect it
for a few days for the whole thing to go
to seed I work in publishing this one is
particularly relevant to my life to
avoid liking and publishing is the
reading in your spare time is a bit like
being a dustman and snuffing through the
pig bin in the evening
then has to be the best quote of the
whole thing Sharon is having this big
spiel about men at the trouble with
Richard is Oh Bridget says by this time
Jude and I were going shh-shh out the
corner of our miles and sinking down in
our coats after all there is nothing so
in a tractor to a man as a strident
feminist this saved me isn't the book
with the biggest literary merit but it
has a lot of heart and if it doesn't
speak to the demise of the nuclear
family or singleness in our age I don't
know whatever will okay now you know I
like that next one this one I've already
reviewed so I'm just going to link the
review below but this is why we broke up
my Daniel handler I already read it
I wanted to reread it the first time I
read it it does kind of evoke some
feelings of what it was like to be in
love as a teenager and being factor
eating people and that really helped me
process stuff beginning starts with this
box and filled with things that remind
her of the relationship and then each
chapter is going through different
objects and stuff that she has in the
box and what happened with each of them
and it's just it's just it's just a
healer man as a healer
especially for a while now it has some
really lyrical well devised prose and
I'm just really impressed
I bought this two days after the breakup
because I actually just knew I needed it
I had a copy in my parents house and I
didn't have it with me and I was like
this it's urgent it's the first thing I
turned to it's the first thing I always
turn to it's all my favorite books of
all time it's the awakening by Kate
Chopin one of the first kind of
recognized feminist novellas and if you
look into the history of it and how it
was rejected in society at first it's
super sad and you know her life is also
super sad it's a black great polemic
from stepping away from structures and
situations you don't want to be in and
and just a great feminist X is one of
the most beautiful and readable
approachable accessible
nineteenth-century writing that I've
ever come across while the first two
chapters are a little bit dense with
detail after that it kind of drives
itself and you don't feel like you're
reading it you feel like it's telling
you it's about a woman who lives in New
Orleans as part of the krail society and
has been married into it and her other
nurse it's a lot of allusions to water
and fluidity and what's beautiful about
it she doesn't just leave or she doesn't
get kicked out see it from the outside
and you don't really see inside ahead
it's all descriptive but you do see her
gradual process of why am I doing this
what is this what would I rather be
doing something else
probably some really controversial
topics come over today and what like she
questions whether she really loves her
children she never really hates her
husband she doesn't run into other
people's arms to escape that in the end
there are Affairs that happen but
they're never the center of the
narratives the narrative is very much
her at the center the famous passage
that everybody always talks about is
them I would give up the unessential I
would give up my money I would give my
life for my children but I wouldn't give
myself I can't make it more clear it's
only something I'm beginning to
comprehend which is revealing itself to
me and it was really powerful this book
for me is the idea that you can give
your life for something but you can't
give yourself and there are different
sacrifices it's just it's just a
guidebook for life
this is your life homework guys need it
this is the art of sleeping alone by
Sophie fontanel
it's a translated text in French and we
all know how much our like oh I've
actually even got yeah I've got this the
last text I read translated from French
and it was oh I need to do that more
crazy good translation you get exactly
the meaning but also the spirit of
French and you don't feel like it has
been compromised it's a very unassuming
and beautiful translation it's a memoir
by Russian jealous but when she's 27
decides that she is not going to sleep
with anybody she's gonna give up sex for
a while and it's kind of her journey
with that if I was going to be critical
to at all I said that the decisions were
very heavily rooted in very abusive
sexual experiences before and that's not
really completely addressed in light of
her decision it's devastatingly
beautiful it's it's sadder than I
thought it was gonna be I thought it's
going to be all like and it wasn't it
was it was really sad 350 pages I kind
of whisked her it I read in a day but it
felt like I was whizzing I feel like I
was floating also a beautiful cover so
in love and finally something I think
it's gonna become an old favorite its
recipes for sad women by Hector Arab
it's a really small book and I love
Pushkin press who published this because
they published the most beautiful and
adorable editions of things in this
translation from Spanish and I've never
read anything translates in Spanish
before and this was also beautiful in a
different kind of rhythmic way it's up
like a cookbook it's not here the profit
which I suggested you or anything like
that is is very much the profit with
more humor and definitely about sad
women it's a great meandering essay that
the humor is kind of niche like if you
don't find the first few pages funny
like you're done but I think it's really
tongue-in-cheek hilarious even though
it's very sad it includes suggestions
like boiling your own tears into
and cooking dinosaur meat while
reflecting on life it's a very strange
advice and you can never you know you
meet somebody who's a little bit elderly
and that you can't tell whether they're
just old or they have like a really
ridiculous dry sense of humor and they
know that you can't tell whether they're
joking and they're enjoying that that's
this but some great actually very deep
passages in it as well
and for instance experience your sadness
touch it pull its petals off soak your
tears in it wrap it up in screams and
silences copy it into notebooks jot it
down on your body noted in the pores of
your skin but only if you don't defend
yourself will it flee at times somewhere
else that is not the center of your
private pain there's a lot of in this
book about giving us our permission to
be sad which i think is really important
I love this book I will take it wherever
I go in life so I hope you enjoyed that
if you're going for a breakup my heart
goes out to you hug everybody
dur about me I'm all right my life is
beta right now but I'm loving it and if
you have any kind of breakup books
recommendations pop them below I'd love
to see some and I will see you in my
next video bye
