I'm gonna do it how they do it the thing
with like black of the text okay cool
and then ironically you're gonna edit
that thing that you just said with the
black in the text so it seems like oh
okay cool first question first question
what do you think I'm learning from you
great I think that I'm a lot less than
you are and you're like life is
happening time is transpiring let's do
all the things today whereas I think I'm
a bit more like we can be chill about
this kind of stuff so I think that I
like to think things out strategically a
bit more would you say like I like to
maybe think about things before doing
them and that has perhaps brought you
down a notch so you're learning to be a
bit more like we can do I think so do
you think you say that that's fair yeah
I think you've taught me to slow down
mmm-hmm but not drop any of the things
and I think you tell me to be like you
can't do that you're just like you can
do that next year like yeah and I think
you're learning how to do things even if
you're not sure how and just do them
anyway because I think it was like you
have to at least have ten points in your
pocket before you start like doing that
and I'm like oh I just want to do a
thing I'll collect the points on the way
if it was like a Mario game awesome
shared oh no no play computer games I
feel like yeah you want to collect all
the coins when I'm like and it's gonna I
have mad self-doubt and I always feel
like I can't become a freelancer I've
only just got my degree and I'm like
just go and ask somebody to pay you and
they probably we're I remember like you
showing me other projects that you've
done and things I was like how did you
sell yourself in your lap I just said I
could do it
why are you in this well are we
what's his life why am I in this
relationship well I'm hoping to gain
some subscribers pretty good with some
steady growing how do i word this the
first time me and you met up like just
you and me
I definitely there was definitely like
this vibe that I feel like I could be
totally authentic with you and I feel
like I feel like it's not like you lie
to other people but there it's so
difficult to explain but there are
things that you don't share or there are
things that you keep back from yourself
and whilst you like whilst I'm a person
that likes to share a lot of myself I
feel like for some reason there's some
like sort of all there most people and I
just feel like just you know you can
fully be yourself and be like fully
relaxed with people and I felt like I
could be like that with you and that's
you know like I feel like you're like
the only person I've really been able to
be like that with and it's like well
that's a good sign
maybe we should pursue this further but
you said about sharing with yourself you
can like I feel like it's not like I'm
lying to other people but I literally
don't know the stuff that I know about
myself until I talk to you about it and
I'm like oh that's that's that's the
true thing why are you in this
relationship Luna was a good enough
answer for me I am in this relationship
because I prefer myself when I'm around
you and that's the solutions and I think
that I found out the kind of life I want
to live but I don't want to deal on my
own and you have a similar outlook on
life and I feel like will you make each
other better that's what I wanted to say
I don't know I feel like um something
that we spoke about when we first
started seeing each other was about how
everyone like when you when you get to
relate a relationship I think people
like not panic but everyone's it's like
it's like I want all of you and wants
all the things and they're like oh yeah
we're gonna live this kind of life we're
gonna get married we're gonna have kids
we're both yeah and which is sort of
ironically kind of come full circle and
now we're like no electric we still
don't want those things but at the same
time it's like like you'll be there
right 50 you'll be there yeah I think
what we bond on is that we don't really
know we don't really even have a
precondition and lightwei we want our
lives to be but I think we have similar
outlooks on life and we know we don't
like working out our friends but we're
doing it together
Oh sounds like a labor very good do you
vote labor though what pain in me would
you heal if you could um I think that
sometimes you're uncomfortable in
yourself and you don't trust yourself so
I don't think that's I think that's a
source of pain I don't think that's a
pain in itself but it's like it causes
you a lot of like short-term and
long-term anguish because you don't mm
trust your own yeah but but but you know
what's what's funny about that is that
like it sounds like really super cheesy
but I'm like at the same time I feel
like that has improved massively since
we've been together like you know yeah
but no Mann heisst
I used to be like really I used to
freeze fucking hanging myself and I feel
like I've come so far with that and I'm
like I'm a bit more like oh I hate your
point of view and I raise you so yeah
for sure I'm like I think I've totally
come to terms with a lot of the mental
health shit is not me doing it to myself
and that's sort of a big thing but I
think like being with you and you
wanting to understand and listen and be
patient with me
and be like I don't know just sort of
somebody that doesn't see it as a floor
and me I guess that's really like helped
with what I think of myself and I
definitely like myself a lot more since
I've been with you well leader likes me
so must be alright okay I think I've
been really conscious to not try and fix
you like hearing your problems but not
trying to like find it immediate
solutions for them is a big struggle the
fixing Goblin and I think I've done that
in the relationships from like a problem
I will fix it then I will be the heroine
and like trying not to be the heroine of
your problems and just being like
hearing them it's been absolutely and
like in previous relationships for me
it's been exactly the same and you're
like oh these things are deep-rooted I
can't be fixed with love I said what
painting you would I hear live I could
what's I think with me like it's the
work pain because I'm like I feel like
there are things that like body through
our life but I don't shave what shaves
would you hear I think you get quite
frustrated quite quickly different
things that you can't do like you don't
you don't you just think I want to get
to this thing would you say that and I
think that bothers I beat myself up
about that so much why am i whine I hear
Waianae yeah but I don't know you know
the thing thing about that is that
you're so successful already but I think
it's well but but it's that it's that
thing isn't it that kind of like
whatever level you're at you always want
to be somewhere further yeah I think I'm
probably a bit dissatisfied yeah I'm not
grateful but also like but more but yeah
that's try harder let's do
anymore that's good no I think that your
your rocket life in most places so it's
tricky to annsofi
my chafing life I can bring my or
topography Lena a life of Chaffee chafe
your dreams next um what do you at mind
most about me um I admire most about you
that you are this fucking absolute
juggernaut rocket that doesn't give a
fuck about what people are telling you
you can or can't do you're like I'm
gonna do this thing because I want to
and they like make of them right but we
can't Lizzie yeah and whereas I like
struggle wouldn't when someone says you
can't do that or you're not that or you
know I remember when I was in second
year of uni somebody was you don't have
OCD my friend has OCD and he has to do
this oh maybe I don't have OCD they're
like you know whereas I take things on
board you're you and me like fuck you I
think there is downsides to that I think
like something that's good about you is
you're probably more willing to change
your mind
yeah like see more nuance whereas I'm
very single minded they're like this is
how it is this is wrong mmm-hmm I don't
think what you have is bad yeah and
you're very like you're very like honest
and good and pure human and I'm not just
saying that for the cameras like you are
I genuinely like it's it's one of those
things that obviously I knew you before
we've met in real life and you came
across that way but you like genuinely
are and you genuinely care about people
and care about the world and are a kind
human and it is such a you know like a
rare thing to be like so
unapologetically nice you know with you
know I think one of my biggest fears is
people coming up to me and being like
you're not how you are on screen but
your honor that's like my kid like
that's something that I'm like oh like
yeah but everyone has like a affair
that'sthat's my fairies like people are
like yeah
you know how you are any jeev yeah but
yeah like when the cameras are well no
you're you're a lot more like
enthusiastic and stuff and the way that
you perhaps present your ideas is
different but then that's kind of the
same with anybody that has a camera on
them you know but in terms of like your
ideals and what you stand for it's all
the same get out of that one don't you
bastards I what I really like about you
and what makes you any easy to be with
um is that I think good that you're and
it's more unusual than I think you
realize but you're yourself before you
are your gender and that is a huge thing
and I didn't realize that was happening
with other boys men until I met you
because I I was like why is Craig
different I'm like oh yeah because he
doesn't consider his gender in
everything he says and does he just is
himself as a spirit and then you like
you are a boy but like it's like a
second bike is bad consider on the lips
ooh this is great also he has a penis
soon yeah and I feel like there's like
stuff I've suggested that we do was
places we suggest will go like and you
don't I think that there is a
subconscious thing in a lot of men
there's like that's not my only thing to
do I'm not gonna do that and you're like
oh that's amazing let's do it or like
you know and I also think that you don't
consider gender and other people so you
have a lot of you have way more female
friends than and I don't think that's
because you'll get it you're purposely
collecting female friends I think it's
that you're a very open and easy to
connect with person and you just don't
and I think that's why people appreciate
you as well because you and I appreciate
people that will talk about things and
like feelings
anybody want to share all of their
feelings right now to each other into
the night massie Lindsay Whalen a lot of
people but like you just don't let her
want you in the same way I think you
like let it bounce against you and I'm
being
so I think like you know you're like oh
you like I'm very like tell people to
fuck off and let you do that by gender
you're like no what is Jim doing exist
hate like how would you define our
relationship
totally unapologetically open and honest
and why fucking love about us is that so
like when there's a problem we're both
like we both like lay it all out on the
table straight away that okay this is
what I did wrong what do you then get it
wrong you like this what and we want to
work on check by Oh a shippers like
there's just like more trust and I know
it's like a buzzword right trust
everyone's always like relationships
your what about trust if you don't have
trusted have anything I always thought I
knew what that meant
I'm not oh I've really trust Leena like
I feel like I can just barely whole soul
until that every thought and feeling no
matter how weird or disturbing is you're
like okay you know like that's good I
think also like sometimes trust people
say oh like relationships that all about
trust and what they mean is
relationships all about following
specific rules that I've secretly set
out in my head and if you break one of
them you broken my trust
like you know I mean and I'm just like
oh I trust you not to cheat is like all
of these secret relationship rules that
are like completely invisible
and there's like a fair that you're like
cross that line you've broken my dress
or it's not like a trust that you can
break it's not like I trust you that
when I say I think I'm wrong can you
tell me if I am you're genuinely doing
like I trust I trust you with my
ambiguity your manual focus so but weird
this guy basically the other jaw will be
enough so that we have some very clever
just checking what's funny is that she's
like this off-camera - she's not doing
it for the camera you needy mother
fucker
I totally ruined your brand oh sorry I
didn't mean to but now I'm like in the
kitchen and she'll just be holding my
hand of it I'm trying to take you
disgust me what do you think I'm missing
out on by being with you you passed
misery I've swipe to the end of Tim the
grave it's fun I don't think I'm missing
out men used to swipe well I've never
used tinder but like what's the what's
the yes action just what yes to everyone
to see what weird shit right did you
just wipe right to everybody to just see
who else but someone to you what is our
biggest challenge as a couple oh man um
again I think we're so good I don't know
cuz like I thought a challenge would be
living together like I everyone was sure
you how to do them I thought that it
would be a challenge because I am so
tidy and so about things and you know
and like the way in which we sort of
like how do i how do I put it I feel
like I walk around carefully in the flat
in my life
yeah but I think we both totally like
compromised and adapt it and I'm like
I'll allow it of mess and you're like oh
tidy a bit of mess and we both tried to
like adapt to each other's temperament
so that we don't waltz around each other
skillfully and I know to not play music
when you're focused or like hungry I
think that I like there's there'll be
external challenges those external
challenges on the horizon
but like I feel like as we move through
as we got older people don't expect us
to go through certain stages and
gateways that we don't really going
through like marriage and kids and every
things that we how siding and stuff like
how mm-hmm like I don't think that'll be
a challenge because we both know what we
want unless one of us changes our minds
you know I think people make so many
permanent decisions at this age that and
like making a permanent decision to not
do something isn't as valid as making
you wanted to do something and that's
really confusing to me and people like
doing kids and I'm like genuinely no
they're like happy you might change your
mind but if somebody's like I'm engaged
they're just like amazing you'll never
change your mind you know so mm I think
so I think like um it's it's navigating
like society's expectations of what our
lives would be like hmm yeah I totally
agree
what is one surprising thing about our
relationship I've told you this before
but I remember being in university a my
2014 and watching your videos about a
bit like when you just become single and
I was like I reckon I I genuinely
remember being like I reckon if me and
her Mac I'd be like well you know that's
never fucking happened so I think that
that's mad like I remember when like we
first met I was like this is bad like
that
it's like oh now we're together now
we're really in love now we're living
together and I'm like what happened so I
mean I guess that's surprising but
that's not that's just I think that I
always think about that I'm like yeah
you know but I don't know I was never a
creepy found boy like it was about that
I just had a thought
nice videos nice video I think a
surprising thing about us is like how
little I expected from relationships
fucking love like I like oh like thank
you for like doing our washing up like
thank you for washing your clothes like
just really weird stuff you're like why
thanking me for these basic and I'm like
I don't know I just feel like likes of
couldn't see in my head like that's what
I'm supposed to do because I'm the girl
and then if you do it you're like a hero
and you're you're the one who reminds me
to be like hey Lina famous internet
feminist thank you for watching your
dish oh so it's just like indicative of
like how shitty a lot of blokes are you
know like and how that's just the
expectation like well you know it guys
don't do that you know and that's what
you've been conditioned to think you
know whereas I don't know it's even like
when you act when you're ill you just
like act like you don't act up to your
illness and used to like go to work or
like don't expect me to look after you
they were like really unusual things
what's funny is that I've never heard
nobody said this stuff to me yeah or
your new stuff and then you don't tell
me that you've cleaned it and boast
about it yeah but I get like it's just
guys aways yeah I mean I really you have
anything to add about that's all a
surprise like what I don't know what's
happening but it feels really good tasty
very girly no boast about the
relationship
how are you already sure it's not as
good as ours
what's the most ridiculous thing I've
done most ridiculous thing that I've
done I frequently walk into you doing
like shoulder stand
that's not read you don't be on the
ceiling you're trying to get far
I'll tell you what else I did cleaned up
a Fox corpse a fox died outside our
bedroom window try to persuade everyone
to move it all right be saying well like
it's dead we can't silver no Mike if you
put it in a bin bag out the front we
move a fox from the back garden front
darling
this is pretty ridiculous thing so you
remember yeah we were in Brighton doing
the dating like what two three weeks
you're like so there's this this is
thing I read online it's not the series
of questions and if two people answer
these questions together okay he'll
never guess and then like we didn't even
get to the end of the questions remember
driving home we drove home and then like
we got out of car had something to eat
and we're in bed whoa you're like what
only unquestioningly may need to calm
down
you're like oh can you eat we have to
work but like can we stop off for lunch
so what I get some creep
like okay like just like you don't want
to be seen in the same jumper twice I
confess like okay so promise question
we've established that I'm the most
ridiculous one in this relationship I
need to step your fucking game up
astonishing I'm the normal relationship
that's what I thought would never have
who sacrifices more in our relationship
and how do you feel about that I think
you're more patient with me that I am
with you I don't think that you're
impatient with me
no you're very patient like when I have
to fucking check the taps 27 times
before we leave you're very patient with
that you just sit there and you'll be
like it's okay but it's not okay we were
supposed to be there 15 minutes ago you
but you check the taps they could have
turned on in the five seconds those away
you're very patient with me yeah I agree
it's very difficult because I feel like
one of these questions are just like us
being like well we don't relate to that
one because I think it's also just good
to recognize this like it's not just
that we're in love is that this
relationship is like really suits us you
know is that there's some significance
to you tearing that last question up
yeah I don't want to seem like this
couple that are like Oh everything's
fine yeah what's the worst thing about a
relationship quick the worst thing about
our relationship
yeah I think we'd probably get more
stuff done but we'd be sadder if we were
together all the art we made be like
trapped in it a lot of depressing art
there are some really sad poetry seams
but just aren't in the world because
work together and I think the world can
do without those they have enough of
those okay
final thoughts you can make up for
question if you want don't think of
anything why should these people
subscribe to me you bastard
wait I thought I did this for free never
the man speaking of projects you have a
project I do
what's it cool it's a poetry your must
be fucking with you know what I'm just
gonna do okay I'm the YouTube channel
and a photography zine that I've just
released that are both out there in the
world it's really pretty
I wish to say quickly how we met okay if
anybody watched a few years ago I made a
video about my favorite tents were
youtubers and Craig was one of the
achievements cuz I really liked his
videos and we never really spoken in
comments before we never really talked
and then obviously I shouted you out in
the video and then that's how we started
talking weird yes
say and a camera has just turned it so
forth
okay so I'll invoice you yeah
