hey guys as part of auntie street
harassment week and as part of a
week-long marathon of videos on my
channel about it here are 10 things that
street harasses never say hmm can I
touch your PhD let's play game where you
don't tell me your relationship status
and we just get to know each other as
friends oh no no no shh i'm not talking
you tell me more tell me more about us
hey since you be running 82 piece of my
pound can i buy you a latte are you a
gay man i was taking cool is hard to
believe simone de beauvoir theory about
the lost female genius when you're
wearing his glasses no no I don't want
to take you home tonight not not that I
don't think you're but you just look
like you deserve a Room of One's Own I
just really love poetry hey and this
flowers fee oh no no no no don't don't
feel like we need to talk it's just a
kind of human to human presence ticky
think Boris Johnson's blind faith in the
self-correcting urge of markets it's
just complete bull I mean bitch gotta
get mortgage not you bitch you're not a
bit i mean me i'm a bit i mean ha
however he claims that yet
