hi guys day two of anti street
harassment week if you'd like to watch
the playlist of videos you can click
here today we're going to be asking what
is street harassment performing a biol
stay on the track record of humanity it
also has some legal definitions
originally the discrimination act of
1975 in the UK did not include sexual
harassment in 1986 that did change it
states that harassment occurs when one
person makes a wanted sexual advances on
another person based on their sex it
includes violating some of these dignity
creating an intimidating hostile
degrading humiliating or offensive
environment for them stop street
harassment campaign lists things like
catcalling sexually explicit comment
sexist remarks groping leering talking
public masturbation and assault
according to an eighty percent of all
women and members of LGBT communities
experienced this kind of sexual
harassment at some point in their lives
from personal perspective I have never
met a woman who has not experienced
retracements and most of my friends do
we go a week without experiencing it
it's notable we talk about it it's a big
while it's a spectrum all of these
advances are designed to make you feel
inferior it can be damaging to people's
mental health people's opinions of
themselves and people's relationships to
others and while i do think everybody
who does it is probably an asshole there
is also a kind of wider umbrella of
social conditioning and concepts that
contribute to them feeling like this is
okay or this is a compliment not okay
since 93% of my audience our girls
between the ages of 13 to 17 there's a
good chance that if you're watching you
see have experienced this kind of
harassment I do think it should be more
acceptable to speak up I do usually
speak up on these kind of situations
unless I feel that it would endanger my
safety in any way it's nice to have the
moral high ground but not at the price
of your safety I've also found its
really good to immediately talk about if
somebody as soon as it happens get that
humiliation out get that indignant out
to a person that you trust are the ways
we can combat it are reporting it I will
link some websites below that can advise
you on how to do that they will say it
infinitely better than I ever could
catlin Moran in her book how to be a
woman has a great definition of sexism
she says it's very simple is it
happening to men no then it's sexism
there'll be many more videos coming up
this week on this topic so stay tuned
please share this video if you found it
helpful and i'll see you in my next
video frog snog out
