Hey 2014 have a new approach for me it's
not wake up for its number bitchy I
don't care
it's called 100-page rule if I reach
page 100 of a novel and I'm either not
enjoying it no favorite things will get
any better it doesn't get better should
be a new campaign for books or I've just
lost faith in the ability of the author
to explain things to me and I just feel
like I have no connection to this person
and there's no because the whole point
in the book is that you're supposed to
be understanding something the author is
trying to say and if it's just like
literally I guess the brick wall I'm
just out after hundred pages if you
haven't convinced me the good writer or
if you haven't convinced me that you
have something to say or that your
character is going to go anywhere I just
like there's no I have a lot of love
champagne in my house that I could
totally watch solidify expendable time
isn't something that I can generate I
have limited resources of that thing if
I'm not in the mood for a book or I do
think that it could be good and I'm just
I'm just not getting it I'd usually put
to the side and come back to it maybe in
a year's time or something but these are
three books that are very rated that
I've made a conscious decision that I'm
not coming back to you like I'm gonna
give these away so if these are your
favorite books enjoy my subjective view
of them and why not if you're bored
settles up the challenge of trying to
convince me that I should finish them
everyone loves an impossible task so the
first one is James Franco actors
anonymous a novel now the production on
this I think is pretty sweet I just
think it's a beautiful thing I like the
size of it I picked it up and I saw a
few poignant sentences I was browsing an
independent bookshop I was looking for
something to pay full price for just
because I was like I want to support
things I saw the production on this I
thought it was stunning I I do think I
do I'm really big fan of the cover and I
think the way it's produced is beautiful
so much my favor
I was excited by this no no no no no no
oh yeah I forgot James Franco is an
asshole how did I forget that I wanted
him to be the deeper meaning for a
moving person that he professes to be
he's doing PhD so you feel like no I got
200 page 16 of this or super generous
it's written under the groundbreaking
theology that actors have hard lives
because they're living other people's
lives and it screws with them a bit it's
basically a series of
then some stories and anecdotes from
this sliding doors approach in the most
the characters in these kind of short
anecdotes and stories and threats and
confusing different narratives that
weave through a mostly called James
regardless of what situation or
circumstance they're in obviously the
narrator is super super sorry for him
taps of empathy of pouring down on his
very underprivileged head I think it's
just that classic um influence of
modernism where you think you want to
say things to shock people and you also
kind of just have these like well
obviously work for a really long time
with these like one-liners that you
think are really poignant that was it's
like okay James okay this one this one
we think the movies a separate from our
lives but they aren't they're how we see
ourselves and he's just got four words
superheros money fame sex if you're an
actor you get a lot of if you're
an actress you get a lot of dick or dick
and and dick now you know a
lot of people like the Catcher in the
Rye and you could even argue that that's
the angle that he's going for this kind
of shock stream-of-consciousness
but I am NOT a fan of Catcher in the Rye
and I think this is like 10 times more
basic also for some reason later and
they felt the need to print the phrase
the actor in slightly blue text and then
some parts of the text in red and I just
I can't foresee a reason for that James
I can't foresee it I was on page 178 so
granted I didn't get there but and also
there was a super awkward chapter where
like James our friend and anonymous Joe
Bloggs James kind of rape somebody and I
was like so this will make nice
kindlings there is a difference between
writing for the elite and writing for
your friends and while obviously I'm not
the most intelligent person in the world
and you know I've done a master's in
English
I've worked read some quite experimental
plays we've done some James Joyce I've
done a master's in English at the 5th
best university in the
okay and I don't get it James who is
this demographic you're talking to and
there's a point where something stops
being narrow and starts just being
squashed into a corridor of pointless
this is using shadows by see Robert
Cargill showed us a hole a while ago so
I genuinely think it's one of the most
beautiful covers and I've seen it kind
of go up for a few awards for covers
because I I just think the artwork is
stunning and I'm actually going to keep
this book because of that and I'm not to
say too much about this book because to
be honest I got and 106 pages in and I
didn't understand what was going on
while I don't think it was the book they
profess to be in the first 30 pages I
read in the shop um I'm not a fantasy
reader I don't understand that world my
mind doesn't yet have the agility to
pick up stuff to a world built building
things in the way that somebody who
reads a lot of fantasy probably can I
think this was like three steps too far
into the fantasy world so I'm going to
keep this one I don't feel like I'm
going to come back to this one because I
just feel like I jumped in the deep end
of fantasy at the same time I did kind
of lose faith in the writing and one at
the beginning it was very like dark
fairy tale esque it became it became
very blinkered and just just I don't
think the attention to the narrative
carried on in the way they obviously
have at the beginning and then thirdly
Geoffrey Genovese The Marriage Plot
another freaking beautiful production
look at this silver heart I've got
something seduced by covers genuinely
one of the best books I've ever liked I
was full I'm still flawed I've actually
read you all but some reading a moment
and in the back of my mind like wine ice
cream the Virgin Suicides again while
I'm reading that book and so obviously
as soon as I finished that I ordered
this because I was like give me more you
Jenna DS there's not same not the same I
thought I've seen the market of skilled
writers that you can change your style
all the time but I feel like the style
here is actually so different and I just
wasn't I just didn't have any warning of
that and I was like why is this kind of
pseudo reported realism kind of clunky
and based on like linear events that in
no way have an omniscient narrator and
about just college is like
but you're the one was about like life
voyeurism and view
in life and society in sex and piss just
throughout college and then 114 pages it
I was like still just about college and
while I do believe there's something
kind of poignant about privilege
probably coming and I think there was a
line when Madeline is kind of like and
she feels like she's suffering under the
poverty of her own good upbringing it
was just too like if that's the only
thing that's laid on way too thick and
just - it's just - boring - boring I can
and I know you know the beginning I was
highlighting phrases I thought this was
like quite good and that just stopped
happening it puts time to petered out
and I kind of fight in the end I did
read the whole Slipknot sis online and
realized that actually nothing of any
intrigue or interest for me was about to
happen so I gave up which is super a
shame because I love the premise about
read like playing out other people's
narratives and stuff but this is not I
carried it around for days being like
maybe I would carry on and I just I just
can't
I'm sorry I'm sorry Jeffrey I just got
Middlesex no totally doing magazine
variety can write into voices you can
definitely write in three and I'm sure I
just have a feeling the Middlesex will
just be something and now something
completely different I will retain
excitement okay thanks for watching ah
you can get another frog now I will see
you later
