sometimes we do things to our bodies
sometimes it's because you've been given
the illusion that you know your body we
all know our bodies but but sometimes
it's because you've been given the
illusion that you know how your body
work what's visible what's not what is
changeable what is not we think the body
is something easily understandable it's
something that we already have an ideal
shape for it's something you already
have the ideal functions for the mind
what the fuck is that
we have motivations in our minds and if
our bodies don't conform to that fast
enough we throw down the cards and we
say you're not working buddy
you know look how I need you to look
right now you're not working the way I
needed to work right now and to your
mind the body is saying the same you're
not thinking how I want you to think
mind you're not treating me how I want
to be treated and I mind I'm also pissed
off with you and it feels so simple
because how could your body talk to your
mind your body is just this thing it
doesn't it doesn't think for itself it's
not it's not conscious of itself and it
how dare it tell you what to do you are
the guy you're the boss you're the
you're the Empress in charge how dare it
tell you what to do when to go to sleep
what to eat how to think and we can
become our own oppressor so fast the
mind says hey I'm invisible
that means it's people not in the know I
have endless prosper
endless mazes endless complexities body
we've got you down there's a textbook on
you we can splice you down the end fold
you out pin you to abort and poke you
till we have a physical map of
everything you do and everything you are
whereas you you can't do that to me I'm
the mind
I am the elusive mistress who will never
tell you my address
if your mind screwing you over it's hard
to then harm your mind how do you how do
you do that it always seems easier to
leave a mark on your body than to leave
a mark on your mind you think your body
can take it you know you think it's
invincible if I hurt I can fix it not an
issue your mind much more risky much
more risky how do I fix the mind see you
don't know go that you don't go looking
for the problem in your mind you go
looking for the problem in your body
because that's the one sort of screwing
you over is it that's almost always
trying to take over it's your body I've
always struggled with taking up space my
shoulders always say I don't want to
take up any space but then the space is
I want my body to occupy and the amount
of food that I eat to make that happen
shows that I do want to take up space I
do and I want to do it by accident you
know I want to I want to do it so it it
looks like it's like it's self-harm and
it looks like I don't want to be taking
up a space but I kind of have to be
because I've become overweight and
that's not the truth is it I do want to
take up space I don't want to apologise
for it like this but I also don't want
to harm my body by trying to do it by
accident you know I don't want to keep
eating all these foods I don't want and
I don't need I don't want to starve
myself either I just want to be present
and I think that's hard for a lot of
peace because for every reason because
their race
because their gender because of their
looks
they feel like they're not allowed to
take up space you know please try and do
in other ways but we'll take a bit of
you
we'll take a bit of you we'll push you
down to size so that's where that phrase
comes from you push somebody down to
size you reduce the amount of space
they're allowed to take up that's
actually what it means to bring somebody
down to size is to say hey the amount of
space you're occupying not okay you
don't deserve it so while I sit on the
tube crossing my legs
meekly trying not to touch the elbows of
the men on either side I have to think
what am I trying to do here am I trying
to retract or expand and honestly it
changes on the day I thought they ate to
distract my mind but actually I was
trying to silence it you know I was
trying to like put a big sock in its
mouth and be like
don't tell them that you want to be
present don't tell them that you want to
take up space you know I eat food every
day
I need mountains of mass every day into
this mass space into space and then
every night I'd lie awake and dream of
not occupying any space of being dainty
of floating of not touching the ground I
think that's the notion of high heels as
well that the idea of high heels is that
you float you know you don't make too
much contact with the ground your body
is so light or it's so inconsequential
or it's so dainty that it doesn't put an
imprint on the ground you know you
weren't there there's no evidence of it
because you're floating I don't want to
float anymore I want to walk like guys
get to do I want to walk like men get to
do every day and not be stopped by men
on my way to work asking do I have a
boyfriend
telling me I'm pretty making sounds like
this at me as if I were a cat harming my
body isn't the answer anymore and I'm
really glad I know that
I guess just in time you don't have time
to stop every asshole on the street who
shout something we're do you and explain
feminism to them you just you just want
to keep walking you know and get to
occupy that space regardless if you ever
struggled to take up space in your life
I'm sorry and if you ever felt like
before you lean in you kind of have to
sit up then join me doing that I slouch
because I feel like if I sit like this
it looks like I'm sticking these out and
actually this is just how my body
naturally aligns and this is just how my
body is and to already be projecting
some kind of sexualized idea of myself
before I even leave the house before I
even meet those people before I even
second-guess those kind of reactions out
there that's not me
creating an environment for myself that
I need and that I want and that I
actually deserve I guess this video has
turned into a sit up sit out don't feel
like you need to grow out don't retract
because you feel like you need to
retract to be attractive you don't have
to be dainty and if you're
consequentially taking up a lot of
physical space not just from weight but
from largeness like you know I know
girls who are really tall or they have
really big hands and that's awesome you
get to take up that space and nobody
gets to make you retract into that well
nobody should whatever you do don't harm
your body get your mind to sit up
