everyone know if you don't know who this
is this is Sylar from books and quails
we've been messing around your room bit
today we'll be doing like book videos
make videos and I couldn't make me think
a lot about what we do as kind of
intellectual makeup wearers is that it's
not a ludus term but how we think about
makeup and the kind of pitfalls that we
find with other people's attitudes to
how and when we wear makeup yes and also
the combination of being like bookish
and also really girly and yes loving
makeup and clothes and things like that
and making videos about it because I
have a side channel
she's like a beauty channel with my
friend Marion and we just love talking
about makeup and I also love talking
about books yeah and that is totally
that's like that and be like why because
I think we can we can equally I can come
to your house and we can have like a
20-minute conversation about all well
and then consecutively then have a
20-bit conversation about red lipstick
and that's fine and it works and it's
kind of I don't know I think that's
normal I think everybody has hobbies
that are kind of very specific and kind
of superficial and pointless and but in
my life I've come up against a lot of
people who are like that did have been
really nice things like you know I mean
I you you don't need makeup or like you
look better without makeup or like
things that they're like bestowing this
like honorable thing on me I'm like I
didn't I didn't need to know thank you
but it's the implication that you don't
think you look good without makeup which
is why you must be wearing it my skin
was always fine so I never had that
point rubbers like who I kind of if I
feel the need to cover up so then when I
went on and went to university I just
never really got into it and then I got
to the point where I started watching
Beauty gurus on YouTube and I was like
that looks really fun I want it like
trying I started experimenting and now
I've gotten to the point where I'm like
I'm wearing quite a lot of makeup every
day but I really enjoy it yet felt you
need to but it's not I do do it most of
like most days and but I wouldn't mind
going out without it but I feel more
comfortable and confident with it yeah
and
same way that think if somebody picked
my outfit for me and I had to walk
around all the time it will be awkward
or if I didn't if I just wore red every
day and didn't wear anything different I
think it wouldn't it wouldn't be a
breach on my human rights but it would
just be like well why when I could do
all these exciting things they go to
work every morning and I take about 20
minutes to do my makeup leisurely I'm
not like give me a full like 20 minutes
like I'm on the tube I'm like I'm
prepared I am awake I am ready to do
work can you spend that time on you in
the morning
yeah and I feel like if I would roll out
of bed without makeup I would feel more
uncomfortable and less prepared not
because I'm not wearing any makeup but
because I didn't take the time to like
go through that ritual it's like yoga
less in the morning and then like do
serious the whole day okay I was
statement um girls who wear makeup a
lying disgust because I've actually seen
a lot of like guy youtubers say that mmm
like genuinely been like if a gathering
makeup she's lying like well we don't
wear makeup to advertise ourselves to
boys and also respect your intellect
enough to believe that you have the
ability to see that I don't actually
have red lips
I thought we like math like I'm not
gonna insult you that way by thinking
that you think this is natural makeup I
don'ts enjoy shopping and one of the
things I enjoy shopping for most is
makeup because makeup always fits as
expensive as clothes and I just get so
much enjoyment out of like picking out a
new color of nail polish and picking out
a new dollar wear it a lot more often
than a piece of clothing I think there's
a lot of tension between people who are
like but you're really like your
intellectual and your you work at this
job in some workplaces I've been in hmm
I'm the person who wears a lot of makeup
and people seem to be a bit like why
there's a lot of stigma around it
because I think people assume that
you're insecure and then they start
talking to you and you won't stop
talking and they're like I don't
understand what this is what is this
also a lot of my friends from back home
like I think about half of them don't
wear any makeup and will never wear any
makeup just like literally nothing and
then the other half is like a bit of
eyeliner
a bit of mascara so I've gotten to the
point now like slowly over the years
where I'm like I'm definitely the person
wearing the most makeup well before I
was like I'm the tomboy I don't wear
makeup at all um
what do your friends how do your friends
approach or do they dress it they like
oh you're wearing makeup
oh no I don't think so I think that's
just gone you stood you said it over the
years like same with my parents and my
brother and stuff
I'm whenever they see me with red
lipstick they're like are you recording
a video it's become a hobby so yeah and
it doesn't occupy that much of my time
also because I've been watching YouTube
sure as for a while I can actually do my
makeup very well fairly fast so I think
people look at me and go ah how is she
late like she's she must've spent like
20 minutes I'm gonna make up 30 minutes
40 minutes on my makeup on I'm right now
I've just got it down this is hanging
what is your face right now I feel most
comfortable not wearing makeup if I'm
wearing my glasses yeah because I feel
like without makeup I look very like
butt face I concur I've seen your butt
free from the mirror like all the same
color and I like having some accent so
when I'm wearing my glasses I'm like
that's the accent on my face yes I like
wearing lipstick particularly because I
think I use my mouth a lot as we all
know as well I like wearing lipstick
because that's that's like the vocal
part of my day this is where the events
happen so I would not put curtains
around it I feel like a lot of friends
that I have even though they don't wear
makeup themselves they don't have
anything against makeup they don't want
to spend that time on it or they don't
know anything about it or just something
like that what we try and do under P
mode my favorite Beauty shadows let's
say our approach it's like I feel like
there are a lot of people who do want to
wear a bit of makeup or a little bit
more than they're wearing right now
they're not sure how to do it because a
lot of beauty channels are like so you
want to wear makeup here here are five
layers of foundation 20 shades of this
and like and I just want to be like if
you just want to wear some eyeliner and
eyeshadow this is how you do it like
that's kind of what we're going for like
you can pick whatever you want from this
and use it you don't have to do the full
routine every day like contour your face
I'm getting used to like wearing parts
of makeup but I feel like wearing we're
not the whole face you know like I'm
like I don't feel like I learned it all
on mascara today but I am gonna wear it
stick yeah or the other way around or
just when SCARA or just my foundation
and I just kind of
I'm also times I wear lipstick and all
the eyeshadow and all of them line up I
don't want any foundation cuz I'm like
don't feel it today not bored of that
but now I think it's more okay to treat
it like that I think I think a lot of
people either were like oh I wear makeup
and I'm gonna take really seriously or
not gonna wear it at all am I gonna feel
really super a lot of people have like a
very met like a home face and an out and
about face like even if I stay indoors
all day I will still do my makeup just
because I'm like ooh now I'm awake I'm
ready up tonight do whatever I think
also sign that you're treating it in the
right way you have the wrath sheet
towards it and it's like yeah yeah yes
that's correct
just I just thought as an interesting
point and I'd love to hear your guys
thoughts on it cause I know there's a
lot of people who don't wear makeup
which is like fine and awesome and cool
but then like feel weird about having
very close friends that do wear a lot of
makeup and why that is and what is it
that that yeah and do you ever feel like
if you don't wear makeup do you ever
feel pressured to wear makeup like when
you're going out maybe or something like
yeah because club environments is where
everybody wears makeup which is not
that's also very annoying yeah I think I
can make a video equally in the other
way and being like there are such a
certain situations where you always feel
like you should be wearing makeup when
you don't want to and that's also fine
thank you for coming on the channel
don't outlook it's been great to have
you here yeah good luck with your new
film your new book and your new your new
life will buy it all thanks for watching
guys easy
