if watching just cuz my frog made you
feel like you were on even footing
before I don't know where you're gonna
feel the end of this video but today I'm
filming a food hall things I love about
living in London efficiency I get places
fairly fast to foursquare has become
eight times more appealing now I
actually have more than three locations
to visit within a day the third thing is
the widespread variety and general
actual availability of organic food now
I'm not technically a vegan I'm not
technically a vegetarian I'm not even
technically a very healthy eater but
they are things that I aspire for in
some way without the label trying to
treat my body better in some ways I am
also fairly dairy intolerant it's
something that I kind of live in denial
of a lot because chocolate but I do feel
all around healthier and better and I
get less ill if I'm not having dairy I
just wanted to try it you know I
basically I've accidentally went to this
organic shop for a supposed to wait for
a bus watched three buses go past while
I stayed in this organic shopping like
boo it's good mother earth it is by
islington station and you should go it's
really good a theme of this food is
things I don't know how they taste ah
English let's call the theme of this
hall feats of culinary genius I didn't
think we're possible the first one is
organic oat drink this is a replacement
for milk and I've tried a lot of
different places for milk over the years
because you know I have kind of been in
denial about this for a long time for
that absolutely in a where we've gone
through pretty much every brand of soy
milk on the planet by the way I'd say
the best for your money is the test goes
one up from value soya milk it's like in
a blue thing and it's the sweet and one
and I'd say for your money downs that's
the best it's going to get basically
however in the interest of research I've
picked this organic oat drink to see how
people make milk from oats and if it's
the thing I've also picked up some goats
but Irma Delamere dairy I'm not really
sure how Darien Thomas's work completely
I've attempted to add aside many times
I'm not as allergic to goats cheese as I
am to and regular cheese so I am trying
this goat's butter to see if that is
also a thing another worth of culinary
genius on and think was possible was
this it's mediterranean organic smooth
almond butter didn't know that was a
thing excited to know that it is
thing by the smells of it and it already
feels more genuine because it's actually
really runny because you have to mix it
softly oil separates and other things
which makes me think normal peanut
butter why didn't that separate scary I
bought some perfect p and fresh mint
soup mmm there is it really this isn't
just something that I wanted to see
another thing that I didn't really know
existed and I really excited to try that
with my vibe red ripe registering at
sauna who I now live with apparently and
introduced me to and I really like to be
slice or two that I stole from her so
I'm making my an honest woman myself and
buying my own avocado hummus another
thing didn't know exist in fact let's
open this on camera live guys this is
life fun you're having looks like
play-doh tastes like avocado play-doh
does it like flubber a little bit there
simply put a flubber in a cheese grater
do you not think i also bought out by
the kilogram for funsies because
actually I think it kind of works out
cheaper trees saving saving the trees
and lastly i bought this popping a New
Guinea which oaths single-origin Arabic
coffee now I bought it cuz it's fair
trade for me buying coffee fair trade is
actually one of the most obvious things
that's been around for the longest time
this thing that's most readily available
so owning that is actually kind of
important to me because it's so obvious
that I feel ashamed if I don't do it and
clipper is a brand that I've been
drinking quite a lot of tea of lately
and I really really like it so I thought
why not no no that's it for me who knows
what i'll be doing next door what's in
your toilet and everyday arm shaving
routine i don't i don't know
