sorry about the lighting if I ever
write the autobiography sometimes I
wonder if it's going to be called
something like Leena a life pad rule it
I just wanted to talk about some that
comes up in my life a lot just not with
just my recreational life but like my
professional life because I work in
publishing this is what confuses me
about why and it's positioned in the
book shop and the wider world someone
between 1950s and the 1980s the teenager
was born before that we didn't have a
name for that stage of your life partly
because maybe it needed naming but
partly because your life when you were
around 1617 wasn't that different from
the life you might have when you're 30
or 40 and you didn't kind of have this
transitional stage where you got to like
have exponential crisis's and have very
unique experiences to your specific age
group and then as as literature kind of
crowded around that new development in
society we created the teenage section a
teenage fiction and for some reason in
the last 10 years that's really gone out
and people have stopped passionately
stop calling it teenage fiction they
started calling it young adult fiction
and then very recently new adult fiction
which is like one up from why a but one
down from general adult fiction I more
look for labels and wallet for gradients
and all of the spectrums but sometimes
you just have to wonder whether we
needed to do that thing with that thing
we needed to name I don't know I don't
know well I want to know what you guys
think about being called young adults
what is that to you point of why a for
me in my mind how I make sense of it I
might be wrong please correct me if it's
not the way that you could have seen
genre but for me the reason it has four
existing its excused to be in the
bookshop as every section needs an
excuse to be anywhere is that it
represents a certain time in a
character's life and almost provides a
fable or some kind of comparative
narrative to help somebody through that
certain specific phase of their
life at a stage in your life that
presents very specific problems to eat
you I I question the notion what is a
specific problem and why do we need a
genre to and it's just a question you
know I like why a and it's cool and it's
cool to talk about and it's a cool thing
and some people might call it a gateway
drug to general fiction and some might
say maybe rightfully so that you can
stop my a you can just stop there for
everyone that's okay I'm just
questioning why it's there at all like
what is a new you know adults I do not
growing up now I'm like actually old
with like an actual job I'm realizing
how how kid like all adults are and how
I don't like some teenagers definitely
are and I just kind of think that it's
it's more of a blurred spectrum than we
as fiction providers make out I get that
because you need to split up markets you
need to kind of delineate people in some
way but I wonder how accurate is and you
know whether we're a self-fulfilling
prophecy is it that we tell teenagers
that they have these specific problems
that are just about them and therefore
they kind of do or that's the way they
view their problems there's something
else you know like actually I've learned
as much about my teenage relationships
from Meg Kabat as I have Kizuna she guru
and the reins of the day you know I also
want to I don't just want to hear about
teenager who is also 17 who also likes
combat boots and kissing boys I won't
hear about Butler in pre World War two
Britain who has slight Asperger's and is
confused about who he likes and how to
tell them and his disengagement with his
own emotions and his awkward love thing
that never quite comes into volition and
that's you know that's really sad and it
but it took to me what that book
presented me when I was read I read that
when I was 17 16 17 I read remains the
day and it resonated me because I was
seeing a human who didn't know how to
connect to their own emotions and didn't
know how to analyze them didn't know how
to approach somebody opposite sex
without ruining a relationship that they
had with them and and that was great and
you know that's that was about a
50 year-old Butler in a old house in
denying scum it's not me I think me
connecting that character in that book
was a learning curve to fold because it
was one it was that character and the
situation like character was teaching me
about things that I was struggling with
of my teenage angsty relationships so
the newspapers label but it also taught
me about learning and being my hey this
is a really old and attractive
Butler who's kind of sweaty and weird
and I've just learned a really good life
lesson from him what can what does this
tell me about life and it's those less
obvious life lessons from general
fiction general that's not thing it's it
we have general emotions sorry
no age group is special I don't think
every you know I think in some ways you
do a disservice to people by telling
them that their emotions are tied to
their time in life their age group their
their gender their their ethnicity you
know you do a disservice to that to say
you're this so you're experiencing this
I understand that some way should you
know maybe should have simpler language
for as a gateway as I kind of like
softener as a kind of bridge to
different things and that's fine but
what worries me is that when people
qualify why a as something that only
features characters of a certain age
range what that implies about the reader
is that they are only interested in
reading about people like them whether
they're going through an apocalypse or a
breakup or both at the same time you
know they're still in that phase of
breaking away from their parents and
learning to be who they are without fear
you know what
that that's not always something you
learn in your teenage years adults of 50
still struggle with breaking away from
their heritage and their lineage and
their parents it's not something that
goes away and I think that may be why I
tells us that it does and it's something
you can solve in your in your teenagers
and you can move on you can read Life of
Pi and name is and then you can get on
with kind of adult then you can start to
start tackling politics and religion and
what's good about you know a think it's
different from the books that were
available when I was a teenager but so I
think that's kinda me
wait and I'm with dealing we're dealing
so much with grief we're dealing with
gender and we're dealing with politics a
little bit Thank You Susan Collins I'm a
fan I like I like your series they think
it's wasn't called Catching Fire Hunger
Games they like it Thank You Susan
Collins they liked it a lot tougher well
the worst when I think you label certain
types of books I named them at certain
types of people you have a
responsibility to make them as diverse
as possible
oxymoron really how do you make a genre
and then also make it oh do you see what
I mean do you see why I struggle with it
as a space on the bookshelf as a space
in our consciousness are you what you
feel when you call a young adult what
what does that mean to you is that good
is it the term adult though is it almost
feels more relevant to you and more true
because you do feel like a laddle even
though you're a teenager is it almost
flattery is that good or is it the young
that's kind of like makes you angry is
it like I'm a young adult who's not
really now do one like a fake adil on
new ad or email not not like good to eat
yet what does that what is a new Idol
for I could write a book about shelving
in book shops and genres and why Bera
thing fantasy nothing's real that's why
it's called fiction why is it fun you
know it's taking it one step further
it's getting a bit more of it there's a
lot more removed from from from reality
but it still moved from reality
Eat Pray Love rivers of London Game of
Thrones they're all fiction they all
didn't happen and who's to say that an
angsty divorcee that Elizabeth Gilbert
produces isn't as far-fetched in some
ways than say a goblin by Martin
questions I asked myself when I should
be sleeping I'd really love to hear your
thoughts on this because I don't have an
opinion I'm forming one so healthy for
me because that's what collective
thought and community is about yeah yeah
thanks for watching thanks for humoring
