Publishing is the funnest job in the
world a manifesto
full for breakage which is what the
YouTube platform has been built on and a
very Brechtian way they just saw me do
of setting up this scene and it's going
to be continued with the fact that I'm
gonna eat a wagon wheel during this
video and drink some tea from a Charles
Darwin mug is how I do my videos on this
website anyway but it's particularly
poignant because today I'm going to be
talking about my career and now I
haven't made this video and even though
I've been on YouTube about nine years
because I've been in publishing a long
time and I love it and but here's my
career it's my it's the bread it's how I
pay for these flashy curtains you've got
these from a charity shop when you are a
kind of medium creator like me this
isn't my like full-time job and I still
need my full-time job to eat to eat the
food when I thought about making videos
about publishing but particularly this
one I always felt like I needed to be
super paired for it needed to be like
the most eloquent to the point
professional and presentation which are
things that I have given and things that
I can do and I've gone to universities
and given big like long lectures on
publishing and I feel like I can
academically and in a professional
business setting talk about publishing
but that's not what this platform is and
that's what not what you guys have been
asking for and to be honest I feel like
I have a duty to pass this information
on that I've got to like you guys about
the publishing world because it can't
feel inaccessible for a lot of people
and I'm also so passionate about it that
I want lots of people to join it and
make it bigger and grow it the
procrastination and the pressure of
trying to make it almost job interview
like has stopped me from making it and I
don't think that's it no we're about
here so I'm making this in a big
blink-182 hoodie with my hair in a bun
eating wagon wheels and setting this up
as not a professional maybe an ASMR
listen mes and our fans are
setting this up not as a professional
presentation or everything I know about
publishing but hopefully a spontaneous
unplanned way that young people who know
nothing about publishing and them don't
have any access to people who tell them
about it I hope it'll be a little like
conversation starter and and thought
process for you guys to start thinking
about and trying to understand like what
you were doing publishing why you two
want to join no notes this is just what
I'd say to you if you came up to me in a
pub and you were like hey I watch you on
YouTube I want to get into publishing
but I don't really understand what you
do in publishing I would ask for a pint
of cider from you from my time and I
would tell you this so I've got some
videos on publishing already that you
can watch here there should be a whole
playlist by now ones about ways you can
tell that you might be a good person to
work in publishing whether it's a hard
industry to get into how to get an
internship hopefully all that will be up
there or it will be bothered you know
hopefully soon but once you're in
publishing there's so many different
skills you could use degrees you could
utilize or not utilize and so much to do
so much the still needs inventing that
can't really think of a skill that
wouldn't be useful and publishing there
are so many departments and there's so
much to do I hope I can give you a
little rundown of the general gist of
the roles they exist and I'm gonna note
just very quickly whether I've worked in
them let's do books conception to it
getting into readers hands very quickly
and very briefly writers pen to bookshop
writer writes the book well done it's
hard writer
finds an ancient agencies are there to
find authors publishing deals they're
there to spot new talent they're there
to put all the time into reading the
slush pile reading things are very
unprepared kind of new freshly finished
book level and kind of almost
matchmaking a publishing house with an
author and say hey this editor is really
talented at this this publishing house
is really good at selling this kind of
book I think they'd love your book I'm
going to tell them about it and I'm
going to sell it to them the best agents
are really good at spotting trends in
publishing they're good at understanding
what a good manuscript is before it is
edited properly they're really good at
business deals and money in a more
bargaining sense of it they didn't
necessarily have business degrees or
anything but they're they're good at
doing a deal but they're also highly
emotionally intelligent and they can
work with authors because as you can
imagine there's authors with all sorts
of different personality types being
emotionally astute enough to make
friends with an author and understand
where they're coming from and really get
them to the next level or get them to
the next place they need to be at
without losing momentum or getting
frustrated and it's the best Saints
basically as what I'm saying agents are
crafty Saints wagon-wheel broke this is
a job I've never done although in other
roles I've worked closely with agents I
give for coffee with them and learn
about their jobs and once a book is
signed with a publisher the agents can
be quite a big part of that relationship
between you and the author so yeah
they've been around in my in my
professional life
after the agent hopefully an editor buys
the book the editors again Saints
incarnate you can get anything from a
really commercial agent who specializes
in cookbooks and self-help and or you
know or you get ones that are really
into sci-fi and like no or the whole of
the sci-fi canon you get ones that are
really literally which i think is the
stereotype that lots of people think
when they think of editor is somebody
who went to Oxford and has read all the
classics and knows how this new book
fits into that classic thing and and
gets people to a level where they can
win the Man Booker Prize which is the
thing but it's only one type of editor
and their role is to not just edit the
book because I think again people think
that editors are just there to like move
commas about where actually that's a
copywriter editors do that too but they
also do so much more they commissioned
books so they're the people are also
watching for the trends and watching
what they think will do well but also
what they think could be a good fit for
their lists and their brand and their
reputation and also just like good but
like then they're often really
passionate people that are looking for
books that other people should get to
read and you know there's always editors
that have lots of books on their list
but they also have these little passion
projects that they're like this is just
a good book and I might not sell a lot
straight away but I believe in it
they're usually the linchpin of the way
a book is phrased its title and what the
cover is as well as like being somebody
who can chapter-by-chapter be like
doping that chapter works I don't think
it's chapter works editors and authors
often become really good friends because
they spend so much of their emotional
time together and it's and you know what
it doesn't always work but when you find
an author and an editor who are friends
it's kind of like this weird thing to
experience because they just they're
just more than they've they've done
something together and it's anyway I
really think being an editor is it would
be a really cool thing to be because
you're developing your you're finding
talent and people that you think should
be heard be also getting a chance to
develop this really close kind of
artistic relationship with another human
and I imagine when lakhs of people in
the general population agree with you
and buy the book and are moved by it
imagine that's a great feeling so yeah I
think that's another thing editor's are
usually the one that everybody know
exists but don't really understand
everything they do and
much less appreciating they do see a
round of applause for the editors
keeping the ceiling high keeping the
ceiling up propping up the ceiling
once the book is finished and it's a
manuscript there are lots of different
places they go and it's like all hands
on deck each team is working on that
book to the right steam if you are in
the right steam you're well going to
contract you hopefully boss at legal
terms and maths ish although often
people do this with an English degree or
any other kind of degree but learn it on
the job if you're responsible for
foreign rights you know a lot about the
trends in other countries the markets in
other territories if the publisher holds
them you might be looking after the
movie rights of a book you'll be helping
the editors make think they help their
tutors make the contracts I'm pretty
sure they do but once the contracts are
signed they're the people that go out
and then sell the rights to other
countries or other territories they also
look after serial rights which means
that if a book gets extracted in say a
national newspaper or on the radio
they're the people that go in and make a
contract with the newspaper or the radio
and and they often pay a pay the
publisher a fee to to read the book
aloud be the first people to read the
book aloud or be the first people to
print an extract from the book and
usually a lot of that goes to the author
they also give permission when people
want to extract a bit from a book or
like quote a book in another book and
they're the people that will deal with
that and and especially if it's images
as well they're the people that they're
kind of like huh saw the value of the
content and a responsible for licensing
it's to be repurposed in lots of
different ways basically again I've
never worked with them but I've worked
closely with them and I've been to
Frankfurt Book Fair with them before
there's lots of there can be lots of
travel involved in that depending on
where you work but there's definitely
lots of there's lots of bartering and
knowing about markets and being on the
ball in general basically while the
right seem are doing that the sales team
are on it
they are running about the sales
department basically making the book
what it is so sales teams are selling
the book into various markets and
various outlets so an outlet could be WH
Smith travel or it could be water stones
or it could be Amazon or it could be
Urban Outfitters and pre-publication
they are getting sales materials
together about that book and they're
going
two key accounts managers in those
outlets and persuading them to buy in
the book so not going to too much detail
before it was published they'll try and
get as many people to commit to taking
and stocking as many of that book as
possible before it's out so they've got
lots in their shops ready to sell I did
this a bit but in eBook sales and export
sales they're also responsible for
moving books around so they might be the
people who monitor how much stock we've
got of a book send out into place that
needs to be sent out to they're
responsible for shipping books overseas
as well they work with the production
team to make sure that books are printed
in the right territories and countries
and areas and at the right price and
then they're shipped to a warehouse and
then they make sure that they're still
in the warehouse and they don't get wet
or crushed or lost and they are the
people - - they're the people to watch
if we willow on a book of me we need to
reprint they also have to have a huge
amount of social skills because they're
usually meeting the kind of accounts
people in person and and really getting
them behind books so that's they're
usually really bookish enthusiastic
people people my first job actually in
publishing was doing ebook sales and
exports say also the e-book side of it I
was like making friends with the people
who run a books and some of the key
accounts managers at Amazon and trying
to do daily deals of them trying to get
books on the front of their platforms
and like kind of in their front facing
and consumer advertising I also kind of
worked in the production side of that in
that I was like kind of fixing ebooks if
they went wrong checking that they were
working properly sometimes going in and
trying to recode them if they were
broken but and revising on how you can
convert books into ebooks so say we'd
like a graphic novel there's lots of
different ways you can do that so I was
doing a little bit of that as well like
doing some advisory stuff on the
conversion and remember my going to
mission to detailer knows it's boring
who could say so I was doing some of
that but generally my ebooks role was
like that and then export sales I was
tweaking copy so say for a British
audience the the copy on the back of the
book might have been written for and a
British salesperson a British consumer
and I was tweaking it for territories
like the US so making it a bit more
us-centric
if it mentioned
celebrity that isn't really big in the
US I change it change American spellings
change American words and just make it
better for an American audience so it's
helping the sales director to do that
and also shipping books which is
stressful so being like okay we need to
ship two thousand books of this over the
seas by this point where's the where are
all the forms where are all the
certificates to make that happen did it
get there the other end have I told
everybody you know the weight of every
book but that kind of thing so yes they
else can comprise a huge amount of
things and when I used to run national
newspapers book shop so it's to meet
with lots of sales people and they're
incredible like the ones that are really
good so they just stand out and you're
you're in love with everything they say
and you get persuaded to take these
books that you're like I don't know why
I'm taking a lot of these books but I am
and you get persuaded to feature books
that you you might not have got worth
for your audience but they really get
your audience even more than you do um
and they're just bloody wonderful and
some of the best ones even told me about
books that they didn't publish because
they were so passionate about and what
they were reading they were like look
this isn't our book this is somebody
else's but you should stock it because
I've just read it and it's great so yeah
I moved in that wagon wheel break
production production is something that
I have been in loads of meetings about
and talking about and in decisions where
they make decisions about this but I've
never worked in it but it's like such an
interesting especially if you're into
stationary and you're into the
production of a book it's so interesting
although I can imagine very precise and
something I might not be suited to I did
film a video of a brilliant production
woman called Polly on the vintage
channel that are linked and so she
explains a little bit about what it is
you're working all the other
stakeholders like design and editorial
to work out the possible price of a book
and how you want it to look how thick
you want the pages to be what tail
ribbon you want whether you want foil or
not how many pages is going to be your
work or how much it would be to print
that book and in what quantities softly
it's cheaper the more you print and you
make sure that book looks good
you do loads of checks on all the
precision around it and you make a book
look sexy basically you're really the
linchpin
between what the you know the ideals of
what everybody wants the book to be and
what is financially possible this has
become an even more interesting role
like in the last like five to ten years
because there's such a big focus on
production now that you can buy books in
ebook and audiobook you know you have to
give people a reason to buy the physical
book and so I think books in Britain at
least books have been looking a lot
better in the last ten years and that's
because publishers are really investing
in making them beautiful objects and
who've I missed design design they make
the book covers very simply a lot of
publishing houses that are smaller and
use freelancers for this because they're
trying to get the right person for each
book but when you're working in a bigger
publishing house there's often a whole
design team they might do they might
just commissioned a book but they might
do everything from literally painting an
illustration on the front cover to
designing to doing concept and for high
production value books designing the
inside of books as well and they've got
really interesting jobs I'm always like
I always wanted to sneak around the
design department like what are they
doing what are they where are we
Jesus lots of things to do oh yeah my
department so quite a lot of my roles in
the past have come under the umbrella
term M&P or comms short for
communications this basically means that
you're trying to tell the people who
might read the books about the books and
you're telling the people who know the
people who might read the books about
the books that's as simple as I can get
it and there's often a lot of crossover
between marketing and publicity and so
sometimes in companies those roles are
separate and sometimes they're together
and but in very basic essence I was a
publicity executive and then a publicity
manager for a while my job was to drum
up excitement about a book amongst the
people who edit newspapers the people
who run radio stations the people who
produce TV programs and sometimes
bloggers and vloggers I'd make friends
with book reviewers and features editors
to try and get pieces about authors in
newspapers I would often accompany
authors to events I'd organize those
events
I would get authors on TV
how does moment seeing authors that you
love on TV and you've got them there
it's for nonfiction making news stories
out of books and finding out you know
pulling out either a personal story from
the author or something that is
newsworthy and relevant in the book and
that could be an article or feature and
then also just on the traditional side
getting people to review the book
getting people to talk about the book so
there is events planning so there's
events planning there's writing pitches
there's preparing authors for interview
taking authors to festivals there is
sending out a hell of a lot of books in
the post and it is super fun marketing
on the other hand usually involves
having a budget although not always
marketing is more directly talking to
the readers or the prospective readers
so finding out where they walk so maybe
like getting a poster on the tube
finding out what they read and listen to
and placing an advert in that paper
rather than making them cover it in an
editorial sense which would be publicity
placing a literal ad in the paper to
more innovative social media campaigns
and that kind of thing creating POS
which is points of sale so leaflets
presenters badges anything like that I
feel like I'm butchering what people do
I've seen them do everything from
producing videos to making sound scapes
to organizing public stunts marketing is
a really creative role and it's also one
that you can move into from other
industries I feel like that's a really
like obvious one to move in between and
then there's what I do I am have a role
in a publishing house where I am a
social media producer so I produce edit
you know organized so I produce the
podcast YouTube videos and I run the
Instagram Facebook Twitter writing
website pieces coordinating campaigns
with marketers or publicists but also
upholding like the publishing brand so
making sure that all of our copy is in
keeping with the brand creating content
that just encourages people to read
whether that's classics or around a
theme and generally making the
publishing house a friendly reader
centric place to follow
oh I don't know how long let at me
probably quite a while so what we got
we've got agents editors production
sales marketing publicity rights and
then like what I do which is under the
brand team really it's like social media
producer there are lots of other jobs on
top of that but those are the kind of
like most basic departments within a
publishing house that pretty much every
publishing house has to have to run and
if you're in a small publishing house
you might be just one person for each
department 7 7 maybe a manager maybe
like a director 8 people could run a
publishing house that could that could
happen I've seen it done with a lot less
some people do more than one job and or
you can have 2,000 people in those roles
it's just a spectrum the wagon world is
coming to an end which means I should
probably show up I hope that was helpful
I hope that if you do want to get into
publishing that gives you some kind of
idea of the thing that might interest
you and there's no you know you can try
out you might not like it what I will
say is for most of these roles is that
you can have any kind of degree to work
in publishing you can have a special ism
or you can learn it on the job sometimes
you um you can love books first and
learn the skills later you can have all
the skills and then you know suddenly
have a passion for books and start
working in books even if you haven't
before it just depends which way around
but in every department consistently
people all read and they read so much
and they've always got books that
they're like crying with passion about
and that is the key theme I've seen from
all of the best people in those
departments although most successful
people see and I think that also help
that might give you an a good steer if
you are struggling to get a job in
publishing
I would advise thinking of a department
that you think would suit you and going
to work in a different industry but for
that same department do be picking up
transferable skills and also means that
later down the line you can apply for a
position that is an entry level or
you'll have something really good to
offer or you have something different
and and more filled out to offer when
you apply that was it please to leave
your comments and below if you are a
publishing profession when you work in
publishing
please help me out in the comments below
I don't know everything and please help
me answer their questions that was all
off the top of my head so I'm sorry if I
missed anything
out I always haven't mentioned other
things I've done that are also possible
when you're working with books working
as a bookseller working in a
library running a bookshop they're all
legit things to do with books too
doesn't always have to be up making them
it can be about shifting them that is
all for now don't forget to watch my
other videos on publishing you can find
them here thanks for watching and I will
see you in my next one frogs my cap
yeah
