come on down to the dawn of the world
let's take that path through the
atmosphere and four thousand answers to
all of your questions but she got live
audience today a live audience of one
faith often it
you being the low point in that peak of
a Foss next it's the name of the game
the name of the game is that jokes name
the game is secrets and you have to
guess I have to know it's a burden on me
I mistake so II Bree National Book
tokens and the books in my back campaign
have teamed up to make this beautiful
Secret Santa for us so I'm really
excited for it I might have liked fizzy
emotions in my stomach hey Chelsea too
much milk and we're lucky I wish that
was symbolism but you actually that is
actually the problem isn't it
basically they sent me a box this bag
full of books for a mystery youtuber
they'll send me token like this so I can
spend some dollar on the mystery
youtuber and pick up some books that I
personally think they would recommend no
I I really like this game I find myself
as somewhat of a literary fortune-teller
like if I ever get made we're done and
I'm really standing outside tube stops
in the Hat just like holding people's
palms and being like Chaucer Chaucer is
your spirit animal there is some Agua at
word on your horizon
a Tall Dark Stranger will appear in your
life around the 21st and hand you some
Moran they're needless to say I'm pretty
cocky about my choices SC how are you
Bri did shall we it was superheroes
fighting to make Los Angeles a sober
place for all because here's where yeah
feels kind of like nice meta like relief
kind of fiction for those of a comic
book
enthusiastic persuasion Dave Gorman
versus the rest of the world this is
basically day going round playing every
board game slash sports game / pub game
ever against loser for like interesting
people and stuff I think this youtubers
enthusiasm for board and card games this
would be definitely a fizz I'll app is I
love history a bizarre all a con is to
not for me to filming anyway next one is
damn you autocorrect - you know there's
like images that get spread around
Facebook and Twitter about like people's
awkward autocorrect it's just the whole
book of that I mean I think that why not
sticking with curl up - on Christmas
afternoon after you've thought of all
meaningful you can fit them I only had
the sex once funny to be honest not but
I read it mystery YouTube but I would
never do I would never read a book
before sending it to you I've read it a
little bit this is where he gets a bit
more intimidating where I'm like yep yes
they could def something and I like
these ones this one is Danny Wallace
join me how I started my own coach now
if you haven't seen nanny wars before
he's the guy who did that documentary
that I have on DVD called and how to
start your own country he goes through
all the systems that you need to start
your own country which makes me one kind
of want to throw a mouse and - and - and
to go
that's sheer great I wonder how you do
do that maybe I should do that
Oh like how we can a place in your own
egotistical fantasies while all sit
laughing himself and I'm a big fan of
Danny Wallace so I think I think it's
gonna like this 52 but also I feel has a
tongue-in-cheek kind of a skewed towards
cults and the like so I think the
discussion on following would be an
interesting one and then another Danny
Wallace one what not to do and how to do
it free and bread by James Morton which
is basically just like breadporn you
ever thought about bread until you've
cooked at spreads like that you look
you're looking into a full text here
this is you just looking into the ether
oh don't know what's going on here and
this just so much bread I imagine fake
they might cook some who knows I don't
know if maybe after reading how I
started my own cult can bake your own
bread do the loaves and fishes thing
next one Keep Calm for chaps
yes probably giving away the gender
thing now featuring on the reveal sex on
television can't hurt you unless you
fall off this is the money this is the
money prize this is the Goliath the
mystery youtuber is definitely gonna
like like definitely this is this is
hands-down this is this is a safe place
almost too safe the beautiful absolute
oh god may have got some lipstick on
your book who can say beautiful color
spread of all the kind of past doctors
and characters and how they filmed it
and those it's like sketches about how
they planned out the word for that I'm
not a filmmaker I'm a publisher you
good choice all around I feel guys I'm
suitably intimidated
after receiving the package I went out
on a little trot round London spend my
books in my bag token oh
done now Scott into the sofa it's gone
into the void so I went out and I used
my but summer bag bag to kind of have a
little gander a little trot if you will
with Sanne and Sarah around various book
shops I went to fall this is the fun
book shop we have been to nobody is more
dedicated than me
as soon as the fine who I had write I
was like I know I know the things and as
soon as I got into the bookshop it was
all black it was like it's like GCC mat
it all gone I feel like my choices are
from the heart because they are
genuinely stuff that I am reading or
plan to read in a very near future the
first one has been on every single
display table I think I've seen for last
three months it's daily rituals by Mason
curry I actually have my own coffee and
I'm reading it right now and I really
freaking love it so I thought you know
what let's spread the love let's do and
then then then that cow rosianna upload
a video before me I realize she's also
bought this book for her mystery person
so great minds guys great minds this is
a compilation of very short sections
detailing how lots and lots of famous
people structure or structured their
days to become the great and productive
minds and that they have become people
include Karl Marx Freud Jane Austen for
also more hilarious people like skinner
peih-gee Woodhouse what does he do
Philip Larkin I'm excited for that
George Orwell so it varies from
attitudes of order to rule all only
Hitler's of the world work at night then
he gets up like 6:00 a.m. then works
from seven to eleven thirty and then
lives his life and then Fitzgerald that
didn't get up to eleven and never
started writing till 5:30 I hope you
like that mystery youtuber the next to a
part of a series that I'm collecting at
the moment though to celebrate the 150th
anniversary of the tube line in London
they've kind of issued a small slim
volume slash essay on each line so yeah
I really really love these never really
liked shor little reads and and and to
drop a small hint I think this would be
of great interest to the mystery
youtubers current life goals and lastly
you are not a gadget which is a book
you've seen me haul and recently and I
started reading and I'm really a read
fun interesting so this is the guys
manifesto and I do
if I believe him I'm really excited to
disagree with him somebody who seems
interesting and legit too discrete like
I like to disagree people who I feel are
very intelligent and then could have
worked through I think and then be open
to the fact they may be right and they
may be I don't know but listen to the
back something went wrong around start
the 20th century the crowd was wise
social networks replaced individual
creativity there were more places to
express ourselves than ever before yet
no one really had anything to say does
this have to be our future in you or the
gadget digital guru and virtual reality
pioneer Jaron Lanier reveals how recent
develops in our culture a deafening
personal interaction stifling genuine
vented nurse and Eve and even changing
us as people this is the searing
manifesto against the mass media
Christie a creative call to arms and an
impassioned defense of the human I find
really interesting to hear what they
thought about this and because it's
something that I'm also kind of like
chewing the fat on she's like my Blue
Peter display by the way I hit the curl
of watershed mark that means I can now
book the Google Studios but I'm too
scared to book them so I made this
display with this and this and this is
just how we roll on just kiss my frog we
don't we don't do the flashy things we
don't buy a microphone that might
enhance your in spirit the experience of
the video that would be respectful and
sensible I've also made another video
about books my bad campaign but if you
haven't checked out yet i really suggest
you do thank you to e bree for sending
all these wonderful books i'll be
packing them up and send them off to
resign ass any day ray Christmas mystery
youtuber I hope you enjoy your prize and
appreciate all of the book references I
could have made to your life which I
didn't it's also time for you guys to
hazard a guess though and let me know in
the comments below who you think it
might be Thank You National Book token
sending us a super nice book token see
you my next video
one for the anus
