hey guys I've got a book haul for you
today well I've got a book haul for me
today I feel like I said return to some
people say they have a haul for you it's
not for you admit you can't you come to
my house and try and take these books
I'll be very angry just give you a catch
up on what I'm about to read what I'm
thinking about reading why I am
currently reading and this is a great
way to show you what is out there that I
think is very very worthy of your money
or your time or both this is probably
been over the last two and a bit months
and I have got some of these books for
free I will start below the ones I have
received for free if I am offered a book
for review I do think very very very
seriously about whether to accept that
or not because I want to be very sure
that's a book that I would have
approached on my own and also a book
that I will definitely read a review
because otherwise Spanish care isn't it
but also I work in publishing so there
are some books that I've just received
because that's the kind of nice hub of
like villager like Loveland that we have
is so first - would you ever get that
you buy books and twos and then kind of
always think about them together I do
that I don't I always seem to buy two
books when I go into book shops and I
always they always have this indelible
link in my hand to which even when they
have like no link at all I bought these
two at Gallagher Street waterstones and
it was a really really lovely evening
where I didn't have to be anywhere and I
just felt really warm and as tired after
work and I just wandered around this
great castle of books being like what
should I pick one of them is fat is a
feminist issue which is something I am
looked at online for a while it's
written by Susy or back and it's a kind
of classic staple feminist text about
weight gain and weight loss and how that
might have been affected in your psyche
by the past and expectations and um it's
not always obvious stuff either I'm this
much of the way through and I really
like it obviously of study feminist
theory but I've never directly had it
applied to weight loss and such as a
specific applicable kind of sense and
it's really actually helping me I think
and so when you keep reading it the
second one is you want us to gadget by
general area and when I got home I
realized I already owned a book that he
wrote deny deny was just a dust jacket
but I own this who owned the future
which is a great book I've been reading
that's really good and so just by
coincidence about registering the names
I bought this which is you're not like
gadgets basically about social media and
the kind of interchange of money the
idea that companies are making money
from our information do we should we pay
back for information on how would a
world in which that was a thing work I
don't really know yet cuz I haven't read
it seems to be very strongly written
either very looks strong and these are
my opinions kind of writer but that's
okay because I feel like he's gonna back
up with some awesome evidence so I'm
excited
my friend Maddie was clearing out some
books in the house and she had this like
pile of books that she was like I don't
want these you want any of them and so I
picked out this one which is undone
London and China Michael is a lecturer
at Warwick University and also one of
her favorite writers this is actually
because she had two copies of this book
she liked it so much its setting and it
took they're kind of like fantasy
realism thing and it's set in in London
where London kind of comes lives and
attacks itself it has cartoons in it and
well excited this and also I just like
to read more viscous onra and really let
you know what his writings like and got
some great kind of stuff at the bottom
here so I really I really excited for
that cook like a man is a book I've been
actually involved in the publicity of if
you want to check it out I was actually
a kind of like faux cooking program
competition for Movember
this is Movember the official cookbook
hail to all those been growing with -
this is a beautiful well produced kind
of like men Lee cookbook which I
entirely
I'm totally reading from because gender
binary you it's got a very kind of
never touch another man's barbecue
esque kind of tongue-in-cheek kind of
comments in it and stuff and but also
some very famous people are cooking from
evans we're including kind of
approachable manly kind of them so I'm
excited to have a look kind of flick
through that and see what I could
possibly assemble from my very basic
understanding of cooking want to see me
attempt to be a TV presenter you can
click that below and a bookshop I love
in London is the M foils in Soho it's
huge
everybody so so friendly and it has some
great very well thought through displays
a book so you can discover stuff that
and I don't know it just feels very
thoughtfully set up bookshop I really
like it I asked you guys on Twitter
if anybody knew anymore kind of like
metafiction ebooks like very like books
that are conscious of themselves so many
people were like if on a winter's night
a traveler have you read from a winter's
night a traveler read it and so
basically the next day I went out and
got it and I'm this much of the way
through I haven't had time to read any
more right now because I'm doing a kind
of blitz of the book thief with to my
friends of home we're going to reading
it together so I kind of dropped
everything to do that and but when I'm
finished I'm totally gonna carry on with
this it seems so good and the second one
is Emma by Jane oh look at this I love
big book shops because they can stock
American books and give them to us at
good prices so this is a beautiful
version of Emma they do all of them you
to all kind of handwriting on the back
it's got kind of inside flaps really
really good on papers and stuff is
anybody else watching Emma approved I'm
not sure about the moment I am watching
it is making me really miss the book
because this is my favorite Jane Austen
book out the four I've read I might want
to reread this pretty soon so I'd love
to have a really nice and copy of it the
next one was an impulse buy I'll give
you that I bought this summer man
Outfitters it was on sale and I was like
at the time they felt like the most it
made the most sense in my head to buy
this but now I'm like why I'm not sure
it's called the girl in song gets a
great songs in the 20th century and kind
of tells you the stories of the girls
behind them and how they were written
songs like lonely Rita
Lola sweet child of mine Sweet Caroline
Peggy Sue and so yeah I kind of really
liked the idea resistant I think it's a
great concept for a book and I could
have some idea in my head or I was gonna
like read one of these a day like over
breakfast and then walk to work
listening to the song this it hasn't
happened and I'm not sure if it will the
next one was contacted by quote books
and because a ransom riggs is bringing
out another book after his and miss
Peregrine's Home for peculiar children
he was like do you want to be on the
list for that I was like yes yes I do I
haven't read the first one and he was
like you want to catch up on it and I
was like yes yes I do is really kind
enough to send me the first one mr.
woman's home for children
and this is something I've seen Jessie
the reader rave about a lot of people
have raved about it it's a fictional
story but based around actual real
photographs of creepy children who are
like floating and doing supernatural
things and just a bit crazy
I really really appreciate kind of cross
cross and discipline kind of fiction and
kind of oh god it's the stuff they tell
you in creative writing classes where
they're like pick an object and write a
story about it like pick this photograph
and like make up a plot behind the eyes
um but this is actually somebody who's
done that and it sounds like it's worked
really well so and the concept of this
entices me it's got a quote from John
Green on the back and all all signs
point to success to be honest so I'm
really excited to catch up and read that
the next one is one I haven't heard of I
found in a chap like you know what's
good about London charity shops people
put their proof copies in charity shops
and you can buy them for like a pound
this is actually a proof copy of a rug
I'm not sure what the main cover the
real cover actually looks like this is a
proof copy by farrago who are like one
of my favorite fiction publishers the
way they do their proof coffee this is
insane it's a beautiful book and it's
called the Paris wife my purpose today
actually know much about it because I
want to just kind of have a surprise and
I found with history at historical books
like if I read the backs they often give
away some too much of the synopsis and
just kind of put me off when actually I
really like historical books it just
seems to be the blurbs that put me off
so I don't want to know what's in this
but it's beautiful and it has like faux
postcard I don't know if they're
supposed to be more focus cards from the
story in them with writing on the back
which was like yes another one I've got
because I wanted a short sharp beautiful
read and was Ali Smith artful and I was
actually thinking very deeply about and
girl meets boy which is one of my
favorite books I've given it to so many
people because I'm like this is just
infectiously good and and you know I
keep saying to rule that's one my
favorite books but actually I've never
read anything else by Alec Smith I think
that's not okay I went to you watermark
books in Kings Cross and I kind of just
browsed or the Ali Smith they had in and
can I pick the one I thought sounded the
best it's about grieving but it seems to
be very poetic and energy
and it also has meditations on art and
then all the art is printed about so
this is then one of the illustrations
from Oliver that you kind of dwells in
at the beginning I've started it as with
all books so yeah so and it's got layers
of kind of art and stuff printed at the
back which I'm sure will come into the
novel at some point so yeah really quick
nice big font and just looks awesome
really excited for that now a video that
went up on my old channel that will be
going off on this channel very soon is a
video with sana from books and quills in
which we recommend each of the books
when we two live together we just kind
of grab stuff from her shelves and we're
like let's recommend each of the books
now I've already it readily those books
you are pretty sure she is neither but I
even resonate in this book so I thought
come on now it's time I got Hitchhiker's
Guide to the galaxy and proceeded to
stick a lot of stickers all over it
because give me that I thought I was
going to keep it plain and nice but um
give me the stickers and I'll just the
good Oh put me in a playpen we're nearly
there guys we're nearly there
I'm the next one and I'm also reading
like fun The Chronicles of Narnia round
and which is the book that she published
when she was 50 she was just 15 I've got
publishers 60 back it seems to be a kind
of tongue-in-cheek meditation on what
she has described in her other books as
her actual life it's written about a
very creative kind of socially labored
and eccentric family with far too little
space in their house and far too much
imagination I've read how to be a woman
I'm nearly finished and more anthology
and when I finished this I think I'll
review all of the books in one video
because I'll be cool she's also just
signed for another book called how to
build a girl which I'm really excited
for literary can't contain the volcano
of excitement in my heart about lastly
before my voice goes burial rites by
Hannah Kent this has been displayed in
loads different places the production if
this is freaking beautiful it has this
like stunning turquoise black darks kind
of feather on the side it has black
pages it's polish for Picador and it's
based on a real story I read some
articles on it before I accepted it it's
a historical book about a girl gets
condemned to die for and killing her
helping to kill her lover we Jenner she
does and it sounds very well informed
and very sad so I'm kind of readying
myself and being like when am I in a
good place to read this but I am really
excited to read it and it's beautiful as
a side note I have also bought the box a
really really pretty box set of Harry
Potter and I didn't see that many
sources for pictures of that online
properly I just have had to buy it
blindly and and the end person that's
shown them in the video is no ghost of a
win which is what I bought them because
I saw her is not like what so if you'd
like to have a set for a haul video that
let me know I don't know that something
people be interested yeah I mean I yeah
thank you for watching and I will see
you when exid I did it so many books
