hi guys I've got a book review for you
today I like Rick and Lou yeah so today
I am reviewing as a library of
unrequited love by Sophie Dipper you
might see this in one of my calls I
detailed the reason I bought was because
obviously because of the nice cover but
two because always slightly confused and
this is her first novel it's translated
from French and it's only 90 pages long
and somebody bothered to publish it in
hardback and really promote it so I'm
kind of like from a publisher's
perspective what the am in the book
it's also written in second person which
if you watch my videos you know that I
love and like kind of most of the
writing I've done lately has been in
second person the premise is that an
unnamed librarian who is kind of old
before her time we get the feeling that
she's quite bitter and old and one of
those people with really high top burns
as very the Shh librarian but we do find
out that she's kind of younger so it's
kind of old before your time quite
lonely protagonist and it is a monologue
it's kind of like The Reluctant
Fundamentalist in that we never really
know the name of the identity of the age
of the gender of the person she is
talking to the person she's talking to
you is a random person from the public
who has been locked in her library
overnight she is the first peasant open
up in the morning and he is there
sleeping or she is there sleeping in one
of the aisles and for some reason was
I'm going to give her some artistic
license here because I don't really
think this has happened a lot not to
this extent and she sits and she talks
to this person for a really long time
about her life I understand the why she
didn't really characterize the main
character and I'm some literary tropes
around that but at the same time
sometimes it did feel a bit false that
she was like every now and then being
like oh yeah oh so to be talking to
somebody and then switches to second
person so in some ways that's the only
thing I remove my book however I did
think it was beautiful I've only been a
few translations in my life English is
my first language and my only language
English is not my first son is over
there I've been here in a few
translations in my life and but the ones
that I found most successful for me as
somebody who only has one language and I
like the way that it kind of encapsulate
the rhythm of French and it also talks a
lot about the culture references a lot
of French history but it's kind of very
accessible French history that I do
understand they've translated it so it's
not an in-joke
but it is something that's very much of
its location which I really like
French is language of the beautiful
rhythm as well so I feel like that kind
really added to the success of its
beauty in English that make sense for
those of you who really like metafiction
there's lots for you here she has some
great analogies about the nature of
libraries who comes into libraries you
don't come into libraries why libraries
exist
there's a lot going to philosophical
reflection in it which is something that
I'm really into you might not be for use
it will flag that up so some of you
might not like that I do yeah there's
some really nice references for Dewey
Decimal System I thought I would read
one out for you I'm a time burner I like
to burn your time for this is II don't
know the Dewey Decimal System is a kind
of universal way invented by mr. Dewey
he invented the Dewey Decimal System
which is way of categorizing all books
basically by number here is a really bad
example is inaccurate but say 300 300 is
history and 400 was Spanish
then Spanish history would be a 350 do
not really I mean it's kind of a kind of
sliding scale of measuring the content
of a book and then categorizing it
accordingly and so she has some great
kind of reflections about boundaries and
categories and this is a really great
passage where she gets kind of like
really not chopper by which I like to
watch characters get angry because I'm
sadistic like that the jury Decimal
System is a secret code invented by the
axis of evil that binds books and
librarians together in order to scare
the reader off it's terrifying the Dewey
Decimal System
totally inhibiting everything goes into
it like a mincer your holidays your
house your tastes your furniture just
everything it's even a classification
for sexuality and plenty of different
shelf marks for all the complications no
sorry we don't have that down here it's
upstairs reserved section telling you no
one stops them people on the ground
floor ends up putting a shelf mark on
all of us my refugees my unemployed the
little old man
everyone shell smart we must have let
them get away with it they're perverts
and obviously probably not as effective
in my as I'm told now northern accent so
moved to London and now apparently I'm
Northern which I've the character and
slowly descends into madness not going
to show you the ending but he's
interesting and I don't know it's just
it's nice to have a small snippet of a
character's life
well they don't necessarily have to go
on an epic journey and I don't know say
get thrown into an arena of people under
the age of 18 have to fight it out to
the death
this is calm flexion on life guides and
that's something that I enjoy every now
and then so yeah I definitely I
definitely recommend this to people I
probably recommend it to specific people
because I can understand how it's not
for everybody but definitely if you're
me
you'll love it if you're not me well who
knows excellent I'm really informative
thank you for watching and I'll see you
my next video bye
