if I hold up this cute cat will it
distract you from the fact that I've cut
all my hair off I'm sure people feel
videos explaining the fact they cut
their hair by concerns in 10 seconds had
dreadlocks are singing front of the TV I
cut full of my dreadlocks for fun I
opened the dreadlocks for fun I cut it
open I opened up the dreadlock this was
inside it I thought this can't happen I
cut them all off I went to a very
expensive hairdressers I said please I
did something bad took my house they
sorted me out told you I could do it
today though if we can distract from
this I want us to talk about no fire
week for those who missed it low fire
week was a really really cool project
that muddy who can find here kind of
dreamt up and it was basically kind of
week focusing on not focusing and kind
of recognizing that is that the content
is important but it's not always the
equipment and I kind of interpreted that
in other ways and also kind of probably
made the content and they'll be
questionable but I really freaking
enjoyed that week I put up a video
almost every day like I missed a day I
missed a day it's because also sing
really fun house party that you can view
here I did a bookshop tool I did some
spontaneous reflection on things like
I've seen around me and I did a book
review I just kind of had a lot of fun
actually just filming on my phone and I
haven't had that much fun filming
youtube videos in a really long time
which made me think for something that
is my hobby I should be enjoying this
more and I really enjoy it because to be
honest it's one of my long most
long-standing hobbies I think yep I've
moved to London are basically I've
fallen into a nest of friends that I've
found through this website is become an
integral part of my life than I ever
planned said every youtuber ever and I
realized that my approach to it has been
somewhat strange lately I've been
worrying about lighting I mean self
critical of my equipment and I've been
shown of brand myself now if we haven't
seen after this video probably came
irrelevant but I did have a channel but
I started in March called the girls of
the comet which is basically a book
channel truly with the focus of
reviewing and sharing and talking about
books I love books I work in publishing
now I'm a sales and marketing executive
but I found as Mike enough life has
changed since March which if you watch
my other videos if freakin has this is
definitely definitely my hobby and I
want to really enjoy it and one of the
gals are watching YouTube but the
subtotal for her channel is something
like a Pensieve of my thoughts on the
internet or something like that and I
really love that word pennsie because
I'm like yes that's what it is I want
people to go to put their head in the
bucket of just kiss my
OGG and see all my thoughts and all my
could sporadic kind of things and I'm
not you know what I've learned from loaf
I week is that I'm not brand separating
my content like that I'm trying to brand
it trying to make it more professional
and stuff it sends myself message that I
don't like it sent I'm sending my cell
phone messages on my brand and I'm not a
brand I'm a very complex human being and
that probably right and that might be
wrong but that's just how i see it for
me not for anybody else emphasis
emphasis emphasis everyone's at the
pressure I put on myself to put up
consistent clean immaculate content is
actually ruining my enjoyment of this
hobby emphasis on hobby lots of people
uses as their profession and that's
awesome and it men ables them to make
exquisite content and excited about that
but I'm not that person I have other
things behind here over just just behind
just behind your eye line here that I'm
doing that takes up a lot of my time so
I want to make sure that when I make
content here is literally to the end of
fun full stop that's where it ends
obviously if I gain other skills and
other thoughts and other things that's
great fun is where the buck stops and
its really really great conversations
ingest from fully chokes who I love more
everyday and we both kind of had these
kind of feelings about the way we want
to treat YouTube she slows down her
channel very recently dear fiction ear
and it's just gonna focusing on foolish
oats there will be no more the girls to
a comment this is not a sad thing no
only made 17 videos on my channel anyway
so I think some of them i will be
reuploading here if they're still
relevant i still think they're good the
crap wants will go though so we making
book reviews and book calls but they're
going to be alongside all the content
that you'll see on just kids my frog
another thing i love loaf I week is made
me realized I actually really miss doing
outfits of the day there's something I
used to do a lot of and it's something I
became scared to do because I thought
the audience whoever the audience are
would think I was shallow or it just
wasn't the kind of content they wanted
and they can subscribe and just silly
things like that I wear clothes
sometimes I like to talk about them
anything you do you should be able to
talk about on YouTube and that's
something I do and I like it what did
you learn from loafer week let me know
below and I will see you in my next
video bye
you
