Jessa's been mocking HMMP so I guess yes
very hi I am here with Jess I'm about to
say just now you are my favorite
politician that was live on camera right
my second favorite is Mary black so well
now it might ruin your friendship she
was eyeing my attention but for now it's
good so jess um you wrote a book called
every woman which I love I listen to an
audio so I kind of feel like I know you
know yeah it's beautiful
so I've written down ten reasons because
I was thinking about as MP thing I think
it could be quite fun but I've written
down ten reasons why I probably
shouldn't do it okay devil's advocate
like okay Ram and you can tell me why I
may be wrong okay we might we might
reach a roadblock and actually right
yeah yeah there are some of them that
over okay reason number one I should not
be an MP I am a woman true or false
well false wait your false obviously
telling me although it will be harder
for you because you are a woman
depending on which for the whole party
obviously the Labour Party sort of
forces the issue by I'm having all-women
shortlists so that women definitely do
get elected but it's still much harder
to be yeah become an MP if you're a
woman and you're much more likely to
have a marginal seat which means that
you're more likely to lose so even if
you get to be an MP as a woman you're
more likely to lose your seat after a
certain number of time so there's never
been a woman who sat in the House of
Commons as long as men have sat there
but it does it shouldn't stop you
yeah I don't know I'm there because the
rule that like if you've been there the
longest then you're the person who can
speak first yes but then because women
haven't been there that long that's not
yeah so I think Harriet Harman is the
longest-serving woman she's been in 35
years and the longest-serving man is
like 50 years so she's got even 50
awesome times we've got a long time to
go so Reggie we have to keep Harriet
Harman there in perpetuity it's a bit
like weekend at Bernie's even
no chance of reaching it with that
replay that's fine why donate your body
to science donate some women's issues
anyway so the woman thing that should be
fine it'll be a bit more annoying but
the next thing I'm from the Midlands
how's that for commentary and they say
Midlands people are racist anyone from
the middle there about many MPs from the
Midlands I say we are all writers have
you not made anybody since like philip
larkin like and catamaran oh yeah anyway
that's another that's another day we do
do do some organized Madame Pete Pete
Waterman he's doing other projects
because Pete Waterman which must be safe
right I think that is because in the
Midlands we're a bit like you no we're
not I know it's hard to believe whether
I'm about to say it we're not so Blasio
we're just on being the best and it's
just like we're just like little come if
you want happen but there aren't many
MPs in the Midlands and there certainly
aren't many that have Midlands access
but there are a few there's a new one
and a Tory man in Warsaw called Eddie
Eddie Hughes he's actually really nice
he's a really nice black and but yeah
you couldn't definitely be there from
the Midlands the Midlands is like got
constituencies in everything that you
like to be represented I know it's a
shock for us in the Midlands who think
that you know everybody else is ignoring
us we'll have as many MPs like per head
so that's two now they don't got a pen I
need to do this formally yeah so if by
the end I've taken them all away will
you become an unfunny okay believe oh
yeah typical MP it's not you know
okay I'm a woman now I'm from the middle
number three I went to a comprehensive
oh it's fine too you can get into
Parliament but it's rich much it's it's
rarer then but mainly because people are
quite old in Parliament as well in the
competitive system has idea existed
first time so if it takes me 20 years to
get to Parliament in that I'm real oh
yeah it's gonna be really fine by then
it's gonna be totes fine yeah that's
fine yeah yeah play the long game I mean
I don't think you should wait 20 years
but yeah you can be from a comprehensive
that's totally faster I think just in
greening was the only education
secretary he had ever gone to a
comprehensive okay well I'm gonna scrape
that off for now yeah that's fine
there's plenty of comp kids and there's
real or something before I guess there's
like three yeah read of it because
what's all we talk about there yeah you
have to be able to just like smattering
of Latin any moments matter yeah just
like a little
carpe diem yeah just or a bonus a day
you know just think guys Boris is around
he speaks half in like it's just like
we're scratching it off I did not study
politics at University that's fine
fun most people didn't most people like
studied oh there's a lot of people who
did PPE politics philosophy in it
economics but I started study now it's
politics but I've had it really boring
yeah it's just about all white dudes and
I didn't care about them so no that's
fine I don't need it without me
University will stop no there is no
seems to ease access requirements at all
use need to stand you just need to stand
I mean obviously like you you have to
get people to select you to stand and
how to get people to vote for you quite
a big job interview you know a hundred
thousand people job interview but they
don't ever ask you know what's your
degree and you don't have to produce
certificates or anything so sorry I'm
like if you haven't been to university
at all
you don't worry well it's very expensive
now so that bad news
um I don't know anyone who works in
Parliament actually I do now so that's
we don't even yeah but I think that's
better yeah yeah because I didn't I've
been to Parliament like twice I've been
in the building before I was elected I
didn't really know anybody who works
there either so I don't need to know
like you know you'll get to know them
you see my friend Lisa briskets on the
first day definitely just don't be rude
to people and you'll make friends and
you'll also be better than half the end
piece yeah I probably trained on yeah I
don't have any money to run a electoral
campaign or election campaign campaign
yeah that is do you need that or can you
get it from you'd get it from other
people if you get enough people who are
inspired by you as to fund an election
campaign but also if you're from a
political party they will fund your
election campaign but they won't pay you
so a lot it costs a lot of money to
become a member of parliament you lose a
lot in earnings both me and my husband
have to take a massive pay cut for me to
be the candida and I was a candidate for
two years so it's not easy and we need
to do more to fund that but political
parties will fund the actual leaflets
and stuff but you do that yeah newspaper
acceptance that's true
Anna what's university that was a waste
needless yeah anyway that's why you're
fine alright this is a lie but it's a
hypothetical situation where we're magic
okay I can do that on the campaign trail
this I will ever tell right I'm a liar
that's I have children what I don't but
imagine if I did okay so yeah my
children have two parents and so you
know he can also look after them it's
hard though I have to live away from my
children
but it's not impossible and people
sometimes said to me is it really hard
living away from your children I'm like
that yeah it's really hard
it's absolutely ideal compromise it's
like being a single mom but maintain
distance relationship the absence makes
the heart grow fonder those
relationships do break up something like
40% of marriages break up so married I'm
not fix it if it's not fix it don't
break it actually for women it's bit
hard that's the one thing that I'm like
all right leave her alone yeah that's
not the reason she's addicted I also
just don't think that light just because
she doesn't have children that she's
like gonna just so yeah but it's quite
women who don't have children because
they get so in fact I should have
children is a great PR tactic it is a
great PR good looking on I'm on it okay
I don't really want to spend my days
with old beige sexist men I mean do I
have to go or just what once a month no
you do I'm afraid
okay there is comment change my
preference a lot of time with but they
are getting better there's less really
sexist ones because we've modernized a
bit but you're gonna have to spend your
time with those success men no matter
where they are mostly no Parliament is a
vibrant place to work actually with
those funny women and there are loads of
funny women and like there's a lot of
testing and I rolling I am really good
at it I'm already in trade well choice
I'm excited work with very successful I
can make a compromise more allowed to
touch yeah you allowed to do that normal
workplaces you know they feel at all
right hold on Jerry
to me yeah and we probably lot you in
EastEnders well I'm I'm getting more and
more salt on this okay and I kind of
read this in your book and I'm worried
about it people will shush me shush me
all the time yeah Shh in the chamber
only in the chain I mean they might be
 about my own so I better can't see
them I can only say the other side but
yeah if you're quite vocal they'll be
like this is the worst it's basically
like EastEnders yeah yeah there's and
it's it's demeaning what your child so
there's lots of times when people will
use very sort of childish controls to
try and make so people say oh you're
quite bright aren't you like any I'm
sorry Mickey Morgan was telling me that
recently the you know the Treasury
select committee chair yeah yeah pretty
legit and somebody was saying oh you
know I will talk to you about the
economy because you don't have heard
you're one of the bright ones she said
you know I just turned around I said you
know how perhaps analysing that isn't
she hadn't you she would have liked
before just yeah but now she was
basically like that's a patronizing and
that sort of thing happens where you're
in you know your infantile I was quite a
lot but it's brilliant because it just
take it on board make you stronger and
it makes you like you know the other
side like me and Nicky Morgan we've
bonded over people treating us like
children club bishops clapping dudes I
like that I'm striking off the list I'm
not scheduled annual and this one I am
NOT exceptional you talk about I think
that you probably are exceptional in
lots of ways
but also look at the people in
Parliament named me for exceptional
people in the cabinet today in both
shadow and from front and back front and
I don't suppose you couldn't name
exceptional people there is some
exceptional people
okay I'm not accept should approve the
world yes not exceptionally good so it's
actually they're not bad mmm
but very very few people who are in
these amazing jobs are truly who know me
a truly exceptional person there's like
ten in the world most people are a bit
rubbish and people aren't perfect there
is a horrible desire at the moment to
either you're perfect or you're in the
bin but there's no in-between perfect or
in the bone yeah like I was reading to
my son the other day we have that good
night stories for rebel girls which I
really really love and I read it to him
and we do that thing where you like
flicking through a nice s-stop and then
we'll pick a person to read about and it
was an song so she and I was like oh
gosh now I'm gonna have to explain
brilliant did a bad thing
really bad thing is that they're doing
some really bad thing also did a
brilliant thing there is we have got me
understand it nobody is exceptional
actually nobody is perfect and we've got
to stop putting people on pedestals to
think that they're amazing and all
they're in the bin
people are brilliantly varied so I
imagine you are also brilliantly though
you might be really like know nothing
about like transport infrastructure
being an MP that you've just described
and but you might know absolutely loads
about I don't know youth engagement
apart from Jeremy Corbyn he's just
basically got that Corbin thing that was
it growing with Corbin exactly indeed
diversify from grime like rock so yeah I
think that people want people to be
exceptional when they're not people
think that people make it like I'm
exceptional and I'm just like really
bang averages some things just good I'm
gonna matter if I'm not which I like
that as the war and so I'm gonna with
taxi Parliament now yeah it's literally
two minutes
yeah no confident there with this
converse today so yeah that's one good
thing about being a woman in Parliament
you should come pretty much wear what
you like right suppress the men have to
wear the suit yes so come join us and
your Doc Martens I'll be there you're
very welcome
your book is out now very good market so
yeah this is Jeff's book it's out now
it's amazing and it's also really really
great an audiobook
I love read it yourself there are some
words they couldn't describe there were
some words there's one section about a
town in Pakistan took me like 19 roses
thank you so much very welcome also you
have to focus eight this not in Linda's
they're much harder to come by
lick seats in London
