hey guys still no fire week that's how
week's work I guess I just want to use
this week to kind of just post thoughts
not setting up a tripod not be
intimidated by Cameron just gonna
posting thoughts that I have today
soldiers about yesterday yesterday I
want tickets on Twitter from hot key
books to go to dorm porters and breast
cancer kind of event and book launch
before occur book booby trap which is a
compilation of basically all of my
favorite authors writing together so
that's cool but I'm sure I'll make like
a book review and video about that very
soon basically it was a combination of
beautiful musical performances some
readings and a lot of freakin fun Chris
had held motive kids to me volatile
violation now I'm not really somebody
who's for just like just women
gatherings cuz I'm just kind of like why
even though the book is kind of based
around the concept of boobs it wasn't
really completely feminine centric night
if you know I mean it was more about
women or just great people who happened
to be women and also I think we really
need more autos mousy there was Kate
Nash doing you're gonna write a girl
thing there was there was get Laura dock
from screeching down the microphone in
the way I freaking love and I think what
I realized and as I was kind of standing
there watching everybody consists of
that what we really need more of when we
talk about feminism isn't really to talk
about feminism it's to start just being
diverse people and you know I think we
really need to see is just a greater
variety of how to be a woman is not so
much about making ok to be a woman now
it's a it's making you okay to be
anybody and be a woman see this is the
problem with me using this camera
because I just stick you late so much
you know there are lots of ways to be a
man in this world that's a hit she
teaches but before the last 200 years
there was very few ways to be a woman
are you staying there and you listen to
Kate Nash just lose control bouncing on
the stage where everybody around you is
also seeing that I'm a bitch I'm a lover
I'm a child I'm a mother kind of song
you could have you could have realized
that you ality is kind of hit us a
little bit like it's just it's there and
we can error and it made me kind of
think about a future where we can stop
talking about feminism which would be
great wouldn't it I think it's what some
people and forget is that you know if
you're a feminist you're trying to work
yourself out the job I didn't wanna keep
talking about this forever this isn't
you just want to keep exist utiful get
on with existing and that's what these
women were doing and for that I raised
my bra to them
