so staying the night firm your questions
are you have any questions that's really
awesome because of your quarry Asti I
made a document and documented I've do
many with documents what the questions
were now there's quite a lot of them in
fact was 10 pages of them so I've
categorized them into seven categories
and this kateri Izumi called life and
what I forgot I've got technical issues
beauty romance books uni you'll see them
all eventually as my doing them I'm
gonna work my way through and the first
one just general live questions so I
thought that'd be a good place to start
also I'm feeling a little bit serious
today so I thought this might be a good
time to answer might put the glass is a
to hipster I'm gonna have to put the
glasses on I'm sorry create life asks
what were you like as a child quite shy
as a child for a bit of it from what I
remember quite creative and look with
mental but quite shy and a little bit
introverted and what is your favorite
childhood memory
and as some of the best memories that i
have are playing on my own goft I'm
having these realizations about my
lovely that I think I might be quite an
introvert despite the fact I'm you know
I don't really have that many
inhibitions and I'm quite confident and
I'm just quite brash really quiet like
oh no I wasn't quiet though what was
what was i I was weird they used to be a
abandoned caravan at the bottom of my
garden it was kind of like overgrown and
probably had like grass like coming out
the sides of insta and and it had like
an oven that have a bed in it and stuff
and it was like cool and nice do I hang
out in there and like decorate that and
like I used to sit in the caravan a lot
and play games it was kind of like my
private area like I'm a bit of a private
person believe it or not like I like my
own space and stuff and I think that
might be a where it started because used
to play a lot of my own in that Caravan
or like in the garden I just I don't
know but I've really enjoyed it like I
forget some to myself all the time
explain loads of weird games and Stefan
I don't know but to be honest I was
quite a sociable child it was just that
like I don't know I had a lot of friends
at school or anything anybody hated me
at school as if I was in a very small
class in a very small primary school and
like I remember like like everyone I
don't remember anyone he really hated me
but and I wasn't have to play out it's
quite profound quite rough area well
suppose yeah quite a rough area that I
grew up in and all the kids would come
in like knock on my door like you
remember all the time and I felt so bad
but they'd all come knock on my door
like Oh Kathy play out and
and my own would never let me play out
because a bit dodgy area and like you
know there's a lot of all the kids as
well in London I'm kind of glad she
didn't let me play out to be honest in
the end but in my area you didn't really
like go to each other's houses and play
you wouldn't play out and Street and
like play in the area and like I wasn't
allowed so I guess that's why I was kind
of a little bit more that's yeah but my
view of my favorite and reserved playing
on my own
Wow Bambury rocks 1000 acts if you could
go back to being 12 years old again what
would you change and why actually made a
video about this not not five minutes
ago and I don't know when it's gonna go
you'll go up around this video at some
point but it's called like I'm gonna
call it something like letter to a 14
year old me or something and then you
can find out what I would say what would
your dream career be now this is a
response this is a response opportunity
for you because I'm having a life crisis
and I don't know what I want to do which
is interesting of new masters one of my
favorite things to do is write essays
and that's tragic a little bit or
socially awkward to admit but it really
is true you guys know me like you just
for fun like put some for some career
suggestions down below and I'll see what
I can do really quite lost on that
foreign which is a slight point of
anxiety for me at the moment
X Roni X pollo X ask that question do
you have siblings there's the boutique
yes I have one sibling who called Andrew
he's few younger than me and people say
we're like twins when it we know loves
it we do look people say we look the
same I don't know if we do we're about
we seem the same age if that makes any
sense but yeah anyway after his sibling
tag at some point maybe so he's not very
suitable though he has a YouTube channel
if you'd like to see it I'll link it
below would you like to get back to
acting and theatre says zine then auntie
nothing what that's all good username
likes a stage I don't know I used to
love acting in theatre needs to be in it
so much and sometimes I crave it and I
like if I have time for amateur
dramatics again I'll definitely like
jump into it if it's like serious that
my dramatic not not like a serious play
but you know trying really hard amateur
dramatics and like you know selling
tickets and being you know as
professional as possible about it
dramatics then I'd love to jump baton
into it about time the moment I'm
focusing on masters and no trying to do
other stuff in my life and not leave it
behind but like sideline it and for the
sake of other things so not right now
melon muna colorin I'm never gonna get
any of your usernames right where do you
see yourself in 10 years time
I hope I'll be a little more intelligent
I am now I hope I will watch the news I
hope that I will have a house to invite
people to that is large enough for
people to have life crisis as in will
have a hammock in my back garden I'll
have many book shelves of books that I
have actually read what is your proudest
moment that's a hard one played with
this twitting the TWiT ones yeah that's
something I'd move that proud of because
it's just so random to feel proud of it
it's such a random achievement to try
and explain to people but I felt really
proud of that and also on my gap year I
spent three months in the desert and I
survived
doing conservation project she wasn't
just stuck out by candy bar for over one
ask that seems they're gonna ask another
one what is your most complimented
physical feature people send out either
ginger like when my eyes are in the
sunlight there ginger what's your most
complimented character a personality
trait right a lot of people saying
bubbly oh that's my word people go Kathy
you're bubbly which is a talk I'm
talkative I don't know what bubbly
really means to be honest but I don't
know I am bubbly people so I'm confident
I am confident in myself but like it
doesn't mean I'm confident in every
single social situation or every single
virtue Alateen I'm not confident enough
to fly a plane there's different levels
of confidence people say I'm confident
what do you mario knows that you don't
see in yourself
oh by the way these are all from
national clocks i need to start saying
this before i ask the questions around
fashion o'clock hey
patience I'm not a patient I'm not a
patient person and I get annoyed at
people if they're stupid which is stupid
because yet knowing myself and I
actively direction I don't have I have
directions that I go in but they're not
really a direction that I have I am do
that people I know are seven people many
people who have like an unquestioning
faith in something which is not
desirable because obviously if I did
desire it I might have it at the same
time it's something I am like frequently
jealous of at the same time somebody can
say yes I definitely believe this about
the world or I definitely believe in
this God or this thing and yeah I'm
jealous of that sometimes I envy that
fifty-two pixie asks are you happy that
you started making videos on YouTube yes
do you find it hard being University
working having a fiance and tried five
times for friends and family how do you
do it I don't freaking know I I don't do
it to be honest I probably achieve it a
different degrees at different points
and then I'm not
all the scales aren't balanced I spend a
bit more time my family or has been did
a bit more time with my fiance or I
spend a bit more time on work and I'm
kind of like constantly bouncing around
these different focus points in my life
and it's never really completely
balanced for very long but I do kind of
keep moving on the focus front so that
they all kind of buoyant I can tell you
how to do that but it will only last a
day and then it will be unbalanced again
only the shortage all asks best memories
of school drama anything John art was
hilarious because he's flipped painted
so there and mess about you know like we
did loads of work in art especially
ailable
but I also used to paint the bottom my
feet and walk around the classrooms
before I was funny I love drama
I loved all the deep friendships I made
in drama because I'll tell you what
drama should be compulsory for everybody
like the close-knit groups it it
constructs like when you do it right and
the kind of team team-building is such a
stupid term but you really do need it
and like the highs and lows that you
experience trying to put on a
performance of people is invaluable and
I'm still friends of those people people
I wouldn't expect to still be friends as
like I'm still my friends know people
because of like because I was in a drama
group and we have this kind of weird
like connection is very Pokemon do you
have a role model someone who inspires
you artistically spiritually family
excluded and this from hissings think I
did a video about this one wave cloud
channel I will link it in the downbar
because I answered that there but at the
moment I would also say my lecturers
like some other lecturers I will not
even say but like they've really
inspired me to take take that leap and
do the Masters and try and focus my life
on academia because I love it and I
something that I think I might be trying
to do if that's not too cryptic having
suffered with any mental or physical
illnesses a bit personal but I think it
will be helpful to people so there's
Barry any love not not like officially
like I haven't really had depression
like I've felt so down at some points
and I've had like periods in my life
when I've just come home cried I do have
a problem with my eating like I do comfy
and if I act the way if I didn't eat the
way I eat then people probably might
detect it as some kind of pre eating
disorder sometimes because I do eat for
comfort oh it's bad yeah but I've never
had anything
and I'm really bad at spelling and I do
struggle with my spelling sometimes and
I do mix up words but I'm not you know
not facially dyslexic or anything cuz
that's a bit far out I struggle with
things but I've never been a deep
diagnosis of any like physical like
official mental or physical illness by
you know insanity is probably the
clearest the the nearest I come like I I
am been say fine I'm in control of it
I'm where which makes me not insane
maybe can you tell us about your faith
sorry if that's too personal thank you
stripey shoelaces well good well give
you know I didn't write I saw this
question I didn't want to avoid it
because I felt like that befalls and
it's the reason I'm avoiding it is
because like really hot articulate that
to you at this time I didn't want to
address it but when I can articulate it
I would like to but it's a very public
space to learn something you haven't
really worked for in your own head yet
yeah I think only not enough for now but
like watch this space know if you'd like
if you'd like to email with any personal
circumstances you have and you'd like to
have like a one-to-one conversation
about it if you're struggling with like
faith issues or I don't know you know
and then please do because it's very
hard to do some kind of public
articulation about how I feel about that
and because it's very hard to see where
everybody else is coming from so you can
relate your story to theirs will try
make them understand because you're also
different you can meet different
backgrounds and have three different
understandings but what I might have
gone through with regards to religion
and spirituality so yeah it's very hard
to say that on in a public forum of
speech because you I don't know where
you're coming from refle even like you
know actually maybe flee you understand
alright I think I can make you all
understand but have to make like 20
different videos depending on who you
wear which would be well I don't know if
I explained that but yeah I am open to
talking about it but I don't really know
how to answer about here Matt Wren says
you're one of the most inspiring people
and I just thought you should know I was
wondering how you stay so positive i
throwing data ask you really it's not
feeling very positive today I'm feeling
coy I stay positive because I know there
are two levels to mine happiness like
there is a bottom never than a top level
and like even if the bottom level is
going through something quite gritty and
like trying to choose something over
that's really horrible and like you have
to go through that like it's not it's
not something I worry about sometimes
when I'm really depressed or like
and for long periods of time I'm just
chewing something over and getting
philosophical in or about stuff like I
do have a high level and I I stopped
thinking that that high level is fake
and I've realized that like that high
level of like oh I you know I sing while
I'm working while I'm cleaning and like
I you know I smile at people all the
time and I'm like make jokes and like I
you know I go out and I do stuff with
people and I still can't function like
socially all right that's the top level
and I used to think sometimes I was
being faked because I was like how can I
get like this - don't feeling really
depressed inside and it's like two
levels - levels and neither of them
they're both me like I don't know I
think you can stay positive because that
is having an 80 positive about life and
being alive and having really little
quark sand and protons and neutrons
bouncing off each other there's
something to be innately happy about
about being alive and I can't really
explain it but I think you should always
stay in touch with that even if the
details you have a life are going wrong
and you know who you are or all your
soul searching I don't want to walk that
but like I don't know what that means
anymore I have no idea what I just said
sorry didn't really answer question I'll
try again at a few years Anna is amazing
for us
what's your favorite movie and or TV
show where we go directed by Sam Mendes
see it Julie and Julia and I also be
like the lake house and eternal spotless
mind and there is key a favorite TV show
One Tree Hill oh my god don't even start
me on a rant about how good won't really
don't even and vamp I don't - two
amazing programs that you have to stick
with and you will be rewarded tenfold my
friends water to wine B K Kate one asks
do you did you ever experience any
coming range trials and if so how do
they care and how did you respond to
them hopefully not too personal you seem
like a really mature centered compliment
positive person thank you and and it
would be intriguing to see how you were
how you got to where you are and how you
pians a comfort in your own skin thank
you and I am all of those things
sometimes but not all the time to answer
your question would take a lifetime
because I don't think
it was one event or one trial and that
may mean that maybe the kind of work in
progress where I am
there are times you know I was trying I
was part of toxic friendship groups and
um I got out for them quite
self-righteous me not so far it's about
it's kind of like do you know what
you can stop treating me like or
I'm gonna go I went and that was
something that for me that like it sent
more of a positive it wasn't really to
do with the girls because they weren't
even that bad but like it was something
that I sent messages I sent to myself
about moving away from situations that
were damaging me it was like really good
messages to myself I just made myself
sin like it's not it's something you
kind of have to do before you feel like
you have to send yourself good messages
of how you're worth it to feel like
you're worth it or that you're going
somewhere that you deserve to have a
purpose beyond school and stuff uh Denis
insecurities and the facing of those
things form those things and I've had
loads of insecurities and I have faced a
lot of them which is probably why I can
just walk up to anybody like hey hey hey
but like you always come against more
trials and more things and you can
always be more confident and I think you
realize there's never you're never gonna
reach like a ceiling of confidence or a
ceiling of what the other words use
centeredness or mature nurse or
positiveness you're never gonna reach a
ceiling where you're like I am the most
positive person now nothing can stop me
because this isn't a fictional ceiling
you will be hitting like you you just
hit one and then you'll go for it you'll
hit the next floor and the next floor
and the next floor and like I am a
confident person but life throws stuff
for you that makes you knocking down a
peg but it makes you go right actually
this is a new challenge so I need to be
more confident or I need to be more
mature or more more centered and it's
just never going to end
Oh more rants again I don't know if I
answered your question but at least I
talked a lot thank you for listening I
hope that answered some of your
questions I will answer a lot more and
try to add some more so listen out for
your question and I was thinking in a
video bye
