hello my name is Lena norms welcome back
to Jessica's my frog and today we're
talking publishing finally the book
publishing industry publishing is huge
nebulous beast of an industry I've been
in for the last five years and I've
really loved it it's an industry
that I didn't always think I'd have
access to and it's also an industry that
I didn't always think that I would enjoy
this series of sporadic and semi planned
videos are intended to answer all of the
questions you guys have asked me over
the years about publishing they're in no
ways gonna be definitive they are simply
what I have picked up and learned and
done in publishing so far but some
perspective is better than no
perspective and I don't actually see
that much video content around getting
into publishing online so I thought this
could be useful now before you watch a
whole bloody series on how to get into
publishing or what Publishing's like you
might be wondering Lena why the hell
would I want to be in publishing now
that is a whole other video but in short
publishing is exciting for me because
books are still the cheapest way that
you can get stories to audiences you
don't need a nor an auditorium you don't
need actors as far as buying one
physical object is it's the highest
ratio of depth and time you can get from
a piece of art compared to its price in
its physical form it's becoming one of
the last ways that you can stay away
from a screen and really exercise your
brain while still interacting with art
and on top of that I don't if you've
noticed most bloody films that are good
these days are based on books books at
the beginning of stories they're often
the place that good ideas start and
they're also sometimes the ways that
people who have done new research can
get their research out to a wider public
that isn't academic of it it's also a
really interesting industry because it's
not like working in any other media
industry in some ways it's quite
traditional a lot of the marketing can
be quite word-of-mouth based and I don't
know liminal and it's different from and
it's different from newspapers which I
have worked in as well because it's not
this immediate day-to-day quick what's
clickbait what's going to be fast what's
happening now quick report it it's like
this slow gratitude slow burn way of
putting a book together and it takes a
long time to put a mark
in campaign or a publicity campaign
together takes a long time to write a
book takes a long time to edit a book
and it also takes the general public a
long time to love a book sometimes and
that's what I find interesting is it's
also the long-term benefits for a
society of having a book out there and
when a society discover it I think about
any other industry it's so driven by the
people who love it in the book sellers
who love it and the readers who love it
and you can put a lot behind a marketing
campaign but if it isn't a good thing
it's not gonna reach that many people
and I don't know I also just love how
much time people have to invest in a
book and it's kind of a crazy amount of
time in this very immediate world and
that people still want to put into
listening to one character or one story
and also because it's so immersive I
think you can change people's minds
easier with books because you have to
spend so long in somebody else's head
and somebody else's point of view I
think it's the best way it's the fastest
way that you can encourage empathy in a
society anyway going off there I'm going
I need to calm down today we're working
through some ways I have devised that I
have used myself and that I think you
could use to find out whether working in
book publishing is for you number one
and I did this when I lived back in
Coventry when I was thinking like maybe
book publishing is for me and it felt
impossible and there was a big rumor
going around my university there was
absolutely impossible and you know
nobody got into it nobody seemed to know
anyone who was in it I went through all
the books they owned and I often bought
books some charity shops back then and I
had this big mismatch of stuff that I'd
studied the university stuff I'd had
from school stuff that I'd borrowed from
people stuff I'd stolen from people I
went through and I organized them by
publisher this meant I could see what
somebody was publishing how their logos
had changed over the years the type of
stuff they published what formats they
published in and I really enjoyed it I
really enjoyed going oh that's what I
Ryan do baragas logos have really
changed over the years I see what
they're trying to do with that book
design it's very interesting and oh I
think I love that publisher the most
because they publish the most amount of
books that I own that I love grab your
books look at this little logo here read
what it says on this rights page and
organize your books that way here's an
icon book here's a penguin book you get
the idea if that bores you and doesn't
excite you might be a
na-na-na-na-na-na-na number to read
three books from different genres you
don't like everybody else their own
genres there's your honors that they're
like yeah I want to go to that Isle of
magical realism
I love crime
I love nonfiction I love sci-fi and
fantasy pick three books maybe they're
bestsellers maybe they're obscure from
genres that aren't yours you might hate
them you might have never tried them
before but pick three books read them
the whole way through was that painful
or interesting doesn't have to have been
enjoyable what's interesting a lot of
book publishing it especially in your
first few jobs you're gonna be working
on books that you might not necessarily
by yourself but you should take an
interest in them anyway taking an
interest in them doesn't mean that you
have to be captivated or changed by them
but it should be an interesting
experience for you and you should be
able to imagine who might buy that book
and how to get to them if that was
painful maybe not
number three spend 20 minutes on the
book seller website are you bored the
bookseller website is our industry
magazine they also have a physical
edition that comes out every week
because of that much news in publishing
because there's go exactly some of the
articles are behind a paywall but lots
are free spend 20 minutes reading some
of those articles they're sometimes
about authors they're sometimes about
acquisitions they could be about
publishing houses changing hands they
could be about innovations that
happening in the industry they could be
about campaigns that certain imprints
are running if you are bored after 20
minutes of reading those maybe now la la
la la number four go to some free book
events in your area if it was good did
you come back with butterflies in your
stomach did you come away feeling
different did you come away wanting to
read more of that authors work if it was
 did you feel galvanized to change
it did you have lots of ideas of how it
could be done better
congratulations you should work in book
publishing if you came away just a bit
bored a bit apathetic maybe not maybe
not and the bonus round number five if
you can become a bookseller being a
bookseller I worked at waterstones
and was a really big way that I was like
this is really interesting I always
wanted to read the blurbs of books from
every section I love talking to people
about books finding out why somebody is
buying a book at the tail being like oh
let me to choose this one finding out
how but to persuade somebody to buy a
book watching which book sold and which
books didn't and guessing and
understanding why understanding shelving
sections understanding what the
zeitgeist was and what people were
genuinely coming in to look for and ask
for that made me realize that I was not
just interested in reading but I was
interests
in the practice of making books this is
a bonus round because while there are
lots and lots of new independent book
shops opening which is really exciting
there have been a lot that have closed
over the years so I know it's hard to
find a bookshop to work in and sometimes
there's not very many places if you
can't find a job in a bookshop even if
you're just working four hours a week
and I would suggest volunteering in an
Oxfam especially if you have an Oxfam
bookshop near you or another kind of
charity bookshop you can still learn
about reading habits I always find it
really interesting to see which books
recurringly turn up in charity shops
because they're either the books that
everybody thought they loved and just
gave away all the other books that
everybody loves and that's why there's
so many of them in circulation working
out which one it is is a game in itself
but yeah I would really suggest that
okay they are my five things they're my
five suggestions and let me know if you
guys have any other ones that you want
to try or maybe working but publishing
and have tried in the comments below I
will be doing lots of other videos and
publishing so please leave your
questions below thank you for watching
frog snog out
