putting lotion on every and shoe can you
give me such an impression I surrender
hey everyone and today I'm doing a video
of meaning city for ages and it's on one
of my favorite brands soap & Glory
now you're probably bored of hearing
about them but I thought I'd just do
this video as a be Lauren and all I can
just get album a system I can have my
rave about them I can look like I can
get out all my worries of the products
and yeah then hopefully you won't be
playing to buy my obsession with them
forever well you probably will be anyway
this is my encyclopedic Minds like the
peanut guide to hip and glory having all
the products that I own right here
mainly because I live in two places
because I'm a student and it's really
confusing I've got a lot of them and
I'll try and reference the ones I have
with me a little bit can I just say
before I start I really value certain
glory the company I think I think their
aesthetic is amazing I think their
products are really quality I don't
think they're completely overpriced and
they're a little bit more than your
average like boots own kind of deal but
then I wouldn't call them overpriced in
any way the animal testing policies I've
talked about before I really respect and
just generally I just love them as
company I think they're really
conversational and they talk to their
customers a lot and I love their work
today and the biggest thing I'd
recommend us to go into boots and buy
them for a fact about 50% the time
they're on 350 so that's always a great
time to like try a few products out why
they make minis of a lot of the products
I'm talking about as well and so if
you're not too sure you can go and buy
one mini ones for like two pound 15 and
also at Christmas which is where a lot
of this stuff came from and they do big
gift boxes in which they have probably
about 10 or 15 products and you can buy
them for and like a massively discounted
price so if the first thing I'm gonna
start with shower products the first one
is a very very famous one and beauty
crush has talked about quite a lot it's
that keen on me which is their shower
gel and this is lovely I love the
packaging
huge and for the price you pay that is a
lot I had this from Christmas was it
Christmas January I had this from about
December time last year and I still have
some left but obviously I don't use it
all the time but I have used it at least
twice a week and it's crazy how long it
lasts in terms of quality
it's just shower gel like I'm not a
massive shower gel connoisseur so I just
say what is just shower gel so it would
be quite a luxury if you really like
this open glory smell if you don't know
they have this signature smell which is
like and it's in a lot of their products
and a lot of them have that kind of
theme of smell even if then it's mom
saying they have that theme of smell and
say this is the kind of signature
soaking Florrie smell and so if you love
that you'll love this next we'll talk
about hair stuff I've got there at GLAAD
hair day shampoo and conditioner and the
shampoo is really good it makes your
hair really light so if you like kind of
shampoo that's it's not completely
conditioning but it does make your hair
really like poo and light as air so I
really really liked this and I wasn't
taking on the smell actually this one
smells more of like grapefruit and stuff
I think which I wasn't too like mmm
about so that was a bit of a
disappointment but I'm I was really
impressed with the quality and it really
improved the condition of my hair even
my hairdresser was like have you been
using different shampoo another gear for
help this is the conditioner and I
realize the conditioner is also quite
lightweight so gave quite a nice gloss
to my hair and made it quite light it's
just a basic conditioner really I
wouldn't say it's like wow but it is the
basic nish net and I really quite like
it however this one hair supply hair
supply this is my favorite conditioner
I've ever tried ever I'll be
repurchasing this thing when I am in an
old folks home this is like the
signature soap & Glory smell but better
like it's literally intensified it's
more creamy it's just the best smell in
the world
it's a really really thick kind of
texture because it also doubles as a
hair mask once a week I leave this on in
my hair for maybe 2 or 3 minutes and it
makes my hair so much better it really
protects my damaged hair because of the
whole dying thing it makes your hair so
soft and you feel so protected but it
doesn't weigh it down sometimes when I
use a hair treatment it just really
weighs down my hair and its really true
you won't feel the weight in this
conditioner it's then I've got to
body scrubbed I'm using them as the
moment to get away from my cellulite
it's running after me but I'm running
faster
the first one is their famous one which
is flake away you can get this in mini
as well if you want to try it this is a
sheer butter sugar and peach seed powder
ahh body polish oh and this smells like
heaven it is oh you just if you're
having a bad day just give yourself a
scrub this is oh oh this this stuff
makes my day I love it and it's it's a
really really creamy texture and it gets
into your skin really Wallach slowly
it's amazingly a little goes a very very
long way and it's just you'll be living
in the lap of luxury if you have flake
away absolutely of it the other scope
they have is their breakfast scrub now
not ever really like this I really
really like it but it's not for
everybody I've recommended to a few
people and some people from that to me
in me like wow I love in and some people
combat remember like mmm because of the
smell it's a very very very strong smell
it smells like maple syrup I love maple
syrup I would love to have maple syrup
loves to live my body I love the smell
so I wouldn't buy it unless she really
really liked maple syrup but as I do
it's got oatmeal in it as well so I love
the kind of like breakfast theme to it
laughing wooden talked about in regards
to the shower section and is this and
it's the shave gel now they do have a
men's range
natan also fee at the products and he
really likes them but i have the shave
gel I've reiterated this in several
videos but do not be afraid to go to the
men's section not only about being a man
or a woman it's about shaving and if you
shave then you can use shave gel like I
don't really care if it's in the men's
section
this is excellent it's almost gone I
hardly have any left and this is like
just a really smooth okay it has a man
smell but whatever it's a really really
smooth goes a long way very clear
beautiful gel that you can shave your
legs with I love the retro packaging so
yeah if you haven't you passing the
men's R&C you said man glory don't don't
turn it away okay under face products
and I don't think we can go any further
without mentioning the thing that I just
can't stop mentioning soap and glory
scrub your nose in it I've done a whole
separate review on this that I will link
below I'm still in love with this has
been about a year and a half it's the
only thing I use on my face it also
doubles as a mask and the microbeads are
really really tiny but really fair and
it's got this kind of minty feel to it
which I absolutely love and it's just
the only square by a bee
as far as moisturizers go I did have a
wrinkle in time which is an excellent
moisturizer
it smells like Terry's chocolate orange
and I miss it a lot it's really non
greasy it really melts at your skin and
I really recommend it and however
because of the summer and I didn't
repurchase that one this time I
repurchased and feelgood factor and
which is a moisturizer they have with
SPF 25 - I was using this the whole
summer and it was a really good
moisturizer it's a little bit greasy for
me actually to be honest like it's not
any other soaking blowing moisturizers
I've tried it's a little bit sits on
your skin for a few minutes before you
can make function I have the kind of
soap & Glory smell to it but it's also
kind of fruity and I'm not a fan of the
whole fruity thing I just don't really
like the smell of it at all so as much
as I don't mind it and I'll keep using
it I don't think I'll be repurchasing
exit it's just not my favorite product I
also have their make yourself youthful
don't you just love all the days this is
the make yourself you call rejuvenating
face serum and this is really nice to
your skin I kind of put it on after my
toner but before my moisturizer and it's
really kind of like sinks in makes your
skin softer I think however as far as
aging properties go I really can't vouch
because obviously I'm only 21 and I
won't be having proper wrinkles for a
really long time so I can't I kind of
put this on in the hope but it all
stopped my wrinkles already no but it's
a nice product it's not like an
essential if you've got a bit of spare
money it's it smells like Terry's
chocolate orange it's just it's a really
pleasant products to have but it's not
an essential it's dis just quite nice
however speaking of essentials and the
existence of them and super eyes super
eyes oh my gosh it's kind of clear gel
that you can pat very lightly very
lightly if you've heard in my other
videos and combate it under your eyes
and it gives you a kind of like boom
like get to lectures
stop thinking about your hangover kind
of food and I haven't found a product
like it in any other range it's a really
original idea and it's just it's just an
amazing eye serum if you suffer from
really tired eyes and like bags and
you're not very good at sleeping like
I'd really recommend this as well as
like looking after the really delicate
skin under your eyes it just gives you
that kind of boom in the morning that
you need to be like mmm yeah super icy
fries get it for prime prime speaking of
right products I also have and I also
have the Phil Monte and I
cream I was basically terrified into
buying this because I was watching a
YouTube mom was our robots and was
watching member was a robot and she had
this massive and skincare video about
how she's kept so young and she was like
35 and she looks amazingly she like she
looks like 18 and she was like you must
start now I've been sitting here all of
my life you must start now and I was
like ahhh so I ran to be and I bought
some anti-wrinkle cream and I don't use
it all the time anymore because I'm lazy
but I do absolutely love this what's
amazing about this under-eye cream is
that it's one of the things where you
think oh I don't have wrinkles no I
don't have wrinkles and then you put it
under your eyes you like wow I had
wrinkles because no it looks better like
it is literally fills in your wrinkles
which is a really really weird thing to
say but genuinely instantly you will see
a difference or what I say I see a
difference it doesn't really have a
sense so if you're somebody who's
worrying about that it's a really nice
packaging it's like proper glass kind of
little jar I think it's a really cute
product to have especially if you're
worrying about wrinkles possibly if
you're little older than me because I
think I'm still bit young to be using
wrinkle cream but hey oh my laughter
line I also have sexy mother pucker lip
glosses in both the peach and the pink
colors and which are downstairs I think
but I I'm not much point in me doing
review on them cuz I'm okay I'll turn it
up ivory like this now
cocoa butter really really nice I hate
the texture really sticky horrible but
that's just lip gloss in general I'm not
a lipgloss person if you're a lipgloss
person you'll love it it's really
plumping it's great but and as you're
probably aware so from glory of start
making makeup and and this is one of the
first things I bought from their makeup
range it's called solar powder and it
looks like this you've probably knit in
a few of my favorites probably and a
tutorial but I'll show you anyway it's
got highlights side and a darker side
the darker sides are really good doesn't
have a very orange tone to it and so
it's really good if you've got really
pale skin because obviously the colors
like that show up very very badly so I
really recommend this kit it's more of
like a charcoal II kind of brown and
also the shimmer is really beautiful
it's like the most subtle shimmer ever
seen so it's really nice to kind of mix
them or just use the matte side or the
shimmer side and I really like it please
to have an indent of S&J which was
really cool and it came with this kind
of like purple powder of the S&G it was
it oh it was iridescent Lee amazing
and it comes with a brush in the back
they don't really use it's kind of like
yeah it's like those boots you are
brushes you get in brushes like people
never use them but they're always there
and so that's a nice little compartment
to have anyway and but yeah this is a
really nice one so I really recommend I
really really recommend it I've really
got about talking blue yeah so that's my
little brand overview of soap & Glory
and I hope you enjoyed it if I was gonna
recommend you things to definitely
definitely try out like my three free
products our scrub your nose in it
excellent excellent for your skin one of
the scrubs because I really rethink
their quality and amazing either flake
away or breakfast scrub depending on
your preference of smell and the hair
mask
I think the hair mask is something not
to be missed yeah and thank you for
touring me and watching and I will see
very soon bye
