good evening I kind of excited about
doing this video but I'm actually also a
bit nervous because this video means so
much to me it's not like I'm reviewing a
lipstick here this is serious this is
something I want to get right and that's
why I haven't done it for it's even
having a privacy to do it for age it's
maybe for me if you made notes on it
imagine if I made notes like this about
my lecture but look how tiny they are I
possibly have a bit minor OCD about the
things that I do and why I do them like
literally to know why I do everything a
why I'm at university and why why I live
in Aberystwyth and why I why I go to
these clubs and why I don't go to these
clubs and why I'm working at this place
and not this place and I just need to
know why I'm doing this laughs and I
think it's good because it means to feel
like things have thought through it if I
have doubts about why I'm go somewhere I
get up and I'm like I really don't want
to go that I know that there is an
interpreter reason why I'm why I'm going
so yeah there's color bothers me because
makeup is one of the things that
sometimes I don't know why I do and even
when I do know how I do it I don't think
under people understand why it's so
important to me and why I sometimes get
a little bit excited about it and with
other people don't I've grown up I think
media helps you grow up wanting to be
beautiful but not wanting to be
superficial about it maybe was the books
I read in the TV shows I personally
loved and people who wore makeup were
cheerleaders people who wore makeup for
a little bit plastic and a little bit
secure I don't feel like um any of those
things so I'm definitely not cheerleader
although that would be so cool but I
still really enjoy it and I don't feel
bad for that anymore because I think
I've realized why and I just wanted to
share that with you and if anybody else
has got its kind of conflict because I
know I know well deep people but the
things we're doing are quite shallow but
they're really fun I know if anybody I
need a little bit more fun in my life
I'm reading James Joyce this week that's
again bad yesterday I went to varsity
and I read a whole book on a guy who was
dying of AIDS and it was really graphic
and it was really sad and you went all
the emotions about his family and it was
just so upsetting and it was so nice to
be able to come home take out a lipstick
I just bought and have a look play
around and have a little kind of
artistic shimmy around my bathroom just
trying on makeup and somehow relying on
my senses rather than my brain and
what's the meaning of life and why do
bad things happen and all these kind of
like really intricate things so
especially the degree like my own worry
about structure ism
and the reasons behind humanity it's
really nice to be able to come home and
be like that I shadow feels nice and it
looks nice and there is nothing more to
it than that
I think there's two types of makeup does
make it we put on his makeup we put on
so we can create beauty and there's
makeup we use so that we can create
perfection I think they're very
different things whether you can't leave
the house of that makeup because I make
I'm wearing makeup now because I did a
half an hour ago because waiting for
Glee to buff on the Internet
but I have been wearing makeup all day
and I went I will rent out a number
bananas like with no makeup on and it
care and it's not a great deep v
humanity changed by bananas lightening
makeup on but so yeah it depends it for
aiming for perfection or we're into the
beauty because we have very different
things and I was actually on I'm looking
into the philosophy of beauty and how
people have thought about beating you
throughout history and it's a really
really interesting find a Greek
philosopher I think is known and
plotinus but he said and beauty is that
which radiates symmetry rather than
symmetry itself I misread this when I
first found it and I'm actually glad I
did because I think I agree with my miss
reading definition more I read Beauty is
that which eradicate symmetry rather
than symmetry itself so and I think
that's what I think that's what natural
beauty is because I find beautiful I'm
are not symmetrical there's so many
reflections of it in nature like yin and
yang and like from now you know the
whole reproductive organs thing as
opposites attract and create something
new but that be geographic about that so
many different things in nature depend
on opposites working together and I
think that symmetry and perfection and
preciseness are not things like aim for
when I thought a makeup so if perfection
is a form of symmetry and beauty is a
form of opinion then where does that
leave us and surely is just as moral to
try and create beauty as it is to
recognize it but if if you can say that
painting is beautiful would it be
shallow to create the painting Emerson
said and love of beauty of taste the
creation of beauty is art if beauty and
makeup is art is are we really striving
to create perfection and falseness or
are we actually striving to make
something
beautiful and artistic and expressive
and then then it comes to the thing of
right okay so if you do art and we
trying to create something beautiful and
not something perfect why do we need to
use a concealer and Foundation and stuff
like that well then then it's getting to
the bait are you trying to put on
concealer so that people don't know that
you have puffy eyes and that people
don't know that you have discoloration
on your skin or are you putting that on
so that referring a blank canvas for
ourselves so that we can actually form
our own kind of things about our faith I
think a lot a lot of his argument is to
do with forming things one of my
original arguments when I was about 12
about not my moral high-ground I don't
wear a makeup was because I was like no
this is the way my face is this is where
I was born I'm not gonna hide that this
is who I am
whoa wait a minute how is the way I'm
born Who I am
imagine if I said that about my
personality if I said to you well I was
born selfish and I was born hungry and I
was born demanding like all toddlers are
essentially and I can't change that I
like I hate that well gosh oh no angry
and I hate that Marilyn Monroe quote
that lowey's people put on their
Facebook and it really winds me up like
complete paraphrase but it something
like I am rude I'm obnoxious I'm selfish
I say silly things to silly people but
if you don't love me at my worst you
don't serve me at my best
now for me that's just an excuse for
people to be rude and people to be mean
because I'm sorry if you don't treat
people in the best way that you can you
are not entitled to anything back up to
me that instead of trying to self
improve yourself and realize what's
wrong and realize what's abusive in your
personality you are trying to you're
accepting that part of you and saying
that you're not going to change it for
anyone if you have a mean streak in your
personality which I definitely do I
think everybody does maybe it's with me
would you wouldn't you want to change
that did you can accept that as part of
who you are like I'm a really massive
believer in people forming their own
personalities there is a certain age of
you take responsibility for your
personality and you format yourself so
it's not like people are like Oh Cathy
you'll say bubbly and Kathy or so and
you're so caring and you're so accepting
of people and it's like what I wasn't
born like that you don't need to like
this is they say it like it's something
make
do or they can't achieve they can't be
nice to people like I can and there's
like you can be nice to everyone you
just have to choose to do it it's not
it's not something I was born with it's
not and I'm not nice to people all the
time you know and sometimes I'm a bit
like they say it like it's something
unattainable like it's my haircut I
wasn't thing like oh and it's like
anybody can have any personality traits
that they want as long as they choose
that and I feel like the way I am now is
some way I have observed how other
people are and seen what I've seen there
are normal people and you know what I
don't like in people and I've tried to
mold myself around that and and choose
and create my own personality if you
know I mean then you take a breath I
don't know I just so getting back to the
point if personality is malleable if
it's if it's flubber then surely so can
our appearances be right if this is the
way that I was born it doesn't mean that
I used to be the way I stay it's just
because I was born with my lips
why don't when I kind of have them read
today what's the problem thank you I'm
not deceiving anyone I am I am it's like
I've got a boob job everybody knows that
my nips lined up color isn't real I
think it's what Aristotle course the
golden mean I don't who noticed I think
I have mentioned it videos but I'm
really really interested by this notion
of the signs and signifiers of like
visual language and life in general like
the stuff that we don't say but we mean
in language visual language is really
really important and I know some people
say I don't care America clothes I don't
care people think and people who can't
people think I'm really insecure and
shallow I actually care what people
think because you're always going to
think something about somebody wherever
you see them you people people are going
to think something about you and I want
what I look like to reflect what is
inside rather than well in trying to
like not express it and be like well
it's your problem if you're judgmental
Humanity is judgmental and I can't
change that
I want me to judge me in the right way
when they see me I wanted to know in
some way what I'm about and what I'm not
about by the way I look good example of
that is love you say they don't care
people think we're a lot of band
t-shirts the fact they won no they want
people to know what who they are by
their clothes because they won't they
will be able to know who they're in
they wanna know what they're about and
who their favorite bands are I'm gonna
be able to see that I'm I look friendly
and I look presentable and I look I
personally can talk to you and I didn't
talk to you threatening I look kind of
by creative I want people to know that
I'm creative I want people to know that
I have taken time in the morning for
myself because I value myself I want
people to know that I value myself
enough to clean my face and to brush my
hair and know like with this that I like
vintage things and that I want to allude
to things but there's also a interesting
like and where our customs of makeup
originated from all the kind of rituals
of makeup why the that I say if I was
wearing this not now and people might be
me I'm a prostitute because in those
days this is the kind of thing that
prostitutes gave I think that kind of
really bold lip and they're like heavy
eyeliner people who think whoa she's not
Fela nice olive you know like um the
1800 Steph people like women would bite
their lives and so they go more red
because it's kind of alludes to when
women have orgasms and and red cheeks
because they want people to feel like
they're embarrassed and modest
whereas now a red red lip doesn't mean
an orgasm or it doesn't mean that you're
a prostitute kind of its kind of
throwback to kind of like 50s styles and
it alludes to like famous archaic icons
in movies and stuff like that
maybe the red lipstick also stairs I'm
not afraid to stand out it also may be
says that I'm not afraid of my own
sexuality I'm not afraid to be a sexual
being maybe it says that I like all
movies I don't know I am quite a
relational person and I do care about
relating to other people because one of
my favorite things to do so I want to
make sure that I relate to people in the
right ways
so this makeup is creativity there's
makeup as signs and signifiers for the
people there's also escapology makeup
stuff you use to escape from from the
hard stuff in life like I said I came
back from that cafe yesterday and it
made me feel really good to just rely on
my bodily senses and to just appreciate
really small things like the tone of a
color or the texture of an eyeshadow and
rather than really massive things going
on somewhere in the back of my head
about the meaning of life and and the
cruelty of humanity and and like and
what is really truth anyway
stuff like that I just needed to you
from and just be just be em just be a
body for a while is their play and
reading at the moment called the rover
for my 18th century and restoration
literature module there's enough room
for now reading the rover and written a
quote actually they're having like a
really bad time but something only about
men and then in Helena says and come put
off this dole humor with your Clinton's
just shimmies her friend into the room
is like let's get dressed for a pie we
could feel sad and then I think I think
makeups also a ritual between girls and
boys sometimes but like generally every
a ritual between girls looking at girls
share staff and they help each other out
and I know the beauty community on here
is really really cool and people really
care and like I'm sure like if I made
some friends somebody on YouTube to do
with makeup and then I was having
problems I'm sure they wouldn't care
talking to me I wasn't do with makeup
because they're actually caring people
as well and like maybe makeups away into
re relating together and maybe there's
girls out there I probably don't have
that much in common with to begin with
if we were just put in a room so just
talk we'd be like well I don't really
with stuff like makeup which is just you
know part of what we could have in
common and it kind of starts a
conversation it's through that that you
discover other people's opinions and
other people's way of relating those
opinions to you life and people's
attitudes to money and people's
attitudes to beauty and you know how
they think about themselves and that's
really important so you can like be with
your friends that you've had for years
and you can put your makeup together and
you really look really pretty in that or
I don't see this but you really sleep
that I know it's not an ideal universe
where you have to tell people that were
friendly or you have to use
cosmetic things to relate to people
what's the kind of universe we live and
I think we are although I disagree I did
from each other
and I think maybe make up along with a
lot of other things like books and music
and films are ways to combat that in
their ways their ways in their ways into
other people and their ways into
yourself and that's why I feel good now
about using makeup and spending time on
it because I'm in vertically spending
time with myself and spending time with
other people when I'm doing it really
cool quote that I have had for ages and
I write everywhere because I love it
and is I don't even know who it's by I
just found it when I was like see that
searching beauty quotes or fashion
quotes or something and I was trying to
fire kitchen our quotes probably pretty
it's something you were born with but
beautiful that is an equal-opportunity
objective yeah there are people who are
naturally pretty and naturally
symmetrical and naturally have nice skin
but beautiful is interpretivist I mean
you decide and you make so go and decide
what you like and go and make it make
yourself it and do the personalities are
like decide who you want to be make
yourself like that because I don't think
it's impossible I think it's actually
quite doable and it's something we all
have an opportunity to do thanks for
watching I hope this has been helpful
yeah I'd love i'd love tap or
discussions about this because if you
can't tell I love talking about it if
you want to leave comments that'd be
really cool because then we can talk
about it or you can inbox me about it
that'll be quite personal
