hello so I'm a student at a pristine
birthday I'm meaning to not it's exam
time so I had to get all these babies
out anyway but I thought as I got the
mat out I might as well talk you through
some of them and maybe you're seeing
this you want to study English maybe
you're seeing this and you want to find
out what some good book who are bad
books the edge wanting to share these
are my thoughts on some of the books I'd
be made to read this year and it's quite
a lot of them yeah it goes beyond the
camera yeah oh there we go
um it's not all of them because
generally sometimes when I don't like a
book I will just lose it I want to say
it's subconscious I guess you could call
this my books haul and the questions you
might ask is how much did always book
cost and I'd say quite a lot of money
and they didn't sell up months and then
I got a secondhand generally literature
degrees are quite expensive so expect
that okay okay this was one of my
favorites this book is by Jackie Kay
it's called trumpet I'd study at my
contemporary literature module and it
was so good so good I absolutely loved
it and it was a lot of cool to read in
anyway
this is Jackie Kay here okay so on a
scale of 1 to scary she's pretty scary
but she just worked really really good
books based on a true story is about a
jazz player a really passionate jazz
player dies and the book starts when he
has died and and basically when they're
doing the autopsy on him and it turns
out he's a woman I know I know and know
how it sounds
but this was almost in group moving
books I've ever read and basically know
being you had an adopted son and who
didn't know his wife obviously knew
obviously in the hands of the media this
would be already be scandalous story and
a block but in the hands of Jackie K
actually really really moving you'd
expect the main character to be a one
with all the flaws and all the weird
psychological the it's actually cleverly
every single other character um he's a
little bit jumbled and a little bit
confusing there around like headless
chickens but when you hear any reports
of jaws the trumpet player he's actually
the most kind of level-headed person in
the book it's a really good discussion
if you want to talk about gender and
society constraints and stuff like that
and I genuinely really enjoyed it buy it
buy a now no Bank Abby I know I love
doing Austin by she's it's okay I
haven't read it yet I will read it on to
you or think of it I I think she's so
funny
I just think she takes her hyung time to
be funny
she's not like Michael McIntyre bash
she's like I'm gonna be funny eventually
and she is she's really funny but I I'll
read it
I really and I love this play it's
really short it's really snappy there's
no massive massive emotional turmoil
there's no hard concepts to get it's
just mistaken identity funny
circumstances quaint Victorian phrases
and wittiness and it's really cool and
short and no nor themselves another slow
mover is kind of like Jane Austen
without the fun yay
very poignant poems and my favorite poem
ever is called okay actually a book
based on it called walking naked which
actually really good book I think I've
read he was about 13 and a really helped
me develop as a person that poem just
just that poem hook at the front of this
book this is the ugliest thing I've ever
seen you're on good time you're on good
pan yeah but the story had to read now
it's called and the secret shopper it's
entertaining quaint short you notice we
put the word short is coming
been a lot of my positive recommendation
it's about duple Gaia's and like
alternate alternate selves and that kind
of gets really interesting is I was cool
this is the passion by Jeanette
Winterson I personally didn't enjoy the
passion and it was a slightly confusing
there was love characters and there was
a certain level of background knowledge
you'd have to have about French
Revolution I just don't have don't buy
this my seminar tutor hates it it's
called sugar inflate and it's by
Charlotte Williams and basically it's
her moaning the whole waiting of the
book which is quite a substantial amount
of moaning about the fact that she's
from the Caribbean and Wales at the same
time which should be fine it was a plot
line right up to like here and then I
was like hmm I wonder if anything
actually happen in this book
now I still there's nothing nothing has
happened has it she lives in Bangor was
just kind of crazy so then he this is
apparently really good but I didn't
finish it because it was so long and I'm
so stressed there's so many cat doesn't
just move through so many different ages
and generations and it was my style of
book and by yeah the beach oh my gosh I
used to love the film now I hate the
film because I've read this
can I really enjoying train rides and
like being really happy in your little
you know small leg space but you're fine
and just doing their bit of dirty when
no but you're okay and then some just a
shoe on first class one day and you're
like so this is what the world really
looks like that's what the reading this
book is like it's like knowing what he
actually intended the book to be like
and you'll never want to look at
Leonardo DiCaprio in swimming trunks
ever again and really really really good
such an adventure really short even
that's quite long really short choppy
and chapters loved it loved it loved it
loved it loved it and it really really
may want to if you're if you're into
travel and you're into like traveling
and exploring and stuff
it makes you want to travel a lot even
though the whole book supposed to be a
commentary on how ridiculous traveling
is I don't care
Alex it makes me want to travel failed
I'm actually doing some illustrations on
my blog for this book at the moment and
for my art because I really liked it and
I loved the themes in it and if you're
one for watching the news and if you're
really interested on the 9/11 stuff that
went on and all the stuff that's still
going on the contention between east and
west and Islam and Americans and stuff
like that is really really good it's
like my favorite book on the course I
think yeah it's probably my favorite
book for the course and and its really
simply written but really charming at
the same time and not you don't get a
lot of texts lepage either so you feel
like you read lobelia not and just yeah
it's called The Reluctant Fundamentalist
and it's by Machine motion motion
man-made mushroom hameed mushroom
mushroom it's about a guy who moves to
America from the east and he goes to
like Princeton and he gets into a really
good business gets consumed by the
American dream and he falls in love with
a big-breasted lovely really lovely
actually a American girly liberal master
and then the two towers for tension and
tension between the cultures and lives
are you here to believe in it Gallinger
oh so hot break me good I learned
something about myself when I read this
book I do not like medieval literature
it doesn't like me we're not for each
other we don't go plays without 20 at
whoa was so teen I phoned Hayes he'd
ruin and the bishop starti then then to
bride I did say you know much
filamentous in my favor book that this
is actually probably my favorite book if
you used to learn fairy tales when
you're little and you love the way fairy
tales are like told and
red and like you love really really rich
language and like loads of imagery and
you can like displace yourself from
reality this is your book it's called
elementals and it's by AS Byatt
and and the state aspects weapons loads
of really small fairytales called that
cold and Philomena and crocodile tears
and they're all really beautiful some of
them aren't certain fairytale settings
but they're told like fairy tales
forever and they're really heartbreaking
or really really fun and joyous and
there's a lot of like debate you cab oh
that's oh so yeah and that was my little
book haul review thing if you've read
any books or you'd like to and or you've
got any more questions about studying
English or if you studied English you're
like hey I through those books comment
and epiphany David
