okay so it's golden hour here at
Greenbelt festival I got a beer I got
some grass I believe there is a common
good themed Kaley going on somewhere in
the background I wanted to talk to you
about something I learned today I always
learned so much at least of all
sometimes it's people I meet and
sometimes it's just like words for ideas
and one of the words that I learned from
a theologian and hot pants
I'll find out her name and I put it in
the description if I had to go and I had
to go up to at the end and ask how to
what that phrase was called when she was
talking about it so I was like I need
that phrase in my life so it's called
the Overton Window anything is a good
thing to listen to your haters
I don't let's not do that but I have
been trying to think more deeply about
the kind of criticisms that come my way
or at least come at the way of people
like me because I'm trying to get out of
my echo chamber I'm trying to listen to
the other side of narratives and
understand at least how they think like
that and it's led me down a lot of
right-wing holes I think in the internet
and on TV and I've really struggled with
here at the festival there's a whole
tent and all day program all day every
day about the Islamic faith and how that
intersects with Christianity
how that intersects with the rest of the
world and there's lots of like really
cool like I went to a theatre thing
today how the Quran and the Bible and
the stories within them like cross over
it's really really interesting this
theologian was talking about this theory
that I think CS Lewis talked about where
there's two people standing and looking
at a mountain but when they're standing
even if they're standing next to each
other they see the mountain a little bit
differently so they can have a
conversation where they're like well I
see the mountain like this and the other
person will say well that's nice but I
see the mountain like this the further
away you're standing from that person
the less likely you are gonna be able to
link their description of the mountain
with what you're seeing from where
you're standing going down rabbit holes
of what other people think is a good way
to understand where you might be in
relation to the mountain but what the
theologian was talking was about this
thing called the Overton Window where
it's what you consider changing your
mind on so you sit here and there's like
some beliefs here and there's some
beliefs here and these the ones that you
might be able to be swayed
find a tree because people are watching
me and I just could what I got from that
was that maybe the most effective thing
isn't always constantly to be getting in
the mind of my enemies although while
that's a good thing
focusing all my energy on trying to
understand the absolute opposite point
of view it might not be the way forward
it's also about trying to understand the
people who are next to you the people
who are maybe one step further away from
your beliefs and also knowing what your
Overton Window are what are the things
that you're willing to be swayed on the
things that you're not sure about the
things that you might not have heard
enough perspectives on to get and the
things that you're like no this is where
I'm standing this is not in my Overton
Window for example racism not in my
Overton Window sexism also not but some
of the varying arguments around those
topics are interesting to listen to
maybe it's not by talking to the people
on the opposite side of the mountain to
you but the people who are maybe around
the corner that are the ways that things
will change it just sounds grand it's
not going to give you a cool theology
Fox and the Hound kind of story but it's
something to think about
