so the first time probably in your
lifetime watch me grow not only matters
but will be deciding 20-somethings are
another Greek we traditionally haven't
planned out some great numbers and
elections so why should they care about
this one you're not really into politics
okay
fair enough but why are you into
transformer pokemon you child
if you've 10 percent of you registered
to vote
as both the form of the Progressive
Party you listen to Tori
hi welcome back to just kiss my frog and
also the tenth of emotion tomorrow at
midnight on Monday is the deadline to
register to vote in the UK a viewer a
person in the UK especially a young
person in the UK we have a very bad
reputation and statistical evidence for
not turning up to vote now is the time
regardless of whether you've ever voted
before or whoever you vote for it's
incredibly and mounting ly important
that you register Tim Stanley an
upstanding man I'm sure wrote an
interesting article this week that
really troubled me it's entitled young
people are always a disappointment until
they grow up and become Tories he
basically reacting to a lot of the
coverage at the moment talking about the
fact that a lot of the people that voted
in the referendum a lot of people
already dead some of them will be dead
by the time the changes really happen he
feels like old people are being bashed
and he says well we need to talk some
home truths about those people that this
generation of bright young sparks who
will rescue us from the cynicism of old
age one truth is they ain't that great
my advice is never to meet young like
your heroes they will always disappoint
you you imagine they're going to have
some fresh brilliant perspective on life
but the truth is that they're often
quite boring they haven't seen a lot
being far or done much he goes on to
imply that the Conservative Party at a
party most likely to look after old
people not really very true but we'll
move on his argument for not listening
to us is that they have very little
stake in the system no savings no
pension no house to protect them from
burglars no daughter to protect from
other people some and envy article with
the words that were really in my ears
four days afterwards I wish politicians
had spend far less time talking about
how to ensure dignity in old age than
pandering to the intellectual passions
of young souls you can't even be counted
on to vote ouch it's like really your
guru cross at page
like that was bitchy that was bitchy
that bits kind of true they might feel
tiring it might feel lethargic to keep
having these elections but at the end of
the day we have to turn up for other
people and we have to turn up for
ourselves
a couple of weeks ago I got to meet Gina
Miller and talk about her new campaign
best for Britain Gina Miller is probably
best known in your head for initiating
the court case taking the British
government to court for illegally
wanting to trigger article 50 and
winning if you look at something hate
she got online for simply wanting the
government to obey their own laws you
will be absolutely shocked and full have
very reasonable astute and firm beliefs
in the law making sure that the emotions
of politicians don't mean it as signing
up to sign a blank document about brexit
to you women to talk about those sort of
things so I hope you enjoy this
interview people talk about you leaving
the ramona's how do you feel about that
word I'm the last well I hate Moniz I
hate anybody who just goes cries over
spilt milk I think you're one of the
most positive determined people out you
all do really really gets me is that
first of all I'm not actually going
backwards so to be Ramona but it's the
fact painter is this really horrible old
woman who just sits there crying and I
think no that's so not me I mean I never
regretted anything I'd always see your
face out in about time to sleep or
remote or moat or whatever it is
basically I might be you in life is if
you fail something doesn't work out you
just get up and get on to the next thing
exactly so your campaign is best for
Britain and that's not as some people
might think it's not about reversing the
vote is it it's not about going
backwards it's looking towards something
new so what would you say I think I
might be quoting you wrong but I think I
heard you say in an interview that we're
all leavers now there is no such thing
as I remain in the leave campaign so
what what is best for Britain can you
explain well I'd be the biggest
hypocrite having fought for democracy if
I'm saying right now we should reverse
what the people voted for so it is
really we're all levers now but nobody
can predict the future so better Britain
is trying to do three things one is get
young people out to vote because it's
one of the most precious things we've
got which is a voice and it's their
futures breakfast is going to be about
your future your adult life your careers
secondly it's not just young people but
just
all population basically had enough of
voting they're feeling pretty exhausted
but again energizing them and saying
this is your chance in effect this is
your second referendum if you are of
that sort of thought process but also
get involved because politics is about
everybody's lives every single day and
thirdly let's get out there and get
different politicians in Parliament
let's tactically vote so we have
candidates who are going to put their
principles above their politics and that
just take people for granted so what is
tactical voting what are you what's the
plan when I log on to the website what
am i what am I going to get the plan
simple we're going to go out there and
define the candidates who are going to
vote for choice hold the government to
account and not just become cowards
every time their party tells them to
vote a certain way we'll put them up
there as recommendations with lots of
information about them you can find out
going to talk to them knock on their
doors fine and then towards the actual
election just before we'll do some buys
some you know these are the guys we
should really vote for we're going to
hold the government to account so we've
in theory we logged on to better Britain
we've worked out who we're going to vote
for we roll up the polling stations we
vote is that it is that what we can do
resemble outside absolutely not it's not
just about everywhere fantastic it's not
just one day is every single day in
every part of your life so if you see
something you're not happy about you
know MPs have emails they have Twitter
you bombard them with what you're
thinking and I'm not happy about what
you've just said about students I'm not
happy about what you're doing about
housing I'm not happy about let them
know because if you don't they presume
that they can get away with it or that
you're just nobody cares and that's the
thing they happy they have to know that
people are watching them and eki holding
them to account I email them the subject
I'm being okay that's not funny you know
what whatever it takes I'll give it
whatever turn no no no there was one
occasion when I had an MP who wouldn't
actually listen to me or when I was
campaigning for repops and Pensions so I
sent him a coconut and you know sort of
understand you know this is your head
because I couldn't get through to him
and I said you're hard nut to crack
right that was my strategy but you know
whatever it takes I mean I think the
most dangerous things in politics is
when required
how cool is she I think we've got the
message of this video haven't we please
register to vote thank you so much Gina
for coming on the channel it was a
amazing to meet you we only have 24
hours left to convince the people near
and dear and maybe even not that nature
us maybe people you just still have on
Facebook for some reason convincing them
to register to vote it's so easy thank
you for watching do not let the
grown-ups get you down and I will see
you in my next on Fox knockout I look
for screen right in the morning
