we are making for a theme of one of the
questions I kept seeing in the comments
was um like what is it like to grow up
or is it okay to grow up or how do you
feel grown up and is that scary all at
the same time I feel all of these
emotions I feel like I'm expected to act
like a grown-up when it secretly and I'm
a child and I feel like are I want to be
a child but I'm so growing up that I
forgotten what it feels like to be a
child and I also feel like I'm getting
to me I'm going to be 30 at some point
and then I'm going to have to completely
leave childhood behind but at the same
time I feel like I read a lot of
self-help manuals and like inspirational
quotes and Instagram they're like stay
young forever Peter Pan ha ha ha
Neverland yeah like you're only as young
as the things that you do and like you
know and it's the idea of like oh no I'm
always young at heart
yeah and is that true what do people
genuinely get a bit more boring with age
yes oh okay
but yeah it's not the relief answer that
but like at one point I thought about
getting a Peter Pan tattoo because it
was symbolized Neverland and how I was
never really going to grow up mhm
but then I also think that my the one of
the questions was what about what do you
value most in another person and
maturity is a big part of that which is
what you said as well you I just thought
yesterday its maturity is like an
important all-encompassing thing yeah
like how a maturing yeah but then how do
you negotiate both of those things like
aspiring to be mature yeah also like
what do I fear about growing up what's
about it like to fears about growing up
one growing closer to death
which I think you I think spans across
probably all cultures knowing that but
also knowing that you can't reasonably
constantly think about that but you
can't literally live every day like it's
the last day of your life
because it wouldn't function in society
so does that but then I think culturally
and I don't know how many cultures this
goes through but we are culture worships
youth and so much of like media is aimed
toward for young people and I think that
as for me at least I'll speak for myself
it's weird to like be getting older and
then to feel less valuable because
culturally what I see in media is almost
entirely very young women especially as
a gender yeah but then it's weird
because I feel like you spend your young
years trying to gain all this knowledge
and kudos so that people will listen to
you eventually yes like I'm worried that
I don't do as much as I could because I
feel like I'm not old enough for people
to listen to me interesting and then
when I'm at a certain point I seem to
not have reached then I'm allowed to
like anime yeah go out on a limb and say
stuff yeah I guess you know so much of
my experience is also being on YouTube
but I'm afraid of getting so old that
people won't want to listen to many more
like aged out I think a lot like when
yeah when a lot of you a lot of your
value comes from like knowing the new
thing you're like being able to show
your parents how to use Facebook yeah
and like or being like yeah these are
the new trends that Millennials were
like yeah and a lot of people get into
jobs because they're the youngest person
there and technology changes yeah but
then what happens when you're the person
who doesn't really understand the new
technology yeah that's good it's like we
built a fort to fill young virtually
I've never felt so old I think our
society worships young people so like
being aware of young people in beauty
and so they like they worship them but
they don't listen to them it's my
impression of that I'm like I don't know
if I'm really going to miss being in my
20s
yeah because I feel like a lot of the
media just mocked me mmm my two worries
about aging or one getting closer death
and to like culturally being less
valuable hmm but we can change the
culture right hopefully because Amanda
Palmer said we are the media yeah um
yeah I think either changing yeah I mean
you'll be okay and also I think lots of
the women that I look up to are a lot
older than me and I don't
yeah like I like I idolized them I don't
make changes that what's your best
memory from being a kid I am an only
child and I was living at school so I
didn't I like it was hard to convince
kids to hang out with me and I remember
at some point like third fourth grade I
think I was fourth grade I started
sewing these stuffed animals this
Digimon and like I had so many of them
and like I would just play these really
intense pretend games and I have this
one specific memory of laying on my
neighbor's trampoline looking up at the
sky and it was a really hot humid day
but it's also stormy and I was laying
with my stuffed animal me me Mom
what's-her-name and looking up and
thinking like dangers coming and like
I'm going to be the one who's going to
save the world
and like feeling like kind of scared and
also excited it was in this pretend game
to be clear I understood it wasn't there
as I remember that as like really fondly
and that's a memory from childhood where
like imaginary things felt like very
real but you can live in both worlds at
the same time and it was a night we
should do that more yeah Ohio at the
time I remember feeling like I know that
I'm too old to be doing this
hmm like I remember once talking out
loud to myself and I forgot that my mom
was home that's what I was like I was
gonna know it's gonna know I'm sorry my
animals I know they don't talk I'd
really like being cool masturbating but
yeah I think it's really weird because
like I see a lot of like people are
really obsessed with coloring at the
moment we had like infantilizing
activities are really fun and you should
have been doing all along like why
wouldn't we why would we stop coloring
here but also it's like people make
money off it
if you come and do some coloring what's
one of your favorite memories from
shelters and I used to my mom dad used
to work for this charity so we used to
go to these conference centers like one
was in Switzerland and one was like in
this baseball tourney so I used to be
left on my own a lot I used to have like
really free rein because they knew that
those are grounds that nobody else to
get into so I used to it was called
being in the secret garden and they were
like they just let me out at night and
they were like see you at 5:00 and I was
like I don't watch because I fix have
been run up and I just be on my own the
whole day min this huge garden yeah that
was really really really fun
that makes me feel better knowing that
you're one of your favorite memories is
and I would I would be interested to
know how many people also have similar
experience because I when I think of
that I always like chemicals that for
myself and like other people probably
have like their happiest memories is
with people yeah that's why it isn't
that yeah because I think it's that a
lot of time alone as a kid yeah because
I wasn't allowed to play out because I
was dangerous and like I live in a
really rough area where my mom is like
you're not going to take drugs at a yeah
and I was like fat did this have another
one okay um playing with a friend this
time mmm Emily if you're watching this
thinking about you have not seen my
senses absolutely but we she was about
to move across country so her parents
had all these boxes in the garage so we
built a Charlie's Angels training ground
where we would cross with my husband and
Anna did send those once again it was
the idea that this like imaginary thing
felt very real and very like there was
some creativity and building it and then
I had training that's why I cannot
YouTube right because I feel like people
create things together and that's how
they form friendships and that is a lot
more familiar to me than the adult way
of being friends with people which is
playing and having fun and then going to
the pub or meeting up it's over some
adult drinks or like dinner and talking
about the day mm-hm and being like oh
what did you do is your week well I did
this and then I did this and this and
this is how I feel about it yeah not
like actually doing things with people
is usually like very much more like
reported yeah what it what did we do
today I feel like I had a really present
day we explored yes and we went for
breakfast that restaurant that all the
it was like a bunch of different rooms
smashed together so awesome yes there's
like an old woman's house is called a
this great beautiful and we met a lot of
dogs yeah that was like sorry
there were many dogs so many dogs
are we wet in the war communiques
touring we had a mountain job moment I
feel like today was especially fun for
me because as not an adult but maybe
also as a kid to like something that is
a really joy bringing experience for me
is getting to know people yeah and I
felt like I got to know you more today
did you like what you learned I did oh
my god
and it's can get to experience someone
feeling comfortable enough with you to
tell things tell you things about
themselves hmm also you tell me things
about myself so I'm like yes that's new
information you read a lot more online
personal students than me oh yeah and I
know it's weird I always think like I
want you to stay young I need to stop
being boring and I'm like uh I don't
know I don't know if I judge myself too
harshly but also surely the aim is to
grow up and learn more and be better
because also like I always think that we
think that being a kid is our purest
form before like bad stuff happened to
us when we grow up both are probably
quite a shitty kid I'd probably like
really selfish yeah I'm really annoying
and like I didn't understand a lot of
things yeah
like it's like the Pandora's Box thing
of like now we have knowledge with we're
tainted yeah and I'm like not really
this is a lot more complicated yeah and
there's more responsibilities the
responsibilities part of it sucks but I
would say that I am definitely a happier
person adult than it was as a teenager
or child or an early adult early
twenties I feel like I'm the most like
level and like happy and I know myself
the best under least anxious I've ever
been my anxiety was a big problem just
living for a few years
and yeah it is like what did you do to
solve that I thought I just lived yeah
kind of have to live it
just kept living and doing things that
like were uncomfortable and that
unnatural and then just do like the
constant exposure being becoming more
comfortable yeah with living hmm but yet
text it to dying
one summer closer to death is there a
difference between beat to grow up and
to be a grown up
design a groaner somebody who is your
parent and is has a board more boring
life in you I remember sitting on the
toilet very vividly as a child and my
mum is obviously having me go to toilet
so I was like I don't know three or four
and she was like she's asked me what I
wanted to be when I grew up and I was
like I want to be a vet and climb an
astronaut but mainly probably a vet and
then I remember looking her really
sincerely and being like what you want
to be when you grow up and she was like
I am growing up and I was like what do
you do you're like I'm your mom
see I remember vividly there being grown
up time and also because my mum and dad
used to live in Brazil nobody speak
fluent Portuguese it was okay like it
was also a grown-up's language so they
still make conspiracies against me my
brother were like tell secrets in
Portuguese over our heads absolutely so
there was like literally a grown-up
language and grown-up time as like a
thing in capitals it was like it's
growing up time now which meant that
like go to the garden to um yeah I
supposed to grow up is to like be in a
secret and I feel like I haven't been
there not a secret yes but maybe the
thing is that like emperor has no
clothes there is no secret that's really
by the efficient but there is no secret
or if there is a secret that I haven't
grown up yet listen to the wrong people
yeah I just think in the comments
there's lots of like worry like oh like
people were just worried basically about
aging yeah and like what that entails
there's lots of stages and things you
have to do or not don't have to do yes
but I'm not a full circle here but is
about to grow up no no I would say it's
not about a girl and I'm making 40
videos in 40 days because I'm a hard
worker
ever it was a child thanks for watching
first leg out
