hey guys you catch me at a very
unflattering time as these spotlights
are kind of make me feel like I'm in a
sofa DFS and for and you catch me at a
strange time because I am actually I've
just finished work and I'm in the
basement of my workplace vintage books
I've just been recording a podcast I'm
the producer of vintage books podcast
and you should listen to a very hashtag
not spawn we've had like Sarah Jessica
Parker on you Val Harare and we just had
the translator of Murakami's new book in
the studio and we were chatting to him
and it was really great and I was just
thinking about this reputation that some
books have because Murakami is one of
those authors that some critics will say
is too simple and I was really
interesting to hear from the translator
because he was talking about how it's
incredible that there the book has been
translated in so many languages and the
kind of ease with which he can sometimes
translate it the emotions that are
described in it are so honest and real
in a lot of ways Universal and there is
often a word for it in English award
translation can pick new meanings up and
lose other meanings on the way I thought
it was just a really interesting point
and it made me think about a video
documentary that my friend Arielle and
just uploaded to YouTube a few days ago
and it's called hashtag poetry and it's
all about Instagram poets and the mega
publishing event and also read it or
event but really for the publishing
industry shook it up and that is rupak
or and how her books are performed in a
mass-market and when when the poetry
market was on a downward trajectory and
how incredible that was and why so many
people are skeptical about it I'm not
somebody who's an expert in Murakami I
think I've read one Murakami so far
although I'd like to read more it made
me think about the wider issue of what
we consider literary and what becomes
worthy I think like the challenge of
literature in my opinion hashtag all my
own opinions nobody else's is that it it
takes a real skill to talk about to
create a really specific situation
a really specific character that isn't
universal and it is very much their own
character in therefore the more specific
I think character is the more real
and they feel and then go back into the
universal so narrowing down this
fictional idea of a person and going
from like older a man in their mid
fifties to what ethnicity are they what
are their interests what are their
beliefs what are their work what are
their bruises what's their where are
their emotional tender spots wherever
their evils where that narrowing
something down and then making it
Universal again in some way and making a
wider commentary about something you
know in a very subtle and nuanced way I
guess I guess a lot of literary fiction
the good thing I about it I think is
that it it can come to very nuanced
conclusions and it can really complicate
narratives where narratives are too
simple and that is why I love literary
fiction and I think as a real place and
I think has a real importance and that's
why I can see the side of the argument
where there's people who are like why
are these really simple things becoming
popular but also I made a video about
this a while ago and called is it isn't
it a shame that people read stupid books
where I talk about this elitism around
meaning and what people draw meaning
from and why we judge certain types of
meaning and certain types of literature
that set off that meaning in in
different ways to others and it's got a
lot to do with class it's got a lot to
do with race often to do with gender I
recently read this incredible book
called the wife by Meg Wolitzer there's
a film of it you should read the book
you should also watch the film but like
oh my god and I'll make it different if
you want me to make a video about the
wife please leave a comment below
because I'd be interested to see if you
want to hear about the myriad of
thoughts I have about that book and but
it made me think about this lighting is
just what's happening oh my god me too
but it talks about the lighting in their
videos like please take me out and shoot
me yeah there's there's something that I
can understand in that argument for
people who are like well good books are
hard deal with it but also seeing that
there are always moments where and I
think some of the cleverest writing is
actually very Universal and nuanced at
the same time it's really hard to hit
that I think a lot of lit like literary
literature has to go in and then go out
but I think there
some really great crossover work you
know like crime and punishment philip
larkin try think of other examples they
can genuinely think say like I think art
but like those those moments when so
many people have read something maybe
Dubliners as well like that where
something is like heavily heavily writ
literary like oh Jesus Christ but also
and lots of people have read it who all
have very different walks of life in
different education levels and gone like
yeah I really identify with that so I
think there is a space for that whether
rupi core is in that or not it's not for
us to say I think it's for the next
generation to say I think a lot of what
we consider good now won't be remembered
as a classic and lots of things that
we've ignored at the moment we'll
probably huge in the future like take
the sails of Moby Dick when it came out
like nobody gave a shit about that book
for a very very long time until the
author was dead there's not reforest to
say but I also think that even if Ruby
core and insta poets apparently I'm
still getting emails even if Ruby core
and insta poets are basic even if
there's literature that which is how
some people feel about Murakami not me
but but people do that it's too simple
or it's so it's like a horoscope it's so
Universal that anyone could see
themselves in it I think that also that
also has a place and I think every human
life has a time where they need to hear
something simple it's why the Beatles
are so popular and I what frustrates me
is a lot of the people that will be
sitting on Twitter like only people with
their basic Instagram poets explaining
like simple words that obviously
everybody would identify with I'm like
all you need is love is probably your
favorite song I don't know it's really
about educational class or experience
that can sometimes dictate when you need
a simple book or a simple poem and it is
it's really what you're going through at
the time and there's lots of things and
lines that probably aren't what the
author intended them to be which is like
death of the author which is a whole
other thing but like they're not with
the author or attend intended them to be
they're probably not the focus of the
book or the song or all there's
something that I scrolled past rambling
on on Instagram and they just hit me in
the face because life is random and you
need to hear simple truths sometimes so
I think there's a lot of like quite
it's from authors that are well loved
that are battered around the internet
without context and I don't necessarily
think that's a bad thing
I think if some people can get things
from a phrase or from a quote from a
lyric without having a context that's
amazing the context is what the author
intended and it's important to a certain
extent but it's I think it's is all
relative and you don't have to basically
this is all along with in a way of
saying I think you should watch arias
documentary it's great and she talks a
Holyman nation lots of other poets but
yeah basically this is a way of me
saying I think it's interesting that
there are artists that make simple
universal universally applicable work
because because and this installs they
should install hope and most people a
lot of us are the fucking same there's
not really that many actual individuals
in the world we're very similar and and
that should be an excuse to try and draw
together more and rather than think you
were all unique snowflakes and there's
artists that make very complicated work
that is very specific and can take a lot
of time and a lot of study to properly
invest in emotionally and understand and
then they go to the universal and it
becomes very meaningful or perhaps they
don't go to the universal and actually
what you've done is you've spent angel
pages understanding one specific
character that will never teach you
about any other characters ever because
humans are also very individual and very
specific and that's totally fine and
then there's people who can write both
and I don't think even the authors know
when they're writing those characters I
think they're kind of magic almost like
I don't know how those moments occur
because they occur in every culture and
discipline and they occur at unexpected
times in the author's life and they're
both measurably disciplined and artistic
and innovative in their own way and I
think you can measure that to a certain
extent like say with let's show you you
can you can measure whether something is
technically good
and achieve something but that doesn't
mean they all have heart as well like
things can be technically successful but
also just have no stopping you name you
man it's probably me meli myself I do do
boomerang way anymore anyway we don't
know how that happens that's magic and
if there is a technicality to it but
there's also a heart and I think all
three things can exist together and you
as a person as a somebody who is
consuming art can flip between them and
it doesn't mean that you know me like
I've met so many academics that are huge
Buffy fans and I've met people who are
really into insta poets and will
probably never read a classic but might
go on to read a poetry classic now
because poetry has become something
they're invited to and something that is
accessible to them and that they and
don't feel shut out from and anything is
nothing wrong with that so yeah that's
how I how I feel about the criticisms
around simple art and like basic quotes
and stuff like that and it's okay as
well for me to want that all to exist
and not enjoy a lot of it and it's okay
for me to roll my eyes and be like well
it's not okay for me to run wise but
it's okay for me to be like I do not
want that fridge magnet literature and
because I'm not a point where I feel
like I need that specific thing or or
that specific topic that is written
about and that's it's okay to turn it
down I think also there's a lot of like
academic poets who feel like because
every people is really huge they must
read her and I'm like no literally you
don't you have no obligation here so
it's fine I move on can't carry on with
your Tolstoy life and so yeah I think
there's also pressure that we maybe need
to take off them and they so consciously
have where they feel like they need to
join in because Poe choose their thing
or academia or all it shows their thing
and they should be they feel like they
should know about it or read it and they
don't want to so they reject it
completely and say that nobody should
read it
and I'm also just want to release them
and be like listen if you don't want the
basic poems you don't have to you don't
have to be in any way involved in the
conversation around the basic problems
but yeah I think it's also like a
shelving issue in the widest sense the
word like how we categorize things
like poetry is a very general term I
think we should have more specific ways
to describe it in the same way with with
books and everything really humans hard
yeah I'm freely I should be I should go
home
this isn't I'm not I don't belong here
now is definitely after five days and
I'm I should go anyway sorry that I
haven't been making videos very much
full-time job life and also I'm trying
to write this book and I didn't know why
and maybe I'll make a video about that
another time like but I'm just so
obsessed with it and I keep I've
recorded a lot of big videos and I'm
just so obsessed with like writing this
fucking book I can't I just eating on
everything else with it you know I mean
like I'm like oh that's a little record
podcast or a little I know I wanna I
just I keep having ideas about it and
I'm a kind of addicted to it in the
moment so I'm riding that wave who's
ready for NaNoWriMo I'm not but we'll
probably do it anyway I don't know if I
might do me on a plane oh where I just
try and like plan more bits of my novel
I don't know let me know um if you're
doing it maybe we should make like a
little NaNoWriMo group wasn't me how are
you that was rude of me to do a
monologue without asking you how you are
how are you you get good good good okay
I'm gonna go listen to the vintage
podcast because it's really great
because I make it well and yeah watch
Ariel's documentary I leave the link
below okay bye
