hey this is video 28 in the 40 questions
with Lina series and as 28 is the size I
used to wish I was when in fact I am a
36 I thought we'd celebrate the fact
that that is completely not how I think
now by talking about how much Instagram
has changed my perception of myself
I'll give me a 7 on any social media
platform but it's been drawn to my
attention that lots of people don't use
Instagram this way there was a point
where I thought of deleting Instagram
and then I started using it for body
positivity and following body positivity
people and it seems to be whether all
hanging out scene 3 where the best
action is happening logging onto
Instagram every time I'm struggling or
just in my day-to-day life and not
seeing perfect lives fly past me but
seeing real lives for the past week has
been a really great way to alter my
attitude to my own body I think there's
a lot of rhetoric in like traditional
news that says that social media impact
people in a really negative way what
they're discounting is the way your mind
can loop feedback and loop that feedback
back to you in a way that social media
never could and really a way of breaking
a real life cycle like that is having
something like Instagram where you've
designed it and set it up so it's going
to work for you it also resulted in me
sharing some of myself on Instagram
which has actually been a really really
healthy steps me and I think has helped
a lot other people too so that is
positive sometimes we think we have to
be extraordinary or have something
extraordinary to offer but in body posi
Instagram world it is the normal it is
the average it is the is the everyday
that has the most power so if you're
looking to improve your relationship
with your body and I have some
recommendations for you it's Clarence is
somebody I've talked about before and
basically in love with her at this point
she is a model in every sense of the
word and she has an amazing Instagram
account which talks about fitness and
healthiness and she shows you how her
mermaid size can be shown to have a
thigh gap even when they don't actually
have a thigh gap and she talks about a
lot of falseness on Instagram and I just
think she's really beautiful and amazing
Barbie Ferrara I literally have a crush
on her body and crush on her soul and
also her sense of humor Bobbie Pierre
again is a model whose body I say is
probably the most like mine I look at
that body and I'm like yeah that's
probably the most like the shape and
size of mine she does a series called
body party on Cosmopolitan's channel I
think and it's amazing and but her
Instagram account is hilarious mainly
just for the story so her story she
doesn't take herself seriously like
zooming in on her face doing ridiculous
thing
the camera and she's just like she's
just like the person that you sit behind
him at and you're like I'm not going to
get any work done while I sit next to
Barbie but I'm gonna bloody love maths
now the next sentence Laura Jane
Williams who also writes for Grazia and
also has a book out called unbecoming
she's really really great and she
particularly did a video there was a tag
going around called don't hate the shake
she absolutely lost it like she blew my
mind I will link you to that dance but
Gina's Christ's body posi patentee is
somebody who's been around on body
positivity Instagram for a really really
long time and she's really
well-established and she has amazing
hair finest posts really powerful really
intelligent and it also if you're
looking to discover other Pods body
positivity people she is where it's
actually just I don't know I feel like
she might be like she might be like the
grandmother willow or the Rafiki on for
the body positivity Instagram world she
just seems to know everybody and know
everything and she just is an original
man she's just I love her
there's also a thing that I found
through Instagram but not necessarily
and it's always links Instagram but it's
this really healthy website with an
Instagram account it's called my body
gallery it's basically a forum where you
can upload real pictures of your own
body and say your measurements and
height which you know for some people
could be triggering but some people
could be really helpful and your weight
and it means that you can then go into
the huge catalogue of bodies type in
your own weight and height and see all
the different ways your body could look
at that weight and height and it's just
this really refreshing thing of like oh
I don't know for me that helped it might
not help everybody for me that helped
establish all different ways you can
look at the certain weight or at a
certain height and it helps to ground
you in a more realistic view of how your
body is I don't know it really helped if
you haven't used Instagram in this way
before let me know if you do it and how
you get on if you have any
recommendations for body positivity
people for me to follow do it all also
Meghan tonjes does my booty revolution
which is just oh thanks for watching 48
days of questions and making 40 videos
during Lent here's a playlist of them
there's so many of them now it's likely
or like at least one thanks for watching
and I will see you on Monday proximal
gout
