hey my name is Lina or is it I am
answering 40 questions during the period
of Lent
imagine if lent was one long period how
much shorter would Jesus have made it
I'm answering question from when you
guys every single day and today's
question is from Elena and she says Lena
I have a question I'm not sure is
personal well I heard it mentioned that
used to go by a different version of
your name and I'm curious why when you
switch to Lena and how you feel about
your name those of you who've been
watching my channel for a while there is
a long and short answer to this so in
summary to clear up any of the mysteries
no I am NOT criminal that would have
been more exciting my whole name is
Kathleen and if you've watched this
channel for a long time and I used to go
by Kathy very few people in my like new
life in my adult life really know that
that was the thing but I was actually
Kathy the - University and I changed to
Lena when I was like 20 22 22 I think
and there wasn't really like it was kind
of a really big thing and was also like
really small things that my mum used to
call me Lina just gets the end of
Kathleen and basically when I switched
towns and jobs and universities just
thought now's the time to just introduce
myself as something else and nobody
knows I realized that it wasn't as keen
on the name Kathy as I thought and I
didn't think it described who I
currently was and I didn't like the
connotations that came with a name Kathy
I just I just like really dated to
change and there isn't that much of a
story really past that but I wanted to
make two points about that the first one
not to over intellectualize things when
I was doing my English degree I learnt
about this thing called structuralism
which really excited me post
structuralism is the thing that everyone
seems obsessed with but nobody seems to
talk as much about what structuralism
actually is and it's the thought process
I became kind of obsessed with the Uni
and started rowing about structuralism
and feminism structuralism and the idea
of the witch
structuralism and queerness
structuralism and eBooks at one point
but that is a dissertation for another
day this is a standard textbook that is
used in loads loads of universities on
loads loads of English courses
throughout the country and the guy he
wrote it Peter berry was actually my
personal tutoring lecturer which I was
really really happy about so if you go
to our rest of the university there's a
video about that here you might get to
my Peter Barry who is quite frankly a
living legend
on structuralism he says I would say
that its essence is the belief that
things cannot be understood in isolation
that they have to be seen in the context
of the larger structures that they are
part of hence the term structuralism
it's a really simple concept in fact you
probably already inherently know that
but what I like about English and theory
in general is that when you think about
really simple concepts and actually sit
down and think about them there is a lot
more to be thought about then your brain
would automatically assume the
structures in question here are those
imposed by a way of perceiving the world
and organizing experience rather than
objective entity is already existing in
the external world it follows from this
that meaning or significance isn't the
kind of core or essence inside things
rather meaning is always outside meaning
is always an attribute of things in the
literal sense that meanings are
attributed to the things by the human
mind not contained within now when
you're a kid and you're in primary
school the first thing you learn how to
write is your name when you hang up your
coat of playtime your name is on your
peg when you're a kid and you have
barely any personality traits the way
you are called the way you personally
differentiate yourself from other people
is your name and I think as we grow up
when we become more complex we don't
start to really realize that our name
isn't a huge part of who we really are
in some ways looking back I feel like
after university I changed how I want
people to refer to me as almost as a
reminder that I'm not really anything
when I realized that I can respond to
Kathleen and Kathy and Lena in kind of
the same way it's a kind of cool
reminder in my head that I'm not really
anything permanent at all and I get to
choose who I am and that can change at
any time and it's I think a lot of
people find comfort in stable
environments and stable facts and things
like that I find comfort I find comfort
in the idea that nothing is really that
permanent everything is open to change
and I feel like learning about
structuralism and that idea learning
that a tree is not inherently a tree
it's only a tree because we say it's a
tree and the reason we have a name for a
tree and a bush is how we start to think
about those two things as separate
whereas if we just called bushes and
trees both trees would they really both
be trees colors do we call a whole group
of colors orange that in another
parallel universe people would never
have put together in a group and they
would say it completely different colors
and would that change the way we see
oranges so yeah when I realized that
about structuralism kind of let myself
change my name I also kind of like that
I changed my name at the point is that
because of structuralism because I know
that people have assumptions about names
I allowed myself to change my name
because I always feel like especially
when I'm going into this adult world and
I'm reintroducing myself and often in
the adult world you introduce yourself
not by your face but by a voice or by an
interaction over the internet and I felt
like the language of the name Kathy from
the place that I was from in the place
that I was living and meant white old
pretty fuddy-duddy quite stuffy older
woman and again lots of people know the
name Kathleen but what I get all the
time is people gay Kathleen my name is
called Kathleen while John my nan was
also called Kathleen that is why I'm
called Kathleen and I like a links to my
past don't get me wrong but I also felt
like it aged me automatically for people
who hadn't met me Lina just sounds a lot
more like and I also believe in that in
like the power of onomatopoeia and like
things like sounding how they are and I
like the name Lina because it it feels
more in line with my energy in like it's
a good it's either a good impression or
a good warning for people that I
literally don't stop moving did you guys
go by different names is that a weird a
thing than people people are always
shocked by it but I think isn't that
weird I think lots of people have
changed their name so let me know if I
see you in the comments I'm answering
question every day
in Lent apart from Sundays because that
is the Sabbath so if you do have a
question for me leave them below if
you'd like to talk to players to all the
questions I've answered we've talked
about everything from films to love to
productivity to careers the place is
there for you to watch do you subscribe
if you'd like to see more share it if
you liked it like it if you shared it
and I will see you tomorrow folks my
girl
