and watching up again but because that
is just the reality of life tap in short
after shop tap in tap out I have been
asked to in math they film who thinks
you should know about me
I really hate scary films I can't I was
another secret Windows is a 12 I walked
out of it couldn't handle it Battlestar
Galactica watch the first episode pride
half an hour afterwards - it was just
terrific I'm a sensitive soul so I
assume stick skin so first of list is
genuinely just my favorite like off the
top of my head the ones I'm like ah they
altered my life in some way and I can't
really change the fact that if this a
good critical spread of the best films
ever know if you take this without we
used to very misguided yes
however looked at this list and it's
interesting to me and that I'm finally
noticing how white order and my favorite
films are and and partly I'm sitting
there like are shall I touch another
film in there just to make it less white
and then I was like no that would be
that would be worse like this is the
conversation social other people have
this as well where you kind of like list
your favorite things that you you know
you've grown up with and will like you
to market it to me got sucked in and
loved and then you back and you're like
why oh I don't want to be a construct of
a socially conscious person on the
Internet
I want to be a genuinely socially
conscious person on the Internet and I
think to do that I have to acknowledge
how like my list is and be honest with
you about it and ask about the problems
why and like start to really tackle that
rather than just drop in a few non-white
themed films above films that were
honestly my favorite because I think
that would be a lie and it's patronizing
and it is pretending that the marketing
around general and blockbusters in the
last 20 years hasn't and been damaging
to our general like collective
psychically I just want to dress that at
the beginning and I hope I handled that
well what I didn't and if so please you
tell me in the comments but and it's
something I just literally just notice
and should be definitely five six about
my favorite films than what I watch
everywhere this is for lgbtq+ stuff I
don't have any of that in this list para
Mike honest top 10 films access is a
very unpopular fave
let's give some summaries and people
have a thing as Anne Hathaway which I
will never understand I think she's an
amazing actress I like when people are
like oh I just find her annoying I'm
like the function of an actress isn't to
get her to like you the intern was so
under appreciated and reviewed when it
came out and this film personally for me
it's had a huge impact on me it's one
show me something that I have in my
personal life that I've never seen in
film which is a really healthy
relationship with older men and that's
not weird but like I have friends I have
like I have friends that are that I
consider friends and I invite your
parties and are great and I go for like
long walks with and for instance when
Xbox who are six year old men and that's
like don't they have been so helpful and
so and I don't know I just have really
healthy relationships like that and this
is a film about that this is a filler
generations it's a film about a woman
who starts her own company from the
ground and is hugely successful and the
plot divided intimate she's actually bad
at her job the plot device isn't that
she's she's struggling a warbling
through it so that narrative doesn't
doesn't depend on her wearing down of
talent it doesn't depend on the whimsy
of her heart it depends on people
struggling to adjust to her power it
features a family where there is a house
of them and it's about the modern day
and like hard adjustments that being a
reality tell me how many other films
screeches that and tell me that it's not
important to big this film up it's also
a great evolution of her playing the
moral assistant to a woman in power who
is inherently an awful awful bitch and
now we get to see a successful yet kind
founder of a huge company who is a woman
and I bloody love it driving lessons is
another film I love it is Rupert Grint
and Julie waters and it is again about a
cross-generational
non-sexual friendship and that's really
beautiful and healthy it's about the
older person being really liberal and
the younger person being really
conservative and that is like really
really fascinating rific Grint plays a
very nervous brainwashed Christian boy
in North London get a Saturday job
healthy a woman called Evie who is
absolutely off the wall
feminist actress and usual subject
matter jr. waters at the top of their
game
Kaylee's and Edinburgh about time is
about again across generous I don't know
what it there's life I'm so sick of just
love stories I love a listing stuff
about communities and generations but
kind of like you know I sell of chakra
this film is about a boy falling over
the girl and that not going horrific ly
wrong or and then knowing exactly what
they want and but it's also about the
love between a father and son and some
time travel in it and I love magical
realism of film some people don't like
it not going the whole way but I'm like
but in books like magical realism
they're really successful genre but it
seems to be that film critics get pissed
off and they get into like a film space
but whatever I think it's great proper
proper British film ash is probably
sheesh you were in timing they didn't
Americanize the scripts to make it
simpler because that's what I feel like
they do a lot of the time a little
pissed me off and it still retained its
British humor and awkwardness and an
electic unlocked Britta Jane need i say
more or business needs to be on the list
because it is one of the films I go to
to feel safe is a heritage film at this
point I think for people everywhere it's
the first time we got to see a really
messy character and I just I just think
it's so well done but there's something
about the pacing and the timing and the
use of shots and music that just makes
it an all-round
bloody good film Miss Congeniality is
where we see the 19 to discover the
concept of the complex feminine this
film is weirdly lost by Boston tomatoes
unlike traditional film critics even
though it's supposed to be a chick flick
because apparently is one of the best
made films ever
I mean don't ask community ask reacts
but I could literally write a
dissertation on this film I think it's
great maybe I'll just make hope a video
on how much she loved the film but like
when I watched a young age it introduced
a lot of themes to me about the
constructs of gender before gender
theory and stuff like that was available
to me and for that it will always be
valuable before sunrise is a series that
I really recommend but I loved the first
row in particular it is a film shot in
almost real-time about two people who
meet on a train in the middle of Europe
and decide to get off in Venice and
explore for the day
it's just a conversation like it's
genius because it just relies on the
script and this conversation of two
people getting to know each other which
sounds boring but it's actually
genuinely amazingly interesting and it's
like perfect peace if you kind of forty
on holiday and you want to turn that
you're in a different city three sequels
and they're actually shot with
chronological perception in that they
are exactly timed today - like how they
would be in real time in the films and
the actors of age exactly that amount
anam oh oh it's just and it's just a
different kind of way of doing cinema
and I like it Julie and Julia you sing a
lot
are these rom-coms discussed when people
don't fall in love a rom-com
but are still pink on the cover is it a
rom-com according to the film industry
yes Julie and Julia is kind of about the
friendship between and two generations
but not because and they never meet and
it's just split between two time zones
it's Julia Child navigating France and
being the biggest most awkward and most
bolshy woman in France
it would seem she's played by Meryl
Streep and Meryl Streep is absolutely
 brilliant in this film and for
all of these those of you who like to
like to like watch films about people
who have like an online presence as well
because I feel like people avoid that a
lot in films because just hard to stage
and show isn't it and not age but they
do it really effectively here and this
carrot can start a blog where she
decides to cook her way through Julia
Child's cookbook like the traditional
way of cooking in a tiny flat in New
York and see if it's possible and she
blogs and she goes viral and it's all
offensive was about trying to achieve
this like self-imposed challenge that
almost breaks are not relatable in any
way I'm getting a bit dark next screw
Mozart business literally the most scary
I can handle my film sweetie challenge
for musical where all of the blood is
literally drawing red tape I will not
rest until I say mrs. Lovett somewhere
in the UK on stage all mr. Todd I'm so
happy I could eat you up I really could
and I love this because it has loads of
tropes you can literally write an essay
about if you could be bothered and its
operatic almost in its style of like
composition and the way all the music
fits together so one song I don't think
could exist on its own and winners award
on its own but together the
it's a little bit gross it's really dark
it's about eating people and the stage
show which I've actually noticed in life
often uses acting musicianship so all of
the characters play an instrument as
part of their acting and that's how they
communicate and that really excites me
too
so really versatile musical it's a
classic some of my favourite films are
musicals but I honestly think about them
as musical rather than just films
however this one gets on the film list
because I think the film adaptation of
it is absolutely if you would like to do
a video on my favorite musicals that was
that you know actually no that's just
going to happen I don't care if you
don't want to see it yeah it's just done
well like for anybody who doesn't even
like me because I'd watch that just to
see how well this genre could be done
where I really like to go in a year or
so don't you want to know do you really
want to know by the sea mr. Todd that's
the life I got children of man I didn't
like this film when I first watched it
maybe because it have sense scared me
but that is the kind of amazing film
critic I wasn't 14 ivory watched this
film many many many times and I think it
is phenomenal
this one isn't gratifying adventure and
it's not sad love story and it's not in
jokes clever artsy film it's all of
those things with none of those things
and it's got Michael Caine in it here
it's just like if anyone can watch that
see mystletainn of not cry like merry
christmas happy hanukkah good for you
this you can enjoy an opponent
superficial level and but you can also
enjoy a really critical level and
there's amazing amounts of like one-shot
move I did all the Turner's and and
there's lots of like paintings of stuff
in the background so like I started an
art fine art degree at some point in the
past we're in it's a long story
and so I could recognize a lot with
paintings and like stuff in the
background and like what they meant for
the plot which is like a really cool
thing and it just got so much attention
to detail that this film is a painting
is a masterpiece and it deserves
retreated as search so watch it a while
ago I did a video or finish the wash up
what you guys make it go so fast I did a
video on
films to watch for people who are trying
to write and not and the happy ending is
already on that list so I went explain
too much tears all in that video and but
it's an amazing film set in Edinburgh
it's an indie film about a woman who is
writing a novel and then her characters
start coming to life and she keeps
seeing them in the ladies room I don't
know what it is about this film but I
can literally finish it and then start
it again like it's just phenomenal
those were my personal only me just
personal taste favorite films ever if
there's anything similar to those films
that you think like oh really oh she
might like this let me know and also
like does it get you down about it
people just hate it on chick flicks man
I'm just like this is a genre in itself
or happy films in general people I think
a film can be good and have a happy
ending or like a good ending and I'm
like guys grow up pull your critics tens
out of your own are like Jesus Christ
you're not Shakespeare away with it
anyway from knockout what up chums over
every Friday by the sea
