well good evening we secretly annoy
myself for recording these so layers
currently 10 p.m. on the day this is
supposed to go up but it also makes me
feel like we've just been on a lot of
sleepovers together you know and just
like stay up with your friend and you
talk shit with them it feels incompetent
yet intimate so today is day 20 we are
halfway through and today I'm answering
the question from just a big violin who
asks what's the attribute you value most
in other people heart heart heart heart
well Rylan I saw about this coil and
links into a conversation I was just
having in the pub and instead of
lamanna's video so one now you get me
but with added Valcour but on the plus
side you get a more layered answer to
this question so I think that my answer
is I value the lack of attributes and
somebody not not that people don't it's
not that they don't and it's not that I
don't want people to have attributes is
that they're willing to give those up
and I think that is an attribute itself
for instance I was just listening to a
podcast on the way home called
code-switch and it was an episode about
being woke now I've been told by many
people as I had preempted myself that I
shouldn't ever use the word woke I am
far too old for that and while it's
weird I work in some industries
currently when I'm probably one of the
most woke and I actually find that
disturbing are the most work because I
really think I'm not he got me thinking
about conversation I was having in the
pub about how fast cultures have changed
and how little you know like when I talk
about myself as a millennial I really
can't I don't think I can talk for
people more than five years in with me
I'm 26 at the moment and I think I'm in
a weird generation because I really do
remember life about the internet does
anybody remember in Carter in Carter
with a program you bought on a cd-rom
and you installed into your computer and
it was kind of like Wikipedia before
Wikipedia but as a static thing that you
had to purchase for like it was very
expensive and then you could like look
up anything you wanted it was like a
dictionary but digital it was it was
insane I've told my friend in the pub
about how differently we got to interact
with social media when we were younger
so I remember having a computer when I
was like I was access to the Internet
when I was about 14 but it was only from
my hallway and like I was being surveyed
all the time and there was
really that much on the internet anyway
I got my first own personal computer
when I was 20 I think and I know in
terms of other people that crazy
business but being 19 or 20 that was the
first time I had access to the Internet
in private and I realized even now
sitting here that makes me sound old I
also didn't really grow up with social
media
I had a Facebook presence from the age
of like maybe 17 16 up and but before
that you had my space and my space
wasn't is placed where there was
continuous feed and conversation and
things you could get wrong things you
could say wrong it was more like this
sitting representation and also if you
want to cyberbully somebody you'd have
to design mellow or you'd make it your
MSN status which we could seem petty
let's you have to make your status
I hate Kirsty and then wait for Kirsty
to log on but also curse to interfere
because Kirsty probably hated you too in
the deleted your firmer sense not only
the our interactions of the internet has
changed
I also remember and trigger warning for
homophobia but I also remember there was
a hugely popular song in my school that
was deemed just hilarious so there was
nothing I remember than not being that
much rhetoric about how wrong it was it
was just this funny thing that people
song and other people were like oh and
and it went cuz you're a homosexual no
dick no balls no testicles the only
thing you wear is on your head why
because you're homosexual etc I was
thinking about of the day and I remember
not oh god it's so hard though remember
not really reacting to it in the way
that I I would have now or I hope that
people my age would have now Oh enter
school where the person who was supposed
to be running our PFE personal social
and health education class a lot of them
didn't really want to teach about
homosexuality because they didn't think
it was okay so we had to have a teacher
who did think it was okay to come in
teach us that lesson specifically again
I'm sitting on the vents between
something that was obviously on the way
to changing in that they allowed us to
learn about homosexuality
it was also tepid and rationalized in a
different way to edge sexuality and
ring-fenced in this way that was kind of
like well if you must and I think it's
really easy to get caught up in this
thing where like when I tweet something
loads people favourite it and when I
make a video
a lot of people can still go that's
great we're just good like you guys
thank you
but it means that I'm in as echo chamber
of praise when actually I really have to
remember my age and how wrong it's
possible for me to get things and when I
think about an attribute that I'm trying
to value myself it's that it's being
willing to accept that one of my
attributes might be being shit not
seeing my improvement and actually my
privilege and the completely wrong way
code-switch was talking about if it's
even possible to be a proper ally or
asset it's like an impossible task
really it talks about the fact that
being an ally isn't a thing you can't
have an identity as an ally
that's not a thing you're either being
an ally in a current moment it's a verb
it's doing word or you're not being an
ally and the thing about this attribute
that I value that is being willing to
give up most attributes about yourself
should you be called out on it is that
the attribute that affects my life for
most is the one that is most invisible
to me and that is race however this
podcast is also talking about the fact
that it's possible to be a shit Ally
when you are already in a marginalized
group I can be a sheis ally despite
being a woman because I can be a shit
Ally for people who aren't able bodies
or people who aren't Caucasian and fuck
like me but coming from my position as a
woman I know it's the attributes that I
find in straight white men I find most
easy to be friends with other people who
are willing to give up attributes of
their own self so people who are willing
to accept that their masculinity might
be a contract people are willing to
accept if we're willing to accept that
their view of what discrimination in the
workplace looks like might be a little
bit skewed my favorite thing about
people's personhood is their willingness
to give it up I expect my favorite thing
about people's personhood is their
willingness to admit that that is fluid
somebody else on the podcast was talking
about how being an ally is a bit of a
silly thing because it's implying that
what you're doing is standing with
somebody who is at risk whereas the real
issue she says is that you're rather not
an ally but just less of an authority on
a shit thing that is happening and also
maybe think about this idea of like
protection and running two peoples
defense this idea of and a lot of white
feminists calling out
feminists are not turning up to women's
marches about Trump when the black
people's argument is that we've been
turning up new things for quite a while
and when we you weren't here where were
you and thinking about when the alarm
bells go off and who we direct those
alarm bells that we shouldn't be like
this person in power is racist and
therefore and therefore my friends who
are perceived to be off it's more here
is the person in power who has displayed
some really shit character traits that
sound dangerous and also ill informed
this event hasn't just shown me that
these people are in danger but it's also
shown me that in the nature and the
character of this person and the nature
and the character of this person puts us
all at risk so the focus becomes less on
protecting and mollycoddling and and
cellophane wrapping a group of people
and more about homing in on the person
who is doing the attacking because
discrimination is addictive once you
fire away one type of person how long
does the filing go on for before you
have a forest of cabinets in a huge
shrine the size of fucking Paper Chase
full of categories and people who aren't
allowed what's the actuary evaluation a
person I think it's a really really good
question do you consider yourself woke
it's probably another good question I
definitely don't and also the idea of
work is this this thing this passionate
you can achieve and you're like yep work
now and whereas it's the act of being
awake right you have to keep yourself
awake it's being aware it's not really
knowing it's just being aware of all
things you don't know discussion I am
making 40 videos and meant each video is
answering one of your questions if you
would like to leave me a question in the
comments below I have 20 more of these
to go frog Smaug else
