I've been wearing this top all day and
the whole day I've been thinking what
does this color remind me of I got home
and I opened my toiletry cupboard and I
saw this do you know I'm gonna do one
matte lip paint does not a beauty
blogger make okay it's day 19 I was
officially broken frequent question is
what am i reading at the moment avoiding
answering this question because in some
circles it's embarrassing how much I'm
reading a word on not continuously
reading things through I used to feel
really bad about this and actually stop
me from reading as much because I felt
like I couldn't finish a book and it
meant I couldn't start another book now
I think about all the books I could have
read when I was enthusiastic about
reading but not enthusiastic about a
specific book and it seems incredibly
inefficient
just because an author has an idea that
lasts 300 pages doesn't mean your
attention span is also carried away with
those 300 pages it depends on whether
your interest in the subject if you've
even taken in by the characters if it's
the kind of book that really suits you
just because you haven't finished a book
in one sitting or continuously doesn't
mean it's not a good book and it also
doesn't mean that it's not a good book
for you I'm gonna talk you through some
of the books I'm reading in the moment
and why I haven't finished them but
don't consider them to be books I have
abandoned I frequently abundant books I
have a hundred page rule if 500 pages I
don't mean you a good writer or I just
not really interested in anything else
happens in the book I just I I abandon
it it's gone I picked up a book at work
today on my way home and I started
reading it on the cheap I got to page 26
when I had to change trains and I was
sitting on the platform waiting for the
next train and I was just thinking yeah
so I just put it down the bench and I
walked away it's not bad to abandon
books in fact it's very healthy to
abandon books you don't want to read
because there's so many of the books to
read in the whole world and literally
about 300 books get released every week
think about that it blows your mind just
like it's important not to date
everybody that's interested in you it's
also important not to read every book
that comes in your path okay so first up
is one that I have been reading for not
very long actually but I'm really
interested in it it's called the
Ministry of nostalgia by Owen Hathaway
basically so far he's unpacking this
idea of keep calm and carry on and this
like fetishize
of austerity in our culture how this
idea of me doing meant has made a
society there's a really question where
all of the real money is going it's
really interesting genuinely will review
it when I get a chance this one it
fascinates me and the reason that I
haven't finished it I guess it's because
I'm absorbing the ideas that I've
already had from it I really dog-eared
it quite a lot and I've been having lots
of ideas about the stuff I've already
absorbed so I think I just wanted I've
just been going away to absorb what it's
already taught me and then I can go back
and receive again once that bit sunk in
because I feel like if I finish it all
in one sitting it won't all go in
because I'm having so many revelations
so many revelations this one I still
haven't finished this is in proof form
it's anxiety for beginners and it is a
really really well-written and
commentary on the the science of anxiety
and lots of people's experiences with it
and as somebody who doesn't really
experience anxiety it's been hugely
helpful however because I don't
experience anxiety and it's not um when
I'm reading people's experiences it's
not something that I'm like oh yeah me
too it's more like is that what it's
like it actually kind of makes me quite
anxious and makes me it just makes me
panic a little bit I'll be honest just
because it's such an accurate
well-written book from what I can
understand and that's what I haven't
finished you but I welcome back because
I've already learned a lot from it and I
do recommend it genuinely I started this
when I went to Salzburg last year this
is the pursuit of happiness and why it's
making us anxious by Ruth Whitman and I
stopped reading this because I learned
so much about Silicon Valley I wanted to
go but look it I wanted to go away and
look it up because I was like I don't
really understand what she's saying
because I want to know who these people
are that she's talking about and I want
to know what these all these companies
are in the history of them it would like
the history of Google and stuff really
interested me so I wanted to go back and
like actually research the stuff that
she was telling me in it but I already
made loads of notes about my own
personal life in the margins so clearly
this has spoke to me quite a lot already
and I will go back and research that
properly or they might start from the
beginning again but I'm not that sad
about that because you're really
interesting nonfiction and I love these
non-fiction as you can tell and Caitlin
Moran manifesto I still consider this
not completely finished even though I
have read most of it because these are
wrap ups of her articles in The Times
and they're not really a Mensa cific
order apart from what she's chosen to
put them in I basically go through
whenever I feel like reading it I go
through
and I pick one that I want to read and
then I just take it off so I'm not
reading it all in order it also just
some I know I'm never going to read so
it's prably never go fish just stuff
about Doctor Who and because I don't
watch Doctor Who one is about Tom Jones
don't really care about Tom Jones
there's a few things I'm like these are
gonna be in jokes I'm not gonna get
because they were supposed to have
appeared in the national newspaper in
context of something else so yeah but
I'm really enjoying I've basically read
this one and also if I really really
love one that I want to revisit put your
heart by it and then this one is I met
lucky people which I've been reading for
such a long time it's about the history
of the Roman II gypsies not only have
you been putting the post notes in it
Bible so I've been making extensive
notes on the post-it notes there are
many people are a nation like few others
without territory national sovereignty
or formal institutions and with no
tradition of Agriculture or ownership of
land
unlike other groups that have won a
measure of inclusion in recent decades
they have struggled to have their voice
heard if they are to have a future it's
time we brought our thinking about them
after the Dark Ages and into the modern
world I really want to say a little
about this book as possible just because
um I want to finish it and I want to
like really appreciate and love it
before I talk about it properly but yeah
that's my fave nito or nonfiction is
definitely my thing audiobooks another
place where I have lots of currently
reading books you don't only have to be
in the mood for the subject matter of
the book you also have to be in the mood
for the reader moment I'm listening to a
book called black and British which is
about the untold / forgotten / hidden
history of black people in Britain exit
West by most of Hameed who's one of my
favorite authors and that's his new book
sorry I'm really listening to you the
art of asking you by Amanda Palmer and
I'm listening to design your life by
Bill burnish and Dave Evans which is the
most American self-help book I've ever
listened to and I'm not sure about it do
you guys have a huge currently reading
list all hey all the people that can
just sit down and read lots of books
chronologically one after the other
either way tell me were currently
reading in the comments below I'm making
40 videos in 40 days if you want to
watch the playlist you can click here to
do that thanks for watching and never
fail I will see you tomorrow
