this new art form is called YouTube by
the seat of your pants I literally have
to leave the house in ten minutes if I'm
going to get to a very important adult
meeting that sounds like I'm meeting
somebody waiting kinky grown-up meeting
and but I haven't recorded a video today
so I guess we're doing this and so today
I want asked answer the question and
which a lot of people have asked me
again I'm sorry I'm not putting people's
things and their puppets so many people
of us and why should I start a YouTube
channel like I'm scared to start a
YouTube channel is that the right thing
for me and it reminded me of a talk that
I saw Deborah Francis white do on
YouTube and who is the woman who runs
the guilty feminist podcast premium
content and she was talking about
comedians and how a comedian so that the
fear of public speaking is this like
evolutionary response and where you feel
like all of the audience are like lions
and you're a gazelle like that that
literally that the your physical
reaction to lots of eyeballs being on
you is to flee because it's telling you
that you are food and and what I think
is really cool about YouTube is that
that's you know you never see the eyes
like people like are you scared to like
share things Lola and it's actually it's
it gives this space for people who might
not do public speaking and might not be
the loudest people and might not get
those kind of platforms to share ideas
and to change to change the theme of
spaces so again like another thing that
people you know kind of say is like oh
and I can't do that because somebody's
already doing it or I can't do that cuz
I'm not as good as good as that person
and I just always feel like there's
there's always like there's always like
a vibe or a room to be changed and
there's I think if you love something
you genuinely see that there are
problems in or spaces and one um YouTube
is only ten years old and imagine I mean
it's more intimidating I think it's like
write a book or or or try and write a
song because because music has been
around for so long and books how many
books are there in a library book but
we've been YouTube I'm like
there's still so much missing we have
this tiny catalogue of human experience
and especially with the kind of the
style of YouTube videos as well like
it's such a new genre as watching a
really cool video on the nerdwriter did
on the style of Casey nights that's
videos and analyzing them in an
analytical way and I'll link that below
tags it was really cool but like with so
everything so new you know like why
wouldn't you want there's so there's so
little that's been said in my opinion
and it's kind of also just like you you
kind of only can imagine the kind of
YouTube videos that you would make by
seeing what has been made and like
that's not the case this there's so much
to promote guys and also like Deborah
Francis what I was saying about um
comedians and the difference between a
comedian and somebody who isn't is
somebody who walks into a room gets a
vibe for it see that everybody else is
already talking in pockets it's it's a
nervousness room in and somebody who
isn't a comedian would look at that
space and go oh I don't think this
room's for me I'm gonna I'll go
somewhere else and a comedian would walk
into the room look at this room we go
how can I change this room like this
room needs a new vibe and I don't
necessarily think that YouTube is the
best space for everybody at the moment
and but I also don't think that's a
reason to be like I think this room is
for me I think is there is a reason to
go write this around this room could be
better
um but it's a really valuable room and
it's a very unique room and I I know
what I want at least part of it to feel
like I'm gonna do that like why don't
you um yeah I think it's not like it's
hard because obviously I'm in like a an
extrovert
um and I'm okay with talking and two
groups of people but I think also like
chicken and egg am i only care okay with
talking to people because I've been
making YouTube videos and having to be
eloquent like this for like seven years
like what came what came first just the
question I think that's all I had to say
on this topic and yeah basically like
you're not you're not gives out keep
alone out to eat you and YouTube's
YouTube means that you can reach a lot
of people by not having to talk to
anyone
okay I like making YouTube videos in
summary I like them so much that I'm
making 40 of them in Lent sometimes
before very important meetings very
early in the morning and if you would
like to check that out I will leave a
playlist here and thank you for watching
folks not out
