so a lot of you been asking and since I
made my and what the truth about being
chubby video how I am getting on
treating myself a little bit pressure
I can't make feeling but answering this
because I like to be honest it's not
like you make a video about wanting to
treat yourself better and the
complexities of feminism and exercise
and you just like get better like you
just improve intrinsically I definitely
think in some ways I have been a lot
better and in some ways I feel at worst
but a big part of that has been just not
beating myself up about it not going
like bad diet equals bad person why do I
even try personally with an exercising
equals lazy person every single time I
do it but I am honest myself and I
always think like am i trying my best
and that is not always the case
however I just literally do the workout
which is why aren't you glad that
smellivision of the things I always
think that people who workout lot are
trying to look better but like in a
weird way that can't deeply be the case
for most and because looking better
often has the manifest first in looking
a lot worse the things that have been
doing I have been working out
however ungracefully and I have been
going to some personal training sessions
with my friend Amy from work and we've
gone twice now and it basically involves
45 minutes of a nice man kind of
shouting her over because she's so used
to working out and is a lot stronger
than me it really does motivate me and
she's always like come on Norman drug
yeah I love and so yeah it's kind of an
assault on the senses and I went through
all the time but I I have enjoyed that
that has been the thing I have enjoyed
down and then I've also just been
working out something that I used to do
a quite a lot it's a 30 Day Shred
with Jillian Michaels who is a
problematic heroine for our generations
but it is there are really simple 20
minute workouts I have noticed that
workout videos though that like does
never I try not look at the screen to be
honest like I know what X was lunging
but sometimes I just put my headphones
on because sometimes it's fine to see
them all on-screen and I don't mind it
but some days I'm a bit like can we not
have like some people that are going to
at least look like me or what I would
look like eventually but
of my hips and how short I am just means
that like I'm looking at them and I'm
like I'm literally never remember that
why do I have to look at them all every
bloody day but we need really is like
Barbie Ferrara or like if Cora Lawrence
to do a workout video because they're
like really fit like especially is
gorillas rented she's really fit she has
the kind of body that mine might looks
like if I got really really fit anyway I
also did an experiment why purposely at
breakfast and every day for a week and I
might sound like a really easy challenge
for a lot of people but for me when I
made to London I fell into this
ridiculous habit of not eating breakfast
at all because I reckoned I was really
cosmopolitan and like all I need is a
black coffee in the morning or like
sworn out with my black coffee like I
was a metropolitan dating columnist from
New York like stupid not forcing it to
be healthy it can be healthy but
sometimes it wasn't healthy and
sometimes I didn't feel like eating it
and sometimes it sucks because actually
made me feel a bit sick so I don't know
how to feel about that bye after that
experiment I have been eating more
breakfast I wasn't to turn into whole
video but I think a whole video about
breakfast is kind of dull don't you my
favorite thing to do is jog but because
it's so dark in the mornings here and so
dark when I get home and obviously I
have a full-time job so I'm not in in
the day and that's been kind of hard but
I'm really looking forward to picking
that back up want to get a bit lighter
because at the moment is just like not
safe for me I don't know I just don't
feel safe jogging in the dark the thing
with like some I don't know had male
colleagues in the past but like I jog
before work I'm like good for you so
slightly told me that I'm not safe
outside outside of daylight hours the
third thing I'm doing is going for more
walk so when people go on let's get a
drink so let's get the food I'm like
let's go for a walk so I've had some
really great walks with people recently
my friend Sam super Sam says we walk
like Trafalgar Square and then round
Buckingham Palace and then I'm all down
by Victoria back and forward back and
forward and that was really really nice
you might have seen earlier in the
project right me and my friend Jackson
walked all the way along south bank and
made a video about it and that's really
fun and I've just been like actively
being like when people go I want to see
you I go I want to walk with you if the
four thing is really just like dipping
into more things so that I've been that
good about to be honest recently but I'd
like to read more of fat as a feminist
issue which book as I talked about in
the first video and I'm really thinking
about this idea of like eating things to
protect yourself of the world to protect
yourself from scrutiny or sexual ization
by making
you stay a little bit fat and instead
going on the offensive and feeling like
to protect myself I want to be able to
literally take myself like I want to get
stronger I want to get leaner I want to
get more aware they're like just
actively changing that mindset when I
think about it has been really helpful I
hope that has helped in some way and if
it hasn't I'm just going to treat you to
some with my exercise shorts yeah now
never say you're sorry you subscribed
and I'm doing 40 days of videos this
month why I'm still taking questions for
the videos because I'm always like
running on different ideas and whatever
I feel like doing every day
so Duty symbol arrow and I might be able
to answer it maybe maybe tomorrow you
can say thanks for watching folks not
out
