the little guy no one wants to be the
little guy the little guy gets pushed
the little guy gets less but what if one
day the little guy gets Restless sick of
being tested what if one day the little
guy decides to stay little on purpose
doesn't look to be bigger just to be
better accepts that becoming the big guy
in a small way could make this all a
little matter pathological growth made
Alice grow out of her house and little
can be large if you don't sell up like
Faust there are as many ways to work as
there are to skin a cat so we're
allowing a little room to play around
with that money is important but money
has this weird way of somehow dictating
who gets a say in how they work and
where the why is often unchecked the
system is skewed who's dealing of the
deck keep the little guy busy and he
won't put two and two together fill the
cage with coins they don't see the bars
for the treasure when no one is winning
when hare and ice caps are thinning when
the golden thread of business becomes a
noose is trying to break out the
bootstraps and get loose the answers not
always in the pot it's in the strings
between the cans you know being small
together isn't always bland because
small is beautiful
and we believe better you can't get
shares in the stars so instead I suggest
we all go halves on a macro plan built
of micros keeping dreams big in the tiny
ensure that needs a little refining but
what better excuse to host a campfire at
dawn and talk over the sunrise about
greener grass a whole lawn of small
blades of beautiful standing together we
hope you'll forgive us we're not trying
to be clever when we say the value of
life is only as high as the currency you
trust and in a really big small way we
believe in the currency of us
so in the video I made about careers at
the beginning of this project a few of
you were interested to know some of you
even jubilant and at least relieved to
know that I didn't really know what I
wanted to do with my life still um and I
had a lot of like career success like my
LinkedIn looking pretty fly but I don't
really know what I'm doing and I don't
really like I feel like I don't know
enough about myself and about industries
and about how to fix the world that I
can say like this is definitely all I
want to do and I also think that the
world and industries and economy changes
so much that the world might need
different things at different times and
the way you can enact cool products you
want to do will probably change
depending on the economic system I
certainly felt that after brexit and I
feel that even even now going into a
very uncertain world diplomatic
situation but it's also not entirely
true to say I don't really know what I
want to do with my life couple years ago
some cool people who are part of a
movement called small is beautiful which
is a conference and just generally a
collective of amazing business and
people saw a poem that I did on my
youtube channel and went hey we really
like that can you write us one and that
was the first time anybody had paid me
to write poetry and that was like a
really formative moment I think for like
that part of my creative journey I could
kind of like knew that people got paid
for making art and poetry and stuff I
didn't like no like and that moment I
was like you're gonna give me like
actual money like it's a job like it's a
like it's a worthy thing to do be sure
and so I write them that poem and I
animated it for them that's the pony
just saw and it was showed at their
conference in Edinburgh I've never had a
poem showed in a theater full of people
before so I was like oh I'll pop up I'll
see what see what Scotland so I spent
the weekend in Edinburgh listening to
talks and from loads of people who owned
small businesses intentionally and about
why small business is important I don't
think the impact of that has become
completely external in my life yet but
it's definitely it definitely changed
something internally about the way my
mind works about my career and what I
want to do it would be a surprise to any
of my current or past employees to
here that I don't really like office
culture I don't think that 9:00 to 5:00
is the most productive and healthiest
way for people's mental health and and
people's lives to function I've also you
know written articles and written stuff
about how I don't think the publishing
industry and functions in its best way
sometimes and the most beneficial way
for everybody all I know is that I want
to like link those things together
like I would love to own my own small
business and intentionally keep it small
because I think it's best that way and I
feel like as well like a lot of my
friends and kind of me like occasionally
float on this freelance circuit popping
to an already established business or
you collaborate with an already
established company a company you do
like one or two tasks for them and then
you pay you a sum of money and that's it
but that's not possible for everybody
and I speak from an incredible amount of
privilege for being able to do that and
I think that it's sometimes arrogant and
also a little bit damaging to constantly
tell everybody that they should live
this kind of like neo business bohemian
lifestyle just floating around like I
wouldn't I don't know if I'd ever be
able to stay myself that way I kind of
like to but I know for most people in
the way that the world is structured
right now like if everybody became
freelancers tomorrow that would be like
it would be chaos so I guess what I'm
saying is I want to be part of like an
idea or a concept that allows that kind
of like self-improvement self-employment
and at least self management and
collaboration to happen like on a wider
scale I think it's better for
communities I think it's better for
politics I think it's better for
people's mental health that businesses
function differently to work houses
because essentially that's what a lot of
places have worked out as they've kind
of gone from we have a building we use
the machines we push things along the
machines we go home that might be
knowledge now you might be doing it with
screens but we're still sitting in rows
like we're sewing clothes it's so weird
and yeah like I kind of like looked at
the questions that you guys asked me
about like what do I want to do with my
life what do I want to do with my career
and it was like really confusing to
answer because I was like I don't have a
dad sort of sort of burden but then I
realized I do and it's inspired by these
people smallest beautiful when when I
wrote the poem they sent me loads of
like stuff about
there their organization and what
they're about and they sent me loads of
lectures to watch and I devoured these
lectures and I was spreading them to all
my friends and I was like re watching
them re watching them because like so
many of them just clicked with me and
it's real moment of like oh that's what
oh I guess I just want to use this video
to show you through my poetry and
through just chatting about it what I
like it's not really what my career goal
is but I guess it's like how I want
careers to function and how I want to be
part of that I don't know I just have
this idea in my head of like how I think
things could be better for most
industries and like I don't know what
I'm gonna do in the future at the moment
I'm business development manager I don't
know I'm gonna do in the future but I
know I know what I want it to mean and I
think is well like going off other
questions that you had from my other
careers video I think that's also like
really important to think about don't
always think about what function you're
having a company cuz ultimately like a
lot of jobs like if you do them every
day for like more than a year they do
become a little bit laborious and they
do become and that's okay like that's
part of work that's why it's called work
so like don't think as much about what
you want to be doing all the time think
about the kind of like people you want
to work for and the kind of like social
and cultural structure you want in place
there and like what you want it to mean
because ultimately it's very easy to
have an idea of what you want to do but
then you can easily go and do that job
and get you know then you can easily get
that spot and move into that place and
do that job and be that person and still
be ultimately discouraged because the
company you're working for you might not
be going towards the same goal as you
and that can really ruin the day today
if the like year to year doesn't look
like the inside of your head please
please please go and watch some of the
lectures below they're kind of like TED
Talks and but obviously this they happen
that it's morally beautiful I rewatched
them sometimes just to like grow this
thing that was definitely planted in me
on that weekend a few years ago in
Edinburgh just slowly chewing the fat on
what to do about that rimy again and the
poet and I knew it because somebody pay
me to do it
well okay that is today's video
completed what's your dream what's your
career what do you want to do I want to
know give me some ideas but if it
reassures you I am turning 27 this year
and I still have no idea frogs dugout
