some people say I read too many books by
women and to that I say star of every
good woman's movement needs fuel so I
just want to start this video by
thanking pin1 platform for fueling this
video and making it possible yes that is
a fancy way of things bond but aren't we
so used to hearing the words bond and
forget it what it really means
I've also support them with a pretty
snazzy and approached reading on their
channel so where you can go along and
check that out now or after you've
watched this one whatever you do use
today's of March is International
Women's Day celebrating the social
economical cultural political
achievements of women women women women
women women when you say women a lot of
times it starts to sound really weird
you know you're always talking about
will it be women would you be in the
ground care of things so few women have
been published there's a single shifting
baseline syndrome where you're more
likely to compare the way things are now
to the way things were two generations
before you so in the grand scheme of
that yes we're doing all right in the
grand scheme of bloody everything we've
still got a long way to go we've still
got a lot of catching up to do still go
on books we publish to that make it set
and coming from a two-child family and
being a very petty sibling I like white
things I just like things to be fair
okay now in fairness we did get a very
bum deal with the first book published
by a woman Julian of Norwich which could
have been a good book clear in a bad
book we don't know because we have to
learn about it through Marjorie Kemp if
anyone has done a literature agreement
for to read Marjorie Kemp send it up
send up but since then books also buy
women's and getting pretty body good
despite all of the efforts to stop us
from publishing or writing we're pretty
absent from most of history most holy
texts historically when we have managed
to write it's through a man stained as a
woman's perspective or we just lie my
George Eliot that woman had lady Bulls
however it does make me sad to think
about all of the books and stories that
weren't written down and weren't
recorded because women were kept
illiterate or kept from being able to
write things down or if they were
allowed to write things down
they weren't published and I don't
follow the women that have just died in
really horrific ways for being women and
we never know what books they would
written in summary eventually we all
stopped talking as a particular
importance of champing women's writing
in the world that day has not come so
not yet you still owe us about another
millennia one of your big questions is
always what feminism is sure would you
recommend Lina recommend some books by
women ahahahaha in this video I'm going
to be a whistle-stop tour of six books
by absolutely champion love and
celebrate they're written by women and
six books so I'm really really excited
to read the written by women so many
women say women again women weird word I
love my penguins
I mean people constantly disappointed
that the penguin channel doesn't run by
penguins but whether we always live with
disappointment I like lovely people at
penguin platform asked me to include
some penguin titles as part of my list
and that was so that was the easiest
some of the easy requests I've ever had
to fulfill they let me pick any ones I
wanted and a boy I've already read and
loved quite a lot of books published by
penguin uneasy so half of the books
Wheaton is lists are going to be penguin
Random House titles and half of them are
just ones from my shelf from publishers
and book people all over the world
anyone anyone just anyone
so recommendations first recommendations
and then TBR number one shouldn't come
as a shock to you absolute feminism 101
The Handmaid's Tale by Margaret would I
feel things about a lot of Margaret was
writing but this is the one that sticks
out to me is the most feminist this is a
dystopian world where fertile women are
treated as breeding animals and our sent
round to be impregnated by the married
men in the Society for women who can't
reproduce and it's horrific but so
poetic and so amazing and so many people
just look at this and go oh I didn't
understand feminism and then I read this
if you haven't read any Margaret I would
she is a master storyteller and this
book gave me the chills when I can still
see scenes from it in my mind it's also
really readable and the font is really
big in this edition which I like a lot
now this is not this is not an entire
surprise guys is kalimera I've been
reading the hardback this is the new
paperback without rules and Marana Festo
is a collection of her amazing essays
and mainly written so many times but
lots of other ones too close you don't
know cutting around is my favorite
journalist and
for me it's just about the skill of the
writing she's so concise most of the
articles in here only like two pages but
she manages to tell whole stories and
weave the whole world in that time and
her commentary on class is like
literally second to none
get it class joke and she writes essays
with titles like the real equality
checklist I can't stop this thing to get
lucky
the real terrible Sheamus benefits treat
a woman's monthly faultiness why we
cheered in the street when Margaret
Thatcher died and other great works and
I look at this a lot when I think about
the kind of writer I want to be and I
just I just I'm gonna I'm going to put
I'm gonna put you down Caitlyn because
you're making me I'm getting them it
takes like the way you given me the
chills I can't concentrate on the other
women in the room this one is a poetry
collection I realized I hadn't mentioned
before and I read it last year and it
absolutely floored me Jen Campbell and
his amazing booktuber and gave me this
poetry collection and whenever she gives
me things I'm like I will read that
straight away this is what we buried by
Caitlyn shield this is the first line of
the first poem in the book and it should
just give you like a quiz idea of what
it like and the first poem I wrote there
wasn't about you was in capital letters
like it was trying to compensate for
your absolutes I reminded her as a
spoken word poet I don't know she is
titles of the poems and stuff like it is
not your job the first word I will teach
my daughter the first worksheet to your
daughter is now um a lesson to my future
son and it's just amazing polemic and
just writhing feeding it's just a cat is
like angry so it's like really sharp
angry beautiful rich poetry and that
makes you warm to her even though you
can tell if she doesn't care Nina is not
okay though I'm not going to say too
much about this one actually because me
and my friends Hannah and Lucy read this
for our podcast and so we have reviewed
it at length there I'll link that below
this is a great fast-paced really simple
and like first-person narrative about a
girl who is suffering from an alcohol
addiction and also it's a bit of a
inverted commas flood that is she props
not this is an amazing exploration of
feminism and where it intersects between
sex and alcohol and she also have a
feminist friend in it as her best friend
and she's not the ones that enter
I think is really cool as actually
really interesting comment you on that
so I love I love you Nina and you will
be okay
maybe spoiler went are you I've talked
about this before but this is why God is
a woman this is a Majan Airy short story
collection of each stories like a
paragraph and they're all about this
island where God is a woman and women
rule and it's really weird and actually
takes apart it's not like this is a
great thing it just takes apart the kind
of dichotomy that have between men and
women our society shows you how crazy is
the other way around and it makes you
realize how crazy is this way around and
it it weirdly like is what men joke
about as fantasizing about it's like no
this is also horrific just in a
different way and it's I'm never gonna
be able to explain this book I'll
probably just keep mentioning it until I
feel like a radically it's plate and it
adequately explained it which will
probably be never never and then finally
this one I'm still halfway through so
let's not let's not on the gun but this
is a history of Britain in 2000 women by
Jenny Marie to presents women's hour
it's a really short and beautiful
rundown kind of like in the style of
like Bill Bryson or like amazing
historians who like make things really
relatable and simple even though they're
also not masking any of the facts from
you're not making feels cheated and this
this is a rundown of all of those famous
women in history that you pretend you
know something about but deep but dear
and also the ones who never heard of
their Buddha curse and while she was a
feminist amazing and Mary Siegel and Ada
Lovelace Mary Wollstonecraft and Aphra
Behn margaret thatcher's and they have
these amazing drawings the beginning of
every chapter and and I just think it's
a phenomenal resource for anyone who
doesn't want to and get bored by history
and the still wants to know about it and
got to show you this portrait through
the curse just fast absolute legend why
isn't that beautiful film where Helen
the bone Carter plays Boudicca questions
books that I am really looking forward
to reading oh gods weren't and I one is
picking my books or basically just like
penguins can I have can have this book
can I use any no how about now can I
have it
good night flurries from rural girls is
a new very very short collection of
illustrations and little rundown
paragraphs of amazing women in history
and they're all they all start with once
upon a time and they're just all about
how these amazing journalists and
climbers and ballerinas and
mathematicians and scientists on achieve
things but they're in this really
manageable packaging and the goodreads
children but I'm just going to reach
myself and each woman is illustrated by
a different female illustrator as well
Mehta feminism Kate Tempest the bricks
are built in houses and Kate empson's
when my favorite poets this is her first
novel why would I not why would I not
read this I'm so excited to read this is
this the one that I'm like ah started
really instead of like carry on with the
video Carol in the video and so Margaret
Hodge turns out to be an absolute
kick-ass woman and I first saw her
because she did an interview on in Jones
channel that I will link below and she's
now written a book called called to
account how corporate bad behavior and
government waste combined to cost us
Millions she was the chair of the Public
Accounts Committee for like years and in
2005 quit and as now we're in this book
about what she thinks we're really
wasting money in this country on they
feel like a lot of the time we go it's
probably not immigrants it's probably
our immigrants is probably not benefit
so the problem it's probably not that I
feel like that's not enough money to add
up the amount of money that we should
have and I'm hoping that this book is
going to give me an answer to where a
lot of the money really does go and and
at least being able to participate and
maybe start some of those conversations
about where the money is going because I
feel like a lot at the time I'm turning
around going pretty sure it's not just
foreign people that are the problem but
I don't have the answers and I want to
be more equipped and and I can just tell
that Margaret Hodge is a phenomenal
woman
now there's mr. form I want to read cuz
it sounds very funny and everybody says
it's funny and we all like to laugh
about feminism it's my favorite thing
people I like feminists are so angry and
they don't like to laugh at themselves
none like we are the funniest people in
the world and we will laugh at ourselves
for years on the back it just says can
women do be geniuses or are their arms
too short why did we only learn about
2/3 women at school what
other's doings and it's just a lot of
hilarious cartoons about women I'm so
excited to chortle out on the bus then
okay I'm mentioning this because
definitely mayor is a woman that I love
and she's a woman I really respect of
writing of I think Twilight was a great
series I also think that the host
another book she wrote she's one of the
best and dystopian books I have read and
so now she's written a book called the
chemist and she really excites me and I
like that she is so mainstream and she
and gives these female characters such
agency and I think her writing receives
a lot of misogynistic and kind of
commentary that if she was a male
officer she wouldn't receive and I just
I'm big fan of her sauce sauce this is
her new book and I trust her completely
I've really started this one and I'm so
excited to read more because it's
quality mass-market fiction which is not
an oxymoron and then lastly I'm really
really really excited to read this book
this is just Phillips every woman one
woman's truth about speaking the truth I
like it because the blurb start if
you're thinking just who then I'm glad
that there was something about every
woman and truth that caught your eye or
you might know me is the gobby MP
through how the tendency to shout about
stuff I care about because I'm a woman
with a cause I've been called a feminazi
which in a murderer and then threatened
with rape the internet attracts a classy
crowd this looks like the essay
collection I need in my life and I
rarely get to really hear from female
MPs I always just read commentary about
them and I should probably fix that also
JK Rowling think she's a heroine so and
we know that JK Rowling is the authority
on heroine so call me a heroin addict
now I am gonna do a deal without looking
after our homies so however you identify
you're welcome to go over and watch my
six six poetry video over on the penguin
platform channel leave a comment on that
video telling them who your favorite
female author is I need to win some of
the books mentioned in this video if you
K only and ends with 22 March so you
might want to skip on over there if
you're a Brit of hop grown up adult
responsible things in the description
like T's and C's so go ahead
then out I'll leave it below I hope that
answered your question thanks for
joining me again on 40 days of questions
because the questions you'd like for me
to answer in these 40 days leave them
below and I'll see you tomorrow
it's gone all right oh no no oh I'm
doing all right
sisters are uploading to themselves okay
frogs no doubt
