so I'm in Aberystwyth at the moment
which is all my favorite places on earth
and I thought it'd take a few moments to
tell you why when I was leaving school I
was really scared about where I'd go I
felt I had all these really good grades
and I had this kind of intellectual
capital that I had to use to the best of
my ability and it felt like a huge
business decision one that I wasn't
quite ready for and then I found this
place and it's been changed so
Aberystwyth is a mile and a half across
it has two clubs and 53 pubs
can we just take a minute to absorb that
fact is on the coast of Wales and it is
one of the most beautiful and
progressive places I've ever been
while a lot of my friends went off to a
huge city universities like Liverpool in
Sheffield I trundle to the coast of
Wales to live in what other people would
perceive as a small village if you think
a Burruss is small you'd be right if you
think it's boring you'd be wrong right
behind me is a huge Art Center where
they have theatre shows and poetry
readings and music concerts and lots of
other amazing things we have a national
library where in theory you have access
to any book that has ever been published
I studied English was I surrounded by
people who've got identical a level
grades to me no did that prohibit my
learning in any way oh no I think this
is really interesting assumption that
you are inherently made more intelligent
by surrounding yourself with people who
learnt and scored and theorized and had
very similar life experiences to you and
I just don't think that's the case here
I met the most diverse amount of people
some people that could have gone to
Oxford and Cambridge and some people who
never really wanted to I hung out with
people who are studying international
politics people who were studying
courses people who were studying modern
art science drama and even a girl he was
doing a dissertation on soil I found
that a lot of the lecturers had
previously lectured at Warwick and
Oxford and Cambridge and had come here
to live somewhere else to live somewhere
Pleasant somewhere kinds and where nice
so I got this amazing breadth of
intellectual teaching that was available
to me at the universities but not with
unlimited access to the sea and lots of
awesome people so no I went and did my
masters
Warwick University which is a Russell
group it's just below Oxford and kbreeze
in the league tables and I genuinely saw
no difference in the teaching I can tell
you that now and the student care and
attention and kindness and
professionalism was a lot better here I
lived in a big orange house with all of
my friends
we spent our evenings crab-fishing
drinking beer on the beach having
bonfires sleeping in caves
Aberystwyth kind of felt like a snow
globe because there's so many
international students here and so many
people from so many different kind of
class backgrounds as well that it just
felt like this really cool pocket where
I could learn about the whole world
while staying in one place I came back
here four years later to do a lecture on
publishing I walked into the local pub
and I still do loads of the people there
I met new people with the same
enthusiasm and warmth and intellect but
I think Aberystwyth will always attract
and I just wanted to encourage you
really that if you're thinking at the
moment about picking your University
don't always think about it as this way
to capitalize on your intellect it's a
really big opportunity to learn as much
as possible about yourself to live
somewhere that's nowhere like you've
ever lived before yes the jobs are in
the cities you have your whole life to
live in the cities I would encourage you
to think about different ways of living
in different ways you can gather as much
experience about life as possible while
you're at university and one of the ways
to do that is to not live in a city
while I was here I took part in theatre
shows are during debate societies
I read Foucault with ex Cambridge
lecturers and then I spent my evenings
swimming in the sea university is
expensive it's a huge time investment
make sure you're getting the most out of
it your personality because
employability isn't now really about
getting a first or a 2:1 it's about
being a well rounded intelligent broad
thinking person being able to work
alongside people who are different to
you and in every business knowing that
there is a different way to do something
there are people who say what is there
to do in Aberystwyth I can't have any
fun and Aberystwyth there's nothing
there and those are the people you
really don't want to be hanging out with
laughing yeah amy has really I am happy
to get that way G
