so sticking a complete choose up to last
year's news resolution which was to care
less about what people think I have
taken to Twitter and asked you guys what
you want to see on this channel in 2017
because who needs real content when you
could just people please a gentleman
that is never tweeted me before actually
called John burr here and said that he
would like to see the deconstruct
yourself until you're weeping on camera
tag now I've googled this tag and
doesn't seem to exist but I thought it
was quite close to a video that I see a
lot around which is reading my old
Diaries now a lot of people in this
video seem to pull out one or two or
three diaries I'm going to talk you
through how many Diaries I kept as a
child one two this is like a shame whole
three oh my god that was great four five
six seven eight
I've even got a legal disclaimer on this
one keep out and if you weren't sure of
my intentions this has got quote from
Proust on the front because I'm D 10 11
that was my stamp collecting phase
twelve urban babe must have made so much
branding money in 2013
ditto purple Ronnie purple Ronnie and
Hello Kitty was really into my branding
15 16 17 18
this one's really thick 19 20 21 we're
still going 22 23 24 this must have been
my poverty face 25 26 27 oh shit well no
we're never gonna know what's with this
one guys
that is hardware you can't fuck with 28
29 that is more Diaries than years I
have in this world so for your
entertainment and for the detriment of
my own mental health we're gonna read
some out for you cuz I even read these
since I write them okay this is 2001 so
I'm 11
was I too old for this kind of
customization okay this is cheese day
the 6th of February 2001 today was a
pretty normal day PR I TTY went to
school gave Jamie her birthday Prezi
homework homework homework at
most dear sixes just wandering about and
my making each other laugh
hanging out as you might say I fell it
wonders mum that's a evening to as you
might say 10 year old Lina you're a twat
as they might say I nearly died snoring
in science with mr. J after science mr.
J left us out early so we had to go to
mr. Tyrell Jade and Danny Jayden Danny
maybe they were dating having a little
argument probably dating and Jade said
Danny told her he fancied me probably
not dating them I don't know what to
think I don't really like him I'm
talking about going to this youth group
called jigsaw and like trying to fit in
with all of the cool people
we played loads of games in jigsaw and I
was laughing and joking with everyone
else it was amazing it was if I wasn't a
loose end following about all the
popular ones I was me all by myself
lately I've been thinking that all I do
is hang around with all the popular
people and sort of be a bit quiet I woke
up at 9:30 and in bed till 10 then I
went to drama I didn't get the part in
the Emperor's clothes I'll probably be
singing and dancing a small part Jen's
mom took us home and we asked if jenkin
sleepover my mum said yes and Jen's mum
said yes plan made we had a good time
first we made toffee apples with mum
then Jen tried to teach shadow new
tricks it didn't work very well shadow
was my dog we got out our makeup up 10
we got out our makeup and dense them you
don't need YouTube tutorials back then
you just got you makeup and you did sir
I swapped my clear nail varnish for
Jenny's to glitter ones we watch Parent
Trap and Jen did my hair in the morning
we put on a little glitter and went to
church that's very clearly the root of
all of my religious rebellion I'm gonna
end the story on the last entry I made
it I make a list of all of my friends
that I like in order because that's
where you put that stuff before my face
is invented and you had to rank humans I
know the last one on the list is
probably not my friend but I can change
that now I've decided something I'm
being myself
people who mind don't matter and people
who
don't mind okay I'm gonna do something
fun now by pts tell you about B day and
party later and then I go stood myself I
am literally a fat girl did not deliver
on telling myself about my own party
this is an excerpt from January 2004
so I'm 13 literally nearly sneered off
in maths well that's becoming a common
thread isn't it Lina had my eyes closed
and everything
lucky em was there to bring me back to
reality sciences okay I suppose apart
from the gross factor
it was fun you see we had to dissect a
sheep's eye ball ugh it was sick there's
a drawing there's a drawer II begged
here to come with me and M so we
wouldn't have to tuck the thing but
ended up being able to resist the goo
that's the stupid thing about me even if
it's something I hate I want to try it
just for the hell of it long this is my
friend rah left she she was moving to
work we shared it was like literally the
most tragic thing of my life and me and
my friend Jenn who fun fact is now in
the bottom skillet did I hurt anyway we
sang blink-182 in this service this is
with me it like a goodbye service to rob
and her family my favourite bit of the
service when Rob and Jen did a song
cover of blink-182 it's slow and
meaningful whenever I hear it I will now
always think of Ron and Jen prickles
came to the back of my neck as we also
and I'm lost without you again and again
couldn't help feeling that there was
greater meaning to this song yes I'm
afraid of being alone yes I am I'm lost
without you put it in the context of
Sara it totally goes yes I am afraid of
being alone but you've got your wish on
you John V here I'm already and living
the hell out of her friendship but I
know that it will make me a stronger
person for it 21st of February 2004 I
watch Billy Elliot v good a bit of a
slash day that means good bad slash this
one is July 2003 so I'm 13 look at the
background of these we take a moment to
look at the background of this paper
dear diary
okay I found a waiter's totally sum up
the holiday so far without spending a
long boring 10 hours explaining every
single emotion I felt over the past four
days which we can only imagine is a lot
a guide to surviving summer camp in
torrential rain rule 1 never paint your
nails pink and drip wet varnish on the
front of your magazine because you're
sure as hell open the magazine you don't
smear nail varnish all over your dad's
prized Caravan table I speak from
experience grave experience I kind of
loved myself at 13 rule number two
always check there are no nosy blokes or
anyone for that matter standing outside
the campus kitchen before you start a
loud round of harmonious don'know meas
part room with your cousin or during the
wash up again I speak from experience
Donna Donna momi Donna Domino me is part
of Donna Moniz I don't even know to say
anymore was a Latin choral round me and
my cousin used to know okay rule 3 never
ever peek under the divide between you
and your cousin's tent compartments with
the intention to chat to her you may
find a half dressed you may find a half
Greg just Rachel standing on the other
side cringe oh yes a mortifying
experience
rule 4 never leave your wet jumper on
the floor to dry yes it may dry
eventually but you'll probably get
splattered in the mud from peeps feet
all the painful experience well 5 always
know exactly where your most important
possessions are ie glasses it can cause
you a whole lot of worry seriously I
thought I'd be blind by the end of the
first week laughs Kathy by the way if
any of the confused like my name is
Kathleen and when I was younger I was
more commonly known as Kathy and now
more commonly known as Lina although I
answer to both see Kathleen magic okay
does anybody remember when the film just
married came out because apparently I do
I was on c24 Rome al in screen 5 of the
Coventry Odeon on the 5th of the 4th
2003 and we went to see the 12:30
performance because we are radical
I wore my huge purple and blue homemade
cords yes I did used to make my own I'm
not oh actually not fucking with me a
cute purple top and denim jacket for
that
more about that later okay I met Emily
in Katherine and Emma at the SkyDome
along with Kirsty who gave me a lift
their fill missile areas we had a laugh
went to McDonald's afterwards and
chatted loads this big group of 15 to 16
year olds were hanging around near our
table one of them asked me where I got
my trousers from I said I've made them
myself
and so then they asked me where I got my
bag from I told them France and they
looked a bit disappointed but smiled at
me like I was really stylish this story
is to be noted for my use of sharpies on
the front and but also because I put so
much artistic effort into it
there's the Bible I used to be a
Christian it's a long story but the
point is I've got lollipop I got
illustrations for more Christian quotes
she's got a great aesthetic to it
there's a plaster that I used once with
cocktail stick with some quotes here's a
leaflet from when I played mrs. twit in
the twits warrick legit illustrate Jack
Johnson lyrics so yeah for your time
Queens appreciate also that I have
coffee doubt all these texts I had from
a boy literally word for word January
2002 dear diary sat and son have passed
since I last wrote last night I slept
round Sarah's we drew all over each of
his faces would felt-tip I'm washing it
off again of course such a - piano
practice is why I've been doing most
evenings now Daniel Lee is lovely I have
to act his girlfriend in the Ponto rawr
is dead jealous I get to hold hands with
everything now this is the clincher of
the entry in Monica McKellen
Hector dies well I'm not 100% certain
all I know is there is loads of slow
motion in it and he sort of blows
himself up here's a picture of when I
dressed my brother up as a girl but I
think the world needs to see I remember
this being one of my favourite Diaries
like isn't this me I would 100% buy this
diary right now November of 2002 when I
believe I actually started to get wise
5th of November 2002 dear diary puberty
is such a con everyone wants to get
their loads the girls pretend they've
started their period before they have
did they really do that and half to get
as about class
shelf tissue up there bra to make their
busts bigger and lumpy I've even seen
Jen in tears because she's jealous of
everyone else's boobs but I hate puberty
periods for a start blood goes
everywhere pajamas knickers even with a
pad on sheets rugs it's so annoying and
washing if you forget to wash two days
running you start to smell like a pig
farm then there's hair I have such great
dramatic pacing even at a young age my
hair especially leg hair
I shave today and pressed a little too
hard with the razor and suddenly my red
legs are dripping in blood as if I
haven't seen enough of that icky stuff
for one day parents they don't even know
me
today when mum went out to choose a
video for me and came back with the
everlasting story a totally pathetic
kids film from the 17th worst of all
mood swings
one minute I'm really happy the next
foul and nothing could ever cheer me up
I am genuinely think that's enough for
me for now if you enjoyed this I have a
huge stack of more Diaries what's the
funniest thing you've ever read back
from a teenage diary tell me maybe feel
better ok frogs dog out
you
