hi delight and welcome to banging book
club this week we'll just kiss my frog
now if you haven't noticed because
you've been incompetent or maybe doing
other things and me and these two have a
book club on a podcast called banging
book and we upload every month and we
also upload video to each other's
channels and the whole theme of the
podcast is that we read a book about sex
this month is lolita great summary one
of the most hailed books about
pedophilia I've ever read I thought your
birthday of our time Oh wonder me most
or only I mean I think it's good to keep
books about pedophilia that I hailed in
the public eye to a minimum so either
there's only one or two yeah we managed
to read one of them in a - drink - cuz
perv yeah oh yes Paramus laughs and now
and we do noise reviews on the podcast
you want to repeat those what was your
noise review Hannah what was your night
Lisa to finish it and minority view was
so this is a book about a man who falls
in love with a girl who Lily Tony calls
a nymphet which is a kind of teats with
very specific kind of tweenager that he
thinks is it's socially acceptable
- seems actually fantasize about as soon
as you call in between it is really
makes me think of like it contextualizes
them in the modern day my god no your
fan yeah oh yeah like like busted were
trying on some level to make me sexually
attracted to them yes or no I think yeah
yeah I mean yeah Jane so Lily hi Ashish
I know you're right we did I was yeah I
didn't fancy all the men
oh no no Charlie from Buster's yeah
charlie and I think the way we're
marketed to is to feel this sexual and
kind of gravity towards older men and I
think that is arising streets yeah I
think going into this we'd all heard a
lot of things he has a lot syllabuses a
lot of people you meet and go all such a
beautiful book so well so
so for you and also for me we'll also
exactly 14 anymore so I need a cat
Lolita yeah it's a cute cat so Missy in
the podcast we talk about we do give you
a brief summary to what the books about
so if you haven't read me Lisa
I think the podcast is still accessible
and I'm going to talk about our feelings
about it society's feelings about it and
ultimately what we think we can learn
from it if anything I think I got a bit
too serious in that section Oh
two series where I'm just gonna buy from
I think no life item job
I think it's a really serious subject so
I think it's important to be a little
bit serious about it obviously we're
quite fun on buying book club I like to
quickly hung over a fun and then this
one is quite a serious topic and it's
beautifully written which I'm learning
about beautiful ooh Richard one of the
things that I definitely had heard about
going into it was that it was
beautifully written yeah but I also
think that that can be subjective so you
didn't think it was beautifully better
you kind of did not behave in it I'm not
really one to like notice things if
they're beautifully written unless it
really jumps out at me my trumpet was
that's effectively like that to me I was
like oh where is this like I could tell
that it was like poetry but I can tell
it wasn't like normal prose but I just
found it difficult to understand and
read because I'm a bad reader and
Carberry classics where they find me
very in excess inaccessible oh yeah I
found this inaccessible because I think
their major plot points are just like
completely missed and characters also
flying away home I like the struggle of
reading in classic yes um and I relate a
story driven I love I really liked the
language so yeah if you want to join us
at buying book club we'll leave all the
links below we read a book every month
next month is how to build a girl by cat
no I fell Oh God they always sat on poop
just to clarify you see set on this
would be something you'll actually sell
food this kind of shit on that well very
funny
I don't know follow me how this
predatory well there might be a podcast
next month I'm not sure oh my god
and we're going to be reading how to
build a girl by Caitlin Moran I'm also
going to be announcing our series for
next year's we're going to be doing lots
more book and it's going to be amazing
and if you have any really pressing
requests about anything next year do
tweet us them and not say we're going to
do them but we do want to people you're
gonna have a big finding but could
meeting where we devise the reading list
yeah virus did all of your suggestions
through completely and demonic bring a
bit reading list next year because we
like sex um you like books yeah okay and
in the pine thoughts a hashtag bangs
book club yeah this is Hannah Witton
that is Lucy me oh yeah hi a min
leonov's
you know you know the drill you know the
joy you've been there before Frank
coming up from a log out
