so some of you will have seen my video
called how cruel is my makeup bag it's a
game show in which I find out how fucked
up the beauty world is I have been
making changes over the past few months
and using my smarts to improve the kind
of things I fill my makeup bag with but
it felt kinda weird to make another
video about animals and their welfare
without talking more about the human
effects of why by a combination of
reading the magic art of tidying and
finding this adorable video that I made
about five or six years ago look at
mini-me and it's called five ways to
change the world and it was ways I
wanted to make the world better
I succeeded at some of those I did adopt
a child for a while and pay for her
schooling and while I was at university
cuz I was working like two jobs three
jobs I think and I did start turning the
lights off more there's lots of things
that I never really followed through on
that video and while a lot of the things
20 year old me said with cringy I also
felt I owed past me and Oh God and over
the world and a little bit more
attention when it came to what the hell
I do
with my money I have a really complex
relationship with clothes I think
because the first amount of financial
freedom I got was being given a clothes
allowance by my very kind parents they
gave me 30 pounds a month I remember
when I was like 16 and that was like all
of the clothes I was allowed to buy
every month and because clothes were my
passion at that point and that was like
my big hobby was to find clothes and the
way to make that 30 pounds go a really
long way it was to buy the cheapest
amount of clothes find the most amount
of deals so I could feel the most
wealthy like I felt like I got the most
and that was the way that I trained
myself my teenage self into buying was
to try and get the most out the smallest
amount of money which in theory is a
good thing also in my defense being a
teenager in Coventry is super boring and
you either go out into town and buy from
H&M at the weekend or you take drugs
however as I got older and got more woke
am I getting away with saying the word
work probably not I start to become more
aware of how much I share the world with
other people as social justice warrior
that sounds and by the way the word
social justice warrior like bugs me
because I think I know it's used to
refer to the negative ways
like they've elevated themselves above
others by doing the right thing but I
honestly now also believe the default
way that we consume is this way of
saying I won it's a way of going I share
the world with everybody and I win I get
the most I reward myself with the most
because I earned it
surrounding myself with possessions I
thought I was surrounding myself with me
with like material aspects of me with
representations of me and as a way to
solidify my identity in my house in my
room and among my friends after about 10
years of this I found that was
backfiring my clothes are falling apart
I kept losing interesting clothes but
still wearing them because I felt like I
needed to get the wear out of them and
the clothes that I spent hours
painstakingly selecting - I don't know
assembl√© me started to wear out and that
was really sad because I'd fallen in
love with his clothes and I didn't get
to keep them because they started
getting bubbly and holy and stretching
and becoming not clothes I also realized
something profoundly hypocritical about
shouting refugees welcome from the
rooftops but at the same time actively
participating in this mechanism that is
designed and is tailored to make their
countries unbearable this isn't gonna be
an edgy fest on all of the reasons why
the clothing industry is the way it is I
will leave lots of links to that below
but I have shuffled together a list of
things that I'm doing in my life to make
my wardrobe look more like my mind one
way is to try and find clothes that last
and this has been you know partly
something of a like rich exercise where
I'm like oh so rich I could buy like
real expensive things that last a long
time but there's lots of expensive
things that don't last a long time so
I've started saving and investing in
pieces that I know I can fall in love
with it's kind of selfish I'm now
allowed to get attached because I know
there was a longevity to our
relationship the first thing is this
hunter jacket it's like a waxed proper
farmer's coat that is so comfy so warm
and it's crosses over my next week's
I've got it from a charity shop for 30
pounds but it's seeing those items and
grabbing them when you see them because
you know what you're looking for and you
know that you want to invest in a piece
that will last a long time you can get
this jacket re waxed later in life you
can get it realigned and it's got really
really strong a zip so I know the zips
aren't gonna give up on me like
every single Hank genome coach I've ever
fucking owned it's got lots of pockets
on it bloody beautiful
I've also surrendered myself to the fact
that I need shoes not trainers actual
shoes because I'm an actual adult now
and I have to attend an actual adult
workplace I've found all of these silver
brogues I got from a charity shot for
ten pounds over from new look and they
fell apart
pretty much as soon as we started
getting serious so I've just invested in
a pair of Doc Martens I actually own a
pair of Doc Martens that are twenty-two
years old they've been passed through my
bestfriends big sister my other friends
big sister then they were down to my
friend and then they were passed down to
me and they are still going strong I
haven't even had to like resell them or
anything so I know these shoes will last
my fickle fickle tastes which are
miserly as I'm getting older do settle
down and I know they can last me forever
so I'm so excited to start this journey
with you
Doc Martens the second way is charity
shops I love to do more stuff on cherish
shops because actually like one I think
lots of people go to coffee shops or
concerts or woods to feel calm I feel
like my tranquil place is actually
charity shops that smell like a weird
mix of detergents and finding pieces
that people have thrown away that are
like amazing it's worth travelling to
richer areas if this is a weird convent
but it is worth travelling to richer
areas so for instance when I lived in
Coventry I used to get the bus to
Kenilworth because that's where all of
the rich people live so I'd go to the
charity shops and me and my friend who
spend the day in the charity shops in
Quetta worth finding like monsoon and ms
and lots of other brands that people had
just discarded because they're like rich
enough to do so
there's also lots of other especially in
North London and there's lots of really
good charity shops from some really good
things so think about instead of popping
in to H&M after work to like panic buy a
top just to make yourself feel good
spending a day rummaging through
everything it's so much more satisfying
and it's so much more like yeah I one
when you find something that's
secondhand but hasn't been as loved as
it could have been another way is buying
new things from brands that you know
care there's people tree there's
Braintree here is a beautiful dress I
got from Braintree a while ago there is
American Apparel who don't use
sweatshops I do favor them over using
brands like H&M because while H&M can
make their feminist trailers about how
much they love women and I would rather
buy from a brand that doesn't use
sweatshops
and has questionable advertising then a
brand that is smoke about having eco
cotton and feminist adverts but actually
abuses a lot of people and doesn't pay
their tax this personal solution of mine
I know their problems to the American
Apparel but for me when I'm looking for
a basic t-shirt I will go to American
Apparel over H&M now and that'll just
make me sleep better at night you just
do whatever makes you sleep better night
there's also this brand but I found I'm
not just ripping for you I promise this
is a brand that I found on Easler jacket
that I'm wearing right now and it's
called milk it that's the brand and they
basically use offcuts of material to
make new clothes this is a beautiful
military jacket I've been literally
wearing every day it's not perfect but
at least I know that the material that's
being used is stuff that would have been
thrown away or discarded by the normal
fashion industry oh I also bought
tradecraft love by most sixty year old
women in the UK actually it's really
cool and this is a handbag that I bought
from them for eight pounds just a simple
black fabric Hamburg and I use it every
day and I was looking at loads of like
beautiful handbags in accessorize but I
know from experience that the pet
pattern on them kind of rubs off
whenever you carry them for a long
amount of time and I just felt better
with fabric it also means I can wash it
more so if I ever decide to be a
hygienic person I can do that
tradecraft have lots of bags and purses
and cushion covers and fabrics and stuff
like that that is all completely fair
trade so it's amazing a nice thing I've
also just changed my thought processes
while I'm in the shop potential cause
actually recently where the woman
pointed out that they used to be four
seasons in fashion and now there are 52
seasons every year in fashion because
the stock in shops changes every week
and I know the fashion industry is
designed to make you feel like if you
don't pick up that item now it won't be
there in a week and that is crafty and
I'm like being tricked like that there's
lots of impulse buys I bought because I
think I want it but I'm not sure but the
dread of realizing later that I wanted
it and then it not being available to me
is like unbearable for some reason when
I do by mainstream clothing and I try
and buy from ASOS just because
everything that's on sale there or
available I can return within 30 days
and so it's worth me ordering things if
I'm pretty sure about them but
70 sensual seeing if they fit and if
they work and if not I can return them
within 30 days whatever whereas it sale
items in shops you can rarely do that
which sucks there's also some good
advice I read about online that tells
you that you should look at an item and
decide whether you would wear the item
30 times and before you buy it and then
see if you do I used to buy a lot of
like sparkly tops and things and like
really cheap material clothing that I
knew I wanted to wear to this specific
party but then I never wanted to be
seeing it again because I'm so exclusive
like that but yeah there was stuff that
I knew was like just like just right now
fashion or like the t-shirt had a slogan
that was a joke of that week and then I
knew is probably gonna get rid of it or
never wear it again thinking really
carefully about what you have in your
wardrobe that would go with that item
before buying it and knowing that you're
gonna wear it a lot and you're gonna
love it oh yeah I'm also trying not to
buy pajamas which is a weird one but
I've realized that tops that might have
gone bubbly or like a bit out of shape
and and aren't fit for the public's eye
consumption of my body and I use as
pajamas because then they get a second
lease of life if you go straight like my
parents and they like chopped up
underwear that has gone wrong and they
use as dusters in the house but that's
my parents
yeah it's thinking twice before you
throw something out and see if you use
it for another purpose also making sure
clothes that you want to get rid of go
to an actual clothes recycling point
they are around do you find out where's
where yours are and make sure you get
them in there because it's better to
recycle the man you can't put them in a
bin multi buying is also a blessing and
a trap so I have this tank top from
American Apparel and I bought four of
that tank top in different colors
because I knew I would wear it and I
have I've read I've worn every single
one to death so there's some times when
you know like a cut and a material
really suits you and you want to like
invest but there's also times where I've
bought lots of different kinds of top
that are similar just because I have
this anxiety if there's a lot of like
body image and how I'm seed where I have
a fear of that moment way you're really
late and you're supposed to be going
somewhere but you can't find anything
that feels good in your body and that
fits and you want to have their most
amount of available items so that you
won't get into that situation and the
more clothes I've accumulated more I've
called bullshit on that doesn't happen I
times when that nothing feels right but
it's more likely to happen if all of
your favorite clothes are on the rail
and all of your clothes are somewhere
else on somebody else's body in somebody
else's charity shop you see I mean
feeling better in my body in general has
helped and not giving as much of a shit
about what people think about me and
only at the house but recognizing when I
do try and panic accumulate clothes that
that's the reason not because anymore
clothes is actually gonna make me hotter
in the long run is this something you
guys ever think about I never want it to
be like point the finger because you
know social justice warrior not a
reliable earth interlude favorite song
from my childhood when I point my finger
at my neighbor there were three more
pointing back at me the first one says
now easy mate you ain't cleared the
rubbish you wrote back gate this is very
preachy video but I guess when you like
care about something you want to talk
about it and there's like this really
fine line between people perceiving it
as this preaching thing and this thing
that you're just excited about and for
me it's just something I'm excited about
I'll leave links to everything that I've
talked about below along with the
documentary that is available on Netflix
called the true cost frog snog out
