I feel so weird it isn't gonna feel off
everybody I feel like I've aged about 20
years since I last sat down and just had
a chat on YouTube but unfortunately it's
something I fundamentally believe in as
a practice and also what I have to make
it so serious and also it's just bloody
fun so I'm going to sit down again and
do that even though we've been through
so many postmodern phases of this
channel that it should not surprise you
I have no idea pace to do this thing
that qualified me as a booktube channel
where I sat down and I talked to you
about books and we haven't done that in
ages first of all and something I've
been tweeting about and wanting to tell
you about properly for ages but just
haven't had the time to sit down and
make a video about is that I'm in an
audiobook this has been one of the one
of my dreams well forever the powers
that be heard my voice in one of my
videos and was like would you like to be
an audiobook actress for this book and I
was like sure it's a grip lit thriller
and I play one of the three actors in it
I am the 15 year old girl who is in
therapy so those three characters in
this book and I'm really one of the
characters so one of the actors who's
playing and the main guy is emailing me
to be like let's coordinate on accents
because I have to talk like you do you
have to talk like weird I'm like cool so
I'm gonna call him Jack yeah exactly at
the moment I'm having Spanish okay so
I've spoken to Jack and just let him
kind of hear what my voice sounds like
really because he was like what accent
you doing and I'm like I'm doing my own
one because I think that's why I was
picked and he was like cool so I think
he just kind of listened to me speak for
little while I was like I care I get the
idea that's something that never
occurred to me I'd have to do it's not
like it there to show me you gonna kind
of have loads of like rehearsals and you
coordinate how you're gonna do it you
just kind of have to do it you're
playing these parts at different times
in different places I guess I'm gonna
panic about playing a span
nice for a section of it which frankly I
only just realized I had to do so I've
been googling madly Spanish accents I
got to go to the studio and I got to
work with the producer and I got to play
one of the roles in this book which is
the beauty of the end by Debbie Howells
it's in the direct Smith top something
it's very cool book very cool very
crimey very scary I'm I'm very scared of
the dark okay now get really nervous
it's a face faceless that would be
terrified it's a woman's faceless voice
what I'm say fixated on laughs yeah it
was just one of the best experiences
ever and I just wanted to mention it to
you and a lot of people in the comments
have been like you should do an
audiobook and so now you have an
audiobook it's actually really weirdly
really relaxing if you ever watched
foolish notes she always talks about how
she reads books aloud with blue reads
books aloud with her husband and it was
just one of the most relaxing
experiences ever and I just wanted to
thank Joe the producer for making me
feel so comfortable being so awesome
it's actually harder than you think but
the kind of act of concentrating was
like really relaxing and I just really
enjoyed it so um if anybody I'd really
like to do some more audiobooks just
myself of books that are in the public
domain so maybe like a Room of One's Own
by Virginia Woolf or something like that
I don't know so if you have any
suggestions of books that you'd like me
to read aloud put them in the comments
below because I really enjoyed it and I
find it really relaxing so yeah that is
available on audible if you would like
to buy it but not a plug cuz we really
got paid to do it if you want to buy it
you should because it's actually a
really really great read and also you
can hear my dulcet dulcet tones and
pretend I'm sitting at the end of your
badge telling another story
I think I might be the only booktuber
that's really into self-help like we
know if there's any others but like I
feel like self-help is gonna be my new
niche as a booktuber this is what could
do purpose it's part of the du series
and this one is called why brands with a
purpose do better and matter more this
is a really really fast read it's got
lots and lots of pictures in it I read
it in about an hour and a half and if
you are thinking about trying to change
the world but also thinking you might be
a little bit dick and quite naive this
is a really great thought experiment and
like motivational points to work your
head around and try and think about how
you would execute that without being a
dick it talks about not relying on good
principles to sell a bad product and
it's also just loads of really good
things to think about when you're
thinking about whether it's possible
that you could start your own business
or maybe try and change an industry
there's an example of a page I really
really like and the competition have
more of everything than you more staff
more history more distribution more
patents more sales more infrastructure
more contacts more marketing more money
and it goes on like that and the other
side says the competition have more of
everything in you more meetings more
committees more red tape more politics
more internal fighting more rules more
regulations more ideas but being killed
by research than you will out to dated
business models more demotivating staff
than you more people wondering what was
this company all about the new have some
ways to take care of yourself while
you're trying to do a cool thing it has
some really like hard-hitting stuff
about just putting in the hours and
firing people that don't work and it's
just I really really like this series
and things really could have more I also
have do you story how to tell your story
so the world listens and also do
improvise less push more pause better
results in your approach to work yeah
and this one's just a reminder they
killed a boy banders out it has a cooler
cover now doing and but I talked about
this one last year like literally about
eight months before is out and I was
raving about it so I will link my video
below about that but it's basically a
really intelligent well executed easy to
read meta study of fanfic but as a
rom-com between four girls who
accidentally kidnapped a bat and called
the rupert's who are surprisingly I
don't say quite like one direction and
they kidnapped them in the hotel and I
may or may not kill one of them
really dark by of it the banging
book club is book club that I run with
two of my best best friends in the whole
world how nor am Lucy and last month we
read trumpet so I just wanted to flag
but that's the thing there's a product
link to the podcast below I got to
actually spend some time with Jackie Kay
touring with her earlier in the summer
so I'll link that video to below I did
with Pam at Miller Jackie Kay is a gut
changing poet and this is the only book
that she's written it is one of the most
hearty sweeping poetic looks at the idea
of privacy and gender and it's amazing
and then lastly I just wanted to quickly
talk about who reporter who reporter I
was so nervous about this book coming
out because I didn't really know what I
wanted it to be and turns out that is
exactly how I approached the first Harry
Potter and that's why my relationship
with JK Rowling still works because I
never I never want to come to one of her
books and think this is what I wanted to
be this is what I'm owed and come away
feeling disappointed because I don't
treat any other author that way and I
nobody should treat her that way so I I
wrote a whole article that I will link
below about what I think about people
who don't like this play so if you want
to read about my thoughts about that
I'll link my article below and but Harry
Potter the cursed child man made me
crying ways I didn't know actually can't
really react to this properly either so
this isn't really a book review because
I need to reread it because I just um it
was my voice is wavering and this was
everything I needed it to be and
everything that I think JK Rowling
needed it to be and that's the most
important thing right I have tickets for
2017 in October so a year in a bit away
but I will see it eventually Pottermore
also sent me an amazing box of treats
the unpacking of which I put on snapchat
what
and but basically they've also released
some a shorts which look really bloody
cool so I'm so excited to read those the
journey continues man the journey
continues and I'm gonna try and read
reread all of the Harry Potter books as
well I have so many feelings about this
but if you like more eloquent ones you
should probably get listen to the
podcast which please which is by the way
my favorite podcast of all time
and it's all about Harry Potter I've
read 42 books this year and I reviewed
about 10 so I will get around to that
some of them will be quite sweeping but
in some ways has been nice because it's
been proof to myself that this channel
just isn't just about books it's about
poetry and thoughts and other stuff that
I've been doing and it also proved to me
that I definitely do read for myself I
don't just read to review or read like
do YouTube so that's been really nice
sorry I'm just sleepy and flaafy in this
video I'm just like what is YouTube what
is life so nervous a friend of you guys
some reason I don't know why what are
you guys reading at the moment let me
know and I will speak to you in my next
video ask me what I remember most about
my granddad which coast always have one
foot planted on whose hand I can still
feel on my
