this episode is sponsored by better help
stay tuned for more information at the
end politicians often blame video games
for some of the violence in our world
and while it is true that the top five
most popular video games right now are
all shooter games do the guns on screen
really translate into aggression in real
life can video games make you violent
one of the main arguments people make
against video games is that they prime
kids to be violent priming is a non
conscious form of memory where one
stimulus influences the response to a
subsequent stimulus for example if I
said the word yellow then asked you to
name a fruit you would most likely say
banana this led to a study in which
researchers had participants play one of
two games one game where they were in a
car avoiding collisions another where
they were just a mouse avoiding a cat
following the game the researchers based
on priming hypothesized the players
would be faster at categorizing objects
associated with the game they played
more quickly in the real world so the
players looked at pictures of things
like a bus or a dog and were asked to
quickly label them either as a vehicle
or an animal those who played the car
game were no faster at categorizing
vehicles and those who played the cat
game were no faster at categorizing
animals in fact those who played each
game had a slower reaction time to the
related category meaning negative
priming might actually be occurring Oh
science ro is just messing with us
aren't cha but unlike the 8-bit games of
our past today's game designers are
capable of producing incredible graphics
therefore another criticism is the more
realistic a game the more likely it will
activate aggressive behavior to study
this concept one study had participants
play one of two Kombat games one where
the characters were modeled using
ragdoll physics movements modeled off of
the human skeleton which means they had
very physically realistic death
behaviors the other game used deaths
that were extremely unrealistic
afterwards aggression was assessed via a
word association test and the game with
the more realistic deaths showed no
increase in aggression of the available
research most find no link between video
games and violence a meta-analysis of
studies showing a positive link between
games and aggression found that they
often used in
give lab tests of aggression for example
measuring brain waves and heartbeats
which doesn't necessarily translate to
actual criminal behavior and in the past
when a correlation has been found it's
been week criminologists who study mass
homicides refer to the link between
violent games and crime as a myth in
fact in 2011 the US Supreme Court ruled
that research did not find clear
connection between violent videogames
and aggressive behavior unfortunately we
all know how often after a crime video
games and violent media get brought into
the conversation but the truth is this
might actually be distracting from the
more significant causes of violence
thank you so much to better help for
sponsoring this video as someone who has
had therapy benefited my life over the
last three years
better help is an accessible low-cost
way to access a licensed therapist
something that we all can benefit from
so you have to be 18 years or older to
use a service which gives you access to
licensed therapists through chat text
your phone and online video you can even
start now by using the link below and
connecting with a licensed therapist
within under 24 hours it's important to
know that this is not a crisis line but
a way to schedule video and phone chats
with licensed therapists for a low cost
of $35 to 65 dollars a week better how
it makes therapy which can be
intimidating and expensive feel secure
convenient and affordable head to better
help calms lash ASAP to check it out
thank you so much for watching and we
will see you next week for a new science
video peace
