let's face it you're likely watching
this video in an effort to avoid some
other tasks you're procrastinating to
learn how to stop procrastinating but
the clock is ticking so why can't you
seem to stop though the psychological
causes are still debated there's a human
tendency to over or underestimate the
value of a reward based on its temporal
proximity this is often referred to as
temporal discounting for example if I
offered you $100 today or 110 in a month
most would take the hundred and run but
what if instead I offered you 100
dollars in a year or 110 in a year and
one month suddenly you might say to
yourself if I can wait a year
I can wait the extra month but the time
and value difference are the exact same
in each example it turns out that human
motivation is highly influenced by how
imminent the reward is perceived to be
meaning the further away the reward is
the more you discount its value this is
often referred to as present bias or
hyperbolic discounting so being on
Facebook reddit Twitter or YouTube is
more rewarding than a perfect score on
your test until temporal proximity
increases the value of a good mark on
your chest and you cram all night on top
of this every time something enjoyable
happens you get a dose of dopamine which
modifies the neurons in your brain
making you more likely to repeat the
behavior the problem is video games or
browsing the Internet provide many small
quick and continuous rewards unlike your
term essay which is a one-time future
reward so how do you overcome the
intrinsic urge to put off so many tasks
unfortunately there isn't just one
solution but try rewarding yourself in
intervals with a snack the internet or
other enjoyable activities the Pomodoro
Technique makes use of a timer work for
25 minutes straight and when you're done
this give yourself the reward in a
5-minute break then start the working
clock again gradually increasing the
amount of work time you put in will
improve your high-level executive
functioning acknowledge your
procrastination your future self will
procrastinate it's been shown that
creating a self-imposed costly deadline
is an effective way to manage your
working habits with externally imposed
deadlines being even more effective also
try and enjoy the process of achieving
something instead of thinking only
our minutes of torture try thinking I'm
doing something great or I enjoy being
productive to the same token make a list
of the reasons you want to complete the
goal reinforcing that you want to do it
minimizes indecision oftentimes
procrastination is a symptom not a cause
and the power of being properly
motivated can take you far finally if
you can remove the temptations turn off
the internet uninstall your favorite
game or work somewhere else putting
obstacles in the way of your
procrastination tools can be a great
trick to keep you on track got a burning
question you want answered ask it in the
comments or on Facebook and Twitter and
subscribe for more weekly science videos
