while most jewelry comes from precious
stones and jewels found in the earth
you've heard that pearls all rounded
shiny come from oysters which just so
happened to gracefully open their mouths
and let us take the perfectly formed gem
for our own use
sounds right right well if not why do
they make pearls as it turns out shell
demolish such as oysters create pearls
as an immune response to foreign objects
oysters are by valves which means their
shell has two parts inside these shells
is an organ called the mantle which
releases a substance called knacker made
primarily of calcium carbonate this
knacker is responsible for the
production of the shell pearls are
formed when a foreign substance or
parasite makes its way between the shell
and the mantle this usually happens when
the oyster has opened its shell for
feeding the foreign object gets into the
mollusk which then releases knacker as a
protective measure wrapping the foreign
object up many times over this process
is similar to when you get a splinter
and happens over years eventually
forming a beautiful pearl unfortunately
for you splinters don't make pearls over
the years science has taken advantage of
this phenomenon by harvesting oysters
and inserting foreign objects into their
mantle but these cultured pearls aren't
nearly as valuable as their rare natural
counterparts one of nature's many gems
got a burning question you want answered
ask it in the comments or on Facebook
and Twitter and subscribe for more
weekly science videos
