so you've heard of a little something
called global climate change and how
it's causing the sea level to rise and
chances are you've been told or imagined
ice caps and glaciers like those that
cover most of Greenland and Antarctica
melting away because of increased
temperatures and adding their water to
the sea and while this does happen it's
only half of the story the truth is a
major contributor to increasing sea
levels comes from something called
thermal expansion thermal expansion is
the tendency for matter to change its
volume in response to temperature we've
all experienced this when boiling water
over the stove as the water heats up the
particles begin to move more vigorously
and in effect actually increase the
volume of the water this can also be
seen with a thermometer as the fluid
inside heats up it increases in volume
and makes its way up the tube so what
happens when 1.4 billion cubic
kilometres of water gets heated across
the globe the exact same thing the
particles move more and begin to take up
more space causing the oceans volume to
increase and less rise the same amount
of water taking up more space got a
burning question you want answered ask
it in the comments or on Facebook and
Twitter and subscribe for more weekly
science videos
