morning guys it's Sunday and we've just
had a delivery since opening up so this
pad is that what is it the veer Cruiser
yeah BRB wer cuza and I am going to show
it to you guys when Sid has put it
together cuz is well exciting I saw it
on Irene Sara's Instagram and I was like
what is that and then she told me about
them and then I contacted them and they
very kindly gifted me one which I'm well
excited for it's called go veer happy
cruising you making me sweetie pups
happy birthday unicorn thank you with
mustard sauce we can become you guys
Mika is oh did I even show you guys this
tattoo each kids tattoo that my dad and
Hannah put on lip or Mika it was a
handbag guys in the handbag law do you
know if Batman had a pram this would be
it it's a bubblegum
are you excited cheeky boy oh yeah are
you excited Hanna Oh what you made me
you drop me made me breakfast yeah you
do get have a biscuit cake thank you
from a biscuit cake guys you set it up
Hanna by the way has just got into the
pram herself so a kid on one side look
and then a kid on the other side and
they'll be facing each other so for
example Mika would sit here when he can
sit up or you can actually buy like a
booster seat for really so this is where
you put your drink and you have some
snacks here
and this would be mica site Mika's
drinking mica snacks yeah so that maker
would say hey buckle then you can
actually get like a mattress thing that
basically you lay across both feet
that's seat belt so that you lay across
both seats and then a baby could just
sleep in there watch this how to watch
this i pushing you living dinning it's
such a smoother ride by the way oh I
don't want to push you anymore I want to
pull nyng nyng nyng nyng nyng me me me
me me me you love it don't you Hannah so
this is the retractable canopy that you
put on for like shade so I add that one
on one side and then but actually
technically you could buy two of these
if you're going to have two kids and put
on either side no I might get myself
another one actually and then a storage
basket guys there you go storage basket
to add oh here is here's a storage
basket and here's the canopy that we
need to fit on how sick oh that's so
easy oh yeah and then there was coffee
cup holders to that you just attached
over here what do you think of it Nika
oh he puked guys if you're not impressed
like this is just sick guys has made
food for about one two three four five
six people I've got six people around
for dinner today Hannah you're just
climbing out of the pram love that
independence come into town any focusing
now first thing you can't even see be
sheepish his eyes and this is pushing
the vir
Dinah's in love she's literally she's
just pulling a car but she's in love and
it's nutty crazy over here really we
just want to go home don't we don't want
to do a bunch of things so we'll see
what we can do thank you better drink
appeal do you like that his ring so we
could try and get them over the balls
obviously he's not gonna win anything
but will really wants him to do it
let's take a picture Hannah you ready do
you like it
number one that for you Dean I think
she's amazing she's gonna try again or
everybody get in on it
Cornelia for everybody's getting in on
it
they then show me the technique show me
the face of failure Hanna's being
carried by me and unicorn is in the go
via Cruiser with my two brothers
I thought Hanna cooking a hellofresh for
us even though it's 11 a.m. but that
will be ready for us later when Hanna
what you making love
what meal is it sit hock a teriyaki
stick I've been waiting for that one
nice
in other news mr. Meaker is just having
a little rest on the sofa because he
literally had a five-minute nap just
follow me down on the rest of the sofa I
am transferring all my apps and data
stuff from my iphone over to my new
Google pixel 3 baby it just came into
place yesterday I'm well excited for it
look at this color situation love it so
today guys we are actually going into
the Sustainable studio even there's a
Saturday because they're doing an event
and I'm gonna take my sister who's down
from London and my mom and Hannah
because there should be live music and
spoken word from remember her name
Esmeralda dari I believe who's also
basketball player that's what we're
doing today and it's a Saturday and
tomorrow's has got a wedding so I've got
to figure out what to do tomorrow
probably take the kids out
you're right change you're right monkey
and then cat
you lay another broccoli there Hanna did
you put salt on it also in other news
guys yesterday we started introducing a
little bit of food in tamika's diet hey
Mike
so it looks like it yeah so go haircut a
new mom do you like that you like it a
bit more good Oh
bismillah a and I tell them what you've
made
have you made chicken nice fish its
teriyaki fish is it teriyaki rice and
broccoli oh it smells delicious and it's
not even 12 in the afternoon yet dinner
is ready
kill nice and early oh and two big
Buckley's ahi yeah two big broccolis you
have a Miss broccolis yeah you want to
go get a plate okay and is decided to
lay all our books out like a puzzle on
the living room floor and Hannah's
dressed in a dress it's a little bit too
long ago but where and I'm also ready
and I went a little bit too excessive on
the tongue but hopefully that will calm
down by the time we get there one can
only experiment really this top by the
way is Amazon fashion do you like it let
me just pull it out I love this ripped
fabric it's in a whole video that's
going up so for me in correction you
will never see the reanalysis I wonder
what my mother would say if asked what
the colonisers did I wonder if she need
a village despite the strong our news
about the desktop beneath the table some
fine dining are the steam erasable it's
all victory only one breaks the vibes
I'm here to turn the tables woman's
about me equipment not the shaders
filled up or not some change the other
shades we liberated or they said over
others Jamaica but it's only when all
shapes come together we be able to Sudan
my father Sammy is for me to go my dad
Sudanese so I always like to incorporate
the Sudanese culturally to my style my
designs
that's why I'm wearing Sudanese army and
memory lessons
this is usually worn by the money but I
like rebelling so I know it's doing some
drawing on me okay we'll go in seafood
my mama all right how are you deokman
forward
then we come guys were having dessert
for work
Oh
tell them all the story back home and
basically I'm back to go to the art to
go riding again but I think I'm not
gonna bring you with me because you kind
of already seen that at the beginning of
Locke's at no point do it again
so I'm gonna end the vlog here I hope
you have enjoyed the last few days with
me
I am also eating some pretzels finishing
that's all I should say and so stay on
the next video bye
