we should be quick because it's kind of
hot in here yeah you know Monsieur
it's your my video your video channel
channel so okay should I just stop cuz
honestly I'm got makeup on and I haven't
slept in 10 days okay hi guys
oh there's suddenly deal oh hi guys yeah
because they're both sleeping I'm back
after literally about one month off of
youtube there's no belly here anywhere
else and you can hear a gremlin
I still look a bit pregnant I look about
five months five six months pregnant
anyway baby land is today system David
lost track he's basically guys we had a
pie he's right over there
and basically this video is all over the
place because yeah well I haven't felt
like filming at all I didn't know what
to film I knew what to do a labor and
delivery video story kind of thing but
we were gonna fill it all in this but
then we thought let's just film a really
laid-back announcement video like hey
we're back we're now a family of four
family at for family for Hannah is now
an older sister yeah and two a little
brother one boy one girl done with kids
no more after that
he needs a feed soon soon I'm gonna give
him my tit uh areas little man
Christi's oh oh salsa sorry
he's fishing oh he's squished okay
alright yeah it's got little little
dinosaur no t-star little dinosaur head
you know that newborn smell just he
still smells of my insides by the way
the first week I was just like yo I
can't even kiss him cuz he just you
still barely kiss him cuz I did the
other day because I put a washcloth on
his face he hasn't actually had his
first bar just used like a washcloth
yeah
but not even anymore for that first week
I didn't even kiss him cuz I was like
you use thank anyway sounds like a
little critter and oc1 see that by the
way never did that
can I just think this kid is a different
baby and by the way guys so if you guys
have been watching my pregnancy videos a
lot of you know I gave my due date was
the 10th of July I pretty much went into
labor on the 10th of July and gave birth
one hour after the 10th of July at 1
o'clock in the morning on the 11th of
July so it means I've done yeah so wait
I missed my due date by one hour oh yeah
which is rare right so rare but more of
that in the Labor Day he was he was
about to be born on his due date which I
was hoping for I think never happens we
miss me by my he does that happen
literally missed it by an hour yeah
listen Hanna knows the name that we
picked but the other day she turned
around she went he's Thomas like anyways
tell him his name 1 2 3
mica mica mica mi ka yeah and we wanted
I like for lettuce or romaine yeah
because Hanna Dena Dena mica and just
people call me said anyways for what I
yeah so like two syllables one syllable
this is good to go yeah it's easy for
him we thought we wanted a name that was
easy to pronounce as Muslims a lot of us
have very complicated names and at times
it can be difficult if we're brought up
in we go if we go to school they didn't
come home though yeah it don't code
unfortunately you did and you know I've
got really nice name I love my name but
at times in school people take the piss
and call me sir dick so but to be honest
with you all kids get bullied hopefully
his name will be nice and easy even the
teacher called Mesa dick once and I was
just like it is a Muslim name we're
gonna get oh you got like oh it means it
it means a smart intelligent thing to be
honest with you
it's the name that is common in a few
across a few religions and cultures yeah
and it has a few different meanings guys
perhaps our Hanna's reaction overall
have been very positive hum delenn oh
yeah she loves him she does love him
however however however the way she
plays however has taken a u-turn she's
changed everything
maybe she changed she put the switch up
on us mm-hmm I don't know what she's she
dared to but within this week she's just
grown whatever sudden she's like a giant
and I'm just she's just massive like in
a good way
obviously but she's huge and I'm like
you're big now you're a big girl now you
need to get on a potty now yeah yeah but
she loves him she thought every morning
she cup done she's like the Nikes baby
brother
can I give him a cutoff I get better
uppercut oh my god
at times she does I think she does and
should we get a bottle ready yes I'm
gonna go get this guy something to drink
obviously milk and I hope you guys
enjoyed this video just a quick little
announcement to let you know I'm here
I'm back I don't know how regular I'm
gonna be obviously but I'll try my next
video will be a labor and delivery
sit-down kind of story time I'll see on
the next video till next time
