hi guys today's video
my mother is in danger - hi I'm just an
absolute mess cause I always at my
crafting garden today I thought what
would we go
it has allowed us is for Mama to do my
makeup for weave is where Ben makes
using nothing but her own makeup which
is actually not that much of a large
collection and is quite a bit of a messy
collection as well we will commence up
yes
great okay so yes - and what happens up
here play with play-doh because Mac 301
forget to tease Maybelline in their age
rewind cuz anyone out there but once we
can find it now okay I was down with the
Maybelline I'm gonna let change yes
what's it called on the map what I'm
going to do is to put this on with his
legend underneath and I'm gonna go what
is it going to be this concealer so you
put this on underneath just a little bit
around this color is smooth because we
like this - alright I've got our spot so
yeah I know because people you can't
blame them you can and you can all just
like okay that's all I'm going to use
that tissue justice come on broken out
and almost disturbed it on my population
is right on the spot right I'm going to
use my Laura Mercier on new okay okay
and I literally only look tinted
moisturizer and you can see it isn't
Robin the concealer but I mean technique
and the reason why I didn't rub in the
concealer for as properly it's because
it's to seize and she didn't want to
break our and Venus book so they're
kinda great
but if you keep stressing me out now
make meals dress well under take a deep
breath and just your daughter needs to
go out with this place okay let me just
talk about the state of my mom's Beauty
Blender a second please it's like the
cat's delighted look at it how does that
happen is you get angry about my to get
one day molasses
no actually I need a new one yet what
I've done it up down to this I've washed
it it is clean and and it will clumped
up now so it's right now and it's all
clumped up in a 3d color don't meet the
fastest even I can adapt or Milla
slender legs the place that my mum's
done anyone make a visit
I don't that anyone's makeup Evan no
light in them so what I'm going to do is
it needs to be a little bit lighter
around the eyes work on my body shot
lightning touch you just twist it I'm
use this for a few makeup experts on
what specifically you wanna see anyone
could be Bigfoot expert - oh can I just
say and usually after days
hold on and have to butcher Peterson
some artists not 50 know what I'm just
gonna say is don't try this at home mum
quad is some nice Elizabeth garden
brands beauty with a brush
you know you're not affecting anything
on your moments right I can set the only
thing about a set is my Max Factor at
the foundation but you could use it as
Betty
no no no don't forget it I think look at
the whole you need to get some
more makeup see that grab it in blow it
and you need to substitute those this so
commit oh I'm only giving me a rash I'm
not great other side coming up okay
that's what they come up with a ha ha ha
ha
would you just stop it oh this is awful
and oh my god you're gonna so much
oh it's only that my double chin
underneath actually wobbled justice
we've also got this leather cleaner will
is suppose the filling will do that I'm
going to use the Mac using this utilize
the bush
mother they are hundreds of us it wasn't
that okay so get a little bit of this so
I will just gently strokes back and
forth the car hello
- Swiss the cost that could not handle
epitarsis gosh I shadow which is all new
this is divided easily dinner - you
bought it oh my god news therefore did I
fix month again we're not going to use
it and just identify Nissan saving us
but this is daytime I'm not going this
is dick I'm literally using oh my gosh
the daytime gosh that I use to look at
the steak on that planet
it's ugly using yuan lon mother what
happened to those two I knew how I do it
if I had to use this palette and then my
effect I joined when it started it goes
more than that sleeping is luck no no
take your eyes and see 90 cents you've
enjoyed my speaker okay okay so we've
done that not lend it yeah we blend it
all in at the end okay I'm just an
experiment now I'm not sure what to do
with these colors loves food and letters
I like going out
finally I listen I think what I would do
this one in that moment dispenses when I
go for my another application you cannot
see this but you know you guys you think
is expedient okay you get more product
when you do video now I need something a
little bit more darker again here
fertilize again in the creases I need in
darkness
Oh mom come and in what you pile of
learning with blendable okay this is it
this thing here
good night darling me no dr. Lee will
you look at me fire you ever used up yes
since I use jet black
good luck what are you doing evil money
hey hey boy like you don't do you know a
few now is ready would very easily
percentage painful buzzes oh oh oh my
god it's actually the painful memory
right you know the fluffy Papa needs
like ah great so there we go there's the
item look at me and magnet is okay now
we gonna use some L'Oreal stone
rhymes a little come on
no because these are quite new ideas as
well for the bindings come on yeah I
asked you don't have any idea I might
you need to look at the note in your
eyes every now let us move to the cops
but I be - yeah video looking to say if
I look up is just going to get all under
my brows yeah and they're not just
blending very very good I think this is
too hard we going to do well with Donna
you should use course so I learned if
you have you know life is right now so
what I normally do wear false lashes
order where a eye makeup and do this
moment I just use a bit of this because
you see okay what would you like this
but the mascara is wet so it's fine look
up haha oh I'm doing it now sorry with
ellipses I did have a little run-in
Jamie Blosser oh I like it
competitiveness is bonus so rough thank
you
okay so so show them how high I think
married Eliza for highlight under the
high like Russian unit level using bits
for highlight as well fullest okay you
go to London visiting
it bit my finger
we just have a bit black play-doh
selected and a bit there it's the
highlight line and put it like
unbreakable 9 billion corners just a
highlight the lipliner just snaps in the
earlier your lip line
you know check out one little oh yeah
what color do you like anything you want
me to show you some Smashbox - Smashbox
has accessible well that's absolutely
obscene one pink and it matches you unit
ok it's most of the Baker it's really
hard without a lip liner and I will do
the design of it is further than what no
you don't need because then I met a
lovely makeup do not you literally seen
it will easier to add our eyes dick unit
people about them all this is a horrible
thing you're working on the makeup about
ending it in another wanted it like that
lipstick there's a really nice in there
this one okay so this one on top cause
she's one of that woman I don't know um
it is to note the way I'm up to date me
I know so it feels like happening it
yeah looking absolutely just idea what
you just did you just pick up on do it
I'm sensitive now that's the same breed
and they're tested and recommended by it
mum and dad so I think mark on come on
yes so this is just to tidy up mistakes
or ballistic awful I can do mystic
bubbly what I can't do another people's
auction is ripped up the whole face
lipstick is awful
no because just like a joke like we're
doing it fun illegal we're not
he's driving a guys and I look like my
husband's ey up videos I don't know
okay baby that's it now you just can you
just bite into that by a minute listen
how let me feel it
now sit by the list of a medically
limited making love you really quite
istic leaving that brush your brushes
available to cleaning skirting boards my
mom just likes a bride handling
backlight and clean is getting bored
with it
that's disgusting you know because I'm
tucking me down anyway there's always
yeah they just use the wall be fit no no
no no I wish the moment is my limit ends
up by eight I have the makeup look my
mom obviously doesn't agree with
eyebrows in film they all got the
eyebrow thing on Oracle is it and you
just do that you just pushing on to skip
something
so that's and that guy's and really
enjoyed this video thumbs up if your
mom's makeup is exactly the same as my
mom's makeup you paid a parking space
manaphy Max Factor well today's honor
by the way I know you rented out the
webinar style from doll leader leader
descriptive all night long geez people
tuned up and expert the foundation away
most mini crowds that she's fight to end
off without the usage of any pins what's
going on heavies I'm gonna pin peasant
so that's it guys thanks for watching
the next time what
ah
