guys I've just been on the phone for the
past 20 minutes trying to get through to
the hospital to check what time my scan
is and I'm finally figured out and
realized that I only have under an hour
to film this video
so anyway today's video the plan was was
everything in my house with the Mersey
today's video I really really wanted to
film a haul for you guys basically I
finally started baby shopping and a
bunch of stuff arrived to mainly from
Amazon I've got a lot of stuff to show
you and I'm sitting on my dining table
right now because that's where I've been
piling it all up when it arrives just on
my dining table so the room stinks of
poo because Hannah did a humungous poo
just before going to nursery and Syd
didn't put it in a nappy sack bag which
is odor control he just put it straight
in the bin and now changed the whole bin
I haven't actually been doing any
shopping and never actually got around
to it and then for some reason like
about ten days ago
there was just one evening that was
chilling right there on the sofa on my
laptop and I was just suddenly
everything that I was planning on buying
I just thought let me just get it now
what am I waiting for literally I'm so
glad I did that because I got a bunch of
stuff that I knew I'd forget about by
the way none of this is baby clothes
pretty much and so there's still so much
more to get and I've just realized that
there's some stuff in the car which Sid
is driving so you can be able to see
that stuff but it's just like caught
sheets and stuff anyway so it's not that
important I'm gonna start with this
which arrived with really terrible
packaging it's all messy and just like
anything and crap but it's basically the
baby pillow and it helps to preserve the
natural shape of your baby's head I
picked this up from John Lewis and it
was 20 pounds and I have bought it
because I used this with Hannah I
remember being really worried about that
head from baby sleeping you know in on
their backs all the time or on one side
all their time and then
their head shape kind of having a flat
side or whatever and she would sleep on
it every night it really were like that
girl has a good round head much of a lot
and it's the kind of head shape that
I've always wanted grown-up but I've got
a really flat head actually in general
like my head shape isn't as round as it
could have been so here's the pillow so
the reason I like it is because you can
actually just stick it in the wash as it
is as well got free breathing thanks to
the completely breathable 3d space of
fabrics if you notice the fabric it's
got like these kind of holes because you
know babies roll around herself as a mom
when you have a newborn you kind of
barely sleep anyway and even if even if
your baby's sleeping through the night
you don't really sleep through the night
because you always wake up and check on
them so I would always check on Hannah
with this pillow because really you
shouldn't be putting any pillows called
blankets in the cops and stuff because
babies can suffocate very easily but
just with one turn and one you know so
basically always let them sleep on it
supervised the oldest you got the more I
used it as well and it really really
helped so that's the first thing I got
the next thing I got was this yeah I
baby I picked this up Amazon is
basically you know when toddlers or
babies are in the car seats and these
straps go across like that sometimes
regally babies get out of those straps
I'm very lucky actually I didn't have to
use all use one with Hannah and I still
do have to use one with Hannah at all
because she doesn't mind it being quite
tight and secure she's kind of used to
it because we didn't really let her we
didn't really give her an option from
the get-go but some babies are we really
in the straps to get loose and then they
get their arms out and so the seatbelt
is just around their waist which
basically is not safe at all so this is
a fastening that attaches to both straps
to prevent their arms coming out and
then it's just a cute like lion
basically that you can put through it
picked up the lion because can I choose
it I think
from Amazon today for some reason
normally we wake up right
I take Hanna downstairs I give her her
breakfast I get her ready and then she
goes off to nursery this is like a
midweek if it's a work workday however
and then once she's gone and she sort it
I'll have a coffee
I'll have my breakfast then I'll go up
and get changed and stuff but today we
did things differently because we're
kind of busy fly today we just woke up
and we all got dressed upstairs and we
all came down we all had breakfast which
means having a more productive morning
because it's 10:00 to 11:00 but instead
of me like still getting ready to film
or whatever
I'm worried already and but it has made
me so dizzy I think just to getting got
too fast like I keep having to go and
lie down on the sofa and breathing like
fresh air I literally feel so dizzy I
need to film this video because then me
as did need to go to Ikea and buy some
baby furniture stuff yes I need to get a
baby wardrobe next up I bought this
floating bath thermometer I just
remember with Hannah always guessing the
temperature for her bath and it was
quite stressful I don't know why I
didn't think of using a thermometer I
think eventually we did use one but she
still hated having a bath so it was a
very stressful situation for me as a
first-time mum I remember Hannah's first
ever bath she cried her eyes out and I
cried with her and she was literally
dunked in and dunked out and that was it
I was about so I bought this because
they could just kind of flow in the bath
with the baby can kind of like hold it
and look at it if it wants and I can
check the temperature as well hold on I
got a phone call real quick hello yes
speaking oh it is 11:30 okay all right
okay all right then take care bye bye my
appointments at 11:00 a
I can run through this real quick okay
next I bought this which I put on
Instagram and I was told by most of you
guys that it's a waste of money but I
bought it now anyways I'm gonna try it
this is the wipes warmer there basically
you plug it in and you stick the baby
wipes inside and they keep them nice and
warm so that when you are cleaning
baby's bum the wipes are nice and warm
and it's not a horrible shock to their
system because I keep getting flashbacks
of Hanna right
I just remember Hanna hating getting her
nappy changed and when I look back now
I'm thinking poor girl obviously take
her clothes off it's freezing cold you
know and then I'm using these cold wipes
on her it's just it's just not nice so
it's mainly for like the middle of the
night so I'm gonna have this kind of
propped up on my bedside table or
something just to have warm wipes just
just so that the baby doesn't get
shocked and I'll let you know how it
goes I'm pretty sure there'll be a
follow-up video which is things that you
don't need kind of thing which I
actually did do last time around but I
still fall into the trap of by you
leaving anyway okay and then I bought
this vital baby nasal decongestant guys
the difference with me shopping this
time around is I've shocked with the
thought process of what do I wish I had
for when Hannah was small so that's the
difference with this time round and so I
remember Hannah having a snotty blocks
nose all the time when she was newborn
and literally her breathing would be
like all the time I just felt so so hurt
because I couldn't get my fingers up
there to pick her nose or a baby wipe
wouldn't do it because there's no grip
so it was quite frustrating for her and
for us so this has got really good
reviews basically you stick it up their
nostril and it just sucks all the
boogies out I really hope it does
because I remember that being just a
nightmare for both of us okay next up I
went ahead and bought this grow egg
which is a room thermometer and a night
lights so I needed a night night light
anyway because obviously I'm gonna be up
in the middle of the night feeding the
baby changing the baby but in baby to
sleep crazy hours but also this will
tell me the temperature of the room
whether it's too hot or too cold which
will then help me you know adjust the
layers of the baby although I didn't
really do that with Hannah at all I just
kind of guessed her temperature by you
know by feeling the back of her neck and
also judging how hot or how cold I felt
then I would kind of because she was
just on me all the time you know so I
picked this up and then to go with this
I picked up this accessory which is just
like the owl kind of head that goes on
top so just bloody fly God go I've got
the garden doors open because I'm just
getting really hot but anyway so that
kind of goes on top of the egg and it's
just a cute nightlight as well as a room
thermometer which if it's handy okay
then I went ahead and got a thermometer
to check the baby's temperature but I
got the one where you can let you just
check get by their forehead or their ear
so you don't have to like you know get
baby's arm out and put it under the
armpit and baby gets all the noise and
stuff so I picked this one up pretty
much just so that I don't annoyed the
baby if I need to check them to a while
they're sleeping and that kind of thing
so that's the thermometer situation oh
yeah okay then I bought this alright
I'll just open this actually let me fit
it in anyway I hate packaging
oh you have no idea how much a
attachment well I really put some fake
tan around the newborn insert for the
maxi Cosi car seat I think it fits a few
car seats but it also fits the maxi Cosi
I hope I need to check it actually in
the car seat that kind of goes inside
the car seat so we've got the maxi Cosi
pebble car seat from when Hannah was a
baby and she's barely used I think she
used it for about six months or
something and managed to not have any
accidents with that car seat ham delay
so I'm planning to keep that car seat
for this baby but I just needed a
newborn insert because I know I don't
have I think I lost the original newborn
insert that I bought when I bought the
maxi Cosi wisely just need to check that
that fit okay then I just bought some
cellular blankets a pack of two regular
ones then I went ahead and I bought this
not pod blankets which I have seen on
Instagram basically and I saw these on
Instagram before I got pregnant and I
just knew I have to buy them if I ever
got pregnant again and basically their
blankets that have legs and a hood so if
you can see Oh what was so cute if you
can see baby's legs going there that's
the blanket little hood and then it kind
of just wraps around so you know when
you have to take your baby out of the
pram put them in the car seat and then
you have to take the blanket off because
obviously the legs and the strap you
don't need to do that with this like
baby can stay warm with blanket on go in
and out of pram have the harness on
without taking the blanket off as well
as with as well as in a sling which I
just thought was so good anyway next up
we have this bar when Hannah again was
tiny I never ever put her in the bath I
would give her a bath in the sink with
this big foam flower thing and it was
really good she loved there it was so
comfortable it was so easy to bathe her
in the kitchen sink but the only
annoying thing was drying the flower
bath foamy thing is very very heavy you
can dry it properly it was it's a bit
annoying in the end and so after she was
about seven eight months I think I just
don't turn in the regular bath but this
seemed like a better kind of design idea
of that so it's the shape of like a
whale I think or a fish and it's called
Moby soft spot sink bather
but the difference with this is it's got
like a little kind of thing that you can
hang us so it's quick-drying it fits in
the bath or just think so oh by the way
my appointments at 11:30 what yeah we've
got to leave in a minute what yeah so
anyway I'm pretty sure this is gonna be
very handy I've been thinking about this
idea for ages I was thinking do they
have like a heated changing mount or
something so that when I put the baby on
the changing mat they're not shocked
with the cold and stuff because
sometimes with newborns you have to have
really like you have to put them on
changing back cuz it's a big mess like
sometimes the poo goes all the way up
and anyway I googled it and there is
something like that and it's called the
snuggle squishy changing mat so I was
put off by anything that you'd have to
plug in because I just think that's kind
of scary
having to plug in a changing mat and
your baby's lying on now I'm just lying
there and it's made out of a some kind
of material which is just naturally
warmer than a regular changing mat so I
bought this basically and it was a bit
expensive for a changing matters like 40
pounds but I just sorted
yeah I just thought if it works it's
really worth it and also it's got a
slightly raised whatever that's called
to help you know if there's an accident
that we we can just kind of run down
rather than all over baby apparently
there helps with reflux as well so I'll
let you know how that goes also so this
is the baby move pillow which is
basically another pillow that will
hopefully prevent flat head but I
haven't tried this one but I just
thought I'd pick this one up as well
because apparently you can use this one
in car seats and in in car seats and
yeah in car seats I think as well
where's the other one you can't see oh
there's the back for some reason this
one looks like the baby's head will stay
in place because I remember with the
other one Hannah she'd always roll off
that actual pillow and I'd have to
readjust her so that was an annoying
thing but other than that it did work so
hopefully this one the baby will roll
off it anyway next up I didn't actually
buy these two things they were sent to
me from a brand called tiba and mal and
they are a-changin bag brand a really
trendy one so they really kindly sent me
this changing bag which is beautiful
I'll just show you their brand here tiba
and Amal check them out this is the
snakeskin kind of feeling one it's
lovely I could not wait to use this with
my new pram oh oh the pram should have
been in this video but we haven't
actually got it yet maybe I'll do a pram
video another time besides you have like
an extra bag that you can have to take
off and use you have nappy changing mat
you have all the compartments all the
bits and bobs that you need basically
and they also kindly sent me a red sack
version which is so cool because after
using changing bags with Hana which were
more you know the handbag styles I love
them but in the end I always end up just
wearing a regular rucksack of mine
because it's just more comfortable
because you've got both your hands-free
so this is like a nappy changing
rucksack version so it's got all the
compartments got an opportunity bag the
same idea with the bag separate bag for
your kind of important things as well
and on top of that they have matching
kids ones so they actually sent me one
for Hannah once there this is the mini
version for Hannah now it's not actually
a nappy changing bag for the kids ones
it's just a cute little bag for them to
have their own things in and then
there's the adult version and I just
think it's so cute because it really got
her excited basically when the baby
comes she's gonna know I'm gonna be
packing this bag with nappies involved
and you know baby stuff so it'll just
make her feel a bit special she's
getting involved and she's also
important and we mummy and daughter kind
of matching which is cute so we'll have
our own little thing going on and
hopefully no jealous tantrums but yeah
but everything I bought on my mad night
for shopping literally I bought all this
in like one night except for those two
bags obviously by the way guys I am
planning on doing a what's in my
hospital bag video and it will be
featuring probably this bag that I'm
going to take for the pack for the baby
and then I'll pack like a smaller
suitcase or something for my stuff so if
I get chance to film that then you'll
see that bag more in detail but yes
that's everything I bought obviously
there'll be more hauls and maybe like a
clothing one cuz I've been actually
buying clothing if there's no other
maternity stuff after this it's because
I've given birth I'm 37 weeks as of
yesterday so you never know I could give
birth from now but highly likely I've
still got another 3 weeks or something
so don't worry but anyway I gotta go to
my scan so thanks for watching and I
will see you on the next video till next
time bye this Friday the 22nd of June on
this channel is going to be a huge
announcement don't miss it okay I'm
really excited to share this amazing
news I've got with you this Friday
and so I'll see you there
