hi guys so I am back with another
mailbox unboxing I should just get
straight into it where are in one let's
get rolling I think this looks like
something like a screen the lamb dinner
a personalized gift just for you maybe
for the new office question mark so if
you like it from me Lowe's doodles let's
have a look at it
oh wow it's like calligraphy what does
that say I asked you don't know what
that sense done done an hour but
actually looks really nice imagine that
up on the wall how long that could
actually be probably quite nice actually
thank you very much new late mother
father left when I'm stressed as well
fun package it's a tea shop what
looks like a head is aligned very nice
very nice indeed
so nice looking to show you guys only
thing is they haven't said who they are
or where they're from cane next we have
this little white package I have been
sent a flawless jelly shade blender is
what I notice is that how does anyone
use it how do you use that my sister I
fly makeup with that look at this guy's
I'm slightly confused
right I'm going to have to keep that
with my makeup guys and put it to the
test
in a video veg package over here and on
the back there's a little low Xena
because you said you'll prefer a large
plus there's some extras from from eyes
are hakam I always go for a lot doesn't
matter how far or how thin I am at this
moment in time I always go for a large
because I just like baggy fit so that's
what happened
Donna set the alarm look what looks like
some really fluffy pom-pom hat guys it
doesn't wear beanies but I tell you who
wear these dividers my drama hasson
blood see how my guy just takes anything
you can get obviously if I was to wear
it being you guys don't have to really
reduce the size of my turban looking a
bit like a smurfy well today it's not
Valentine's Day could have given it to
say that the Valentine's Day gift they
said let love you there we have it in a
large now I'm likely to wear it thank
you really really tiny packing
over here so this is from silicon
Spanish doctor at UK oh are you really
supposed to apply your makeup with these
guys it's very strange
this was very sloppy and this one is a
sloppy at all so very interesting I'm
definitely doing a video on this
sometime next week
keep your eyes peeled for that okay so
next is this black packet from Black
Crowes web the long sleeve t-shirt and
it has a picture of is that letter T T
looking all gangster that's all I saw
thank you very much black young lady and
I hope you love your tea please could
you follow us and give us a shout out I
have a great 2017 or they probably said
this ages ago by just pick the stuff up
terrible next we have this little black
box and on here if there's nourishing
facial oil fool is gold petals
since black gold available at fatty has
WorldCom 24 karat gold infused in black
seed oil used as an oil cleanser
moisturizer or as a makeup base black
gold is call well that looks very
interesting I shall certainly give it a
go okay so this is something from Amazon
let's have a little look woo letters to
a young muslim by omar safe rubbish oh
this is good dear Dina and said thank
you so much for your last video about
positive image of Islam and I would like
to send you this book as a gift I hope
you enjoy it this book also gave me so
much light and more love for Allah and
that it's from a girl called Alina
high-gain oh wow did someone send us
this book as a gift that's nice of you
in a series of personal letters in his
older son Omar safe offers a short and
highly readable manifesto that tackles
our current global crisis with the
training of an experienced diplomat and
the personal responsibilities of a
father today's young Muslims will be
tomorrow's leaders and yet too many are
vulnerable to the extremist propaganda
that seems omnipresent in our
technological age the burning question
though about all use is how moderate
Muslims can unite to find a voice to to
Islam while actively and productively
engaging in the modern world what does
it mean to be a good Muslim what is the
concept of a good life and is it
acceptable to stand up as openly condemn
those who take the Islamic faith and
twist it to suit their own misguided
political
agendas that does sound interesting okay
guys next we have this package looks
like it's from ego official training oh
yes training oh good oh hi Dina hope
you're well darling I saw these and
thought of you much love I can't even
read the name the handwriting is so
messy come on man oh wow look at me guys
these trainers are cool oh my god I love
sides a good pic so the girls are egos
Vishal that hat I like you very much
thank you very much for there see when
you check me my phone is just on the day
plan Sierra oh this is a scarf so thanks
for the chocolate
oh thanks for a chocolate add salmon and
it's from Helen Latifi Helen Latifi calm
well that is a nice-looking turban I
will have to try that listen thank you
very much juninho instead hope you like
your calligraphy frame you're both
amazing people that made a lot always
gone you happiness
oh wait how's our wedding anniversary
date on it the 1st of September 2013
said yes that's so sweet
isn't it the challenge in this fear box
unboxing is too much thank you very much
just drops it I'm just so hard
where who loves Club orange right next
up ladies we have this big box over here
so this says on it as V L via Anna Ave F
see Dina LV yarn Ajay Bayer he go have a
look for your reference so to clarify Z
well I'm excited well I don't know what
else to call myself with a literary
design though you'd become the designer
I have sent me a piece I designed a
while ago and every time I look at it I
just think yeah D in a concern rocks I
hope my judgement is right and you like
the kimono / sabe I made for you I soand
designed everything myself so I hope I
have the stitching at one her for you
cannot wait to see you at the London
modest Fashion Week and I hope you like
my plans only one idea I love your
videos they are all fresh not the new
fresh it has a fresh as in they are not
fake and it's all you and your insult
you don't have to force it
I also crack up at uses channels plus
you have to give good advice your recent
videos to do by day and grow what edit
was fire it was like watching a movie
and it's all legit formulas I just feel
like a new penny because I follow you
everywhere all social media obviously
like a little a thank you very much a a
netjet to checking me out your idea whoo
I love the print guys who's got pocket
woo the booking is cool I'm not lying
when I say I really actually like this
so like amazing well done thank you very
much thank you very much and this little
thing over here let's open it up oh it's
Lily England it's a lily England makeup
pouch Lily England is a brand they
basically sell makeup brushes so they
sent me a couple more I really love
their brushes actually I use them a lot
whenever I use a brush which is like
rose gold and white it's an in the
English ones so they sent me a
foundation brush a looks like a powder
brush and then a couple more eyeshadow
ones which is really good because I was
actually like really needing some more
brushes so thanks you guys that okay
guys I have a tiny little letter here
and inside it is this and it looks like
it's a voucher from the London doll and
on the back it says to do Tokyo this
gift card entitles you to a lovely full
set of eyelash extensions or lvl left
lift get your flutter on at the London
Dolls calm we'd love to see you in the
studio soon doesn't say when it's valid
until I hope haven't finished the expiry
date because I could really do with the
last lift when these falsies come off I
really could do in one let's have a look
at good package over here so this is for
benefit going this year we're ditching
the resolutions and celebrating how
fabulous we already are fashion queen
designer stylist
or a woman of many talents we
something-something your glamour
elegance keep rocking it 2017 hashtag be
your own hero that it's so cool it's an
honor hello gorgeous
and they basically sent me a bunch of
benefit on guess this is my favorite
thing in the world the hula bet the
benefit don't bet whatever the pool
sessional they're real mascara and gimme
brow brow stuff and then they sent me
this be your own hero hi such a cool
thing for me to put on my office desk
when I finally get it it can just go on
the floor next to me to give me
inspiration until my bloody death comes
thank you very much guys over at benefit
this I've bought this like a billion on
one times because I use it and finish it
use it and finish it music music
finishes so thank you
this package okay it's a book GG now I
hope this book reaches you well in short
life the end product of a fantastic
interface project headed by the Muslim
Women's Council exploring the topic of
women's head coverings in three
Abrahamic faiths the book is available
to buy from Muslim Women's Council dorg
would be great to hear your feedback
love and wraps from Sofia
Ratman oh that's interesting it's called
shared heritage of daughters of Eve head
coverings reflections reflections from
women of safe and on the back of a high
def as a part of the Muslim faith has
been heavy politic politicized over
recent years not only in the UK but
across Europe but across Europe
questions around whether the wearing of
religious symbols in public should be
allowed and the banning of hit ahead and
center plate has led us at the Muslim
Women's Council to think about how we
could reclaim the narrative from the
media and the politicians head coverings
are perceived as belonging solely to the
Islamic faith the react the reality is
that the majority of face promote female
head coverings it was important to us
that this perception was challenged and
the shared heritage of head coverings
were celebrated in order to help people
understand and question they asked
skewed toward it to achieve Liz we
brought together women from the Judaic
Christian and Muslim faith backgrounds
the book you hold in the culmination of
their stories and combination and
conversation that is a great idea
because
for ages now I've had an idea for
somebody to do some kind of TV program
where they speak to Christian women
Jewish women Muslim women it isn't
solely for Muslims they had coverings
it's not like to some Muslim thing it's
not like you know I mean in fact it's
not even just a a Muslim Christian
Jewish thing like head coverings is a
thing even with Hindus and Sikhs women
so majority of religions I think from
our head coverings and it's not just
like head coverings it's basically the
idea of modesty so it's going to be
interesting to read I'll just have a
little quick scan through it with you
guys so you guys can see so there's lots
of pictures of different kinds of women
and then that's going to be really
interesting actually thanks for that
thank you very much right now we have
one more package left guys and it's this
one of the years which is premium maple
T Canada's Truth flavored with natural
canadian maple syrup okay Nikki and
illiberal T we have Jelly Belly maple
syrup flavored jelly beans what looks
like a little drawing from a child maybe
for potentially a dragon ice cream
trick wonderful and there is lesser
maybe they'll be an explanation in there
dear Dean a small gift to thank you for
being an inspiration hey jebby
mompreneur I couldn't connect with any
other youtubers but you mainly because
of your authenticity and down-to-earth
--less how brackets learn to make new
words from you ha we've included some
Canadian delights for your British tea
time with your hubby enjoy but also
added a special gift for Sid to try out
please let us know what you think and
please support us as we have only sought
in our company in September 2015 thanks
in advance for your help and I'm looking
forward to your videos each day you're
truly Rehan
Javed Adam and alia Instagram elegance
underscore bid PS forgive me for my
spelling your name of my best friend's
name is Dina so it's a habit of right
you spelt it with a double e half okay
let's see why there's a beard in this
I'm guessing they have a child in the
family and they've drawn us that picture
which probably going to be the best
thing in the Fox
sorry going okay so there's a maple
sweet in here as well and then we have
maple butter guys and then we have this
box over here with which I'm guessing is
the thing for food so I'm guessing by
the name it something to do with weird
guys look it's the Viet comme elegant
see it says on there assalamualaikum
deer season set the skip from our family
to yours I hope you like our elegant
food products and I would really
appreciate if you review us elegance
beard beard or your guide okay let me
see what beard oil is made of this is
like learn the oils with grapeseed oil
there is almond oil there is your home
oil there is vitamin E there's loads of
different oils in there basically and a
beard comb a beard balm are you serious
that's so funny like Papa beard grooming
stuff let's number bomb
that's not nice when - is bit smell like
that wonderful Oh make sure that it gets
just cute little beard grooming kit and
he will let you guys know anything
basically you probably see in his videos
or something that's it guys that is
everything opened in this pure box
opening I hope you enjoyed it
I was certainly did I think I've got
some really amazing things that see that
kimono is a highlight the trainers are a
highlight the benefit bronze it in the
highlights and the book as well I will
see your my next videos till next time
thanks for watching and bye
