hi guys I'm back with another eyeshadow
palette review ball Harvey Nichols Holy
Grail campaign we'll get right into it
but before we do just want to point out
that my earrings are this one's blue
this was like a darky brownie purple
don't worry about it couldn't find the
right thing it's all good also can we
just address the fact that I'm slightly
sniffling because I've got a cold again
how are we but why am i right in the
last two weeks I've reviewed the Laura
Mathia palette and erode aisle one make
sure you head on over to Harvey Nichols
com4 slash beauty and click on my
profile to see my previous review and
also just to check out the other
bloggers who are reviewing different
things like mascara and makeup brushes
etc etc hashtag Harvey Nichols Tony
Blair
today's palette I'm so excited about
because it's from hourglass Hey look I
don't know if you guys know it all but I
absolutely love hourglass especially
their powders I've never tried any of
that eyeshadows it's the first time for
me and this is why I'm kind of excited
so this is the hourglass modernist
eyeshadow palette also by the way I've
done my base I've already got lashes on
this time I've just done myself some
semi-permanent ones for the week but
I've left my lips and my eye shadow
undone undone so anyway there is the
palette standard hourglass packaging and
that gorgeous brownie packaging they
always do this is the modernist exposure
palette by the way it's quite a bit fine
and a nice little feeling comfortable in
Mohammed okay let's open it up here's
the planet oh it goes with me yes it
does this look dealer I have a look at
these palettes beforehand right so I
just decided wherever the palette looks
like today I am going to attempt for the
first time ever a cut crease so it's
perfectly cut if used with a bit of
champagne do we just talk about how
beautiful the actual planet is though
and how the eyeshadows are kind of like
made like custom nice hilly effect I
love it so it looks like marble there's
a good little shot for you yeah get
straight into it when I'm looking at
this palette what do I do
I think I'm going to go for this color
right on the end which is a dusted
lavender shade and it's got a bit of
shimmer in it it's the lightest purple
chain I'm just getting straight into
this guy's because I really want to
attempt a cut crease and it will be my
first time okay I'm actually alive so
it's not going to be my first time I
have tried a cut crease before back in
in a video but it was when I didn't
actually know that I was cold I was just
attempting a look from like Beyonce's
music video back in the days or
something and I was just literally
attempting it and I'd rather not show
you it because it's actually incredibly
embarrassing so I'm actually going to
grab an eyeliner to outline my crease to
help me other guys there aren't really
any really dark blacks or even dark
Browns in the palette for me to kind of
help blend so I'm going to grab this I
pencil that I have which is actually a
really nice sort of shimmery Brown can I
think about will probably blend quite
well so I'm going to outline my crease
very lightly and also winging it out
slightly all gone I really hope this
works I've never tried to properly
remember that so I'm not going to worry
too much about neatness because my let's
be real I'm Dina that's not gonna happen
just quit now I'm going back with this
blush and I'm going to attempt to go in
with that lighter shade along this line
that I've created else close not looking
too bad yet I'm just running that along
that line keeping it mainly on the top I
think and then trying to bring it out
slightly
my heart feel about any of this yet I'm
thinking maybe I should assume you isäôt
them if you need to be this close okay
we just stop there for now I think now
I'm going to take a slightly smaller
fluffy brush I'm going to take the
second to darkest shade which is over
here
and put it along that crease line as
well so it's a bit darker so hopefully
it should totally blend in with the
brown of that if this turns out good
guys use it for events or for Instagram
selfies you know that kind of thing okay
I'll calculate finished oh my god what
happened okay I'm going to go back to
the original brush and just blend you
know when you don't know what's going on
the only solution is to just keep
blending honestly especially on this
side bloody hell what happened it's
going to need some serious concealer
fixation there the eye shadow so far is
got some serious pigment going on it has
let me look at this situation I have
barely barely on really okay now guys
I'm going to take the tiny brush and let
me go for the darkest purple that we
have there which is a very very dark
okay I'm going to grab that and I'm
going to do a really really small line
along my crease with that
something is either gonna be watching
this girl or there's no hope for this
girl she she's gone too far enough but I
guarantee you by the end of this video
we are going to have a look and I'm
going to be able to do a lovely posing
session with music how much you wanna
bet huh now I'm actually going to get a
really really clean fluffy brush and
blend that all out I'm going to do now
don't you guys I'm going to get my
concealer I'm going to really try hard
to clean it all up like that like a seal
oh and I look up is like going into you
know my crease where I've got a shadow
and it's all supposed to just supposed
to finish on the lid
why am i Benny especially really sharp
isn't it okay I'm going to carry on with
the concealer guys okay until it just
feels like it looks right
causing to get the concealer crease
really sharp because my eyelid kind of
like goes up into it and just three
smart in it so I think I'm going to keep
it like a wrap and I'm going to do the
other eye and zoom you guys out all
right let's continue I'm going to do the
other eye
yeah
what I think I should do though is just
put a bit concealer underneath my brows
to clean up that area
what I'm gonna do now is I'm going to
take this day brush that I use for my
concealer and I'm going to take the
lighter shade in the palette and I'm
going to put that all over my lid and
see what happens basically whoa come
back look at that color
no no this is too beautiful no no this
wasn't so on camera I'm going to be so
annoyed because it's so pretty oh my
gosh okay guys this planet is definitely
the most pigmented that I've used out of
the lot so far you know I'm going to
bring it all the way down onto my tear
duct actually because it will work for
that too oh look I'm putting onto my
brow bone as well yes I am it's probably
even better that my brush is a little
bit wet from the concealer as well
actually picking it up from really well
and applying it for you totally look at
that - that's our crease bit not being
as sort of like but however you know I
think it looks quite well blended that
sort of this one especially actually
isn't looking as bad as I thought well I
think I should do before I do anything
else up here work on the bottom of my
lips so I am going to go in win this
dinner it didn't - do a little chubby
kind of slap rush I'm going to try that
lovely shimmery brown color that we've
got in there and I'm just going to put
that along my waterline with nothing
else
so I think what I'm going to do is
actually go in with my eyeliner and see
how it looks with eyeliner whether or
not to leave it as that or add some more
brownie so so I'm going to try and
follow my liner the same direction the
cut crease is going okay guys I have to
go into the other room and get myself
another eyeliner - this one is not
precise enough so I'm actually just
going to go do it in another mirror and
I will be back with liner I've added
liner I try to as much as possible to
follow you know the crease shape with
the liner which I actually found quite
difficult so I'm going to actually just
mix some of the lighter purple with the
brown and put that low enough ice so it
almost creates a different shade of
purple that isn't actually in the
palette which is kind of cool I've
created emotions now that I'm back in
the light is quite a lot of fall out of
here so I'll clean that up with my
powder my favorite palette ever guys the
hourglass ambient look you know what
guys I know why we can't tell if this
looks good or not because I got nothing
on my lips so let's do the lips while
we're here shall we
here is how it looks with my lips done a
nice hot pink I do actually want to try
one more thing
what I want to do is grab a really
really small brush get the brown of the
palate and just line my crease with it
I'm literally taking my time with this
there's no rush but if you can see but
you can see what it's doing and creating
another line there I'm not really
brushing on a moment just passing it on
as I'm decorating the crease with this
brown shimmer it's actually quite
amazing okay let's do the other eyes
there we go that's completed belukha six
and like it was looking good but it just
was almost slightly unfinished I think I
am actually feeling it it's got of a 60s
vibe okay paja poses ready girl
right in after the posing guides back to
the pallet overall I'm very very
impressed I was there before I love our
glass the pigment is so strong easy to
blend if your first time are doing the
cut crease could potentially do it with
this palette so this time it actually
comes in seven different color
combinations and it's 56 pounds so it is
a bit more on the pricey side but
obviously guys each palette I'm
reviewing is a new one for me every week
they are more on the high-end side of
things so they're not high street brands
or anything like that I love our glass
always have good quality products and
this is five colors remember that it is
a bit more on the luxurious side the
cars I mean look look at the beautiful
packaging look at the marble effect this
is a bit more kind of enjoyable that
makes any sense you know so there is a
tiny bit fall out but not as much as
previous pallets that slice honestly I
do really like it I'm very impressed
with it I'm very impressed with the
color combination in this palette it's
the only palette that I've used where
I've actually used every single color in
the palette like I said it in on the
pricey side and you are just getting
five shades there but they do come in
loads of different color combinations so
you didn't potentially have to get this
purpley palette you go for like more
greeny ones or blue ones whatever it is
that they have whereas other palettes
don't necessarily have that choice
I personally love it especially this
champagne kind of shimmer did you see
how it glided on absolutely beautifully
on my eyelid you can't deny that sorry
but you can okay however although I
won't go out with this look I could
definitely maybe wipe this off and do
something that suitable for just going
out regularly somewhere I probably go
for the really light purple smokes just
on the side and concentrating the bat
shimmery Brown on my lid and then just
keeping nothing on my waterline
something really simple but a bit of
spots let me know what you guys think of
the palette and of this look be honest
don't be too honest be honest so ever
but if you guys have tried this or any
of the other color combinations that
comes in then let us know in the
comments down below and let us know what
kind of looks you've created or any
suggestions that you've got talked to me
about how you feel with the palette and
the look and everything make sure you go
onto having because that compos like
beauty and check out my previous reviews
and you'll see updates for this look
also head on over to my social pages
so especially my Instagram where you can
see pictures of this look and then we
can carry on the conversation also why
don't you tweet me on Twitter I love
Harvey Nichols Tigers both get the
conversation started how you feel about
this palette and the other ones I've
reviewed we're not and also let us know
your suggestions maybe tweet us some
pictures of looks that you've created
with these planets and with that I'm
going to take a little selfies now so
thanks for watching til next time well
