hi guys it's the original voice of a
king here taking over yeah so straight
into it I'm using this blending stick
right here it's got some foundations
coming out today and I'm gonna cover my
eyes and my nose and my tea brow area or
never of one direction and we're just
going over all the stars because I
haven't waxed it with a chic grater for
right I know better now I'm gonna blend
it in with the Wysocki brush from easy
kini huggy
that's quite a great brand and you
should go check them out link in the box
now I'm just blending all that
thanking and it's gonna get blended in
right because I'm dinner talking I'm
gonna be blending everything right yeah
so how long am I going to blend this
info okay that's done I'm using this
next shoe polish it's in brown and just
dip dab in that all over my face on the
gnomes up in at the next crow area and
yeah keep traveling so once you've
dubbed it enough time about a million
Wow Wow then use a circular motion do
you know do your the motion they use
when they like you get a hand car wash
that motion cues that motion all over
your face so you can smooth it out no
bumps and valleys in my skin yeah
so now I'm using this what the heck is
up I'm using this thing how to introduce
my eye and it's basically going to give
me more coverage because I'm all about
coverage most lamech and all that yeah
and coverage is pretty important when
you've been a hard stuff so I put it
around my eyes because I have been up
all night and I keep spilling out on my
hives yeah now I'm going to use this
little pink thingy it's called a beauty
blender I think and it looks like an egg
and it's squishy so you can get one of
these from Tom blank for a pound and
this one is actually 50 quid I know so
what you going to do it now I'm using my
hourglass ambient occlusion palette
because it gives me some ambiance up in
my facial area and Dean is next to be
laughter the head office where was that
yeah
so the ambient occlusion palette is
actually my most favorite item from
hourglass and you know what they say
about hourglass no what the heck do they
say about all glass hourglass is your
glass is my flaw is all you do Wow
if you notice oh if you noticed in the
last crew last clip you can see Hannah's
baby crib in the reflection okay now I'm
going for the eyebrows because as you
notice guys I've got the most much
sticky eyebrows they are so I have to
under and over line them a bit of over
line
a bit of underline and a bit of filling
what are you thinking like this I don't
know
and thus Choji my own right now because
he needs some attention and talking
about attention Dinah's eyebrows do need
attention so I'm just drawing some fake
case because our needs there and I want
there and up with the other eyeball now
and we're just basically using an angle
brush and some ink some ink yeah from a
boil ballpoint pen to fill in our
eyebrows so you just basically be fairly
light handed with this because you don't
want to f it up and look like bloody
bloody weed whacker eyebrows dude so
yeah now my eyebrows are sorted
I'm gonna get this Mina palette I'm all
right with that Mina here and I'm just
going to use some crescent moon colour
just us basically a bitter orange and
put it over my eyes now I'm good for the
under waterline of the eye and I'm
filling that in and basically this look
what I'm going for right now is going to
be in fashion soon you watch this space
okay
this is again Thailand how do you keep
up with this all right what are you
doing right now
I didn't even know what are you doing oh
my god yes this is what I'm doing right
now I'm filling in basically do you know
like do you know the crease above your
eyelid you if you fill that in then it
will give the effect like like a sort of
Tweety Bird effect where your eyes pop
out your face
it will give you that kind of effect and
it really accentuates the eye area Wow
isn't that nice
gosh me outside Hobart doll so I'm
basically blending all of that in and
yeah it's looking kind of good see the
gradient and the fall-off it is great
right now even Photoshop couldn't do any
adapter oh and I am using all of this
scale because mama gave it to me now I'm
going to use this bronzy base and lick
my finger and dab it into the bronze a
bit I noticed that this actually works
pretty well because the pigmentation
comes out onto the eyelid very walls and
when it comes onto the eyelid then
everything go on POW and it's hot you
know me
yeah so it's what POW in right now see
that that's like bling so make sure
ladies use your pinky fingers and make
sure you make out your pinky bank on
pinky fingers at the same time cuz that
 would mess it up okay that looks
great right now and now I am going to
sleep because you know that's the best
thing for eyes you need your sleep
and sleep is very important ladies
because if you haven't got sleep then
you look like a zombie anyways I'm going
to add some Photoshop magic now and
basically do some dodging boom
contouring so what I mean by that is you
darken some areas and you'd like in some
areas so you look like a manic wind and
I'm darkening my chin because I want to
make a picture line and I'm darkening my
nose because I want to make a fake stick
no a slope
and I'm talking in my other cheek bone
because I want to make a fake cheekbones
and I'm basically going to darken all of
them areas and blend it all in
and then hopefully after that I'm going
to lighten to marry Adama
oh we will see time is of the essence
and I am actually visiting anyways I'm
going to use another angry and inclusion
palette this one goes from light to pink
and I am true that I am lighting in some
areas look at this
lie on the top of the cheekbone yeah and
now I'm using Bobbi Brown because this
palette is not brown it's actually pink
and I'm gonna make my cheeks rosy
because you know you know what I mean
because people like to see a bit of pink
on the cheeks and I put a blush and then
I'm gonna put some shimmer down could be
close up who doesn't like a bit of
shimmer in Haitian and I'm gonna
put a bit of shimmer on my slope because
our one stir and then I'm gonna get this
cat one be palette because yeah I am
losing it right now okay anyway
basically I smudged all this Kat Von D
all over my face and then I'm gonna do
my eyelashes so these eyelashes needs a
lot of work so I really really will
start cutting this and you will see a
lot of edits right now but base will be
my eyelashes talked about 40 45 minutes
but but I'm just gonna show you a minute
of it basically now I like this look
what the heck get off the damn kitchen
cooker and now I'm gonna go for the
winged looks now Wingardium Leviosa and
that is my motto when go for the winged
look and if you ain't got no wings then
this is kind of fly you know say I'm
birds in the a and they say in cuckoo
so I'm really going to work harder this
it flick these Flicka Rooney's right now
we're going to work hard at it I usually
look quite good yeah didn't get quite
dessert I likes it so basically wow you
actually look what good's it yeah not
too bad but that mustache is really
coming out but you wax the right now
didn't you anyways anyways so put the
nose pin in and you're good to go now
I'm going straight to the lips I'm gonna
underline an over line again to
accentuate go you know your lip doesn't
start there or end there what are you
going round what are you going on what
are you doing
that's not your lip that's not your left
off your face it's your face but you -
you like okay so I'm basically if you
want this look then wherever your lip
ends basically make a line 2 centimetres
around it yeah and then fill in the
inside that's all you need to do so I'm
just using this pencil to fill in kind
of gaps and then I'm leaving
some areas so I could basically put
another colour and add some awesome Wow
dat beard head I'm basically added some
highlights in my lips that's what I'm
doing so it doesn't all look like one
shade haha basically every makeup artist
they're just taking from painted what
painters do
what I do when I'm on Photoshop and I'm
I'm and I'm taking away Deena's bloody
freckles it was happening anyways fill
in the lips and all that stuff then and
then I'm using another thing to fill in
my lips for no reason whatsoever I'm
just doing it so I look professional but
you know what they say Oh
Hannah's awake anyway that's to look
done and I am looking fun bloody tastic
that's beautiful gorgeous poised for the
camera kiss yeah I love it oh my god now
and your total camera since
you've seen it how look right now but
I've actually was one thing I'm going to
use this for the inner corner my eyes
because I always go on banging about the
inner corners of my eyes because
highlighting in the corner is very
important Thanks thank you like that
made one hell of a difference whatever I
miss they put the hood up because I'm
about to go out to Pepe and get me a
excel chicken run I hope you enjoyed
that because I did bye
