guys I'm on my way to prank cast and I'm
late for the rehearsal
I just left another event I need to make
my way pretty much such a long ass walk
though look walking as fast as my legs
can take me quick laughter you check
millions of UK creations who use YouTube
every day to express themselves to
connect with others and to share their
passion the young man from Northampton
she's built a fanbase of over two and a
half million people on YouTube making a
platform for creativity a platform for
display and that makes it the place to
reach your audience at their most
protected Wikipedia buy me a ticket on
Expedia stream all-out media
cockadoodledoo me on Brewster pretty on
to snow kick my rear end on boot stuff
Romney on booster widely on booster but
visa nucleon farmers only add me to your
playlist on Spotify put me on pill today
and of course you can kidnap me in and
uber now my name is Colin Furze if
you've ever watched my channel you'll
know two things about me is what I love
to build things and to the crazy early
invention the better things like
building jet engines with just a drill
an angle grinder and some duct tape to
type of comments and show people how
unrealistic expectations are
women a man it looks like today the
rough perfection isn't real how she is
so inspiring every single day it's
better in background 3tq people and here
the first week
especially here in the UK
I think helps you change respected
people working in fact will
ryousuke breaks why do this culture
young spoke what are the fingers here
listen to me they're not from Australia
all these basically we're actually
listening to an appreciate what I say
to tell you the story of my life
chapter one starts in 1992 I remember
being in Ghana we listened to stories by
the fireside as young matches you are
unaware how those tales ignited the fire
inside they seized hearts of all trees
in London City they said the only way to
sow seeds is to get degree education so
at age of 18 I watched my first dream
time it's like a better speaker decided
never to wake up about how our
diagnostic honesty is betrayal it's
charged with betrayal our dreams
betrayal chapter for education they said
the only way to sow seeds is to get into
green then 2009 it's like I found a
different water then I began taught in
my first gardening tools where Sony
Handycam our Applebee's my birthday and
I left
I sold and I sold a cloud and I put out
I've known I thought no crowd off the
crowd every video was a stone in my
words were like a big splat spill
against one another
you
the old junk
my lovely
I saw the best UT slave line on the
planet may just got my jacket from
backstage brandcast over obviously I was
able to filmed a bit though I was on
stage but we like doing a funny dance
move it was amazing but now I just need
to cool shit real quick guys I'm home
with seed doing dishes like a proper
bitch but I don't know like a proper man
people having to sleep as well and
basically oh my god I don't get like
attacked or anything like that but I got
a little bit harassed on the way home by
like some young very young kind of like
Charlie not really chubby but very young
kinda like to be watch your videos this
very young kind of idiots you fucking
lucky you're lucky sit over there
unlucky owner dropped you on your weight
away is bit hmm and no I felt like it's
a bit overdressed for like to choose
themselves so these safe ladies it's a
scary world I didn't show you my outfit
properly they'll jacket is an a soft one
this is from Jack Wills
this dress which is really long on one
side is from cause I'm wearing my frilly
trousers from Mazzara I'm awesome like
like 20 old issues but anyway I just
need to change a neat and all the you in
a minute I have just had my dinner and
now I'm sitting here I don't know why
look blue because the CBeebies thing is
on TV saying that is finished so the
blue light is reflection on my face it's
11 o'clock now I didn't get home to like
9:00 anyway I basically go asleep oh
shit blue cause it's Hannah's first day
at nursery tomorrow alrighty
good bye
