guys right so I just put a fish in there
to make it look I hide the creases in my
sofa basically we went to the mailbox
today after about definitely at least
three weeks we picked up some mayo so
why just for perfect way to do today's
video is to unbox the mail that we
picked up and we'll just get straight
into it shall we
okay I've got a little message from
Anissa morali hide you know we've
noticed that you've been having some
difficulty with keeping her estate on a
high chair tray lately our baby new food
mat is your miracle solution it has
great suction and is easily portable
underscore baby no oh here we go let's
open it up it's a little frog face oh
look at the back guys suction cups oh I
like the size because I did buy another
one I can't remember the brand from
Amazon but it is so massive that it
doesn't actually the suction doesn't
work because it's too big for her high
chair plate it says this is from Germany
have a look tell me oh my god look at
some food here we got some holy guava
Ellen looks like some fancy waffling and
we have a candle one what's the matter
bin Oh hot for Hannah Shakira Begum
Instagram heart for head lovely
beautiful thank you very much
Kiera hips don't lie dude a good bong
bong Squiggy Squiggy Squiggy Squiggy
Squiggy Squiggy Oh guys these are me and
Sid Christmas jumpers from Save the
Children which is a charity you have a
look Erin O'Connor time selfish mother
hashtag good tease share the love
off-duty elf you've never seen my ears
but when I was born I was born with
really pointy elf ears and my baby
pictures can prove oh let's get this one
right here this pretty little looking
things bespoke canvases sadhika our
oyster dica wha-hoo markham which means
and he is with you wherever you are
we're doing there we have it
you're different I like it I like it a
lot Thank You Sadiq arts that is really
I mean really good wrestler right pure
this black box it says caution items in
this box may be blinding and are known
to cause major attention always artist
Couture you know these are gonna be some
highlights as guys you know they're just
gonna be some highlight when I want to
go for some bling bling bling bling
bling bling ideally go for the artist
control whether they go cuz they D whoa
they always go absolutely crazy with
their packaging and well-poised
blimey mate blimey I've got new
highlighters artists control light up
the night holiday 2016 oh that's Jackie
the youtuber modeling there that is her
isn't it yes that is Jackie the youtuber
whoo la bronzed sugar daddy double take
conceited and Illuminati should I open
up one I'll just open up one cuz these
can get very messy Angle now this is
double tape oh it's a bronzy one
damn that you can see the color there
guys
you know just cleaning my chill there's
the box how beautiful can beauty London
let's have a little opener again has
these okay a Malayan let's open the
envelope we are uk-based cosmetic
company we are cruelty free and vegan
friendly our products are paraben free
and have little to no chemicals or
alcohol for battle matter
we're in appreciate if we could get some
feedback from you as well as hope to be
also be featured in to your unboxing
video luckily look look lookie look look
looking looking looking let's have a
look and look well one definitely looks
like a highlighter and the other one
looks like a shiny blusher not gonna lie
looks exciting not oh I didn't blend
that business in earlier Nina so the
ingredients makeup whatever that is
titanium dioxide hundred percent coconut
oil yellow but oil or jojoba oil true
how do you say it
I dunno yo her nappy is not looking good
castor oil cerissa tight maker it's a
parabola Massa rotated kaolin clay Wow
all sounds totally totally like I know
what the hell it takes where they go cuz
my light is over here so you can really
see it in the light they're looking good
so far
I like to like it a lot I have to try it
on with like a Papa face and makeup cuz
I don't even have makeup on my face I
just have lips and browser so I'm show
you the brand is called obvio it's
basically a natural organic hair and
beauty brand divine hair oil hello magic
body oil Oh interesting
oil balancing and clarifying face mask
five heads and oils okay side multi hair
mask but I read the invidious for
earlier exciting
all right FedEx open up shell night Oh
see this is what's good about FedEx they
have to give you a no pull to open tab
which makes life a lot easier Offices of
some a detox tea - everybody advertises
breath morning life tea tea blend 100%
natural this one soothes digestion
promotes weight loss at aids and burning
fat boosts immune system okay they sent
me what looks like something to drink my
team thanks guys thanks guys from lyc√©e
hope you enjoying your life with all the
thieves Japan's favorite treats which is
bloody exciting it looks like his
Japanese treats my friend
drink time and I have a little look my
love vegetable creek jelly great sweet
milky Hello Kitty chocolate caramel corn
more Hello Kitty's me this looks like a
fruit roll-up a bra sort of brothers to
borrow or juice Oh amazing
kind of like it mmm yummy I mean who
very creepy this is not leap off young
young something where you make your own
ice cream jelly sweet what yeah look
there's instructions on the back they
love doing that Japan Japanese snack do
is like making you work for it wait
bang-bang this form perfect food oh my
god look guys it's like a bunch of
spices and stuff we are a company based
in leaves called tropics food UK and we
manufacture seasonings mixes and
marinades Oh peri-peri chicken fry mix
what the hair hot and spicy chicken fry
mix special chicken fry mix fish
seasoning pop got it Boulder chick
sprinkle paprika and tomato pink Sherpa
Himalayan gourmet salt Sid we got a
steak marinade mom's chicken Melanie
mango a line marinade bro oh my god guys
they literally send everything Wow is it
a mother make mother needed me yeah
we're open lobby lobby lobby you'll be
in the back of our cupboards for the
next 10 years then I just make a joke
like you know when you like open the car
bar and it's like a mini like a marinade
for many years just like a diamond
that's it guys that's all my Mayo so
till next time
