hi guys okay so today's video I thought
I would open up just check-in that's not
my address my mail for you guys my post
sorry we know in America on camera
because there's so many things that I
order all the time and I just think oh I
must show you guys this I must show you
that and then I'll ever get around to it
so I'm going to open up my mail on
camera as well as everything that I've
got sent in the past about two weeks and
hopefully if you guys like this video I
will make it a regular occurrence right
now let's clear this table and start
opening okay so I'm going to start with
this box over here this was actually
sent to my PO Box address okay I don't
know about you guys but like I love
watching people open like you know when
you give someone a present like during a
Eid or Christmas or birthdays you just
love you're like open it out open it now
so I thought this would be really fun
videos to do and it means I can zoom
them all the time because I'm always
shopping me you have no idea sorry
leopard print what we are left with is a
nice big silver box ooh this is from the
body shop oh my god Wow our wildest
Christmas ever in celebration of our
40th anniversary and lifelong dedication
to campaigning against animal testing
we're forgoing the mistletoe and mince
pies to bring you our faces festive
celebration today so this says hi Dina
we hope you like our you like our roar
oh our awesome Oh like awesome heart
Christmas collection it's so much
naturing almost came early right let me
just show you the inside the body shop
shower gel and body butter and it's in
frosted berries how exciting
and then we have um Chinese ginseng and
rice clarifying polishing mask we have
the body shop frosted cranberry body
butter and then we have a few bath
fizzies the more body butters love me
butter OD buzz then we have frosted
berries shower gel yes I needed a new
shower gel softening body gel lotion
again frosted berries that's like the
Christmassy kind of scent legging form
get a now let's get some makeup so this
is an eye palette
true romance i palate have a little look
oh I don't know the body shop does matte
liquid lips okay that we have for matte
liquid lip here are the colored guys
exciting good we have an eye color stick
in Nevada gold I'm not sure I think that
an eyeshadow stick looks like and we
have another one in Siberian quartz and
we have another one in Cyprus bronze
these look great I love like creamy
eyeshadows oh I have an angled brush yes
oh I have a double-ended brush this is
the body shot double ended a shadow
brush oh I got a few all over three
brushes eye colors thick well that's a
good start let's put it all back well
thank you very much body shop for
sending me that I feel very very like I
feel like if you gave me this face to
face basically I'd be blushing like
insanely and feeling really like oh I
can't but I can
ha this is something I've ordered and
this is from Amazon yeah I'm using a
safety pin because that's why I did oh
hey jebby and I got loads of them
ignore my like long dangly pearl
earrings I'm wearing with a dress
sweater I'm just at home chilling today
kind of like recouping after a fairly
busy week and then I just thought I'd do
a bit of dress up even though I haven't
done any eye makeup to I'm just kind of
okay
lucky things oh this is what I got for
Hannah okay so I ordered her a bath toy
it's a newbie one I love newbie stuff
basically limb to get out the box
basically she needs a new bath toy so I
got her this like octopus thing anyway I
know she thought it would be like that
big but it's actually quite tiny but I
got had this like floating octopus that
has these things that she can like put
on the tentacles and play with it in the
bath then I got these and they are the
glow bracelets you know the ones that
you snap and then they like stop glowing
and dark and then just took them out
later and I've got a pack of 100
basically for her bath
- obviously I'm going to be a
supervising colonel these are also
non-toxic so exciting that is going to
make some bath times party like four
it's actually addressed Dina and said
exclamation mark exclamation mark and
this is obviously something we've been
sent from mailbox so let's have a little
look the new - GUI I think this is the
triple black okay so my turbines
obviously we're too big for a cap right
now I'm getting excited because there's
camo listen up times new to GUI cap and
then we have the listen up times unities
okay t-shirt it says places to go unit
listen up that's a really nice color
Joe handle air this is a listen up
custom splattered camo exciting
I love splatter I love white splatter on
clothes I've just di wide my skinny
jeans with white splatter because they
were so boring on the back of this it
says probable cause let me show you if
you've heard of Noda GU you definitely
heard of listen up clothing they're
really cool brand and they give a 50% to
charity and it says that on the tag as
well I'm looking for camera the other
day and this is camel with a cause this
is something I ordered guys if you can
hear Hannah moaning she's like moaning
because she's waiting for her lunch in
her high chair while Sigma PES it's so
oh I know what this is
yes Anna has been sleeping with me in my
bed since she was born but we recently
bought a cot which is located right over
there and we did go through a phase
where we tried to get her to sleep in it
and it was kind of working but and then
we went traveling and then we just got
busy and we just kind of did whatever
was easier which was not caught but now
she is getting to that age where she's
sleeping for a lot longer periods so we
are gonna go back to the car and so what
I didn't I ordered some cot bumpers I
don't know I didn't think of this before
I didn't know it was a thing like I just
used to like pad it around besides with
like blankets and stuff but then I was
always really wary of it in case it
falls and like suffocating asleep so I
just thought this would make things more
cozy and it's just a plain cot bumper to
go all around the cop she started doing
this thing where she like wakes up looks
around then like slams herself back onto
the bed and if I'm gonna put her in the
cot then she doesn't have much space so
she could quite
smack ahead and that would be very
pleasant you probably wake up terribly
then so we've got this small package
over here it's a little gift looks like
it's a bird called the nature of beauty
beauty what beautiful looking but
organic skincare botannical Beauty
rituals and clean cosmetics by imelda
Burke Oh the definitive guide to a new
generation of natural beauty skincare
and makeup choosing natural beauty
doesn't mean ditching high-tech products
in favor of homemade potions
it means being conscious about what
you're buying what are you putting on
your skin what does it do and where does
it come from this honest expert book
will teach you how to recognize what
your skin needs and how to buy the best
products for you and the author Imelda
Burke is a leading expert in modern
natural beauty she was also one of its
earliest champions her london-based shop
content beauty being the first to sell
some of the biggest natural beauty
brands from around the world Wow a
little subheading there called teen skin
natural beauty hacks wow this looks
amazing types of dry skin ingredients to
look for in your skincare this is
hyaluronic acid yes I know about that oh
this is so interesting guys skin
boosters talks about sugar what it does
for your skin vitamin A ooh
I'll let you know how this goes we have
something from a source guys I'm always
on ASOS
honestly constantly shopping get a sauce
and I'm constantly like buying trying on
and then returning like I have a package
up to 210 because it was just too small
for me to stuff which is sad don't worry
about it keep eating them Cakes girl I
ordered this coat because it's my
brother's birthday tomorrow and I took
him shopping the other day he loves next
that I bought him a coat and it was a
gorgeous burn orange kind of gorgeous
color and I was just like if I could
find a female version of that I would be
very happy so online on ASOS this looked
like that but now when I've got it it
looks a bit more Brown than orange which
is a bit of a shame but we'll try it on
see how I goes nice fabric I do like the
fabric all Ashley listen looking
interesting this is neon rose brand
plays from ASOS and I got it in a size
medium so shall we try it on together I
guess so oh I think it's a bit smaller
look my jumpers gone and done funny
stuff there's the hood oh the hoods not
as big as it makes out on the website
which is a shame no point in tiny little
stupid weird shaped hood just make them
nice and big well I guess I'll try it on
without my jumper like properly but I
think I'm gassed return that a bigger
size when I wear coats like they have to
be perfect because most of time in the
winter I don't plan outfits I just wear
coats and then I just wear pair pair of
trousers and like knee-high boots and
then I don't have outfits so my coats
need to be that's why I like to have a
few coats as well because I don't find
outfits underneath them I just wear the
coats as the outfit so like I need coats
to look likely out like so they have to
be perfect Ubud to Rob's learn and play
store sounds like a kid's toy shop they
have Arabic alphabet flashcard
life begins quran stories four little
hearts oh this is this is perfect for
Hannah right now a camel alphabet puzzle
my first ABC from the Quran that's cute
see how that is there's the cab lovely
Allah made them all another Quran story
for little hearts Abu Turab learn and
play store there you go thank you very
much Alberto arms oh by the way if you
order from then it says by purchasing
today you have not only bought products
but also helped in charity with every
purchase made a 1 pound is donated to
the MA TWU project which stands for
Muslims around the world thanks very
much for that guys very very very kindly
I think this is something else
I've ordered from Amazon again something
for Hannah this is called the slumber
sack the safe comfortable way for all
babies and children to sleep so you know
like I was saying blankets don't really
work with her she's still not able to
use blankets though this is a travel
sleeping bag on the back by the way and
I think this is very important it says
remember it's better to be cool then hot
and it's quite normal for the babies
hands and arms to be cool feel the neck
of your baby's neck which is back there
if it's damp then your baby might be too
warm a lot of people in Egypt and not
even in Egypt just a lot of people
around the world have this idea that
babies need to be really really warm
right
so they like wrap them up in crazy
amounts of layers and the babies are
just too hot like for example there's
one woman who I met and she had a four
month old baby and she'd come on public
transport in the summer and public
transport in Egypt is crazy crazy packed
just madness and she'd come she'd
arrived to her destination like in the
summer in the blazing heat in the
afternoon with a four month old wearing
like two layers of like baby grows and
two layers of trousers and on top of
that she put like a big fluffy jumper on
her and then like thicker trousers a
really thick socks shoes had her hair
tied up really tightly and like a really
uncomfortable like hairband on this baby
and and then a coat on top of that and
the baby just came bright red and it was
just absolutely sweating and she was
like and she was sweating and I was like
if you're boiling hot your baby is gonna
be boiling hot please remove the layers
of your baby's clothes and she just was
adamant that the baby was cold and I was
like you've got to be kidding me like I
was dying inside because I was like I
made her take the clothes off there and
then because I was like you you woman
you are crazy like your baby is it
sweating and she is red these are the
sleeves and there's a chicken bag it was
quite massive because it's from like 12
months all the way to 36 so she's gonna
have this for ages oh this looks like
it's also from the body shop okay it's a
summer look somebody's cooling down I
can't top specialized it says I'm wild
about Dina ah that's amazing
24 hour intense moisture for dry skin
well that's great cuz you should see my
knees I didn't even wash dries my arms
today so let me just do that right now
guys one of my things that really annoys
me is if I forget to leave the house
without moisturizing my hands my arms
and my feet it really annoys me when I
forget to do that because I just feel
like I just can't face a day if my hands
and my feet aren't moisturizer it does
my head in
thanks again body shop god they've
really bloody spoiled mate
I'm gonna show you the mess I've made
after the game something vahana this is
something that's actually quite oh of
something for me
nipple shields i've been breastfeeding
Hannah's can she's a baby fully
exclusively breastfeeding I don't even
mean like pumping and giving her that in
a bowl I literally mean she has her mill
only out of my boob because she refuses
to I would love to be able to give her a
bottle give my boobs a break but no she
won't let me so some reason after like
she turned one it started really hurting
they started getting really saw like
unbearably saw where like I'm feeding
her and I'm like please get off me this
is so unbearably painful I couldn't
handle it but it's her only way to have
milk though I'd get myself some nipple
shields because maybe if I introduced
nipple shields now you know she'll start
to like not be bothered says have it
because it's like a weird thing to have
that's I don't know I'll let you know
how that goes and then I ordered like a
shower cap thing from Amazon for her
because I used to be able to lay her
down in the bar that she'd just float
about and she'd be quite happy which
meant that I could wash her hair very
easily but now she doesn't like to lay
down on her back
so I have to wash her hair while she's
sitting and it's always getting in her
eyes and making her kind of good so I
bought this so that I can just put it
around her pour the water directly
overhead and just go with is an actual
ripoff if you look at it because I think
it was about ten pound and it's just
like foam that you could quite easily
rip so that's a bit crap this is also
for Hannah the other day we were in a
park in Hamstead and it was raining like
crazy but there were loads of babies
there that the parents just let them
kind of like run free they were crawling
in the mud they were splashing about
they were sitting on the wet swings
they're having the time of their life
because they were all wearing coats like
this and there was Hannah just in her
cute little duffle coat and little socks
and I was like now don't burn the fan
she's gonna be a mess so then I went
home and I straightway ordered her one
of these full-body kind of suit things
okay guys here's the final one this came
to our mailbox so I'm guessing that this
person actually just came to the mailbox
and dropped it off because it's not like
in a parcel and it's called Kay shawls
so let's open up this is the last and
final one
did in a please accept this beautiful
gift from Kashmir it is made from pure
wall and is made with the love from
they'll just say Kashmir right I'm not
just catch me Kashmir Kashmir cake
shawls cash Mutual's yeah I already know
I'm gonna love it me o tender guys is it
filling up my screen what a beauty
I love scarves like this I really do
scarves like this for the winter are
just the best thing ever I love wrapping
one of these around my neck thank you
very much
kay Shores this is beautiful scarf I
will tag you when I wear it with one of
my clothes eCos that is lush that's it
guys I've opened all of my mail in front
of you I probably won't do this again
for maybe another two weeks three weeks
let me know if you even want to see it
by the way something I forgot to mention
in this video I actually woke up with a
swollen eye today that's why this side
looks kind of you can kind of still see
the swelling that's watching till next
time the life of a YouTube setup this is
the mess
