morning guys this is Hannah's little
birthday outfit with her little
moccasins from Ellie's boots so good fit
guys by the way we spent all morning in
the pool and we thought we'd go out
later today but she's still once more
Hannah stop trying to eat the plants a
little bit stop
oh my god plants are not allowed stop
she's great because we laid the plants
no no no no no I know
Connie plants I know yeah yeah played
that guys said just cook us breakfast
and now he's watching on YouTube
and I'm just sitting on some juice and
I'm gonna get dressed and we're gonna
film my lookbook these are my outfits
for holiday and basically we didn't get
a chance to film them while I was
wearing them so we're just gonna film
them all this morning and said so kindly
ironed everything what a great guy oh my
gosh let's go for this look first look
one ready then just Kat Von D on my lips
guys called underage red I forgot my
sunglasses guys okay and then then get a
nope that's yeah this is the next Alpha
guys I've already actually worn out here
but I think it's nice to film it that's
the street
we finally finished filming the lookbook
and now we are going where we going Syd
wants to go to the same spot we went to
last night so to see it in the daytime
so we're going there and really I just
want to go eat a gyro from somewhere but
not really too sure where so you guys
will be joining us on our final day here
hello hi lovely chillin sunshine I love
you all so when Phil talks to you Mike
hey my foot yeah guys we just put
Hannah's houses over this link to do a
lazy and cause a bit cold
cut it again with the frozen yogurt guys
this time strawberry that's good this
camera's broken from we yeah yeah we
need to get another one but another time
anyway look at this view one last time
hey guys honey babe you
- bye Hannah one has a little little
souvenir memory uses kind of a cute
jacket anyway thank you thank you
gosh let me tell you a funny story right
about this jacket basically I supported
it yesterday to get a partner funny see
you in
I mean Sid just before I went to the
shop I said sit I'm gonna look for
jacket found in here cuz she doesn't got
one cardigan hand it's cold and all that
crap right and then I showed up and he
decides to go what's the point 25 euros
what the hell so expensive why would you
pay for that we're only here for another
few days she's got cardigan and I was
like hey if I stay but I told you I was
coming out I'm just like so embarrassed
in front of the woman so I was like okay
fine and then walks out and then I had
proper went off of him I was like don't
be having this domestic with me it's had
a shock when you knew I was going MST
you had the domestic when you knew I was
going in who had the domestic supply
Hannah for my opinion i'ma tell you my
yeah but just before that he was like
who went the shop he was like yo I'm
gonna go cash machine and get loads of
money out so we can just spend on oh
I'll get Hannah a jacket and then we're
gonna go in to get that news actually
yeah I swear to god I'm just gonna shoot
my brains out this idiot behind me right
I'm talking about this idiot just bought
a fake adidas hoodie 230 euros
that's basically 29 years that's
basically like 28 pounds she paid like
28 pounds for a fake
added s hoodie no really though you know
like when you know you have to travel
tomorrow like basically has to travel
love a c3 airplane journeys I just want
to be super comfortable I didn't bring
any kind of like goodies and stuff like
that so morning guys
basically last night pretty much went in
today just for how to sleep and then
just browse the internet widen up my lip
you have a chocolate cake oh my god
anyway
okay just Mahan asleep and then we just
chilled blew two tires so I didn't
really blog and this morning we were
just mad well she's packing everything
up because the car was coming to tell
o'clock right I'm Hanna haven't even had
any breakfast so she's stabbing she's
gonna eat really you've been great here
in Santorini I hope you guys have
enjoyed it with us guys were the airport
and that the Samsung Galaxy themselves
on a level plane before it shut up oh
Matic there's third life
we're back in London Heathrow Airport
night we've had the worst journey ever
three airplanes all up business-class
Lufthansa is the pink sunshine
our first instance was yo we went on to
board the plane when we came in we gave
our boarding passes and we put up we
gave some of the woman our British
passports basically and this guy in the
background was like
is like that and he looked at us and
then he went British like that oh you're
British like oh how did these immigrants
I managed to get one so fast yeah and
basically took our passports and me and
you were like looking at each other like
he was looking through it and then I
went I went is there a problem he's like
just checking where you came from is
that so blue so you didn't like oh
you're a bit serious mate and he was
like oh no nothing serious yeah I know
oh my god like such a piss-take man and
then after we got off that we got on
that plane then we got off that plane
and arrived in Munich and then I got
stopped by German border order force
some ginger man and he just literally I
started make I caught that with me out
nowhere he was in like plain clothes so
like you can tell that he's in uniform
River and then I'm just walking and he
just jumps right in front of me like
that
did she I have nowhere like something
that was movie and he goes possibles
please sounds like well who the
hell are you even mate and he showed me
his butt his badge made a quick like I
was getting arrested on like a canal
made this serious so then I was like
sage cuz Syd was up ahead with her and I
was like stay away because it had all
puzzles right so thence it was like yo
we've got planes crashing five minutes
and he was like oh we'll do it quick we
will do it quick then that was supposed
to be German accent
and then UNESCO after properly looking
at all our and I was just like yeah
these German people really don't like it
so anyway and then on top of all that
the friggin business class was a piece
of no leg room whatsoever we had we
were sitting next to somebody in a row
of three I know everybody was just
trying to be polite obviously can have
baby right like nobody wants to sit next
to baby obviously but basically we're
just man we feel like we've been to the
other end it would pay like we've been
to Australia we've only gone to Greece
and we ready done three flights that
early about an hour and a half each on
our bridge so no fans basically I can't
believe it like I was really looking
forward to this trip as lucky as I'm
chilling cuz we're going business class
it will be a bit comfortable you didn't
even have any leg rest I don't care if
the flight is like a short flight or
anything then don't advertise or don't
sell tickets that are business class if
the seesaw is actually saying just don't
do it because that is a ripoff like it's
not worth it for me to be able to sit in
the lounge beforehand laughs I don't
care about that the food in the lounge
is not even that great it's
actually it's just as the cereal it's
not know like if you've been to the know
the lounge we saw that on camera but
well this trip was worth it anyway guys
were home now well almost
vlog maybe when I get in or something I
don't know
