morning guys we bout to try them
breakfast that we miss yesterday
breakfast isn't that great at least it's
on tape hello I'd like an eyelid my room
please thank you
well la the iron Zia concert oh my
lipstick dance mud and nest we're
checking out of this hotel and we're
going to catch off right to Santorini
there's Han answered the den believing
and sun is shining where the airport and
my trousers so crease because the dryer
ruined them
and Sid couldn't get get it out with the
iron anyway I look like you know when
you watch these like Hollywood Ulta cool
movies and they've got like like films
in like LA or something and then they
put these like greasy sweaty men wearing
Hawaiian shirts and chains around them
and smoking a cigar with like tea no
trousers I'm dressed like that today I
realize halfway through you realized it
said I look like a Colombian drug lord
Pablo Escobar
Zelda look what's going on with SIDS
beard right now you know when you get a
makeup brush and some of the hairs are
gone astray that's what's happening this
is BH see that one put it back they take
over your beard said all this it'll stop
working just like my makeup brushes
let's try me going this is sufficient I
like this but I'm not buying it guys we
just got to the villa that we're staying
in right now I'm standing in front of
the front door but to give you a tool so
I've just walked in to the right we have
stairs I'm going to take you up there
stairs a bit later right to the left of
me is a lovely little pool you're giving
dinning teenie geenie and then over here
we have oh my god take you in here in
here we have a bathroom this is so
traditional and cute guys over here we
have said guarding the door because
he'll is trying to crawl out Hannah this
is a hazard here I am the kitchen how
cute is this kitchen just reminds me of
like really old school places in Egypt
and then the person that we rented this
off his mom made us like a stew that
we're heating up now to munch on he
looks yummy this is like a single
bedroom so cute so cute guys so cute
what a bedroom that will be staying
oh go Jess and then there's a bathroom
over here I like this bathroom it's so
quirky guys
hmm look at it it's so Greek I love it
because shower and then here's this wash
basin and Here I am again natural Sun
bed in case I want to get my nipples
brown we're going on but it is all over
there check this out you're just getting
started what do they call that mezzanine
Dennis
bed up here guys it is it obviously I
love this piece cause so many mirrors
right guys checked this kitchen out I
love it oh hi rug we need people over
here you'll never guess what happened
right after I showed you the villa okay
going to the hand around for a nap I
pretty much fell asleep with her for
about three hours and we woke up and it
was dark and we're like okay now it will
you
so we've just gone through a wall and
there's like a few restaurants by the
middle here so we just picked one we're
in this restaurant and we tried to find
a supermarket to get snack so just found
this bakery and it was quite a scary
walk which a lot of us too busy being
scared kind of dogs like barking and had
absolutely shadows are pretty much and
but then when we came back the lights
came on - it wasn't that bad
you see this window over here yeah
literally about 20 Chinese tourists just
walk past and stop this like taking
pictures of Hana through the window
butI guys it's great I'm going to be
fair that's great guys
it's like 2:00 a.m. basically what
happened is I came home and I got a
highly ready for bed tried to go to
sleep she wouldn't sleep for my age
Aires and then she fell off the bed and
then she was crying but handle issues
okay but we finally planted sleep and
Hammond said have been asleep for a
while but basically that nap earlier -
you ruined it for me because now I can't
leave this to him
I literally can't sleep that's the pool
outside so I'm just kind of awake
creeping around but I thought I'd end
the vlog and I guess I will see you guys
tomorrow
