we're in Munich guys this morning
basically we haven't slept it's like
Stella talk in the morning
in Germany we're at the airport having a
pretzel and we've been traveling since
four o'clock in the morning and we
haven't slept any there's Hannah and
we're on the way to Athens I didn't vlog
earlier because way too tired you should
have seen us at home though literally
packed in one hour we're on a nice
little family break and my lens is red
and I'm gonna vlog daily for you
basically it's Hannah's birthday oh it
was Hannah's birthday yesterday
she turned one I'm Lila yeah I thought
you I survived one year of motherhood
anyway so instead of doing a birthday
party which is always just for the Paris
anyway we thought would just take
ourselves on holiday
Syd ones introducing you shall be
so guys by the way we bought this pram
specifically for this holiday because
obviously our Stokie one was way too big
today so this is one with all and it's
exactly like the pocket one which folds
into like a tiny little square but it's
a Mothercare version I also forgot to
mention that we've got five hours to
wait here in Germany before we get on to
a two-hour plane journey
great I stocked up on BBC iPlayer
cartoons for Hanna not that she's
watching she just wants to smash the
screen up really hey guys not in life
she was all right on the first place she
lived you two slept through it cuz it's
at home with you
but Cross Buns one a penny two a penny
hot cross buns if you have no daughters
give them to your son's one a penny two
a penny hot cross bun ha and she's
asleep
guys were on the second plane this is
the besties business class
exactly the same we paid an extra how
many I don't know to eat a bowl of
cereal before we got on the plane
we're in Acton guys we went to the hotel
we relax we change houses a fee and now
basically we're going out to check out
the area that the hotel is in its nine
o'clock at night here in Athens so we're
just gonna like go for a walk and see
wag one maybe get some toothpaste for
the morning of them and yeah basically
we're pretty much naked and I'm starving
and bloated this is Richie right outside
our hotel it's not even hot by the way
got wedding dress is just like Egypt in
Athens guide to in supermarket and I
just feel like I'm in Egypt but cleaners
so I'm just picking up toothpaste and
then we want oh really
I'm going to grab one of these milk Oh
drinks
Coon
chuckle cool distance from this wall to
the
at that time yes of the world so I see
this one - rod Bob like I'm in Greece
mate I'm plugging little bit 7up artwork
that's cute I like that I'm going to buy
this literally for the sake of Instagram
picture guys my sad yes I don't get this
is the third country
boo-boo has been to as she is one and
it's her third time traveling on a plane
so she's gonna be quite the traveler in
Sharla that's one Tyler make her you
just came in from getting food and you
don't know what happened on the way
basically I was walking behind CID and I
just remember seeing this like shadow
like and I was like I look twice I was
like oh what's that crawling up to zeg
but then I just thought is the leaves
the shadow of the leaves you know on his
leg anyway next thing we know we turned
the corner and he just brushes so
casually this humongous cockroach of his
neck onto the floor and I freaked out I
felt like I had suddenly a hundred on me
even they've gone warn me I'm glad it
Excel anyway
under anyway that shadow was the bloody
cockroach I witnessed it crawling up his
frigging leg ill anyway we've also take
away pasta we bought some takeaway gyros
and we bought a bunch of junk by the way
guys we flew on loot sans the airlines
which is crap by the way I mean the
service the people that work they are
lovely but I mean the business class is
a load of rubbish but they gave her some
free sauce don't you read it now I
actually need to shower can I ask if you
like cockroaches are fun mommy this is
Greek tell you guys it's just like them
a catchphrase
