hi guys I really wanted to talk to you
guys about hey jebby hair problems I get
so many emails from those of you guys
who are wearing scarf who maybe just
started wearing a scarf who've been
wearing it for years and years I've been
wearing it for about 15 years well so I
totally understand what these hey jebby
hair problems kind of ah anyway
experiencing hair loss from wearing a
scarf Oh hair thinning for me I've also
touched on very very very briefly in
some of my previous videos about when I
was younger and when I used to hair pole
I used to do love hair pulling and
there's a name for it which I can't
remember but it begins with the T and
it's like trickle ah blah blah something
aadya or mania but not properly because
when I was doing that back in the days
in that I never really knew it was like
a thing that people go through and then
you can get help and stop hair pulling I
just used to do it and then when I got
older I realized oh that's what
that was you know it's really difficult
because when you wear a scarf
everybody's got this preconception that
you know your hair underneath is
stunning and it must be so healthy and
it must be so amazing right but in
reality I think I mean I can't speak for
every hedge I be out there cuz obviously
there are hijabis out there who do have
friggin fantastic hair underneath right
but I think for a lot and I'm basing
this on the amount of emails I get and
I'm just with my friends circle in
general the hair underneath isn't that
great and so you kind of like having to
battle two problems here one just trying
to fit in wearing the hair but looking
half decent wearing it out and about and
work or in whatever you're trying to do
anyway and the other battle you're kind
of facing is the fact that your hair
actually isn't even that great
underneath so when you're in all-female
gatherings everybody's kind of looking
forward to seeing everybody without
their scarf on and looking all glam and
looking better because he was first or
look better without it right or we're
supposed to look more attractive without
it and then you're kind of battling the
fact that actually you look a bit
without scarf right I'm not saying that
this is like the case for all hey jebby
oh this is the case for the hijabis that
go through
and that's just how it is they have to
deal with it but every hijab' probably
you know goes through that phase in her
hey jebby lifetime at some point and i a
hundred percent have right so before i
get into like the hair-pulling stuff
another thing that some people don't
understand if you've been wearing and
this kind of only applies for girls
who've been wearing the head jab for
like as long as me let's say for like 15
years for the majority of their teenage
years and you know going into adult life
and this is kind of like the
expectations in the muslim community as
well not just in their non-muslim
community right the non-muslims are kind
of just like fantasizing they kind of
like oh she must have beautiful hair
nice she's gonna look like Jasmine from
Aladdin or something like that you kind
of expect it to know how to style your
hair in really nice ways you know and
you're kind of expected to do that when
you get married as well look I can't
speak for everybody but for me growing
up I always used to think about all when
I get married because obviously I was
what I was a hey jebby the whole time I
was growing up so I'd always look
forward to when I get married I'm gonna
do my hair like this and I'm gonna do it
like this for my husband I'm gonna style
it like this because obviously you know
when you don't get to do something that
the majority of women are doing everyday
you always want to do it right you
always want what you kind of not can't
have but you always want to do what you
don't get to do if that makes any sense
so growing up I was always like yeah I
can't wait to get married cuz I'm gonna
style my hair so nice I'm gonna wear
such nice clothes at home blah blah blah
blah blah and all this stuff but the
reality is guys unless you were you know
a hair connoisseur beforehand or unless
you just recently put on the scarf and
for the majority of your life you've
been styling your hair the reality is
you don't really have a clue how to
style your hair and you always told yeah
you can do your hair for your husband
you know every day you're gonna be like
sign your hair and things like that
but the reality is right when you're a
home and this goes for every woman I
think when you're at home you just want
to be comfortable the last thing you
want to do is dress up a you know style
your hair out wear wear a full face of
makeup like that's the last thing you
want to do sometimes obviously you feel
like doing it for yourself and chilling
out at home with your messing around
with makeup stuff like that or you just
do it because you feel good right
sometimes if you're like a working
and I don't mean a makeup artist working
woman but even makeup artist I doubt
they have time to do makeup on their
actual selves right because they're too
busy doing it on everyone else if you're
a full-time mother and you're at home
all day with the kids people think oh a
lot of husbands think this oh you've
been at home all day why did you look a
mess like you should decent with me but
you know when you're a mother and you've
got kids like that's the hardest job of
it all if you ask me and this the job
that you don't get paid for as well but
that is definitely the hardest job on
this planet and it's the job where
there's no breaks and no holidays
whatsoever it's 24/7 so the last thing
you want to be doing and you know even
if you do find time to do that you know
you just want to be able to eat sliced
toast or something sometimes you do you
do start your hand you do do your makeup
and it's kind of like and it's like a
treat kind of thing or whoever it's for
whether it's for yourself or for your
partner or whatever but it's not an
everyday thing I'm not gonna lie in my
first year of marriage I wasn't really
doing much I mean I was doing the
YouTube and the blogging but it wasn't
really it was more of a hobby than then
like a career and work I didn't have
that much going on to be honest with you
so I had a lot of free time and in those
days Sid was going to his job and then
I'd be at home most of the day I'd be at
home all day actually hormone about and
I didn't have a kid obviously back then
so I would try and you know wear
something that I can't wear as I dare be
outside in public I would try and do my
hair things like that but it was so
difficult because I don't actually know
how to do my hair you don't have a lot
of that motivation because because
you're a heavier nobody really sees your
hair right it's literally just you at
home but if you're one of those really
really busy Chevy's and you're out all
day and you're wearing a scarf all day
you literally come home take it off your
hair is flat as a pancake on your head
pulled back and you're just straight in
your PJs and pretty much get into bed or
you're just doing your bedtime your
nighttime routine whatever so you
haven't really got time and I don't know
I just feel like we're expected to know
these things for when we get married but
when were we supposed to have lit well
every single day we wear a scarf right
and obviously this gets on to the hair
loss thing right I understand how you
know a lot of you guys feel like you're
losing hair or your hair is thin since
wearing a scarf and I feel the same to
be honest with you when I look at
pictures of me you know young
my hair was like so thick so super thick
it looked amazing and when I look at it
now I'm like it's just all the same
because obviously it's been covered for
years and using yes but covering your
hair can also have benefits for it
you know keeping it away from the Sun
and stuff but I think the main the main
problem with the hair loss situation
when you s cough is you know how we wear
our hair underneath a lot of us tie our
hair in tight buns or ponytails and a
lot of the time it's tight to keep it in
place all day so many people say I'll
just loosen it it's simple it's not that
simple if you're busy and you're out and
about all day because it just becomes a
mess it's just like non hijabis you know
you want your hair to be perfect that
day and you just do whatever is the most
comfortable and if it's out of place it
really pisses you off the same thing
applies with a job right so when you
wear your scarf yeah you pin it in place
you do your hair really securely
underneath you wear bandanas on duty to
keep everything in place and you do it
quite tight so that it stays in place so
when you're doing that every single day
for years and years and years obviously
it's gonna have a bit of an effect on
your hair if I was to take the scarf off
right now my hair is in a tight bun like
I can feel the pulling you know what I
mean and sometimes I do like to loosen
it you know to relieve that pressure and
stuff it is difficult I totally
understand you guys but one of the
things that really really helped me try
and get my hair back on track is um
cutting it quite short okay I always
just have long hair and I found that
that always put a strain on my head
because it was so long you know so
there's extra weight and then you know
as soon as you cut your hair short
there's like automatic extra bounce and
extra life when you leave it out because
it's not dragging down so I cut my hair
and then I started using coconut oil on
my scalp every single night one of the
benefits of being a Debbie right is
nobody sees your hair so you can
literally put coconut oil every night of
the week and not wash your hair for like
ten days and nobody will know that
you're doing very very intense repairing
I took advantage of that and okay I
haven't really done much hair care since
having Hannah stuff because I just
haven't had time for myself to be honest
with you and thankfully actually getting
pregnant during the pregnancy god it
really helps me with my hair oh my god
all of a sudden like my hair was the
thickest has ever been other than when I
was
obviously drench it in oil castor oil is
really good as well as coconut oil also
almond oil those are the three that I
use castor oil cooking oil and almond
oil and I literally put it on every
single night and I'd massage it into my
scalp and all the way to the ends of my
hair and then I just put my hair up in a
bun I made that part of my routine like
a daily thing and I did that over a year
and it really bloody helped let me tell
you there's nothing that's gonna be
overnight guys like you see loads of you
know YouTube videos or Instagram videos
even and put this mask on your hair this
mask on your hair and then it's gonna
get rid of bald spots and that but it's
not like everything is gonna take at
least a year if you ask me honestly
another thing I used to do a lot in
Holland and Barrett you can get nail and
hair tablets it's not a whole tent food
but if you add them to your regular diet
because obviously none of us have our
diets really on point so a lot of the
time especially if you're busy and
you're doing stuff you miss the key
vitamins that you need to keep your hair
healthy and your nails healthy right so
these vitamins are just kind of like
putting that back into diet and that
 really helped me as well let me
just touch on the trickle or mainly or
whatever it is called I think it was due
to a lot of anxiety which at the time
you know I think everybody goes through
anxiety when they're younger some people
have like really really severe anxiety
where they lift you can't do anything
some people have a bit more mixed I
think - a bit more like for example
growing up there'd be some times where
we've planned with mates to go out and
stuff but if I couldn't find something
to wear because I felt fighting
everything I would literally not go out
and have a tantrum and like just be on
the floor crying because I feel like I
look fat right and I'd cancel on
everybody and by canceling I don't mean
I phone up and say I'm not coming I just
ignore everybody and not turn up yes I
do and most the time I was the one
driving giving people lift so it means
everybody that was the kind of anxiety
kind of thing that I had I also had
loads of problems with talking to people
I know nobody believes it actually but
like even now I find if I have to go
somewhere where I have to talk to people
and after like see a lot of people have
to socialize about a week beforehand it
takes me about a week to psych myself up
to prepare to go and do that and I think
a lot of people go through that and it's
just something you just you just deal
with daily I didn't really
through some crazy bullying or anything
but you know teenage years are just
difficult especially wearing a scarf and
being a bit chubby and just trying to
get by in high school you know it's just
difficult high school in general so
anyway I remember I'd be at home every
single night and I'd be like eating
snacks because I'd been G as well
because I had to eat ants order which
I'm also lightly touched on in a very
very very old video of mine but I will
talk about that properly in the beach
and we binge eating but because I'd be
so like anxious I'd always be fidgety as
well I could never sit so so the thing
that I found to calm that was kind of
just like and it was always this side of
my head was just like pulling my hair
from this area literally this area right
here I just sit there and I just i'd
like take a strand I'd stroked the
strand of hair and I'd wrap it around my
finger and I'd pull it and I'd pull it
out of my scalp and I remember that
feeling of pulling it was so satisfying
I just go to the next one and I'd do it
again and I'd keep on pulling pulling
pulling pulling my hair and this went on
for months and months a month until one
day I just looked in the mirror and I
was just I think I was probably due to
go to like a good all-girls party or
something so I was like trying to figure
out what I was gonna do with my hair
right and I'm sticking my hair over this
side and then I flicked it over this
side and I remember looking and thinking
what the f is that and it was a bald
spot
I'd created a bald patch for myself from
all the hair pulling and then from then
I was like oh this is for me
sitting down every night watching
EastEnders I'm pulling my hair look what
I've done
oh my god is this even gonna grow back
for you to pull it out of its roof and
to do that repetitively in the same area
makes it very difficult for that hair to
grow back and it took me years and years
and years to get that bald spot a bit
better not even to fix it it doesn't
look like a bald spot anymore but it was
let me tell you it was a full bald patch
but over years and years like probably
like five six seven years even even I'm
still kind of like doing things to help
it now with the coconut oil so from that
day that I noticed it handily it was
kind of like a kick up the butt and I
just stopped pulling my hair but I
didn't stop fiddling with my hair
whenever I had my hair I are always just
fiddling with it always just playing my
hair like always just I always just have
to touch my hair and it really annoys me
because I'd look at my sister who's
watching TV next to me very calm
and she's not she doesn't feel the need
to touch your hair whatsoever to touch
go anywhere near her hair with her hand
whereas I was just sitting there and
like the first thing I do really annoyed
me and I still do that now I still
fiddled with my hair all the time it
pisses me off
but anyway what I was going through is
that trick a little thing and I wish I'd
known that it was a proper thing and
then I've gone and like sorted it out
beforehand but I was very young and and
I know that a lot of you guys are also
going through hair pulling now because
my inbox is full of emails literally
titled hair pulling help hair pulling
help and then after that I moved on to
actually eyelash pulling
yes I thought okay my eyelash is a lot
smaller and they grow back a lot quicker
than hair because obviously like the
eyelashes so I would just sit there and
I pull my eyelashes out all the time and
it just felt so satisfying I wish I you
know used that kind of urge to pull out
something that was more that would be
more beneficial to me now like my leg
hairs or something if you guys go to the
same thing at least you're aware of it
and I would say do what I wish I did
which is go and try and get some help
for it there's a lot of people that can
help you with an hour long organisations
and if you um hair pulled and it's
become so severe that you're literally
your head your whole hair is thinning
and it's very very obvious there are
things that you can do it's kind of like
a weave but they completely cover the
baldness for you and you look like your
full head and obviously you know
obviously the whole hair pulling thing
starts from you know I don't know but
mine I think is triggered from anxiety
things like that so a lot of us just
want to be confident right and
especially when you're not wearing your
scarf so obviously not having a bald
spot in front of your mates and stuff is
gonna boost your confidence 110 percent
and you can kind of do that as a way to
kind of cover up your bald spots while
you're rehabbing your hair until you've
managed to hopefully get it all back on
track Shola also another good thing that
you can do if you've got kind of bald
spots that are quite light from hair
pulling or just from hair loss from
we're just off in general and what you
can do is you can fill in those bald
spots with eye shadow it looks very very
natural I'm pretty sure Kim Kardashian
does that
because her hairline is literally like a
Lego piece being locked on I think she
does a bit too much to be honest with
you but you can put a bit of eyeshadow
in to just help that if it's quite light
your bald spots there's a lot of things
you can get as well like hair chalks and
stuff that can add a lot of volume to
your hair and then cover this spots you
know if you style it in certain ways
I've got a lot of emails from people who
are experiencing their hairline receding
and they're experiencing a very big
forehead let me just tell you big
foreheads are nice so good on you for
that you know when you tie your hair in
a bun and your scarf what I like to do
once it's in a tight button and secure I
pull my hair out of the bun so that that
bits loose there just be days where I
would refuse to go out just to let my
hair breathe because there was just so
sick of being tied up in a scarf all day
I think a lot of girls think that
they're also experiencing hair loss but
they're not really they're just seeing
the amount of hair falling out all in
one chunk like when you come home and
take your scarf off rather than
gradually throughout the day also
another thing that that really really
helps me this is gonna sound gross but I
actually don't even care because it
really works I don't brush my hair I do
not brush my hair
I refuse to brush it because I don't
think it's good for it to be honest with
you I don't need to brush it if I just
wash my hair by the way this is
something else that which is quite
disgusting but I really don't care I
wash my hair once every 10 days
sometimes even two weeks I there's no
need to wash it and I don't think ok am
I sound disgusting by the things
actually that disgusting because your
hair creates natural oils which are good
for your hair like you know when your
hair gets greasy that's actually good
for your hair so I like to let my hair
get greasy and let it rehab itself
basically guys most shampoos are
for your hair they are not good for your
hair they're not shampoo your hair daily
is the worst thing
so I refuse to wash my hair I just have
regular body showers but anyway this
videos getting crazy long so I kind of
want to do this video because I've got
so many emails of people going through
the same thing but I feel like nobody
talks about it because it's a bit
embarrassing for a girl especially if
you're in a high chair and everybody
kind of expects you expects that you're
gonna have gorgeous hair underneath and
that you're gonna look amazing and I
believe that every high chair be
does look a hundred times better without
her scarf on if she gets the hairstyling
correctly you know what I mean a lot of
people who are underwhelmed when they
see a hijab' without her scarf just know
that that's because she doesn't know how
to style her hair you know what I mean
she knows that stylist Gogh because she
does that day when it comes to hair it's
a bit different so I feel like if
everybody has a good haircut and a good
gets the right care color then every day
Jabby will look better than wearing a
scarf so you know if you're on one of
those hijabis who feel like you don't
actually look that great without one and
you're kind of worried about getting
married and your husband expecting
bloody Princess Jasmine when she takes
the scarf up when you take your scarf
off and then you're not really Princess
Jasmine you're more like Aladdin feel
like a lot of you guys are gonna get me
because you probably go into the same or
have gone through the same kind of thing
also so many of us hijabis because we
wear a scarf every day right we crave to
be able to do crazy things with our hair
like dye our hair crazy colors shave the
side of it do like mobile like I know so
many Debbie's who underneath there scoff
their hair is definitely not what you
would expect if you are a newlywed and
you you think your wife looks like
at home but then she wears makeup and
she puts a scarf on when she goes out so
what's the point
oh she's doing it for the people that
she's not just looking presentable for
the public which is normal it's required
of people you don't want to look like a
tramp and at home obviously you just
want to be comfortable because you chill
it you're relaxing you're at home you
know what I mean so people just kind of
understood that good I think that's
pretty much everything I felt like I
needed to say leave your advice for any
girls who might be going through that if
you've been through that but I hope this
video helps and to all the heavies who
have been wearing this car for years and
years and years I totally get it you
know you look like without it and
you need to figure out what a good head
Oh God and then there's the problem of
finding a all-female hairdresser that's
actually good you know when you want to
go blonde every hairdresser refuses to
do it because they don't want to damage
your hair so then I end up doing it and
I use like
to bleach my hair is fine and I do it so
it's very annoying that's the end of
that video I really hope you enjoyed it
and I will see you on the next one
