my scarf is blending into the wall and
this makes me look like I don't have a
head I hate when that happens
actually don't actually like it when
that actually happens that actually
makes me want to change my scores but
actually go and be bothered hi guys
today's video I'm doing a little Q&A I
always feel like I've done loads of Q&A
videos on my channel but then like when
I go on my channel and then go on videos
and have a look at what I've been doing
to know what to do next I realized that
I haven't done a Q&A in months and so
far it's been six months since my last
one I uploaded a picture on Instagram
just of myself posing in the mirror as
you do and I asked you guys to leave
your questions for my next Q&A video
let me just refreshing so far we have
thirteen hundred and sixty questions of
Zion gonna do all a damn but I'm gonna
pick out what feel like the most
interesting to answer and I'm going to
answer them all on camera I'm explaining
everything like it's a friggin science
lesson okay let's get started I'm just
gonna try and load them all obviously
okay some a yeah dot X underscore
underscore set what made you move to
London okay if some of you guys don't
know I've recently moved to London
basically we were living in Birmingham
and it wasn't actually Birmingham
Central we were like past Walsall in a
tiny little village that was basically
just full of old people and if you
wanted to get anywhere you have to go in
the car there wasn't much life there we
weren't really close to family Alex we
have two friends in Birmingham that's it
it's just kind of getting boring and you
know when you have a baby you kind of
want to be able to go out and do things
and meet people and see family easy and
just enjoy life a little bit more so we
didn't want to move to Cardiff so we
thought okay let's really work hard for
the last year that we're in Birmingham
and try and move to London in chocolate
and we have managed to do that so far so
basically Musa London because there's a
lot more going on and also a lot of my
blogging work is based in London like
going to events and stuff and also I've
signed to an agency here so things are
just easier all around in Jen
all career-wise lifeWise social wise
everything wise other than trying to
save wise cuz London is a piss-take when
it comes to spending money is so
expensive its rudder color SMA 8 male
said how did you get your first budget
to start your business while you were
too young with no job when I was
blogging in the beginning days and when
I wasn't able to make it a career or
anything like that I was working I did
have a job so I wasn't like too young to
work with anything I've been working
since the legal age that you can work
which is 16 I've always had a part-time
job or a full-time job ever since then
so I was actually working in a call
center Tesco call center whilst blogging
as a hobby somebody called me from
Scotland would know I don't have time
for Scotland right now sorry I must
silence this silence yes so I was
working in a call centre and that was
funding my blogging passion kind of
thing and I actually worked you know
full-time whilst blogging for at least
two years to be able to blog at the same
time because you know blogging can be
expensive ish depends what kind of
blogging you're doing but I was working
to fund that passion and hobby of mine
for a long time before I could make
money from it and by the way when I did
start making money from it it wasn't a
lot so it's very difficult to get
started and to make a career out of it I
think it's a lot easier nowadays and it
was when I started which is about five
probably coming on to six years ago
so when yes that's what happened to
there if you could get another pet
exotic or domestic what would it be and
why and that question was from curd tour
Cobain oh sorry if I can't pronounce any
of these crazy ass Instagram names like
come on I would love to get dog but it's
too much hassle to be honest with you
have to walk it and all that business
and plus the cats probably would like it
if I could get dog I would probably get
a Labrador or I would get a little punk
possibly or I would get another cat
actually and the other cat would be one
of those hairless ones I totally didn't
really like hairless kind of cats before
until I went to buy a buggy from
a lady I bought I bought a secondhand I
saw her on gumtree
so I went to her house to pick up the
buggy and she also bred cats and she had
all of these crazy hairless cats
everywhere they're not Siamese they're
Sphinx cats IV I don't even know she had
lows of them and I was the first time
I'd like kind of Mets that kind of cat
and they were so friendly friendlier
than Choji and chats and I really
thought you couldn't get friendlier than
Choji in Chaplin but they were insanely
friendly and such nice nice cats to be
around so that made me think if I was to
ever get another cat I'd get one of
those this is a good question
Aisha the one of many says what are the
three words you would use to respond to
all your haters okay so if this was
off-camera it'd probably be like the
first word we would begin with F the
second word would begin with O and the
third word will begin with a P or a T so
if you can guess then there you go
however on camera it would probably be
um I love you oh that's a good three
words to piss off any hater somebody
asked how do I keep my skin so clear
okay well I'm gonna be honest with you
guys my skin has times when it's really
quite terrible and when it's really
quite fantastic and basically I've
always had a little bit acts quite a lot
of acne actually going on my jaw area
and all this section you know way where
your scarf kind of kind of sits if you
see closely if you just ignore the hair
and the makeup if you can see past all
of that there is slight acne scarring
over here but when I felt pregnant oh my
god it was like a miracle for me it just
like completely cleared up and I was
like oh I really hope this continues
after pregnancy and to be honest with
you it did sometimes it flares up a
little bit now and then but never
crazily handily but I mean what I do do
is I just make sure that I cleanse my
face every night and then before bed I
just put coconut oil around my eyes and
around my like trouble zones I
supposedly round here around here a very
thin layer of coconut oil by the way and
and then I just moisturize in the
morning my last skincare routine video
which is a few months ago so that is
kind of like when I'm really consciously
making an effort to take care of my skin
but every day I kind of just cleanse and
moisturize and that's it I am thinking
about trying to make a more vigorous
skincare routine you know because I'm
getting older and the good skin kind of
isn't it lasts forever so somebody else
asked do you celebrate birthdays your
SIDS and Hannah's I suppose you're
asking me that because I don't really
upload a lot of birthday related stuff
when it is my birthday or even when it
is birthday unless I'm feeling really
soppy Hannah hasn't had a birthday yet
so I mean I don't not celebrate
birthdays like you know if it's its
birthday
we'll say happy birthday things like
that but the last bit they had and my
last birthday we didn't really do
anything special because we were in the
middle of moving so it was kind of just
too difficult to do anything so I don't
not celebrate to be honest with you I'm
so not bothered about my birthday like I
think when I hit 1718 I just kind of
like I didn't feel like Oh birthday what
am I going to do it we're not really the
kind of family to buy like crazy gifts
on birthdays really either I suppose
what means it first dated we did kind of
do the crazy gift and even for Hannah's
first birthday I don't really think I'm
gonna do anything everyone's asking me
like family and stuff what you doing
Hannah's birthday and I'm like oh I was
kind of just gonna stay in or take it to
the swings maybe um however I do have
one plan for Hannah's birthday and that
is to get her a birthday cake sit her in
front of it and let her go wild and me
take loads of pictures of it so I don't
consciously not celebrate but we're just
not that bothered about it
young Somozas said we decided you tube
channel what advice would you give to
new these my advice to newbie youtubers
is um just keep going make sure your
content is original and edgy and spicy
be confident in your videos a really
good tip actually is invest in good
lighting or half decent half decent like
mine mine isn't like epic like some
amazing youtubers out there but it's
half decent you know
and invest in a decent camera don't film
on your iPhone iPhones a bit cuz
the sound quality is rubbish don't go on
your iPhone don't film on your laptop
like I used to but times have changed
nobody really does it anymore
just keep going make sure your contents
original make sure you always loved it
make sure you're doing it for the right
reasons because there's a lot of
youtubers especially in like on like
YouTube drama channels right now that
chase the YouTube success for like the
wrong reasons you know they just want
Fame and they just want any kind of fame
and then they kind of reach a peak and
then you find that they kind of crash
and burn not so long after or they bite
themselves in the ass things like that
think of it like if you stop making
money from YouTube that's the bonus but
don't chase the money on it you know
what I mean cuz then you'll end up being
a bit of a sellout and just doing things
that oh I don't know I don't have to
explain it I mean there's nothing wrong
with filming things that are relevant
but just don't don't do something that
isn't fully you for the sake of trying
to be one of those youtubers if that
makes any sense
Omar Abdullah Rhonda Panda said which
baby carrier do you like the most so
I've got a few the ERGObaby
my tie slings - ring slings which were
gifted to me one is from Asia the
Kuwaiti bloggers family-run business
called desert baby Kuwait the other one
I have is a real silk one from Isaiah
baby sling oh I also tried one of those
wrap
slings so it's basically just like a
crazy long long piece of jersey fabric
and you can do different rat's with it I
love that with Hannah when she was a
newborn for ages I found that she was
really content in that and then the ring
slings was kind of like when she was
from 3 months when she could have a legs
out up until 6 months and then when she
was about 6 months we decided to
purchase the Ergo baby because we're
going on holiday or something and we
just wanted something that was easier to
set up and since we got the ergo baby
I mean I barely use the pram we haven't
looked back since the Egger baby Diego
baby is absolutely I think actually
underrated it is the best invention on
this planet following on from that
the mayor said do you plan on having any
more kids and if so how many to be
honest with you I'm not really planning
it Hanna wasn't really planned either I
just have this idea in my head I'm kind
of just like I'm not gonna plan anything
I'm just gonna carry on as we are and if
I fall pregnant then I fall pregnant and
that's my next baby and if that happens
the third time and fourth time
fine I think after three or four I mean
I would take some serious precautions to
ensure that I don't fall pregnant again
you know me so like I'm taking
precautions now but you know I don't
mind if they didn't work you know what I
mean I'm showing you get me knees up he
said what's your favorite snapchat
filter well currently let's have a
little look right here I don't been on
snapped it in a few hours actually the
only phone no it's not a six ages to
load when that's just because my wife I
said this is definitely my favorite
snapchat filter right now as it is for
many other people but I look right let's
look some more questions this is a
question from quite a few people
actually and would you ever come to
Pakistan well guys I might be coming a
little sooner than you think okay but
for real now I'm not coming actually
like anytime soon like in the next month
or anything cuz obviously that's a big
trip to kind of plan so she if you have
been before
definitely definitely planning on coming
soon in Charlotte oh I really actually
am dying to go more than cities even I
really am all about like adventures and
honestly I just want to travel the world
there's so many places I want to go but
Pakistan is grand what kind of mumbles
Paxton is like up there on the list so
very soon I really hope inshallah soon
the naughtiest things you've done as a
teenager I mean surprisingly guys I
wasn't that naughty hate to put it out
there but I was actually a bit of a
goody two-shoes as a teenager until I
started started getting a little bit
older you know like
18:19 kind of thing i mean i just go out
with my friends and come home at 10:00
rather than eight kind of thing go to
shisha lounges back then you know when I
was 19 20 21 22 even which is not long
ago chill out and going to shisha lounge
was kind of something you did behind
your parents back you didn't really tell
them I'm going for shisha so that was
considered I suppose naughty when I
passed my driving test I was the only
one at one time to have a license and we
had my friends sleeping over my mom was
sleeping upstairs and we were up at like
4:00 a.m. or something and we were like
yo we're bored shall we steal Mama's car
and go for a frigging Joyride and we
decided to do that and it was so funny
because we were we felt so naughty I'm
so paranoid that we were going to get
stopped by the police that I was
literally driving 20 miles an hour
playing Quran because we were that
scared wow we're so badass
somebody said tough question but how do
you make money okay so I'm basically a
blogger I blog for a living it's kind of
like what I touched on earlier and but I
do make money from YouTube I also make
money from collaborating with brands
doing projects with brands things like
that the various ways that I make money
but collectively I would put it under
the title blogging social media and
YouTube my most embarrassing moment okay
this is something that's happened in the
past two years okay not a lot of
embarrassing things happen to me because
I'm the kind of person to laugh things
off or not think something's
embarrassing when most people might
think it's embarrassing because I really
just couldn't give a eff sometimes but
this was definitely bouncing okay
basically right when I eat and this
could be hot or cold food I don't know
why but my nose starts running and it
runs like fully like I mean literally
the liquid is coming out of my nose all
the way down to my lips and it can be
quite embarrassing because I am NOT the
kind of pet I don't like getting tissue
out in public and blowing my nose or
wiping my nose I just don't like doing
that I'd rather sniff it up I'm kind of
like hide that I've had to clean up
anything I hate having to do that
like so I was having a meeting with some
business II people for some projects and
we were having lunch there's a bit of
banter haha I know we haven't that
business kind of banter that everybody
hates and really they just want to say
sharp and eat your sandwich in it but
basically we have the banter and I was
eating my food and my nose was running
and I was like man I don't have a
tissue to wipe because I would wipe you
know as a last resort but I didn't have
a tissue I didn't want to take the
napkin off the table and bring it to my
nose while someone's talking straight to
me because some people I don't know
they're a bit oblivious to the world and
things that happen
but they you know if that was somebody
in front of me and I could tell that
they really wanted to wipe their nose
I'd you know I'd look away or make it
like I didn't notice they want to do
that so they can wipe their nose
comfortably without making them more
brash in order mean like some people
just wanna make your life harder on
purpose like I can really read people
like I know when you want to wipe your
notes I look away and act like that just
looked away because I saw something in
the distance you not I mean so anyway
this particular person was not making it
easy for me so I just thought you know
what I'm just gonna play it play this
off like I don't know this that my nose
is running so I was just eating and I
just let my nose run I let it run so far
down into my lip past my lip into my
bloody mouth and I still acted like I
didn't realize so I was talking to these
people you know about what we could do
together and what we're gonna blow blah
blah was business stuff with a friggin
West bogie upper lip acting like I
didn't realize it was there I left it
there was so long that I could feel it
drying on my top lip I could feel it
drying and I was just thinking my head
please God do not let this dry and have
crusty edges cuz that will be vile so
finally when two of them decided to get
up and go to the toilet I was like a
Franken finally and I got out my mirror
tied it off and they came back and acted
like nothing happened
that's it guys I've answered loads of
questions I know I say this on every to
day video but I am gonna try and make it
more regular and try and do them maybe
once a month and it doesn't matter if I
repeat myself sometimes in videos I'm
not going to think about these things
too much I'm not going to be OCD about
it without further ado
and this video thanks for watching until
next time bye
