more contouring can disguise that look I
don't know guys check out my makeup I
just did this crazy makeup look at my
with my shadow my progress so far I need
to add like some text and like some fun
stuff and I need to scan it back in and
upload it to histogram yeah taking
Hannah to the park nothing else to write
with my dad
what yeah Yusef gone also to help sit
and tassa by the way whilst I'm in
Cardiff like Syd right now I said
birthday today guys and he's moving all
our stuff from Birmingham to London so
rubbish Beth leave him but to be fair I
had to put you off for one too so so
fair square training after a few days
ago son who are here on bloody buff
anyway haha I wasn't talking to you
talking to the camera said should be
might be coming back to Cardiff today
Charlotte and so we're gonna get to
boots and that see if we can get him
just some some kind of present
make em happy not good present maybe a
little aftershave and a card from
Bourbon so we'll see what we find
I probably won't find anything else this
is got a big walk today with Hannah and
everything but asunder anything
it was old jacket and my phages vintage
it's not very nice but no I bought it
guys I'm in Morrison's with her dad's
life because it's right next it's right
next to our house here would be like
Tesco and after uneven same as we
you don't get stares like you do in
Martin
crazy and this is all since we left EU
people think that I should go back to my
country
oh geez been missing since Monday night
and it's been two nights now and we're
actually really worried because well
because he's never done that before and
plus he's in Cardiff which isn't really
his home is more like his second home so
me and said I just came back farm
walking around and looking for him in
the pouring rain we made these flyers as
well hopefully he is back by the time
this video goes up
all the way to London guys the place
you're going to get into the plans to be
on our ship everywhere and your editing
we've made this to London in the flan
this is the current situation right here
Syd has already done up the sofa before
I came so that's good
behind us is pretty much everything the
earth that's the kitchen area it's very
small flat and nobody tell you much
about it but it's quite a small flat
obviously for London's expensive she
just had a nice big boo boo basically
that's it we live in London although
we've got a lot of organizing to do it's
going to be hectic for the next two
weeks bubbly while we sort everything
out so yeah I think I'm not gonna vlog
any more of today I think today is just
going to be resting and think where the
health of sunrise yesterday we didn't
manage to do anything which is for
Hannah to sleep and then watch Game of
Thrones and ate our shelves up here
and we don't like it they look gross in
this flat they're too big
they don't fit anywhere else and they're
yellow they don't match until we can
figure out something else
currently I'm packing all my clothes and
I don't know if everything's gonna fit
but I do still have space up there so
hopefully it will an space down there so
I go to go to a meeting so we'll have to
leave the house obviously we haven't
finished anything
Yusuf's come over to help we go in IKEA
of course when do we not ever go to Ikea
whether we move or not me is it I know
good lucky because we need to get some
bits and Nikon we're good psyche because
we need to get some bits and bobs on a
flat also just press the button okay
this is the next day so this isn't
yesterday although I'm wearing the same
thing okay
I'm just logging because today was the
day that was unpacking all of my scarves
okay so it's taking them all out and I
was rolling them up like this this is
how I'm going to be storing them just
underneath my dressing table in these
boxes you know things like that so so
far as you can see I've just got that
one box filled up and I've got a little
bit of this one filled up I like
finished unpacking them as I go up I'm
done with this cause then I was like
hold a minute but I got one box of scars
where the bloody hell are the rest of my
scarves right because normally I mean in
Birmingham I had a whole chest of
drawers which is three huge drawers full
of my scarves um and basically it turns
out that CID chucked them all out by
accident he thought it was a big bag of
things I was giving away to charity or
things I was just checking out and it's
literally about two to three hundred
schools including my big winter ones and
like neck scarves silk patterned ones
things like that so I'm kind of dealing
with that right now I'm going through a
little bit of a loss I like I haven't
even got my head fully around that just
yet that I only have that many scarves
in that box right here all of my big
winter neck ones they're all gone all of
my Dena takia ones they're all gone all
of my vintage square ones they're all
gone all of myself up there everything
got all of my HTM ribbed ones they're
all gone everything's gone I don't have
any scarf left and because CID okay I'm
not blaming CID because obviously who's
half asleep and stuff but I'm gonna go
to almost go out like Oh
guys I'm in the process of making
another Instagram picture this one's
gonna be outfit of the day okay eggs I'm
got time to do real ones right now okay
happy for me Sid and Hannah
congratulations your custom is open and
now is over what are you going to do
with you
Oh Hannah's got two bunches in vain
I'm the way again special guys dog
excite so many of you treating me like
alcohol wait can't wait see what you and
Hannah are wearing well I'm just wearing
my regular clothes Hannah's got a nice
new outfit on it's like an iced tea
shall show it to you guys in a bit this
shirt makes me look like I'm Popeye
anyway went home freshened up Hannah was
supposed having out but she didn't so
well and now we're going to eat some
dinner with my sister and my brother
since mates some of me and my sisters
mate basically because they eat and we
all know each other here so we all go
have a meal and then tomorrow morning
we're gonna go to Wales
that's Hannah's little booty do you like
your little boot there for Mothercare
yes Susanne I'm goby
okay
you
