hi guys how's it going Ramadan Mubarak
everybody today's video is related to
motherhood and breastfeeding something
that's been on my mind for a while a few
months ago when I was in Egypt which was
in April that was Hanna's first holiday
by the way I think she was about five
months yeah she's about five months then
and obviously I was breastfeeding her
and we'd go out and stuff and I would
have to breastfeed her outside in Egypt
in public you know in restaurants or
whatever it was that I was and sometimes
I wouldn't breastfeed using a nursing
cover I would just breastfeed how I was
cuz I wear a lot of scarves around my
neck so depending on my clothing whether
it was covering or not no I don't always
use a nursing cover because to be honest
with you nursing covers are so
unbelievably uncomfortable I've not come
across one that is super comfortable yet
especially when your baby's bigger
imagine if you had to eat your food with
a cover over you all the time especially
in heat that is annoying so Hannah just
always kicks it off she's always fussing
when she's got a nursing cover so I try
not to use one basically for her comfort
I base is a picture when I was in Egypt
of me feeding Hannah everything covered
obviously not gonna show anything and it
caused a little bit of a stir in the
comments and a little bit of debate
which actually really pissed me off if
I'm honest because it was mainly from
Muslim women you know kind of like
condemning me for breastfeeding and
public in the first place which I found
slightly ridiculous you know fellow
mothers as well I just wanted to make
this video to kind of like for those of
you who don't know what it's like having
a baby or what it's like to breastfeed
to enlighten you a little bit because
it's not what you think it's not like
you just put the baby on the move and
the baby's gonna have the drink is gonna
be done sometimes it isn't when it is
it's great whenever the baby wants boob
they will want boot when they don't care
where you are they don't care whether
you want to give it or not they're all
the thing about themselves because
obviously that's all they're capable of
doing that's how they survive I don't
know what it is about the whole world
it's not even what country you're in
here in the UK I feel very
comfortable breastfeeding if I'm in the
cafe Nero or something and have to
breastfeed oh my god
God always way back they're gonna look
for some reason and unfortunately in
this world if you're breastfeeding if
you're a mother you're not made to feel
comfortable and it's rubbish because
breastfeeding is what your boobs were
made for they were made for nothing else
they were made under the idea that you
may one day have a child than you will
need to feed your maybe so it's so
annoying when people look at you funny
when you're just trying to do what
you're supposed to be doing with them
and on top of it when Muslims are saying
you shouldn't be feeding public it's not
modest everything's covered why is it
not modest what I'm doing is not sexual
you think it's not modest because for
some ways you've got boobs in your head
as sexual unfortunately that's because
of society obviously it's taught us all
that boobs are for men and their sexual
desires and nothing else but sorry like
guys moving on for you they are for
babies they're for you when you're a
baby and that's about it women are made
to feel like their boobs have to look a
certain way or have to be whatever for
the pleasure of bloody men is bloody
shit why don't you just pump and fill up
a bottle and give your baby the bottle
that's not how it works for some babies
if that works amazing good on you I'm so
happy for you but for other people like
me and my baby Hannah doesn't take a
bottle and trust me me and Sid have
tried and tried because as much as the
breastfeeding is great for bonding and
all that stuff I honestly would rather
not be breastfeeding because it's not
easy it's not convenient it's difficult
it's painful sometimes you just want
your boobs to yourself you don't want
anyone touching you but you don't have
that choice when you're a mother and
you're breastfeeding if Hannah would
take a bottle when we're out or if she
would take a bottle every now and then
trust me I would do that why would I
want to make my life more difficult you
know what I mean but she doesn't she
doesn't take a bottle and I'm pretty
sure there are plenty of other babies
that refuse to take a bottle babies are
quite smart you know that it's not just
like oh give them a bottle that thinkers
booth no they don't think as food they
know the difference between momma's boob
and a bottle from that they know the
difference if your baby doesn't know the
difference or is happy to have a bottle
every now and then you're lucky you
trust them and in my head I always
thought oh I'm only gonna breastfeed up
until six months I've given up
the idea I can't get Hannah off boob
she's on the boob whatever the hell she
wants it on top of solids and you know
what's crazy last year I only fasted a
few days because I was pregnant and then
the other days obviously I didn't fast
and so this year I thought I could
probably fast because she's now on solid
when she was about six months she
started having solids three times a day
three good solid meals and I was so
chuffed and then when she hit seven
months which is about two weeks ago
started introducing snacks in between
the solids and she was lapping up she
was loving it I'm not kidding you
literally a few days before Ramadan she
suddenly decided she does not want to
eat solids which I fit her up for a
breakfast routine clamp her mouth shut
does not want to eat literally and now
she's almost only on boob again after
being on solid three times a day
I don't know babies are unpredictable
this is just what happens she's going
through some developmental stage
whatever but this is babies in general
so I don't have my flesh and nipple out
in your face do I
I'm covered and you could just see the
back of my baby's head loads of comments
well people saying I'll just leave the
baby to cry oh and give a bottle when
she goes home ah I can't stand it when I
hear Hannah crying like why am I going
to sit there enjoying my coffee and the
girl is thirsty and because I don't want
to get my moves out in public I'm gonna
not feed her like obviously not when you
all one day become mothers and shut
learn you breastfeed you will understand
back to the point of oh just let the
baby cry no you can't let them cut you
can barely like it hurts your heart to
let your child just cry when you can
easily solve it you can make them happy
is this up you can't just do that so
many even before I had a baby I always
thought oh yeah whatever there's babies
just crying whatever I didn't have to
think of babies up like with feelings
but when you have a baby it's totally
different like you if she's crying like
you really feel like oh my god what can
I do what's wrong with that like you
don't want them to be upset in any way
like you really it really stresses you
it really tightens your chest you know
people saying I'll just go feed in the
car well okay first of all why should I
do that I shouldn't have to do that no
woman should have to just go hide out
people saying go feed in the toilets you
go eat your dinner in the toilet see how
you like it no thanks and I'm not going
to go okay forget the baby now I'm not
gonna go and sit in the toilet dirty
toilet and have to put my clean lovely
baby in
hygienic place with my boob and feeder
like I'm ashamed or like it's a shameful
thing that I'm doing why should I do
that like what this is what people go to
piss and in Egypt it's not easy to go
park the car go sit somewhere with your
family and stuff and then have to get up
ten minutes later to go feed in the car
like you have to walk in the heat with
your it's not a nice thing to do why
should I even have to turn around and
face a wall in a coffee shop why should
I have to unless it's a nice seating
that they've got set up already in
ornament and especially for mothers who
have newborns it's not just like oh yeah
I'll just go feed in the car because you
go feed in the car and then by the time
you've walked back to wherever you it
was you're sitting with your family
whatever the baby probably needs feeding
again somebody needs to make a cafe or
like a hangout area with a cafe and a
library and like for breastfeeding mums
and make them feel comfortable I don't
understand why it's such a big deal
basically almost all my life I've lived
in England and I've worn the job since I
was 11 and I've never ever ever felt
like it's ever like anyone's ever judged
me wearing it that like I've ever had
anyone treat me differently
for wearing the scarf throughout school
just a bit of bullying here and there
but never felt like it's affected me in
any way I've never felt like people in
the UK have ever looked at me funny I've
never it's never been an issue for me
until recently I don't know it's because
I'm older and I'm starting to notice
things but until recently
now I'm noticing funny looks for wearing
the scarf and especially with the baby
and especially when it's me and Sid and
Sid's got Hannah in the baby carrier we
get funny looks and I think it's because
people are like oh wow she's not walking
behind him and she's not the one with
the baby it's a little bit different to
what they don't like
I feel like now more than ever I'm
getting funny looks for wearing a scarf
and I don't stand white because 10 years
ago I didn't you know I mean we're
supposed to be progressing for anyway
the breastfeeding thing just really
really pisses me off because it's hard
enough being a mother it's hard enough
being a Muslim mum it's hard enough
being a Muslim mum wearing a scarf and
on top of that it's hard enough trying
to do Ramadan with it with a baby with a
scarf on in the UK it's just hard enough
as it is for why the hell like on
Instagram of all places you know where
you connect with people from around the
world you should be supporting this and
all those women from Arab country
whatever they're saying we don't do this
in Arab countries that's why you're
getting funny looks you shouldn't be
doing this in front of men why I'm not
showing my boobs I'm feeding my child
like sorry men aren't stupid they know
that babies get fed with boob at some
point you just just look away why do
they feel like they need to stay in
Egypt they just wouldn't stop staring
I'm completely covered so they're not
seeing anything but they just making me
feel uncomfortable why are you staring
and a lot of people are saying that's
why you're not supposed to leave the
house when until the baby is on solids
or whatever are you crazy when I was
having the baby blues I was too scared
to go out the house with my baby because
I was too scared about not knowing what
to do with her in public so on top of
that you got to worry about what people
think when you're out with your baby and
this was one of my worries what if I
have to feed her in public
oh I don't want to have to do that and I
want to come to think of it now I don't
want to have to do that why because of
what people think okay it's a little bit
uncomfortable for me because I can't
wear what I want after we're button-down
shirts and all this stuff and it's
annoying but the brunt of it is because
of what people think and that is it
absolutely pissed aghh because with
nurturing the next generation here this
is why so many mums turn to bottle if
there's nothing wrong with bottle
feeding or formula feeding some women
choose it over breast even if they can
breastfeed there's nothing wrong with
that but some women choose it because
it's easier or because they they don't
want to have to you know breastfeed in
public and all that stuff and I totally
get that but what's annoying about that
is formula is being advertised or being
seen as if it's just as good as breast
milk but that's impossible because
breast milk is like designed every
mother has different breast milk for
their baby it's designed for your baby
specifically so I don't see how formula
is ever going to be better for your baby
than breast milk they don't need
anything else for like a year plus even
if they're just having a good flow of
breast milk they really don't actually
need they can literally live off it a
lot of people agreeing that
breastfeeding is natural etc but that
just because it's natural doesn't mean
it should be done in public and then
comparing it to changing your baby's
diaper in public or changing your own
whatever input all going
a toilet doing something you know like
that that's natural in public comparing
it to that for your baby eating to
having a shit in public basically where
is the logic and a lot of people saying
oh you have a picture of your daughter
but you'll put up a picture of you
breastfeeding like I said my boob isn't
up there publicly it's not like I'm
showing you my nipple and then refusing
you to show you what Hanna looks like
and sorry there's a whole thing about me
not showing Hannah's face get over it
like spot your kids you can't be sitting
there telling me all if you want to
carry on blogging stuff you've got to
show you baby
no what the hell get lot I'm thinking
about the future yeah fine if I keep
vlogging and showing Hannah's face like
you know somebody finds out what school
she's in it's all about safety in her
future this is not as not to do with me
my life would be so much easier if I
could show Hannah on the Internet trust
me if I made a decision to show her
online my life would be easier not
having to hide her all the time and all
this stuff but me I said made that
conscious decision for a reason or we're
gonna stick to it for as long as we can
and shot a lot so people just need to
like it over that anyway back on the
breastfeeding thing I really think if
you've never had to had a child though
you've never breastfed you really need
to be open about it and don't look at a
woman who's breastfeed and give a funny
looks don't think in what she doing it
she's feeling baby like you'll probably
Fed that way at some point in your life
you were latched on to your mother's
boob as well it's a natural thing and
more babies needs to be breastfed and
more babies would be breastfed if women
were encouraged to do it and if women
were supported no way in the world are
women supported properly to breastfeed
there's no proper support for it
absolutely rubbish when it comes to
Ramadan and breastfeeding and trying to
fast as well I posted up a picture
recently also just being open with you
guys like I like to do you know saying
oh how's it going for fellow
breastfeeding mums I've only managed to
keep three fast so far how many of you
managed things like that and even under
that there's judgmental comments from
Muslim women saying oh my name is six
months and I all my babies three months
he or she's exclusively breastfed and
I'm doing just fine there's no reason
why you shouldn't be blah blah blah Oh
Oh your baby's all grown now she's on
solids she's on solids during the day so
you should be able to fast you don't
know what Hannah's routine is you don't
what it's like or you don't know what
it's like for me another breastfeeding
month
it's just crazy this coming from other
breastfeeding moms some women the
majority of women are like me they find
it super super difficult but for some
women I don't know masha'allah good on
you girl you find it so easy but doesn't
mean just because you find it easy other
women do but some women fasting during
the day will decrease their supply of
breast milk you make breast milk by the
baby sucking on your boobs more
basically it's like the more you pump
them all the more milk you get yeah
thirst you get from breastfeeding and
it's like I said okay you can try and
drink however many glasses of water
during the whole time and stuff but half
the time I can't even get up asshole
because I'm totally knocked out with
Hannah
it's not easy guys it's not like what
you think honestly well I can just about
get through the prayers there are five
prayers a day like I could just just
about get through that let alone
anything else and then you got Muslim
women jumping on you should be doing
this shut up and another thing there are
a lot of reasons why some people don't
fast you know medical conditions some
things that you don't see I just read
something recently actually about
Muslims who have eating disorders and
how they should avoid fasting because it
can trigger the eating disorders again
so it's not just to do with a physical
illness it cat it can be a psychological
disorder you don't know how they worship
Inc how they're making most wrong done
it other ways whether it be praying more
making grant more reading Quran whether
it be not any of that maybe it's just
like getting through the day in general
everybody has their own g'head which
means struggle by the way and
everybody's ahead is a different level
to other people so for some people
they're extra worship is going through
that struggle or just getting through
the day and attending to their baby
let's say you get rewarded for that I
can rewarded for feeding my baby other
people get rewarded for whatever is that
they have to do and it's more struggle
for them you know what I mean you can't
expect on Muslims to like us if we don't
like each other I don't know why it is
where's the Muslim community that is
unbelievably judgmental it's just such a
put off for even Muslims like me I'm so
put off by Muslim stuff rosiness is
terrible
honestly just quit be nicer about things
especially things
the religion I'm really going on too
much now but it's really annoyed me
hopefully some of you guys know a bit
more about breastfeeding what understand
it a little bit but until you do it you
will never know how difficult it is
already without people dumping on your
back and telling you that you shouldn't
be doing it in public
get lost me until my next rant I'll see
you later
