the dishes I can do every damn morning
it's Monday and it's the start of week
two of Ramadan we Abbi I don't got some
kind of weird irritation under my eye
here look it's not like that oneness I
don't know what it is just have some
unfortunate news to share with you guys
mr. mouse actually passed away last
night and we found him this morning in
the Box dead she's gonna have to bury
him or something but hopefully he's
didn't die in pain awesome attempting
how was breakfast a bit of apricot and
banana that she's made a complete mess
of of course by the way this is the
ingenuity a baby chair and it comes with
like a little table that goes underneath
for storage I basically bought this
because I really didn't want a highchair
bulking up the kitchen when I travel a
lot and I would need to take it with me
so this is so easy just goes in the boot
of Karnas super easy we've even taken it
into restaurants with us ETTs mmm yummy
mmmm
so tasty boo-boo she's chewing on in one
of these and I'm gonna try and make
something Foofa what should I make guys
I mean I suppose I could try and make
try make a house so try and make a house
okay I'm across this is the base okay
yay
panic house oh my god this mess guys so
mad right yesterday was just so crazy
basically what happened was I was
toasting some bread and then I flip it
set the toaster on fire I need to go
pick up a package arrived a few days ago
actually and it's my office get your
package said for macdaddy
and it's gonna help my Kaplan and I
can't wait to see it and I'll show you
guys 0 to 100 real quick yeah like this
like that like this like that like this
Oh anyway you like me tracksuit it's a
boy you show or show anyway guys when we
move in Charlotte where the hell am I
gonna put this massive mirror
hello yeah it's a good idea for if
you're feeling a kid you bake him up
with a warble baited you up oh she
didn't like that yeah I don't I don't
agree with this forced feeding thing but
to be honest with you she's not yeah see
she does not EMS annoying I needed to
eat because now her poos are starting to
be like breast fed poos runny again when
she was having good solid ones yeah I'm
sure you don't agree with your baby
starving either so she's got breast milk
pillows GST oh she's gonna be one of
those four or five year-olds ago 50
gotta get you off the boobs book guys
also I've got to show you
look what Tom Ford sent in the post-its
The Orchid Celine Celine this mom line
yes is very strong equipment whether
looking for work I'm starting to
actually accumulate quite a good
fragrance collection which is quite
exciting look how dark is gone
we're on our way home we're blatant
you're gonna get poured down on cook it
ice-cream sandwich
hey while I wait for this to melt but in
my hot capture box by the way it's
personalized it says on front dear Heidi
I have a bunch of glow powders this blue
shiny stock is the mermaid fantasy one
that I accidentally spilled a little bit
on when I was trying it out earlier
can't wait to try these turds on the
flipping PS Xbox again have a
little look at what he's wearing ones
for you and your Birkenstock yes sir
oh you heard my finger my phone up my
finger oh not again
oh please please please please please
okay okay I'll stop I'll stop I'll stop
just do it a turning off so I can watch
amazing tells okay okay turn off turn
off and wait oh so just please enough
okay okay okay where's your stats show
me as fast can you stop show me is that
you show me it's that's it what are you
doing it's not funny
what are you doing sit
Wow hey guys
shall I do a whole videos watching my
artist Couture glow powders or I was
thinking what would be what would be
more fun is to do the full face of
makeup using only highlighter products
and the majority of it obviously would
be these globe powders from our texture
so let me know if you want to see that
because honestly I've just been watching
a bunch of challenges like that on
YouTube and they just look like the
funnest funning guys we're on the
way to learn ban against its putting in
petrol you can't see him but don't worry
I was just leaving booboo a book because
she's getting whiny already and we just
set off dr. bones has a long list of
patients to see today
Gracie Rosie freeze please the waiting
room was full and she can hear lots of
coughs and sneezes three o'clock in the
afternoon and Hannah it it look all the
scarves I've just used to film already
are for you guys I basically just did a
massive 101 fifty thousand billion
tutorial kind of video anyway let me
talk to you guys about today's makeup
well at least looking a bit in real
life let me just talk to you guys about
today's lashes okay look at them
remember though I mean look at that oh
yeah these are her damn Beauty lashes
and it's the first time for me to ever
try them in my entire life I was always
like what's the hype but I totally get
the hype after tying them look oh
they're so nice they're gonna look so
much nicer with a different makeup look
as well like a more natural one because
the lashes are just
Wow look at them these are the ones in
Giselle Franklin love them dude also I
have no idea what's going on with me you
know how the other day I'd bloody bit
the toaster today I put four eggs in to
boil and I don't know what happened I
completely forgot about them they ended
up boiling for like an hour until Sid
woke up and smelled whatever the hell
smell they were making almost bloody but
the house out again
hi guys morning ok basically it's Sunday
so unfortunately for the last two days
they actually didn't vlog I don't know
why but I basically completely forgot I
didn't really do anything that
interesting I mean I went to the
supermarket did some things like that so
you could have seen some nice
supermarket shorts but apart from that
nothing really interesting so come on
boy I have to say she yes that's what I
have to say we are moving to London
inshallah is not confirmed yet but it
looks like could be happening in
Charlotte so xyx the linking I'm wearing
the cheapest makeup on the planet it's
the natural collection from boots
literally everything they have is like
two pounds and so I bought a bunch of
stuff from there because I thought I'll
do a one brand makeup tutorial for you
guys next week because I thought would
be helpful for you know maybe young
girls who maybe don't have a job still
in school but you want to put makeup on
you want to put on quite nicely like a
full face and stuff so obviously you
don't have much money because you don't
work except just look at that so
basically one brand makeup tutorial on a
budget I'm thinking of doing that let me
know if you do want to see that I
haven't really done a full face with the
makeover boy I just did a little bit but
when I do from the video and do a full
face hopefully we'll see how it goes -
the lashes because they don't have
lashes in that range so we'll see how
the girl okay we've been saying it
trying to film to sit in Dina but Hannah
just is not happening having it today so
we've given up we've only managed to
film one and now we're just giving up so
yeah we actually carry on with questions
tomorrow see how she feels then yep I'm
wearing my pajamas
you
