hi guys hey I'm in the porn and I'm
vlogging so I fans class online it's
called bogey fit and basically a bunch
of moms get together with the buggies
and the babies and they do a workout
class so this is gonna be my first go
and I hope it goes really well I'm
excited but I'm also nervous don't know
why I'm nervous because like I don't get
out much I'm such a loser
this will be the push for me to get out
and start doing things be like more free
and like active so let's go guys the
rest of the groups go for proper run and
leaving the buggies with the instructor
but I am ready for that just yet I'm
just walking me and Hanna up to the bin
and around the bend and I will come back
and here comes the runners behind me
this will fit these ladies I would be
like this if I joined meridia arrest I'm
just walking yeah that's good I've
already met few people
customer
I even do
good
let's go
oh and it happens a lot biscuit when I'm
doing this
unlike the last one in the life they're
all way ahead of me I'm literally the
lockers
me and Hannah just finished buggy bit
yeah and she loved it and I was just
tired even though she'd just sitting in
a biscuit the whole time picnic time
happy wife happy life
that's a nice dress you're wearing
well deserved up up fruit basket going
bananas
tangerines apples lovelies that Hannah
already demolished she went completely
crazy when I put them about in front and
then we have some homeless over here
with some crackers some salmon and
carrots for the homeless man we got some
sandwiches and olives and cheese and
then obviously water to drink
Hannah's already going wild and I've got
some light free Greek style yogurt in
raspberry flavor and peach a passion of
flavor from the nun I really enjoyed
that buggy fit class it's not like me to
do that at all like I don't really go to
like fitness classes or classes in
general and like meet new people I met
loads of really nice women and they were
really friendly although I was really
like intimidated offence I don't know
why hopefully I'll be coming back but
like I was saying before is so easy it's
like when you're a new mom to get stuck
into a routine you know how difficult is
to just do the easy option and just stay
home because it's so daunting thinking
about getting everything ready and going
out being something new trying to get
outdoors
active a little bit healthier for the
sake of Hannah as well because like if
her mom's just like eating takeaways
everyday then she's gonna end up taking
his over day if she doesn't see him on
like getting out and about and doing
sports or just getting out and about for
a walk just going out then she's not
gonna watch she's gonna be house Hobbit
- it's really important if you're a new
mum not to fall into the trap of being
at home all day with the baby you need
to get out for the sake of your sanity
and he needs to try and adopt a light
and free attitude and the lifestyle
change try at least like today I've
tried you know what's really motivated
me the most the fact that Hannah really
flip and enjoyed it and she was really
laughing a head off when I was doing the
squats and like peeking over her at the
same time basically Hannah's had a
really fun day today and half the day's
going because she wakes up seven and by
the way obviously cuz I tried to be
active I'm not gonna go have a picnic
but there's a junk food right so you've
got nice light foods to eat and I'm just
having a yoghurt now with my great big
spoon at the end of my video I hope you
guys enjoyed coming along with me and
Hannah today hopefully you guys would
also be inspired to get a little bit
more active a little bit more healthy
you know have the right kind of attitude
and all that kind of thing I'm just
going to sit here now and enjoy this
picnic so till next time
