there's absolutely nothing in my fridge
huh that's because I'm in my freezer hi
guys good morning to you and everything
like that anyway for today's video I
thought I would take you guys with me on
a food blog for everything at eat in
today basically a day in the life of
Dina's food or Dina's diet kind of ting
my last video I talked to you guys a
little bit about me trying to keep fit
and trying to get fit and trying to like
stay eating healthy and things like that
so I thought I would vlog you know a
typical healthy day of mine so you know
hopefully I'm not gonna mess up today
and stop binging or have loads of junk
food or anything and hopefully it will
just be a good balanced healthy diet day
for me and so I thought I'd take you on
a vlog of this day so you guys can see
everything I eat honestly it's nothing
special at all it's mainly just like
quick whatever I can get my hands on
whatever I must eat things like I can't
not have in the day things like that and
also quick preparation because Hanna
obviously as well unless obviously SIDS
gonna cook which is always but really
when I'm trying to be healthy is not
that much cooking involved believe it or
not I mean like not like crazy cooking
is more like boiling eggs or yeah so now
me in the kitchen and everyone gonna
come down and I'm absolutely dying off
this every morning and probably cuz I'm
breastfeeding and so I'll have a big
glass water pretty much and I will down
that like I've never seen water in my
life before and then what I have to do
without fail every morning is I have to
do actually don't mind a washing over
there I have to get my favorite mug
which is a mug but I got from Egypt
sorry I'm lying them zina it's from
Morocco I have to have me one of them
instant cuff is because I'm addicted to
that I love coffee I flippin love coffee
but really Dina you don't know anything
about coffee if you like packet coffee
but I don't care
I have to have it in the morning that's
like my thing that I can't give up when
I'm trying to be healthy and all right
chuckling so this morning our fancy bib
Nescafe caramel no honey it's not a
gaudy bit look how gorgeous and creamy
itches down this last me about 20
minutes I'm a very very slow coffee
drinker or just hot drink drink in
general and I will really flip and enjoy
it and then I probably need anything now
for like another two three hours and
then that will be my breakfast when I do
eat so I'll be back there in the
meantime have an Oreo it is now 11 a.m.
so it's been about three hours since all
the time that I come now says yeah it's
been about three hours has aired my
coffee so now I'm gonna have breakfast
then what I go to Wow
is at probably about four eggs cuz I
need to fill up on this meal even though
you should only have like one egg a day
right or something but I'm gonna have
four cuz whatever I attend of tuna the
whole avocado and tomato and onion and
maybe some fool which one which is fava
beans in English food is butter it's
like a bean in it so I'm gonna get
making that and I'm eating and I'm sure
you and ask what's going up right now
while I boil all the eggs and stuff I'm
also gonna have a banana I love banana
obviously this food diary is just like
everything I eat if I was to stay in the
whole day obviously when I go out
sometimes that might bury obviously this
isn't strictly everyday by the way so a
lot of the time when I go out I'd grab a
coffee from Coster a nice little lot a
skinny one or most of time when I eat
out actually it's on a fat day so it's
not into the coffee that we'll have out
and out and about and I know all the
calories in the world of every food and
that's because you know how like food
controls my life unfortunately or it did
for a while
and slowly it isn't thankfully so today
I'm not going out I'm just - no all day
what the heck is up yeah what the heck
is that I just picked out two onions to
chop up and sit just walked in use like
what the heck is that and I was like
that looks like alien booboo duck
guys I can't chop for basically
since trying to take over the chopping
of the onion upper Rosetta
what does this welcome to my wife the
car cook do you know if you want to cook
eggs don't ever do what Deena's just
done basically put the water halfway
what you wanna do oh they don't want to
do it tater solved okay eggs dissolved
yeah um you want to put the hot water so
elisa an inch above the eggs okay just
in case the water does evaporate got the
food on the go just heating up guys
there it is guys this is my meal it's a
big category meal but I get a lot for it
I'm just gonna keep me full now until
dinnertime and for dinner then I'll have
something quite like so this is when I'm
gone much on right now
and just to finish up my lunch I like to
have a cup of milky tea guys it's about
I don't know like two o'clock is it like
two o'clock so I think I ate like 11
o'clock now basically I'm really craving
something sweet to get rid of that onion
taste and mighty didn't fulfill that so
the other day I went to take him back so
I bought four packets of macaroons
cappuccino flavor pistachio flavor and
orange flavor these three will just be
my treats for the day that's it
so I'm gonna have these right now
property you died
hmm much meet you today hmm wah wah -
mmm I never regret having the macaroons
but not really because they're so good
and really to get rid of my craving if I
was really good today I would have just
had dates so I just discovered these at
the back of the cupboard so anyway it's
dinnertime Sid is the main cook in the
house so since cooking for us today what
are you making Sid butterfly
I forgot to tell you I also had a Red
Bull about two hours ago you know I'm
going to Egypt inshallah next week so I
was thinking I should so do an Egypt
food diary not necessarily like ye in a
day there but like the whole trip
because that would be amazing because
obviously everything's hello Lola I'm
gonna go Isles why do you think I'm
trying to lose weight so I can put all
on an Egypt ah and here's my plate guys
I think it's about 7:00 7:30 Hannah's
been asleep since quarter past six and
basically now I'm craving what's behind
me right there is really killing me off
right now but I'm not gonna have any
what I'm going to do is finish my food
day with a massive bowl of cereal don't
laugh or be disgusted right but when I
have cereal I love cereal all kinds of
cereal and I can never decide what big
bowl of what I want so I just mixed
loads so here's a Weetabix here's just
some oats thingies there's some bran
flakes underneath and then there's some
of this Jordans crunchy oak gorillas
tropical fruits one so I just like to
mix it all up and I put milk in totally
gross really most of you guys will be
like that is flipping a while but it
really thoughts me out so I'm gonna just
go do me okay
don't be jealous oh what a wild night in
