hi guys and welcome to Dena's makeup
show today what we're going to be doing
is standing on our tiptoes so that you
can see us better no I'm just joking
today what we're going to be doing is
looking at brand new products from the
balm cosmetics basically I'm just gonna
open up a bunch of new products that I
got from them on camera for you guys I'm
not gonna lie and say that I haven't
opened some things already and that I
don't have any of the balm cosmetics on
my face because I do in fact have the
balm cosmetics on my face what I'm
wearing from the balm is the lips
contour the blush the highlights the
mascara the eyeshadow and I think that's
it
okay so laid out in front of me I have
very neatly placed all the things I got
so I'm going to do is start off with eye
shadow palettes because that is the most
exciting for me the first one is this
one thing namely bang bang bang bang
bang bang man it's called nude dude
volley you get a nude eyeshadow palette
and here's the back it tells you
everything all the colors that are in it
if you don't want to open it but who
doesn't want to open it
sorry you can really see my room
lighting camera you know because it's
getting dark outside and whatever guys I
finally standing up in this video I
don't know why because I thought maybe I
would look slimmer but it's not nothing
to be working so whatever this manner
this is the first time I'm opening it oh
so it's has a lovely big mirror and it
says get quick look and then it says
probably the same thing but in another
language it says earn earn repeat coop
this seal is not French I don't even
know is the little brush which is
obviously not gonna be used because
nobody uses those but is the lovely
palette I cannot wait to use it
so now I'm actually opening everything
about it you guys it means I can
actually use these products probably
which means I can hopefully feel some
looks using them - lovely lovely
I just wanna a dead okay the next I
shadow palettes that I got is the meet
matte nude palette and I actually used
one color from here the other day
sorry about that it's a nude matte
eyeshadow palette and if I open it up
just just over here done nice big mirror
again I love that about these eyeshadow
palettes from the balm like the mirror
is a proper mirror like most you know
foundations or I have noticed that you
get the mirror is never like you know
this is like I could rip this off and
actually use as a merit but I'm not
gonna do that slightly used
I use the matte Garcia the matte Rosen
and the matte Abdul Abdul Abdul because
obviously me and hit me and AB doll are
probably from the same country I love
about this palette is look how big the
eyeshadows are - lovely that's not
running out anytime soon is it so
there's a matte Abdul and there's a
matte sing as well that's funny trying
to trying to include us ethnic
minorities let's go on to lips okay let
me just talk about the color that I'm
wearing on my lips right now
okay this lipstick that wearing is the
bomb guild lipstick and this one's
called Amanda kiss my lips we all love a
liquid lipstick that dries matte but
they really dry your lips out and
sometimes it's nice to just have
something that's a bit more moisturizing
which in turn looks a lot more natural
even though it's not a natural color at
all but you know it's just nice
sometimes to go back to that okay so
this is what the lipstick looks like and
this is the color but I can't be have on
my lips and in that stage let's think I
have the I'm a good kisser color and
that is a love really spring color cha
as the color on my hands for you there
listen guys I'm sorry that I keep
singing every sentence but since being a
mum like that's what I do I just think
everything so sorry Bella anyway and the
last color I have in this lipstick is
called Mae bills be paid just a very
light kind of nude color if I put up
against my let's go
I do deserve all this makeup seeing a
sale ruined a whole bunch of mine don't
I I do okay now let's go on to the long
lasting liquid lipsticks that they sent
me now I've got four colors of these
here all the colors look how fantastic
but oh so this color on the end is why I
was wearing in my previous video and
it's called committed I'm gonna swatch
the other colors for you because I get
to try them
adoring by the balm that color now let's
watch charming oh my chick psych loyal
and this is like a really nice deep red
I love it I love it yes I will leave all
the makeup details in the description
below if your check out yourself okay
now let's go onto highlighters the balm
cosmetics are famous for their
highlighters especially the mary-lou
manizer which is like the most use
highlighter on this planet most likely I
don't know I'm completely guessing that
however I'm not wearing it today however
I do actually own another one I'll put a
little bit on on my cheeks for you guys
so you can see the instant highlight I
can't be a telex you're not gonna
remember I love it
you see that there
fantastic before I did that I should
have really mentioned that the
highlighter I am wearing is the cindy
lou manizer which looks like this
there she is basically it's she's
slightly pinkier than be married you
eyes that so I have that one birthday
now as well as the moon eyes a bit of a
fantastic shall we go on to eyeshadow
six and then if you can read that
probably not but I'll read them for you
anyway so we have shut out pinch-hitter
dugout Slugger and another pinch-hitter
let me just open these up I'm yet to try
these at all so this is pinch-hitter
okay let's watch this on my arm
Oh lovely it's quite shimmery can you
see I'm not sure if you can it's mine
shimmery I get to try any of these
remember so hopefully I can create some
looks or maybe I could just use them in
might get ready with me things like that
cuz I like it when you get any with me
oh look at this color is called slugger
very dark and fantastic look at that
they feel very sore oh that's gonna make
the best smokey eye ever how intense
however if you know it's my eye color is
so dark guys I have a very very dark eye
color it's almost black that's why I
never go for like a crazy crazy Moki eye
unless I get like green contacts or
something then maybe I feel like a
purple off okay next we have dugout
lovely jelly again normally I don't use
really shimmery eyeshadows as well but I
thought these could be really nice
because they're very creamy consistency
to do nice smoky eyes and like blend out
really well if we have shut out and this
is a lot lighter it's gone oh this is
gold let's have like a gold Wow that is
beauty beauty that wow that is a beauty
beautiful that one is a beauty when oh
my god I like this one and lastly guys
pinch-hitter again which is in number
511 it's kind of a pebbly shimmer let's
watch this right at the bottom well
would you look at that huh
that's that bottom one right there
fantastic Oh somebody's at the door my
husband I must go nope just bit out of
breath from running up the stairs anyway
next let's go on to bronzes and blushes
okay what I use on my face today for my
contour is the Bahama Mama bronzer i
flippin love it again great mirror
slightly used but doesn't matter I love
it it's the perfect contour color this
is what the front looks like by the way
can we just all appreciate how amazing
the packaging for the balm cosmetics is
it's so funky and fun basically I love
that I love how fun is anyway and then
for my blush I actually use hot mama
there's the color actually use this just
on the these parts of my cheek oh he's
round Apple areas but then I also use a
little bit just in the crease of my eye
I'm gonna zoom in and show you I don't
know if you can see because the light is
so bright this close but I have a little
bit on the creases of my eye right here
just sort just along the top of that
it's very subtle and I love it we have
the cabana boy which is a shadow blush
and packaging and their big color I love
it I think I uses the other day we have
instinct long-wearing staining powder
blush it's gonna be great for spring
with a good little turn there but don't
overdo it because then you will look
like a little
Lumpa the packaging for it is like a
little magazine cover I could just eat
this one too or read it instead stop
imitating me sit and okay and then
lastly bomb no have you seen it wrong we
are about L we have one loom deserts and
there's the packaging again because that
is so important I love the artwork again
smashing it with the great mirrors bomb
okay guys last but certainly not least
we have to must cars must gunner as
little Egyptian jerk like Egyptians they
or our Arab people they say must color
like they say it quickly like must cover
how the dads are say and that basically
means like not sure how to transmit but
actually in English kind of like wow
great AK I don't know how to translate
that so if you I dip Shin and you could
translate that for me below grip the bar
what's your type black mascara
volumizing formula and then we have
watch your type black mascara tall dark
and handsome on my eyes today I used
this tall dark and handsome one Bobby
when I wear mascara I always get like
black dots on my eyelids but with this
one which I'll show you the ones for it
now it's basically the neatest mascara
I've actually ever used I think it's
because the thistles of the brush are so
far away from the actual main body of
the brush so when I was you know combing
it really just catches on to your
eyelashes and admit look there's no
clumping on my mascara so I used this to
refine my lashes and then I use the body
builder mascara to build it I see the
body builder I show you the body builder
can I see the body and this really did
build my lashes I could have gone over
and over and really gone for crazy
lashes but honestly I didn't have time
sir honestly now last but not least not
like this
best of them all and this is the Schwing
black liquid liner sure okay
I will just open it out for you just so
you can see this is the slimmest liner
pen it's won't up ever seen what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna draw something on
my hand for you just to show you the
precision let me get my Haram our mouths
focus on this arm sit ok you ready guys
what I'm gonna do is I'm going to draw a
knife a knife just to show you position
of the knife you know I'm saying why
didn't you draw Gillette razors then no
no no Sid don't get involved in makeup I
said no my place look at my knife that
looks like a triangle a rectangle ha the
precision is on oh my god are you
talking about triangles again he's
talking about triangles he took about
triangles again in my life
Illuminati confirmed Amon anyway that's
everything I got guys from the bomb you
I'll leave all the links in the
description for all the mecha products
if you want to check them out properly
online for yourselves then go ahead and
do that fantastic and also I will be
doing model looks and now I can freely
use this makeup so great for me thanks
for watching until next time
what are you doing
