what we're doing today I think we should
have ginger some ginger scar mornings in
Butte
cheers dude
guys we woken up if you don't fix this I
mean dude
Andy's Mexican stuff let's go see the
whole work yes anyway so we just here
for the weekend and success I mean
viewed so it's gonna be fun has all the
one about more importantly it's a mr.
Steiner dude so I thought I'd blog for
you anyway we're gonna go and do what we
normally do dude
which is the other walks Chinese beer
wait and then have a he was such a
closer look there look at Hannah's cloud
outfit for Monty Dizzy's you'll to
dribble them over by the lovely cloud
outfit baby how is this hot on you
little fatty if there's a pudding time
we're not boutique at sea call outside
today well I'm not the kind of machine
you think if I have what so domestically
an on camera come on play up come on
chat with me there's the nice I don't
you look lovely okay but what's wrong to
learn should be busy stressful why are
you her nosy wait where's your
gloves like these yeah why are you
fussing hand check out the wedgies yep
Cena's out of the day include my wellies
guys we fun to go outside the sister
still trying to get on the Epping house
with a baby anyway SIDS also vlogging
for our channel with the GoPro today
check them what Liz that extend one lose
the heart decided cuz I'm so stressed
out oh my god I didn't even tell you
last night we could all become about
can I have another berry okay last line
Hannah was up soon oh by the way new
digital kiosk off coming to Hannah was a
nightmare yesterday so we we were
knackered from it and this morning it's
just stressful trying to get out so
outside I'm gonna have packed it cuz cuz
they're leaving spots it I was gonna
film them running over there so you can
get some footage on the group this one
looks like behind the scenes we're
losers in real life guys we are so lame
that ur dead ur dead ur dead ur dead
lunchtime
little mama making us some lunch all the
cameras are steamed oopsie guys look at
the amount of sweets ebooks first of all
I write all this myths here all of these
yummy sweets oh my god I went crazy
industry shop abide on this graph that
much this Arizona to Charleston chews
edible paper money yeah did you hey dude
what you doing
I've just wrote some pictures on here so
I wonder - is something burning
something's burning yeah and here is a
blanket that Judy fished out for hammer
to play on which is very character I'm
feeling it yeah he's stealing it listen
husband art I'm late which means time
you're here because there's so much
walks every time you visit every time we
come we steal things from Judy yeah why
not in it granny
sameen an steal away everyone what do
you put your eyes on this time well this
blanket and I'm yet to rummage through
your wardrobe you can ever find I'll
stay but I might not listen to it heyo
ba ba ba ba Hassan we miss you mate you
should really have come on use of course
some issues it's not same view that you
guys but you know sits first time so
good fun look flower smell it sample
learnt boys let it unfold right now
so here's the situation right we've
already been out buying that we came
back and then hammer started getting
restless again so mom was like this was
me I just stick her in the pram take her
for a walk and she be sleeping and I'll
leave we were like go ahead then we were
like 1 then let's see you do it laughs
so they've taken it for a walk and now
me is it a kind of just like what do we
do a little bit lost like we don't know
what I lost I mean like the RV I think I
feel a bit like ok I don't know what to
do this is the first time now that I
know Hannah's out with somebody and
we've got at least an hour free time in
it we have been set free Dena we've been
set free for a bit so means that are
gonna go for walk and maybe have some
chips we are going to change that
nothing mate ah that's amazing though
that's good that's good anyway we
vlogging me and SIDS adventures without
Hannah which is kind of feels weird but
whatever have you noticed the amount of
tub on my face from putting on weight
that's it
today's Saturday as of Monday I'm on
slimming world May and I'm gonna get so
skinny
yeah thanks need that yeah please touch
it I'm just gonna top up my lipstick
this is currently my favorite color this
the Bobbi Brown Rose brown one
so easy to wear
that looks matte and it is basically
it's basic like a great big hmm
oversized lip liner what are you doing
your walk call it why does every like
powder to do this but you I could lift
up
haha don't visit our linking we have a
LinkedIn about six months come on let's
lead strong with you grabbing Tunisian
oh you like when I'm clingy bitches in
deliver you know know what I think we
take a left
I don't know which is pretty bad I do
chuckle to myself now I don't know where
we're going sit let's not let's go that
way right and Sedalia to go to the post
office and ask for too funny and he's
gonna do it right now come on sit off
pop what going to the post office
ostrich Oh Polly
shall I go supposed to do it not stuck
don't do that at least take your video
first gosh
we couldn't find Chibs guys for the
having squandered beans there because a
little shop that were it guys go in this
room have a look at watch your head on
everything to lampshades and stuff like
that
look at all these over all them rugs
clothes fill it I mean my outfit is
they're pretty boring today this is
where do to get all the cool cushions
and stuff or from here look I love these
guys
Sid look at these pillows seriously home
scents ain't got nothing on this place
you got some chips such a shame about
the weather guys the weather this
weekend of yeah I wonder how
Hannah's doing without as I said
probably probably own people no nerve to
go oh no no it's too cold with the
window we took it Fanny Nina autumn back
take a picture of me with my chips
new skull but you do styling it out
loves it it's a new genus with a print
lovely fabric yes you're the first
habitude they go guys if you ever
wondered how to identical your scarf not
on the head I shall have it wrapped
around my neck so give me nice and warm
of this windy day we're going on another
walk it's Sunday morning by the way mom
has just zoomed off ahead with Hannah
over there
yeah here's the Sun fantastic anyway
I'm wearing my visual lip whatever this
is about makeup anyway we're gonna stop
there's many House of the day for you
ready tutorial how to dress like an old
lady by Tina Joe shut up
I know know disinvited me no I'm filming
no I'm filming no Sid I'm filming joy no
I'm film you should did i filming no you
should ruin my shot boy Steph Curry with
the shot more Pat Curry in the Pat boy
why'd life be in Tokyo guys sitting
waiting his prey and will pounce at any
given love it I wish this camera could
girdle closer so you could see the
Menace in his face but unfortunately it
doesn't you stopped off at this little
cafe have some gin just gone so excited
vision just gone
he wasn't dangerous fun I would you just
go on you're in gingers gone yeah I'm a
ginger spongy one one - not focus Oh
this fencing on me I'm just great big
super it'll tell you the table is so
excited about doesn't mama look nice
today
your army I'm about to dab right in
there
has been a bit of a whiny pot sir this
what means it have resorted to scaring
you
ah I don't get home now and guys we just
find out that we have to be London home
Wednesday the 24 so that means we go to
the Westbury come tomorrow which is
Monday and then Tuesday got leave to go
to London stay there for a night so my
god
oh my god thanks for throw it back and
thing like that and Diane ting base I'm
trying to borrow a bag off due to I'm
trying to Nick some actually but I
can borrow so these are the back she's
fished out further not fear early but
farmer bags and how old late twenty
thirty years old yeah that one is at
least 30 years old thirty years old that
one I can't remember whether I have that
one earlier or later that's probably
later than this one which one shall I
borrow you know when I look at it on
camera I'm thinking the light blue one I
don't know man I really like it look at
yourself wearing one yeah I don't mind
people well this is the official
recognition for Judy lending me one of
her bags
she's generously said that she is
generously said that I can keep both of
them so long as she gets recognition
thank you so much Judy you are the best
man in the world
guys you know how I just showed you this
bags well guess what Judy said I can
have the greenie beige one so I'm
totally having it way thanks dude be
nice to granny guy morning guys yes
there we bathe Hana and do this mini
bath and we put shampoo in a hair and
look how fluffy it may be morning booboo
cheeky chap slow it's Monday morning and
we're leaving beauty i dude I was just
saying bye to Hannah no reason whatever
no but what are you doing oh my -
everyone have fun oh yeah okay
bye then guys I'll just stand here
awkwardly okay bye guys have read a
magazine Ethan
okay bye yet so wipe learn today is a
Beyonce and Kim Kardashian all they ate
each other basically because Colin OS
fiancee all about him and Kip's you know
virus problems and used to be honest
with you go I would totally understand
Kim really because you know that should
be private and going to another woman
that best friend or not is only going to
cause Bob would say doesn't matter if
she's fiance and doesn't matter if
you're give Kardashian so that's my you
know two pence one pets as my top hats
on it to said that's my two cents on it
anyway and what I also learned is that
Skid Row cell where bio be campus are
dating where I had no idea I mean I feel
like I've been nowhere I had no idea
that Rihanna and Drake had dated I mean
where my bean I really did with the
Gothic I really did one of the Milland
yellows at least I'm crying on the date
who Drake Drake's like crying on a date
with Rihanna here because she was just
too hot he just died so Jesus burst into
tears that he was like I can't believe I
got you know he just burst into tears
and he was like my mom and I we we
please
we don't work work work work work is we
really want to meet and you know find it
missus and you you you're the one and
then she got put off by that when he
started crying his eyes out
and Ferne McCann has actually got a
proper job - good on you thing I like
fern from all the TOWIE people she's a
big loudmouth in love I like her I think
she's cool and she's the most vile it on
TOWIE I think in it
everyone else is I hardly do stylistic
no but she don't have a bit of style
whereas everyone else's Papa just like
FX buy it just like with makeup and like
hitting stuff you know
so yes I think I'm going to look at
magazines more often they're quite if
you as colorful and it gives you lots of
you know inspiration kind of thing when
you look at the fashion bits and bobs
bottles and bits and bits and bobs you
know so we are so I didn't live the
London Fashion Week guys as you know
because I never go but I am going to
London the day after Fashion Week ends I
just sparked all over this so I'm going
to London the day after Fashion Week
which is hilarious I would I'd like to
go and see something but
you know I'm gonna tryin go to all the
shows in September like try and cover it
from my perspective because I will be
very very honest about everything so I
really want a Burger King buts it's like
nah fam do you know you is fat but you
know I could I could be bunting into a
burger right now while Hannah's just
stretching you know so guys um that was
its first time in Bude by the way should
you enjoy it you're fun mmm good
that means we'll go again Wow my cheeks
men hopefully she'll just sleep for the
second half of the journey which is
another two hours and basically when we
get home I'm so glad that we left the
house tidy before we left because going
home to our dirty house is the worst
thing ever
sidon hannah chillin in the car and just
really want that Burger King buff anyway
Adele's lost crappers away how amazing
to the doll look seriously I mean good
on her she's not like stick Guinea she's
still curvy she looks amazing
and that's the gossip for this week guys
so that's also at the end of my beauty
vlogger thanks for watching hope you
enjoyed coming to viewed with me again
and I definitely enjoyed it
and the good man
whoo
