we're on the way to let the guys and
it's snowing woke up to like loads of I
just got him to sleep it's a little
entertainment
we've arrived in London guys is uncle
Yusuf uses uncle Yusuf
well anyway we've arrived time delay and
basically today we're just gonna chill
out and then tomorrow we can't go out
again I could do some things and things
tomorrow so I'll try and film I'm gonna
have a makeup lesson with Bobby Brown
where you soften my voice but anyway
yeah we didn't TCN useless little flat
silly cute look there's a broom on the
wall where yo IKEA 3 power buh buh buh
look house it's Carrie Hannah like to
the hell does this where is this just
setting up her and Matt thing so we can
put it down in London obviously what you
got against where you're 15 pounds bum
ba-bum papers chillin out and your
jungle play gym party to see i'm t2z i
want to do the LTZ on today week
teaching us good on youtube that's going
on youtube no it is our lebanese with
you and your puppies still isn't here we
ordered one a lebanese takeaway and look
at the context a baguette came in on the
road it's so cool this one and guys
guess what my hand is drinking off a
bottle oh my god first time ever muscle
on blue 11 years take away nearly mmm I
just finished eating v go hon oh and the
desert baby sling exam legs up we're
having some mint tea before was it a bad
basically took my makeup on and her
anyway so besides the house a what
morning guys
I'm on my way to meet Sophie from Bobby
Brown
then hopefully I'm gonna have a good
makeup lesson and then I'm gonna meet
Susan Hannah afterwards
and I got nothing we think so hopefully
Hannah will be okay with say the first
time for him to take care of her for
like three four hours all alone and I'm
not even in focus okay LuAnn Bobby Brown
family Emily hi
I should make quite as she can show me
how to do my face like hers today oh I
really love it you guys know I'm really
crap at I shadow and doing things like
this so I'm just gonna show me how yeah
anyway I'm gonna try and film as much as
I can
yay so you guys can benefit okay hi
taken off the the eyes look you know you
know I look like a lot eyes are look Bob
it will emulsify to get a little bit
milky so oh yeah oh my god I have got so
much foundation on guys I've got so much
foundation on right now
you don't need all that foundation but i
do i do pac yawn denied back on my
foundation my face is prepped guys look
how moisturizing shiny look normally I
never practice now I never ever prep my
face I just stick my slap on God look
how big mine Isaac's without the contour
hey do you kind of contour I'm not a fan
of changing a face shape neither it
rounds that's good yeah because I
changed my safe and like look how
different I look without makeup look
like different human being so what we're
going to do is highlight your gorgeous
cheekbones rather than change them
because they're freaking awesome what
they do they'll write down everything
they've been using on your face so that
you can remember so I get to take this
home and I can study it and decide what
I want to continue doing basically oh by
the way look I've got tiger stripes
because picking my foundation we went
with this warmer one I've got my skin
based on this is my actual looks exactly
the same
completely blending on my neck so this
is my actual skin face color basically
new look for me but I'm loving how much
my foundation looks more like skin
rather than life cuz I came in and even
Emily was like your foundation is taking
everything that you didn't say that we
got blush or guys you guys know I never
go for like blush I was just go bronze
but look and it said like I look so
crazy
none of why we learn the texture
I love that color he's so excited to
she's become my brows this was this
perfectly defined long wear brow pencil
with a brush on the end
guys check out and finish look mais
looking good night the finish lip would
like my coat on and everything so I'm
gonna go out like this turning you for
me if I love it might assume well
actually look at my skin it looks like a
baby's bum my babies look we don't make
that so I'm gonna go thank you Emily are
you so welcome
hi guys so I just come home to see Hanna
obviously and give her a little Phoebe
and stuff like that
I just came and changed my scarf as well
cuz I was getting sick of the black one
so anyway um basically yeah I'm going
for another meeting so she's gonna take
Hanna on be on the overground
yes on the other ground of me has mate
Lawrence and then I'm gonna meet them
after and we'll see how it goes having
fun sir oh my name is right think oh god
I'm buddy that's what I want to talk
about why it went from a head I don't
know basically it's so interesting we're
talking to the Bobbi Brown girls and the
Bond girl from mega pious about you know
makeup nowadays and like the whole
Instagram makeup kind of thing a twenty
minutes I saw very quick and how like
you know Instagram makeup is making us
you do these techniques that are like
not really suitable for everyday kind of
thing you know
and so it was just interesting because
Lauren brown is all about accentuating
your natural features and like she made
my skin glow without using any
highlighter whatsoever basically I'll go
through all the products properly when I
like get home or when I have a minute
sit down and it was really interesting
really gave me a new perspective on
makeup you know no nose
come roll on the balls right guys I'm
wearing well worms by the way how epic
is my sister's work I'm wearing boot
cuts guys I'm wearing bootcut bootcut
bootcut do is so
all girls right now uses Cohen from
femdom fetis
my fingers are numb so we're warming
them up onstage forehead my dad ah sorry
yeah oh my god
sorry sorry sorry so now I'm warming up
- I mean cool
we never got no eyebrows happens
sometimes go for it
it's just me me me my Tommy hey comes
the gravy accompt Outsiders or people
solenoid no pod√≠a Nobile
but 800 guys I'm going to tell you that
this is off of my head is one new one
that we are bringing in two days okay
collection so check it out it's got a
bronze sorry border get what you're
trying to do here be quiet when I'm
telling her today morning surprise
picture huh yeah a little oh my it was
cool guys oh my god
basically right blast last night Sid
went back to Birmingham to check on the
cat's just for a night and he's coming
back to London like any minute basically
he's like it's about no tizzy oh it's
about two o'clock in the afternoon and
it's taking us wallahi like three hours
to get ready and get Hannah out of the
house without any help from said I find
it so difficult by myself just getting
her dressed and just getting out like
this ages when you in Artie's pushing
the Pam so about TV yeah basically sir
yeah we're gonna maybe look at some
makeup in space and Kay and I will get
to cause as well yeah maybe we will head
up
oh is that Chelsea oh okay anyway that's
it oh I like that Scott to see we're
such amateurs man
guys check it out my stillness
collection has launched yay
check it out on the URL which is
actually in my Instagram and here's the
collection enjoy it it's sterling silver
I'm there like gold plated it's arrived
and he's on feely duties cuz I just
change hanasu what course I clean to a
bum hi Deena
what are you doing today I'm like this
later she's more logical what I could do
but I want to I want a proper camera
okay something'll amount of losing money
how do I stop it remember all I know is
that first okay
Anna with uncle Lawrence uncle Lawrence
hasn't held a baby in all of his life
yo
yeah
with my team ugh
sweetly come on
are you an idiot
are you an idiot aannd oh the thing that
is how can you feel me Oakley thereby
talked herself to sleep
pretty much yeah new jewelry guys
remember I started coochie frills
jewelry um about six weeks ago as a
trial well we like the trial and we've
got new pieces coming in oh there you go
so these are like nice little sterling
silver adjustable sizes and stackable
dainty's then we got a great big white
drusy one like the black drusy but a
white one duh
that's the hair on my sleeve I hate that
hi guys we're walking in HAMP fit and
you know I went to a whistles because
they have a sale and I got myself a
knife coat on sale 80 pounds 200 on my
microphone oh my god guess what yes
means it I when we were walking here
only sleeping Michael McIntyre walked
past us and he said decides to tell me
too late so then if I want to go get
supper with him at least you have to
chase him and I didn't want to look like
a stalker so like I'm not gonna look
like Sokka
I could have taken a selfie with Michael
McIntyre but I did story family love
these house it is this is behind the
scenes of how Evans Lawrence on
instagram takes his takes his Instagram
pictures of his arty-farty come his
arty-farty door corners his arty-farty
window corners things like that
my planet kisses I've experienced yeah
Comcast feel about it good time to go
back home
Emily's by London Keith all right
nappies go in my pocket right here when
I'm traveling let fly this dummy on two
finger wipes and other pocket and B pan
but pants n cream in this one as well
Anna did you enjoy your first trip to
London
was it an adventure
