Oh morning Hannah morning TV is so
entertaining
honey you chilling now in your mama move
while mama has a coffee thank you very
much boo-boo morning jibun de Guise I
harvested Conan in the back I just had
three bananas in a room breastfeeding
makes you so hungry
you get more booty there's a people who
do it for you to make a run properly
stop it no homo banana matches Oh big
piece anyway
yeah breastfeeding gives you crazy quick
cravings so much important way not from
being pregnant but from bloody
breastfeeding anyway
Oh banana banana I already cracked a
joke my phone is off look what came in
the mail today - Negus bomb dog sneaker
check out my blog for details on the
specs basically I've been looking for
these trainers for ages and haven't been
able to get hold of them because they're
really rare but doc sneaker the doctor
of sneakers hooked me up
what do you say you're from yes today is
Monday and we're going to register
Hannah's name
officialy and all that register her
birth actually she's in the pram oh
she's wearing it you ride there sorry
about that in her little brown suits ham
de l'air so far so good
they just got in the car and no tantrums
you just been looking around and
chilling up and I shouldn't sleep thank
God looks like it's going to be a easy
day with Hannah the music might attempt
to do other things today as long as
there maybe go for lunch somewhere or we
need to we need to go to yeah we need to
go to a fabric shop as well because I
need to buy fabric for my next DIY video
and he needs he wants me to make him a
top I said get it all fashion II honor
see now I'm saying anyway so it was just
lovely
oh good guys by the way I managed to
wear eyeliner today what basically what
happened is and because when we sleep
through the night actually wakes up like
three four times during the night
usually she wakes up around 7:00 7:30
a.m. feeds and changes for about an hour
and a half and then goes back to sleep
around 9 o'clock so when she went back
to sleep at 9:00 I made it asleep exited
and then I just got ready properly the
first time ever so there'll be a blog
post on this look today ah we've
registered Hannah she didn't feel his
name at the front otherwise it's quite a
pretty little thing you know what is
yours
guys we've gone to Paris fabrics to get
our fabric since I'm a look and he's so
careless he just left Hanna there so I'm
going to save her because he just left
her he was pushing her terrible she's
been sleeping it but I know she's done a
great big poof like a splint looking for
fabric to make like ah I want like kinda
like this fealty fabric for a DIY video
but now I'm looking at loads of things I
might want to buy those and then start
making like things so I might just do
that here's all the fabric we bought
guys that's all I'm gonna make my jacket
with for the DIY video guys we just
pushed in secret life of four or five
girls and Syd's burping Hanna and I just
felt watching yeah she's also watching
she just picked up all over me like ten
times as off I'm about to go to
Sainsbury's is my first outing alone
without Hannah so we just put it to
sleep on SIDS stomach and so that we
don't wake her up he's literally gone to
brush his teeth with it on over like
this oh my god guys it feels so good to
drive after how long I'm gonna literally
haven't driven okay I've driven twice in
almost six weeks
so it feels great to drive but oh my god
I'm basically going to sign this by
myself first outing completely alone
without her so I'm hoping to get in
maybe like that hour in there and I want
to buy myself pajamas I don't need to
buy some ingredients because I'm going
to try one of the recipes from the
chelina cookbooks tonight because my mom
I'm sister and brother coming over to
see how so I thought I'll just try
cooking cuz I don't get healthy anyway
so yeah maybe I'll enjoy myself in the
supermarket never thought I'd ever see
them alive for kingi I don't know the
song but I'm listening to the radio
I haven't undead a long time my mother
now can't even turn the radio home got
done the shot
Wow guys I'm cooking for the first time
in like a year look at the mess I've
made already basically I'm trying the
potato and kidney bean dog on the
chelina sunshine on a plate recipe book
wish me luck guys I'm here cooking I
show you after all right oh my god I'm
cooking in the wrong time completely I
go swap hands Oh guys I'm very old in
the wrong water bio placer works so am i
simmering now
guys this is the end result seems like
oh it doesn't go if you like that's why
it looks like in the book and that's
what I'm out like they're absolutely
exactly the same but this is megamix I
did have a pecan you'll all sorry Judy
but everything kind of likes her mama
you very much but British or Chaplin
loves it
Oh Chaplin you like that don't you oh
you do not get off we thought we'd get
on a Sunday I'll know is I had a crank
or just another baby through anyway I do
fish in the pram I like to seize bag I
wanted Nikki and I want to lick her coat
too short let me anyway and we're
supposed to go to another retail park
but then I missed the turning because I
don't get how much and so we ends up in
the better one so we're gonna get to HTM
and taking out is right-handed ooh see
what she's crying Anna gets to hear Mike
and hm under C de he's cool a
minute
hey hi mom the kinda Baby Talk shall we
have a Reedy Hanna likkle Reed okay
Oh Muslim lady I love you and you love
me I talk to you and you talk to me are
you looking honey are you looking you
don't even looking girls you need to
look at the book right now I hold you
tight and you hold me I talk to you and
you talk to me we're talking look at a
newborn baby honey I look at you and you
look at me I talk to you and you talk to
me well Lola like this
Syd for Hannah a to back across you
because he's teamed up with o2 and to do
oh oh yawning yeah to do a Star Wars
boomer fake whoo Hannah's got her
six-week checkup at the doctor's today
she didn't have her little outfit a
pictures done she liked her um what is
this called the onesie or I might call
it jumpsuit from Sainsbury's and st.
bees little socks lovely Anna
ugly guys me and said are attempting to
go out with Hannah today somewhere the
doctors like we actually go now out
basically what we just did why my father
focus go
basically we just went to our outfit
photo spot we've had a stakeout for
pictures long it was really funny she
was just in her car seat rocking and
sleeping like a condom so now there we
found out that yo man we recently found
out that there's this place right next
to a house which is a garden center but
it also has like other things in it that
you can look at and they do afternoon
tea and stuff so while I was sleeping we
thought we go check that out if she
wakes up I'll just go change her nappy
and also we got with me because this
morning I had a good call I've got to
love it for some fine thing so yesterday
I spent most of the day expressing some
milk and this is our last bit of milk so
we thought while we have some milk let's
attempt to go out with Hannah because I
don't have to respeet in public and I
know everybody's like wanting to get
your nursing cover some exam I pour a
nursing cover so my problem isn't okay
I'm a bit embarrassed about
breastfeeding in public because
everybody just looks at you even though
nothing's nacho
but my problem isn't the bit where I can
cover myself because I could to cover
myself with a scarf or anything my
problem is how do you cover yourself
even with the nursing cover when you're
trying to get the breast out and put the
baby on it
that's my difficulty I can't do that
under the nursing cover because I can't
see properly and you know I mean so and
also I haven't really figured out
suitable clothing to wear for
breastfeeding either yet other than
button-down
I've been button-down shirt and I still
find that difficult because underneath
my clothes I always wear like a vest or
something so I find that very difficult
to you know I mean so anyway it's just
made me want to design clothes for
breastfeeding women so just want to show
you
Hannah's little lamb what is this the
sleep suit promise to thing that my
sister got her from Baby Gap is so cute
look and it's still warm
lovely jubbly about to go into the
center and it was like oh you want to do
this I was like why not
he was like because we're brown cuz just
lose lose of old white before so I told
him to turn the collar of his denim
jacket back down go on I just did no you
didn't still up
come on sit no that's still really up
look - gangster no do you know who I
look like here I can't do not see back
countin ah ah
can I see captain err this captain
I that foot boomer eric cantor darlin
it's a football one look at manchester
united now he's gone into acting you
might see Martha mother it's going go
compare really no I didn't say that
anyway see look there that that's
another couple with the pram and stuff
yeah it's totally normal gonna name the
baby just still man
just do it yeah I'm so disappointed in
myself and instead we've chickened out
we're not going in with Hannah because -
scared
so and it's closing in like an hour so
we're gonna do it tomorrow tomorrow
we're gonna look at but I just go in in
now look what this sort out the prompt
but they've got bigger baby one there's
a new book where was a new bulletin
board where so shall we do it
we're chickened out thus it's like I
don't want to go in dressed like this
because I don't fit this out insecure
young people we live in a really really
like a you know not very multicultural
area so we do stick out like sore thumbs
a little bit what should we do say it's
we're going now or shall we wait till
tomorrow and go in tomorrow from the
morning I have a full day of your stuff
for beef marketing okay all right we're
gonna go get ingredients for beef mac
and cheese dinner instead because you've
got basketball to tonight and then
tomorrow we're gonna get up and we're
gonna come here for the full day out
that's it yeah yeah promise yeah that's
still okay and we we're cozy things like
cozy coats and boots oh recording time
taking my selfie guys who have I got my
new Tom Ford makeup on Tom Ford brows
Tom Ford le'ts Tom Ford liner the liner
is the best line ever and Tom Ford
mascara which is okay it's okay
yeah I like it it's been ages since I
put makeup on to be fair whoa hello this
is kind of cool footage isn't it I swear
I wore this when I was pregnant and it
literally hello you let's film a
tutorial got timeline okay take more
selfies
well hello there
hey goodnight out we made out made it
out let me give me the camera
I'm not having your crappy angles on my
mum guys we made it we've come out we're
not at the holly bush center that we
wanted to go to but we've come to a park
okay beacon park big park in this field
in Litchfield and steady freezing should
have one more good you know how pretty
is a park where you wear your jumper
makeup today
yes hat you know that and also I want to
say another shoe I have glasses to wear
but come out of it kind of woke up
really became because I need to shoot
this outfit mum life dummy in the hand
yeah we Underpants it happen
good happy I will be very quiet to ever
and I can go out all the time but the
good thing Monday so go back to the car
now it's so cold man does it from now on
I literally have to be just wearing
coats and nothing but anyway Hannah's
finally knocked out the pram when we're
leaving let's take some nice other
photos in the scoop box behind a little
bakery in Santa
Everett gingerbread hybrid sure it's
bread we literally haven't eaten
anything all day we just have a coffee
earlier so are you starting on the
gingerbread pies are attempting to go
out again but we're gonna have Hannah in
the car seat this time because we're
gonna go down for like an hour that says
run her to sleep anyway dummy ring yay
my phone's gonna come cuz I look at that
is it improper anyway it's improper
behavior we watched a really funny video
today called Instagram husband and sits
- come yo I'm not an Instagram husband
at all yeah Dean is the Instagram wife
as well because she takes my pictures
now as well so Instagram wife and
besides that video is kind of stupid
it's like you know I just take your
pictures we don't take pictures of food
we don't take pictures of like that
we don't take people I could I want to
take which is a food if I refused to so
I'm not down Instagram house but getting
bullied by your wife's and stuff
grow some balls grow some balls okay
seed all right yo listen grab the car
seat and take you in night okay and make
me a sandwich obviously although make it
I got um my Instagram husband packed
away Massimo Cellino
I'm gonna fry some it's funny
and I'm driving I'm the boss lady and
you just need to grab husband we look
good like this so maybe let's stop
recording take a pic right here here
I'll see who's taking the damn pictures
who's taking a picture so if he found
who's taking picture you you take it on
you're taking pictures you know you
don't have the pictures I'd take a
today actually my take is guy in
take a
exactly who's squirming now who's
clement Patek
okay I'm just filming you having a
selfie - ding-dong - point enough nice
how cute is all this decoration to the
kitchen yeah I want to move houses I can
decorate she wants to move house so she
can decorate a kitchen it's the
stupidest reason for moving ever
delightful tea scrumptious shudder
marvellous milk nice such a cute easy oh
my god vanilla some top house I want
these things now thank you very much
silliness rock beneath you
and then get it I'm chicken everything
is totally we can put slur in it and zip
it guys
I've got a sweet section and we're gonna
buy all these sweeties I'm going to get
this flower bouquet for my youtube
background Oh Hannah
Oh Hannah he looks at you with the
bouquet that's the size of your face
we've also made it Sainsbury's today
gonna get some quick munch for the house
we made it to Thames beautiful m-mama
and use some Hassan arrived so that we
can food to eat and sit cooking tonight
as well so and I'm basically a tenth of
law so thanks for watching guys
say bye say bye
