oh my god are you still a coffee sleep
guys Hannah today is six days old and
basically I just could not she liked my
her job I thought I would be able to
start blogging new mum vlogs from day
one of being a new mum but realistically
that was absolutely impossible then I'd
probably sit down later and talk to you
about what the first weeks been like to
be honest with you we haven't even slept
today's her second walk and on using her
baby Rhett she's all bundled up and it's
so nice new daddy
yeah muezzin what I'm saying it's watch
it you want to watch it set us watches
you want
well watches you want watch it
oh hello tell you thank you guys Sid
lives like Papa lil gangster but that
new dad life
go home carrying pink pink
what are they sheep and pig muslin cloth
pocket hedgehogs
you're right look at him walking around
with it why did I want to be hands-free
I just be like guys I'm just a home
Sid's getting ready to go to basketball
and handle air Hannah's been sleeping
for like the past probably like four
hours she does this thing where she
sleeps late afternoon into early evening
but then she stays up all night so I'm
supposed to sleep whenever she does but
I really want to get stuff done and as
adults we can't just like click our
fingers and just go to sleep like they
tell you to um so anyway I'm trying to
edit the last of my maternity lookbook
videos and that normally takes me about
I don't know maybe 7 hours straight in
one sitting but I've been editing it
whenever I can since like last night
this is my second visit to it it's just
taking me ages man because it's
impossible to do anything with a newborn
baby I don't know how I'm ever gonna get
back into things but maybe this vlog
will help and like I'll kind of like not
sure how to do this vlog I like I had
all these ideas and like I was writing
down the ideas and scheduling how I
would film everything but realistically
I can't really follow it so these vlogs
are gonna be a bit more laid-back in
terms of editing and filming probably a
lot of just me sin talking the things
like that so anyway my mom's coming back
this week for a few days to help me out
a little bit and then we'll be going
back with my mum to Cardiff and stay in
Cardiff for a few days
to chill with family and a banana just
sleeping and her little lamb like I
don't know what it is like a little baby
carrier thing it's so weird like just
before I gave birth I was going through
like crazy cleaning phases and
organizing stuff and like hoovering like
a lunatic and stuff and I thought
everything was organized in the house
the only thing that I hadn't been
finished was Hannah's nursery and that
still isn't finished I still need to do
that oh my god
and then all of a sudden when you have a
baby all of a sudden like the house is
just a mess like there's like nothing's
everywhere there's like white
everywhere there's like it's just
impossible
I don't know basically what I'm trying
to say is respect all the mothers out
there especially the ones who are doing
it by themselves and especially the ones
who um yo man what is this innit
what is that - so guys labor and
delivery just killed me off oh my god it
killed milfs nothing that you can ever
imagine but I've got so many things to
show you guys until I have to get back
into things but what is good is that my
stomach went down fairly quickly
like pretty much as soon as she came out
I stood up and I was like with my belly
gone
oh my god so weird then every day's been
go down a little bit more but I'm kind
of like confused with it stop now or not
because I always had a little bit of a
podge anyway
so bubbly has and I just actually need
to lose weight but I weighed myself
herself as like the next day and
basically when Hannah came out and all
the other stuff that came out with it
that all weighed basically yeah about 8
kilograms 8 kgs so then I weighed myself
and I was 65 kgs and now I'm 64 point
eight so it's going down slowly but I
guess then the weight I put on during
pregnancy was about 3 kgs which is
nothing that's what I put on anyway
during these winter months so I'm quite
happy with that basically and right now
while Hannah's sleeping I just miss
stuff in my facebook cakes um since I'm
breastfeeding as well I've been really
good okay forget the cake thing I've
been really good with YT because when I
gave birth my mum was saying I'm over
for a few days to help me and stuff and
she was cooking every day to make sure
that me and me I'm Sid witty and healthy
for the first few days cuz obviously it
killed Sid off as well the whole labor
thing because he was awake all night and
our first few days being parents was
just insane we basically haven't slept
since like look at this bags I like and
the past three days we've managed to get
about four hours of sleep each if we're
lucky and I've been able to manage on
that so far
so Oh she's stirring so anyway um wait
one sec oh yes a yawn so oh so basically
yes so since I'm breastfeeding I've been
trying to eat super not super healthy
but I've been trying to have like good
meals lots of veg lots of things like
that but having said all that today I'd
like you know what I need some recover
at food cuz I still haven't had that so
I indulged in cake and chocolate and
things like that basically since go into
basketball now I've got loads to talk
about I haven't filmed my labor and
delivery story yet so don't say too much
here because I don't wanna repeat myself
isn't that right it okay gotta go no bye
bye drive safe well do have fun ah
Hannah banana neck and we keep like her
nickname now is officially banana banana
we can't stop saying banana
she just fought it Peters fight if
there's any other like new mums out
there like I'm getting really really
paranoid about things like germs and how
other people handle her like if we just
ask um how people hold her or I'm just
getting like I just don't want to leave
her side I don't want to I don't want to
let anybody else like other than family
obviously like hold her or anything
cuz I'm like just too paranoid I'm just
like I just won't do things my way I
don't know Julie wait and she's gonna
wake up now and I have to go oh my god
oh my god there's poo on my hoodie oh
it's green as well that is gross guys we
were just changing how his nappy and she
hates it when we change and so Sid just
had was holding her naked for a bit to
give her give her a break and then
literally she pooped down his arm and
onto the floor I'm on to Georgie's head
and we just cleaned up it was so
hilarious
well done Hannah Hannah one dad zero
yeah
banana phone nap little banana has
hiccups everyone chaplains trying to eat
the flowers the reamer set us captain no
no Tappan so funny how our dining table
has turned into the happy changing table
hilarious oh that dummy's not gonna be
able to be used now champlain wriggle
wriggle wriggle wriggle wriggle wriggle
wriggle all of the baby clothes I bought
are too big for her guys taking Hannah
out for a first shopping experience to
take a magnet's around the corner and
we'll see how it goes I haven't asked it
getting a blue bow and pleat hair cuz
that's gonna be so awkward
dunno how I mean you might have to do
that so we'll see I'm going there what
is this the two-faced one in my hole I
love it
I'm trying to figure out how to put the
pram together I really regret buying
this Paramus rubbish yay yay put it in
there like that yeah and then click it
yeah wait hold the cam does the camera
let me do it
benefi remember is that is that secure
yeah oh money to the wheezing good
what do you do
um you did it last time I don't know
from the breaks up
don't worry Hannah's not in the brown
guy
I don't know maybe you just put the
brake on don't know
yeah okay yeah okay
Hey
okay how'd you press stop
Mama's granny's shopping in to hear my
tune Nana these are my picks so far keep
like freaking out and not wanting to
carry on shopping cause like I trying to
get hurry though
so we go ahead pan is still sleeping
guys so we've come to Koster to attempt
to have a nice coffee only the new pram
man I don't like this one at all please
suggest sorry why not put on Vega ate my
face is huge I'm gonna have bugs ever on
it
guys I thought I'd just update you on
what my postpartum stomach looks like
today is exactly one week since I've had
Hana and it's looking like this right
now hey Jody oh you want some attention
while Hannah sleeping okay anyway so
that's my one week update we'll see how
it looks
next week I don't think it's gonna go
down much more or at all to be honest
with you but we'll see I'll let you guys
know I still don't look exactly the same
as before in my clothes and stuff
morning guys it's like in 11 o'clock in
the morning but we're all quiet because
Hannah's having a sleep she's been
really good tonight she slept most of
the night Handler and he woke up like
three four times for feeding a nappy
changing anyway so we thought I thought
I'd get you smash and to help me do her
room but this cloud garland from the
white that white shop company whatever
is called that's gonna go from there to
up there and then we stuck looser clouds
on this wall and realized that the wall
isn't blue and so looks a bit stupid but
it's like mama said at Egypt sandstorm
kind of sky rather than England I need
to sort out her cupboard with all her
clothes because the mess I'll show you
loads of stuff that she's got as well
Leah I've got two slings I've just got
this one from desert baby Kuwait Vysya
sent me it's a really nice color as well
I'll show you that when I do try it and
then I showed you guys the blue silk one
I've got as well from Isaiah baby but
I'll show you that oh this is what I
bought her yesterday from TK Maxx I've
been
what you mean to me if you tiki max in
this case paid this little hat make
these little machines Morris Friday and
she's got doctor's appointment in
Wiggins Cardiff to chill out with family
that and also so that Anna can meet
those of my friends from Cardiff kebabs
I grew up there and for that she's gonna
wear dress that her aunty said sister
got her with these little gold shoes
that my friend Rudd wa for her thanks
for the help guys
unlike proper chatting away on it anyway
and look at this little doggie basically
this is my teddy from when I was like
when I was tiny and I've had it ever
since I was going to tuck it away and
then I was like I'm hotter I can have it
ah so this is gonna be Hannah's teddy I
love it so much mmm if this bracelet is
my toddler bracelet that I've had since
I was a toddler that was given to me to
me by my great uncle Richard and now
it's going to be Hannah's look how small
is but I'll have to wait till she's a
few months old inshallah till she can
start wearing that so passed down from
me so nice isn't it anyway a little cat
thing that goes on like switch and says
hello I got that from Amazon ah look I
just woke up
yes it look hi guys okay I look like
I've been beaten up basically
yesterday was the most difficult day on
this planet I don't know what was going
on with Hannah a change but basically
she just wouldn't sleep when do anything
she yesterday basically I was just
pretty much just feeding her all day I
just felt like a cow and then for some
reason something happened and I look
like I've got a black eye this morning
but basically yesterday we came to
Cardiff for the weekend and today all my
friends get to me Hannah woohoo look at
this black eye anyway I'm wearing one of
her muslin cloth on my head just to film
real quick yes there was pointless
filming cuz it was just crazy
oh honey I was going to be two weeks on
Tuesday morning and today is Saturday
went to the Midwife yesterday and she
said that my uterus has completely gone
down so I'm not going to shrink anymore
that I have basically so anything that's
left is just way up or a normal girl
looks
so dead I'm trying to make myself
presentable cuz Honda's having a little
nap and stuff like that so whoa okay
anyway guys I just changed Hana and fed
her and this is what she's supposed to
be wearing I paired it with pink tights
that are way too big I don't what to do
yeah no banana for name we stuffed the
tights in the shoes so they could try
and stay on bigger guys there's a full
outfit ez-up of me yeah yeah yeah watch
me with me it looks so funny cuz her
baby cuz he come at me bro come at me
bro Oh hisses you don't see no molding
because try holding the camera and a
baby baby look what I bought today it's
a nursing pillar got it in HomeSense for
20 pounds which is pretty good and I
just tried it and it's really great me
now Hannah is that her other
grandparents house and it sounds like a
Warhol nose so we're trying to we got
Cal Poly nasal spray to try and help her
get rid of her Bowie's pick these up
from boots because during the night last
night she peed all over her baby Rose
while I was changing though like four
times it was fluffy legs open it oh yes
oh yes
Bogey's do you know how people are like
oh yeah you should sing to babies and
that I don't know any songs to think so
I just thought you'd like making songs
up about things that I need to do for
example I need to go to toilet but how
do I sleep so I'm like Hannah can you
sleep so mommy can go pee mommy oh ham
delay egg get those boogies out girl
nice I don't know what's going on right
but okay I'm wearing ham his blanket on
my head to cut myself because I had to
like talk to you on camera
Hannah slept the whole night she slept
on like half 1:00 in the morning until
half 7:00 and I just kept waking up to
check on her but that was it I'm just
like what obviously this is not going to
happen every night but imagine if it did
guys I just spent like well to be honest
I spent like the past week or so trying
to practice ling wearing and I think I
might just about got the hang of it I
mean I can't really tell honestly I
can't tell but she's nice and snug and
she's fallen asleep in it around the
house so
hopefully I've done it right try going
out just me and Hannah by ourselves for
a little walk with this link this is the
desert baby one this is the pattern that
I have on the corner just got a little
zip right here as well if I had the
other hand free I would show you but
there you go
check it out a Sears brand you guys all
know me Hannah is officially two weeks
old so basically I'm going to end the
vlog for this week and I'm all over the
place today I'm going to end the vlog
for this week but I just want to show
you one thing before I do I made Hannah
an email account I was planning on doing
this like way before she was born and I
just got around to doing it basically
yesterday so she's two weeks old so I'm
kind of 2 weeks late but I made her an
email account and so that I can send her
emails every day of her photos and it
updates herself and then when she's like
16 I can give her the password and she
can read all thanks for joining me on
the second week of Hannah's life
unfortunately I couldn't vlog the first
but hopefully I'll see you next week if
you want another one
I don't know I'm going to look dead
maybe next week I'll start looking like
regular Deana if I manage to figure out
a routine for her and ask you know well
I managed I don't know
okay bye dis raining but I thought I
just have got to go for a walk today so
I'll put my hood up and I wrapped Hannah
I'll get the coat like this so she won't
get wet and I'll just keep checking on
her and I'm did she just gonna go for
like 10 minutes this is my first outing
with Hannah all by herself so I thought
I'd try slinging it first and they're
not trying a pram walk by myself and
then I thought I'd try going in the car
by myself so slowly build up the
confidence and flee
