I got taken to a company you're pregnant
in it obviously yeah so very heavily
pregnant this has made it ten times
harder because obviously you can't wear
the normal because you're going to
look like a front
Ceaser's just spent the last
approximately two hours styling me
completely from head to toe and we
filmed the whole process for you so if
you want to see my full look and how to
get this look and all of the logic
behind it then please continue watching
anything you want to say sit keep it
gangster star the top shirts and tops
bottom half is jackets and trousers and
black trousers are here and these are
pattern choices and if you want jeans
and jumpers there in the other cupboard
did you really make it sound like this
crap is organized we go for a winter
locker some local walk
well it's autumn right now I don't know
what a water look is something that seve
wore the occasion is um going out for
dinner with you around 7 o'clock at
night do you mind
what are we going out like this right
now or something no we're not actually
going out what you should actually he'll
make you dress like Tom in that case
okay fine let's actually go out with any
we'll go up there okay men let's go to
Lady pool road and have everybody see it
what have you found so far I don't know
what stop what
Sid's looking for his statement piece
that he's gonna work around on usage Wow
you could have had that for so long
whatever it's like a thing I found a
charity shop that I love you can look in
the upper wardrobe as well for jumpers
by the way
but then kind of do you remember okay in
here is some blazes and some like winter
jump races that's what we go for we need
some Blazers depends our jumper they
never walk
yeah but I'm pregnant okay you're back
in this cupboard I'll help you a little
bit I want to wear something like a
jacket or a blazer with something
underneath and then just jeans or
trousers and simple shoes
well this which one
yep don't mind wearing that this there
could be a statement piece
stop with the statement pieces you said
your thought you want to find one thing
thing
do you wear and then you do the outfit
around it nothing is dooming people
alright we're going with this okay
I think it's pretty cool okay who is it
from TK Maxx the heck is innocence
something else movie oh okay then okay
yeah we'll go with that map there we go
done what the wipes and a little bit a
geometric pattern on the blazer the geo
and the stripes
okay fine fair enough well girl with all
right then get out which top are you
going for underneath it the black and
white one or the white I'm going for the
whole thing you're me to wear all three
um I think so
actually do you know what have you got a
shirt like it like a like a flower
look flowy no in this one we call it uh
yeah but it's not going to be longer
than that black and white one why isn't
it going to be longer cuz I don't have
one that's longer than that with the
colour just gonna do this
you want me to it do you know what don't
you dress you like a bloke that this
whole thing is in right now for blokes
okay so I'm gonna dress you like a man
okay so you've picked that now pick some
pants yeah I know exactly what kind of
pants would go with this okay would go
with this it's clasp it looks sick what
tells us yeah we're going for some
tartan
tartan oh I had hope and now you said
tartan could you imagine
oh please no no could you imagine that
is trend that's trend I'm not sure about
those trousers down I'm sure that's
trendy Sid's making me try on the
trousers with the top before he makes
his final decision
sorry what do you want on how much do
you want to roll them up
yeah she'll the oh you like that D
that looks sick will you all hmm wait
I go with my rug are you doing look at
the concentration I'm looking at
something like it's tying a knot in the
top underneath my belly no you need to
do that not because I don't know dude
okay I'll make the knot I'll see
probably okay we're getting there guys
he's added the jacket what's missing
oh shoot okay let's kiss you okay my
shoes are not organized whatsoever oh
damn it so this is how my shoes are
currently stored guys I have not
organized in a while so good luck with
that said by the way trainers are back
shelf behind the jeans what trainers
have ego where the heck is your trainers
I can't even see him oh my god just
looking at my shoes gives me a headache
to be honest with you
these are comfy I knew this is like
Deena two years ago when you used to be
like what the hell are you wearing
Dino's know it's way more stylish than
that what color scoff you go for I'm
just thinking
hmm no yeah I think we're just gonna go
with this because it looks sorry on your
skin I guess by on my scarf darling you
don't know watch one of my tutorials
well what you can do it I'm going on yes
to come to see how you do okay this is
your your scarf style service whatever
you want to do it's not how I do it but
I'm time to buy if I want to do a turban
but it can be your style turban okay
let's go be my starter exactly what are
you doing gorgeous no wait I'm sorry
I'll bring the scarf down here first
three quarters of the way and can't put
it back on the back of the head and then
I'm just going to fold this over like
this on the topic and then will you love
come on wrong this is not right or wrong
as long as the end result is wearable
and then I do you know what one you can
do it SID I'm just gonna do it halfway
never done back of the head yeah look
for the head yeah yeah
and just take one side wrap it all the
way around
put it down to the side of the head like
this
yeah so I'm gonna do it again with the
other side probably end up oh no it's
quite difficult you know it is Oh what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna bring this
wrong then do that okay yeah
can you put your head on Susie so I'm
gonna bring this round a little bit and
make sort of a finish point I can't say
anything because your lovely biceps
we're gonna come up like this like that
and then we're going to tuck these
shenanigans it now I've got like this
little bit here which I think I need to
just tuck in here I need to take your
not fill the bubble up anyway no not you
not you I am chills this great having
somebody dressed me I can't talk so you
talk for me so what it feels like Sid is
doing is basically concentrating really
hard
so he's like wrapped it around my head
in a funny way in a funny way it's not
funny I mean the end result is looking
like what how I hope they do anyways him
and he's just tucking in the back there
what you said hasn't used any pins so
far so pretty good to be honest with you
okay sometimes you just got to use it
you know you want your head ingenuity
sometimes you just gotta use your
initiative you did initiative nope toss
your head falls or something is going on
okay tilt your head forward I got with
the actually we need another Carla
Santini's Mike welcome
I know what do you mean on in the better
I'm not crap you know I got to do a
puzzle done are you done mister there
you go Oh gives you less better than
mine points if it is a lopsided yeah
it's a lopsided mess see that it's
really neat now Sid don't mess with it
too much because it's actually quite
that's the thing when you on this side
this is big it's a big but that's okay
that could be the style
cuz it's neat if there's a big thing but
it's neat that's what we're going with
and I'm done
okay so coffees this is the full outfit
maybe you should say I'm so Linux Lee oh
I'll sit on the stool then I stalled her
with this this blazer which my gorgeous
model for from TJ Maxx with her pocket
money from mom and dad I worked around
it so use this long top for layering and
then this top was also for layering this
black and white stripy one but what we
did is because dear Dena is a nine
months pregnant
as you can see make a not make a make a
knot for her baby bump so made this kind
of cross all shape and you know how I
like those crosses and it gave Eliza
look at this last just great daddy's
isn't it what you think of that Dena
you're the fashionista I think it's
pretty pretty funky then that needs to
be covered a bit more so it makes the
whole outfit bit more structured so we
pinned the neck a bit higher and matched
it with some tartan trousers from boo
boo yes yes some blue ones and some
funky plimsolls
from Nine West also showed you a quick
way to do a turban it's actually a
hidden talent of my gnome as we can see
I can tie a turban better than all y'all
bitches I was going to go with more
jewelry but I think that's cool minimal
because you've got so loud yeah yeah
very loud I hope you like it if you guys
and girls need any tips from Kearney Z
then do treat me I can't easy on Twitter
really hope you enjoyed this video guys
a thumbs up if you did I never say that
one I think that anyway thanks for
watching until next time
don't give the cover mine let all this
 hang out loops yeah my let it all
hang out
what are you playing that jumped hi guys
today's hi guys so for the past two
hours
music hi guys oh my god
third take you didn't tell you that
though did you hi guys
for take hi guys today's video
highlights 50 stop enough hi guys
