hi guys so for today's video I didn't
get ready with me look because it's
aimed or it was ate a few days ago
depends on this video goes up this is
the pet look for any occasion any
special occasion if you're a guest o
wedding go I don't know if you have like
a ball to go to or a prom or something
like that I don't know if you're in the
circus or if you're in the circus
according to some men most likely I
don't know I feel like it's really
princessy the dress that I'm wearing is
from Barreiro boutique
good embroidery over here so like I
don't know I feel like it's really
vintage girly princessy kind of thing so
anyway I didn't use false lashes
anything like that I just use mascara
because I felt like I use loads of other
products on my face so I thought I'd
just keep that as simple as possible and
I try to do the makeup kind of like all
to me because you know everyone's on the
autumn makeup hype right now but as you
can see behind me it's actually still
really sunny today and the dress is kind
of summery ish so I thought we'd kind of
do the makeup dark ish with summer dress
and we kind of met summer and autumn in
the middle there you know a bit of a
balance cuz I'm not quite ready to let
go yet anyway I don't know where else
I'm saying in this intro I hope you
enjoyed this video and we'll just get
straight into it shall we
I'm gonna attempt to do a voiceover for
you guys for this video here I'm just
moisturizing with my current to
moisturizer which is soap & Glory one
and it has SPF 15 in it and here's me
putting on some lip balm thing all over
those cold sore chapped lips and that
thing that I'm using there is the simple
eye thing that helps to reduce your
wrinkles normally I like to moisturize
with coconut oil or almond oil but not
in the morning so anyway this is my
revolution corrector palette which is
new and I'm just going to take some of
the green and put it on where I think I
have read sections - you know neutralize
or whatever they call that you know um
if I don't remember the names of
everything and
this is going too quick for me to read
it then I will leave or guess what I'm
going to leave all the product details
in the description today amazing anyway
this is the Max Factor I think
foundation skin Luminizer one and it's
in golden I believe and I'm stabbing
that all over my face and blending it
all in like a proper little blender by
the way the brush I'm using is a good
question but I got it from Beauty B
cosmetics check them out online also if
you hear like banging in the background
and noise and clutter that's just said
to cooking in kitchen
this isn't like crazy coverage of it and
it you just doing about yeah I think I'm
just doing one layer here so quite a
light makeup well it's not light at the
end but it's light feeling on the face
that's for sure
what is that the Maybelline age arrays
concealer thing and I used to get this
in a really light color but I've started
to get it in my skin color just to make
my under eye area the same as the rest
of my face basically and I'm just
blending that all over underneath my
eyes on top of my eyelids with my Beauty
Blender
oh and this is an elf concealer and
highlighter duo set thing I'm just
taking the concealer side and I'm
basically highlighting with it just
above my jawline and by my Cupid's bow
leave it under my I mean on top of my
chin and in between my eyebrows because
that's what all the professionals do to
put my nose and underneath my eyes to
brighten the under eye area that's what
they all say isn't it so that's what I'm
doing here
guys this is a 17 contour kit thing one
side is like powder and the other side
is a contour thing and I really love it
because it's cheap and I really like the
powder side and I actually also like the
contour side of it but I'm not using
that today anyway with the powder side
I'm just patting that all underneath and
you know my eyes on top of that
concealer to set it and it's kind of
like that baking thing you know when you
kick your base everybody's doing
nowadays but not really because it's not
a translucent powder and also not really
because I don't leave on long enough and
I also don't put on in our I'm just
brushing my eyebrows into shape because
you know like I said before I'm trying
to grow them out and I'm taking this
Urban Decay eyebrow kit please don't
mind the meanness of it I've had of Ages
and I'm using a powder because I don't
know I felt like it I'm just filling my
eyebrows in with my Mac angled brush and
actually I'm not very happy how these
turned out I can never get my eyebrows
done on camera I can always perfect them
amazingly just on a regular day though
but when I'm filming them they just just
totally fade on me but they'll do for
today
okay this is another contour kick kind
of highlighter contour thing from Buell
pulley that's how you pronounce it and
I'm just using the contour part for this
now arm alongside my cheekbones all the
way down to almost the corner of my
mouth to try and give myself a nice slim
a face and some cake pan because I love
a bit of contour
I'm also gonna put that on my chin the
ball of my chin and along my jawline a
little bit on my neck as well and also
my forehead the sides of my forehead and
my temple and stuff like that and also
the tip of my nose actually and then I'm
going to take my trusty hoola bronzer
with that lovely little brush it has to
contour my nose because I can't contour
my nose we need to save my life and I
find this the easiest way even though I
don't really do very well and I'm just
dusting off that powder that we put on
earlier guys this is the Kiko blusher
duo set and I'm going to take that
orangie Coralie color and smiley bit and
just dab that on the balls of my cheeks
and didn't realize how strong this color
was actually whilst putting it on my
lovely mary lou manizer from the balm
cosmetics i love this bloody highlighter
although I do need a new good one just
putting that all over my cheeks really
and then tip on my nose bit on my
forehead bit around my mouth pretty much
everywhere because you just get that
below
I'm actually just taking this tiny
little cute brush of God and putting
some of that Luminizer under my eyebrows
as well because why not also deciding to
put it and in a corner of my eye where
you cry this is my revolution salvation
palette and it's got loads of eyeshadows
in it the bottom row is all matte so I'm
taking that one I just showed you and I
putting it I believe that's cause of the
crease it's not called the crease yes in
that part way you're I literally like
eyeball dips in basically to give my eye
some depth and we're going to do that on
both eyes and then I'm also gonna bring
it round underneath my waterline using
the other side of that lovely brush I
have I can't remember where it's from I
don't know where any of my brushes are
from but they're all very reasonably
priced that's for sure but actually guys
I have splurged out a little bit on
makeup you know I bought myself a nice
brush as well recently but I'm going to
show you that in my next beauty haul
yippee I'm going back into that palette
and I'm taking that metallic already
color I don't know why I did this but
we'll go with it anyway I'm just patting
that all over my lid as much as I can
basically
and then I'm going to take that other
color up there which is a shimmery one
and I'm going to put that um I think
that's my waterline is that am I going
to do that later yes I believe that's my
waterline and it's a bit darker than the
other one we did yes my waterline and
I'm also good to get on the outer corner
of my eye too just to try and make the
whole thing look nice basically and
blending of course so guys this is just
the Max Factor black eyeliner cutoff
thing actually it's not black I lied
it's brown and I'm putting that inside
my eye and it tips because I haven't
sharpened it very well this is my Max
Factor translucent powder i love this
favorite powder ever really actually use
this under my eyes but it just gets so
messy anyway I just Pat it away some
eyeshadow day and now I'm curling my
eyelashes so that I can go ahead and
apply some mascara my mascara is the
telescopic one that's totally worn out
did someone say telescopes
so as Deena instructed applied the
telescope in an orderly fashion upwards
angle using the that one the wand effect
expect us patronum so keep going in on
eyelashes until you get that spider like
effect or look oh and this is the soft
ochre Paint Pot that we're using or less
posh people like this hey or Kyle I'm
just using my Mac a soft ochre Paint Pot
to conceal under my eyebrows because
like I told you before wasn't happy with
them and I still I'm not happy with them
after this anyway and then I'm taking
the black shadow from the same
revolution palette and darkening up the
edges of my eyes and blending in just to
try and ah just try and make it look
nice and then going in for a second coat
of mascara this is my collection mm
chocolate lip liner and we're gonna like
what's the help sorry about my computer
just talking randomly there anyway
lining all of my lips and Ashley filling
in with this whole
lipliner actually I'm using this Kiko
lipstick or my voluptuous lips to
lighten the color and add more depth and
layers and you know good going in with
the Revlon color blast to make what as I
was saying to make it liked her honey
boo boo yeah so this is the Mac fixing
spray which I'm using if you guys don't
know much about makeup and stuff I
compare it to you know paint in a car
and then you add the clear seal on the
end or doing up your fences with the
clear seal so that's what it's for this
is me posing that's the makeup look done
guys now we'll go straight onto the
scarf this scarf is just some russet
fablet fabric that I picked up and cut
into size for my head so you missed the
first section but you've got to get the
scarf and wrap it either bun down and up
after you got the bandana and ting wrap
like that you're gonna cross over on the
back now this is going back to the front
you're gonna get one of the sides and
loop it right the way around your head
and just tuck it in tuck it in make sure
you get the twisties in the motion after
you get the twisties you're gonna flail
out the other end like so wrap it right
the way around but make sure this side
is very thick or thick the english would
say now when you've got that side you're
gonna scratch up the end like so I'm
gonna squeeze it at the bottom and tuck
it up into that hunan a when you gotta
who nanny tucked in um try and fix the
front get it all you know even in that
ah you're gonna stick some pins in where
needed and when the whole croissant is
nicely in shape you're gonna get some
earrings these are my earrings I got
from Istanbul on holiday guys anyway
sorry about Sid butting in there but you
guys liked it so much in my last makeup
video so hope I bring it back for a
little voiceover anyway here's me
accessorizing my outfit this is a dress
from bahia boutique my clutch is H&M and
my jewelry is also H&M in neck
this is actually a anklet from Primark
that I put on my neck right snuggly and
here's the lovely outfit enjoy yet
thanks for watching guys til next time
keep it gangster a goober in my part
