it's my last chance to spend a weekend
away with Sid before baby preparation
takes over our lives basically and
before we become parents obviously for
the first time since become a dad as
well so we decided to go to London
because to be honest with you I can't go
anywhere else because I'm too heavy
pregnant on our way to London there's no
way I'm driving cos isn't the way we
haven't been to London in ages London
has great food did actually turn out to
be a weekend of food food food food and
more food
Sid drove to be honest with you I've
started to hate car journeys because
they're so uncomfortable I don't know my
temperatures always so I get hot really
easily and I always want the car window
open and Sid always wants it closed so I
hate car journeys I spent most of the
journey eating fruit and trying to fall
asleep whilst listening to the radio
after about two hours of driving we
finally get to London and we decided to
park in West Hampstead it's free all
weekend and ain't nobody got time for
parking at the Landmark Hotel for 40
pounds a night when you get a baby on
the way I said yeah if you guys know
London you know that the parking in
London is an absolute joke that's why
anyone with the brain just gets public
transport there please don't mind all
the noise upstairs it's just doing some
DIY in my room seeing as we parked in
West Hampstead right next to where my
sister lives we thought we'd pop in and
say hello to my sister and my brother
right Yusef before we made our way to
the hotel that we booked for one night
old ladies lugging our suitcase around
I'm gonna go Marylebone
we get to the hotel and Sid decides to
cross the road to get this shot
specifically so I'm just waiting cuz I'm
happy with the shot from here we just
waiting to check in not with it
to be honest with you our day hasn't
started but kind of already tired but we
need to eat that we don't need anything
yet so we get our room keys what are you
doing we're such losers filming what we
won Deena guys I mistook our room number
4 3 4 4 when it's 3 4 1 and we just
tried opening the door at somebody and
he opened and he was an Arab mad and
because I saw he was not I hope I just
went it doesn't what is it in me Oh
what's this works not to find the
correct room we're finally in the right
room thankfully here's I'll give you a
quick overview of the room yay you know
get out on this puzzle the pillows akina
yeah it's a nice room let me show you
guys the bathroom because the bathroom
always well well done said Oh what's
this where's the other side this is way
too zoomed in woo woo we also had a
really nice view of the Winter Garden
that they have in the Landmark Hotel
which is just an indoor garden slash
restaurant whatever but it was really
nice because it looked like it was an
outdoor thing what's wrong do you know
just a little bit sizing landlords
anyway after freshening up obviously we
were gonna head back out again to go in
search for some food
ah la la then well sir
Lugano mama Oh oh crap
bye-bye Pepe fine fine over thee fine
fine oh not before taking pictures and
filming my outfit of the day of course
being a blogger and all that this is the
one who takes most of if not all of my
photos and videos for him to do that of
course he headed to the tube station we
needed to get to Oxford Street we had
like two or three restaurants in mind
and they were all like kind of close to
each other guys we just came off Oxford
Street and it was absolutely packed and
we're kind of just thinking why did we
come to London again why did we think
this was going to be relaxing but it's
okay I want adventure before baby comes
along and we decided to go to Stax diner
which is a famous for chicken and
waffles and it's hello we didn't
actually want the chicken and waffles
but we just felt like going for a fat
munch we were told that it was going to
be a 45-minute wait are you having a
laugh mate while we're waiting around we
spotted a little baby shop called carry
me home so we thought we'd go and check
that out although it's supposed to be a
weekend away before baby preparation and
hectic parenting and whatever else to
expect as new parents obviously baby and
baby stuff is still very much on the
brain found some really really cute
things and ended up buying a few things
as well which I'll probably show you in
like a baby shopping haul soon or
something like that by the time we were
done at the baby shop we got the call to
say our table was ready
yay the food smelled flippin amazing
I ordered just a regular chicken burger
I think it's like chicken burger with
caramelized beef bacon oh my god the
food of that chicken was seriously the
best burger me and said have ever had it
was insane this is ridiculous I have to
use a knife and fork
cuz there's no way I can get back we
just saying stuff we didn't just eat it
I mean you know we just we we ate we ate
it was oh my god uncle here your stuff
it was actually the best I gave you
burger baby Oh 17 oh we can have another
one tomorrow I don't give you're
that good like I said once again a
little later we got some the other
things we walked around for a little bit
through Chinatown up to all the lights
decided to go to haagen-dazs for some
ice cream on the way we saw lots of
people singing and dancing I think
they're Buddhists and they were doing
the famous Harry Krishna singing and
chanting which was quite entertaining
okay
anyway we finally get to haagen-dazs we
get seated upstairs in some comfortable
seating actually we placed our order and
for some reason it took ages to arrive
and I almost fell asleep waiting because
I was that tired we got ice cream filled
macaroons and we also got a hot
chocolate pudding brownie things with
just regular vanilla ice cream and 212
ammo thing I love like a hot cake with
cold ice cream alarm darts amazing
totally indulging their fix my small
that concludes our night guys we're on
the way back to the hotel gonna get into
some nice Jim jams gonna have a nice hot
bath
ginger ginger and Radames and I'ma go to
sleep I'll make up nice and early
tomorrow okay
by that point I was seriously tired and
I so said attempted to carry me up a few
stairs obviously that I failed because
I'm about 70 kgs right now I've had
enough of stairs please
this is gonna carry me home in
Birmingham we don't have a bath we just
have a shower I've been dying to have
like a nice relaxing bath for a while so
I tried to make the bath as bubbly as
possible but I actually forgot to bring
like bath bubbles and stuff with me so I
just attempted it with shower gel that
the hotel provided why bar it's not
family enough I didn't bring any bubble
bath it's not months while I'm running
the bath I'm gonna remove my makeup the
power of nature got ready for bed just
some very light bedtime reading with the
magazines provided as well and then
pretty much knocked out it was the best
sleep I've had in ages I've been finding
it really difficult to sleep actually
anyway we set our alarms for 7:00 a.m.
the next morning and we actually did get
up at 7 a.m. quite surprisingly
wakey-wakey 7 a.m. I end my clothes
start to get ready put my face on
obviously and all that nice we checked
out and now we're going
to meet to see and my brother
a Jewish men disease reindeers and then
me and said have some opportunity here
since the lugging the suitcase around
the tubes obviously and I'm just
carrying my regular handbag if I wasn't
pregnant I'd help him but milking it on
the way to West Hampstead I met a lovely
girl from Malaysia who was here studying
and we chatted for a bit on the tube and
then obviously took selfies and just had
the laugh basically anyway we're waiting
for my sister to get ready she's taking
ages obviously because we're females and
that's what we do hey looks like the
rain days aren't happening today because
basically Richmond focusing and we have
time so we can I'm sorry that my family
decided then to head to Hampstead to go
and search for somewhere to have some
rent waiting at the bus stop and a guy
just drives into the side road next to
us with his boot wide open and a bunch
of tin beans just falling out of his
boot these peas just fell out over the
over car don't worry we gave him his
beans back besides we are in the
Franklin Mint Oh can I have some please
absolutely delicious I was obviously
vlogging for you guys this is what I do
for you guys and you know self iing
snapchatting all that stuff and I didn't
realize it but there were quite a few
people giving me some funny looks while
I was doing that obviously we were
stuffed again so we decided to walk
around Hampstead a little bit because
the weather was good and then of course
it was time for outfit of the day
pictures and videos again said doing a
wonderful job of that of course and then
actually what happened is a bird shat on
Syd's hat and he was super super annoyed
about it and we also spent about half an
hour trying to clean it off his hat and
so therefore I couldn't film because I
was helping him clean it and also he was
too annoyed to get on camera but here's
a scene of us on the bus instead and we
headed back towards Oxford Street
because we were going to sketch London
which is down that end got some frozen
yogurt on the way because I'm in London
and I'm fat why not sketches like a
place where they have loads of different
rooms and bars and things like that it
have this one pink and gold Rose Room
where people have afternoon tea there
guys look
sitting on the girly chair I've been
wanting to go to sketch for a long long
long long long time so I was super tough
that we finally managed to go guys like
I don't think I can get over this is
like the coolest bottom of ever been to
ever everybody okay my distinct over
here like what is that I don't gasps oh
cool
I had the best time in the loo ever you
know great oh I got shade the ceilings
okay I'm finally done with the toilet
guys okay I could have spent ages in it
they can picture
okay sis tricks to me going are you done
yeah I'm living that long also at the
bottom of our mugs was like a really
cute message the best part of the
afternoon tea there was the scones with
the clotted cream
and the strawberry and fig jam oh my god
that was delicious
probably consumed about 800 calories
just in the afternoon tea session guys
we're so full of tea we couldn't have
more tea even if we tried
what is happy Morty thank you we got the
rest of our and cake sister back
just finished in you know where where we
sketch whoop and basically I'm stuffed
anyway I just thought I tell you guys
the waitress in there when she took her
bill she was like I just have to tell
you your makeup is amazing I was like
thank you I really tried extra hard
today thank you very much knowing that
made money and I've also can be to the
blogging well since a just now is that
basically my skull picks for Knoxville
and it's doing my bloody edit acids
guys don't want behind me but with all
these people weird let's you just
walking around Leicester Square and dogs
history and all these areas trying to
figure out where to eat even though we
are comparative that you said starboard
so we're gonna go somewhere to eat and
then it's gonna be time for me it's a
really really know immature people
mature in the tools behind it we're
trying to dude try doing a citron can't
do the SICU mouth no he'll know going to
a little takeaway place called schnitzel
to get some takeaway sandwiches it's a
Jewish place so it's kosher I've walked
enough for like another year they mean
said messing around on the new snapchat
update which I'm sure you've all tried
by now we get back to the flat and I
change into something comfortable ready
for the journey home and ready to stuff
my face with this great big falafel
sandwich as well just so happens to be
the same pink jumper that I'm wearing
right now actually it's my sister's
thanks to see it's from gap if anybody
wants to know thanks for joining me and
said on our little London trip until
next time bye
