whoo hi guys I'm back with another video
obviously today I'm going to be
basically sharing with you guys my
semi-permanent eyelash experience I put
on Instagram like a day ago that I was
going to share my experience with you um
I got semi-permanent eyelash extensions
about two weeks ago they are no longer
on my eyes right now I have fake lashes
on and they came off about a week ago
I've had semi-permanent eyelashes twice
and the first time I got them was
because I was going on holiday to Turkey
and so I wanted um eyelashes so that
everything's nice and easy for me and I
don't have to do my mascara every day
etc when I was going to be adventurous
and stuff so I just cooked bothered so I
had them done back in June and then I
had them done recently because I am
pregnant and mascara was becoming a bit
of an effort for me basically so a lot
of you guys have a lot of questions
about semi-permanent eyelash extensions
and I thought I'd do this video because
I also had these questions before I had
them done but I found out for myself by
getting them done so I haven't done in
Cardiff on a road called City Road so
salon called Wonderland nails and they
mainly do nails but they also do eyelash
extensions pedicures and some other kind
of like skin treatments and stuff like
that but I heard good reviews about them
so that's why I decided to go there if
you guys want some eyelash extensions I
would also suggest making sure that you
go somewhere with really really amazing
reviews as well the end of the day these
are your eyes so you need like somebody
that you can kind of trust so they only
cost 35 pounds which i think is quite
cheap compared to most other places and
most other prices and they are supposed
to last about 4 weeks both times that
I've had them however they only lasted
I'm gonna say maximum 10 days but that
is actually only because of me I really
really enjoyed getting I actually
sentence however I'm the kind of person
who always fiddles with her eyes and I
always play with my eyelashes and rub my
eyes etc so I wasn't particularly
therefore with the
first time they lasted about 10 days the
second time they lasted about week
because basically after about a week I
wanted them off anyway and so I just
sort of removed them myself with oil but
if you are super super careful with them
then it can last for four weeks I know
people who have had them for four week
so let me tell you how it all works you
go to a salon they take you inside a
nice little room they play really nice
and um they play really nice what's it
called calming music they play karmic
music because obviously if it's the
first time you're getting your eyelashes
done as well I said it's scary a bit
freaky because like somebody's gonna be
fiddling with your eyes I was really
worried about how they actually apply it
but to my surprise my first session I
completely fell asleep I knocked out it
takes about an hour and a half to get a
full set of semi-permanent eyelashes and
you can choose what kind of lashes you
want so they had options from party ones
which were like great big row ones
although they have the natural ones I
got the natural ones and the full set
took an hour and a half to do so I laid
down to clean your eyes basically like a
cleanser whatever really soothing and
then you have to look up and then they
get a tape and they tape your bottom
lash light like that and that's the only
uncomfortable bit and it's not even that
uncomfortable like the second time I had
it done I was like yeah go on all
underneath here and it's not like a mega
sticky tape so when you take it off it
hurts or anything it's just it's just
off to protect your bottom lashes from
the glue and to separate your bottom
lashes from the top ones as well
especially on the corners when she
applies them and she's got a tape on you
just close your eyes basically and the
lady goes ahead and put sort of like the
eyelash pieces over here on the tape
with glue and just starts working her
way attaching each piece of fake eyelash
onto one of your real ones and like they
really don't miss an eyelash out like
every single one of my real eyelashes
had a fake one attached to it like every
single one you don't realize how many
eyelashes you actually have because even
the really small ones at the front half
thick ones attached to it they use a
glue
not sure what the glue contains and that
however some people I think are allergic
to the glue
I wasn't handle air although I didn't
check beforehand really I should've and
I would advise anybody who might be
worried terminal allergic reaction go to
whatever Cylon they're thinking about us
to have like his glue test as well
before you get them done because the
last thing you want is an allergic
reaction by eyes I found the whole thing
very very relaxing when she was done so
you kind of have to stay with you guys
closed for a little bit and then she
tells you to open your eyes and that
bits a bit bit weird cuz it's like uh
it's not really it's not really that way
that's kind of like when you just wake
up in the morning so yeah open your eyes
and then she just dries them a little
bit with a mirror and then you look in
the mirror and you're like wow look at
my eyelashes this is amazing I thought
they'd feel really heavy and really like
wait it might take me a while to get
used to them but they were so light and
so fluttery they don't feel like you
have false lashes on that is annoying
for me false lashes on all day I can't
wait to take them off but these feel
really really light really natural and
you can't sort of like see them
fluttering around on the corner of your
eyes so it's not annoying at all they
give you a little like a mascara rush
thing and they tell you not to touch
them for a few hours and also not to put
any water on them whatsoever for a few
hours just so that the glue can
completely set they also tell you that
they might look a bit weird now but
tomorrow when you wake up they'll look a
lot better
and that is exactly what happened the
next day I woke up I was like oh wow
they've sort of set and laid really
nicely on mice then I had to explain
that so the mascara brush they give you
is because whenever like they might get
they might go a bit criss-crossed later
on during the week and that it's instead
of just doing it the fingers you just
sort of brush it with the dried mascara
brush I was a little bit wary about
wearing eye makeup at first because I
was like how am I gonna get it off the
woman at the counter she had that one as
well and I was like so like you shower
and you wash your face you do everything
totally normally she was like I shower
every day and I washed my face and I
wash my hair and it's completely fine
don't worry about it don't
obviously rub your eyes too much common
sense isn't it so you're not going to
rub your eyes too much etc because then
you might pull them out and things like
that but um anyway after after like one
day I showered with them totally wet my
face and everything and it was
completely fine they tell you not to
towel dry your eyes when you do weapons
and just to let the eyelashes dried
naturally with air so I was doing that
and obviously that was completely fine
and then after a few days I did wear eye
makeup with it but I shadow but I found
that you really don't need that much
makeup with it at all because the
eyelashes just look great by themselves
but when I did wear makeup when I came
to remove it I would remove it with um
really small eye makeup wipes and then I
would also wash my face with a face wash
I wouldn't get the face wash on my eyes
I would just get clear water on my side
Pat my eyes with clean water like that
so my eyes felt normal refreshed like
they would normally sometimes they got a
little bit itchy
I think they got itchy I think my eyes
just got itchy and because I was being
careful about scratching my eyes then I
felt like they were more itchy but I
think my eyes were just itching
regularly a lot of you guys have been
asking if you wear mascara with them no
they tell you you can't wear any mascara
with it and you don't need to at all
like it's completely pointless getting
them if you're still planning on wearing
mascara because the whole point is to
not have to do your mascara or falsies
right so no I didn't wear any mascara
with mine whatsoever
they also tell you not to use any oil
based products because oil is what helps
to remove your eyelashes or both times I
had them I actually never went back to
the salon to get them removed
professionally although you should do
that and if you do that then you
shouldn't lose and any extra eyelashes
and then what falls out naturally on
your day to day because I thought I was
in Cardiff and I live in Birmingham so I
was like I'm just going to get rid of
myself the first time I was terrible I
literally sat there and pulled them all
out and I lost loads of my real
eyelashes because of that and common
sense obviously if you're going to pull
something out you're going to lose them
and
knew that I just wanted to get them off
but thankfully it took about two weeks
and two weeks of everyday
coconut oil rubbing on my eyes to get my
lashes back to normal the second time I
had them done and I removed them this
time using coconut oil and that really
really helped they literally fell off
without my actual eyelashes I did lose
some eyelashes obviously but this time
around it didn't lose anywhere near as
much as the first time around but you do
take them off after having them in for
like a week and you do feel really like
you've lost a lot eyelashes and like
that your eyes are really bare but
they're not you're just used to having
the long ones and I know that for sure
they cause basically I filmed my lashes
before and I feel my eyelashes after
there's only a little bit I lost I think
and you can see that now in the footage
the false lashes are synthetic they're
not human hair and or animal hair it
would be stupid if they were human hair
because if humans had eyelashes like
that then they wouldn't need the eyelash
extension something they are attached
right from the base of where your
eyelash grows for example if one of them
was to fall out I pick it up and I'd see
my eyelash with it as well
your eyelash is still visible so when
you clean your eyes water still gets
onto your eyelashes so a lot of you guys
what asking doesn't make your natural
eyelashes fall out more than normal and
again I think with common sense if you
think about hair extensions and the
weight that's added to your hair um and
apply that to eyelash extensions then
yes it would make them fall out more but
if you are really careful with them you
don't fit around with them but
whatsoever then the idea of it is that
your natural eye lashes fall now on a
day-to-day basis anyway you just don't
notice it obviously have fun because
they're so small or whatever the
extensions will fall out with those from
underneath and then your new ones grow
on top so for example if you if you're
not wearing makeup now just go ahead and
pull gently on your on your lashes and
you'll see a few come out I think over
prolonged period of time if you were to
get eyelash extensions all the time and
then just
go get the in fills every now and then
then it is going to make your real
eyelashes weaker obviously and you'll
have less in the long run just like you
would with hair extensions if you wear
hair extensions all the time or if you
have a weave in all the time I would
only go and get these and if I have like
an event or if I have a week of it of
events or if I'm going on holiday again
or if I'm pregnant again and I can't be
bothered doing mascara for example they
are really amazing when you wake up like
you just like ready when you go in
somewhere with no makeup lights like I
look great this is great this is
fantastic
when I first haven't done I was really
conscious because I was like well these
look like really obvious I look like my
false lashes this is stupid but I went
home to my mom and she was like oh wow
they look really natural they just look
like you've got really great eyelashes I
was like oh great
I trust my mom's opinion in everything
so to me that was like confirmation that
these looked good I found after about
four days of me being very not careful
with them by the way me really fiddling
with them rubbing on them me completely
acting like I don't have them whatsoever
you'll see in this footage that I
obviously didn't have as much as the
beginning towards the end of the week to
be honest with you they were really
annoying me because like I said I really
like to fiddle with my eyes and that
especially when I'm just home watching
TV or something my hands need to be
doing something so I would live to just
be like and then if one came out I'd be
like oh that's kind of satisfying let me
pull another one out that's like that's
how I would be so towards the end of the
week you can just see there's a lot less
there by the end of the week I was like
you know what I'm just gonna get some
oil and get rid of them all now the
first time you put mascara on it feels
like they're just completely ruined and
they go all jagged and weird I think
that is just in the mind because then
the second time you wear mascara I found
that they look totally normal so my mom
has really really liked eyelashes and a
lot less than me and my sister and I can
imagine if she was to get them done she
would lose a lot more or he would seem
that way because she didn't have as much
as us in the first place just gonna go
on the questions
you guys left just to check that I've
covered everything if you wear contact
lenses I think it's completely fine to
wear them I know a few people who have
them with contact lenses but obviously
just like everything you just probably
sees tick more care when you put them on
but honestly these lashes it once
they're on E they just feel like your
real lashes they don't they're not in
the way or anything also I would suggest
not using eyelash curlers with them
whatsoever you don't need to because
they're already naturally killed you can
as well go and get other alternatives
guys like they don't have to be the ones
that last for four weeks you can get
ones that actually does for one week or
two weeks and therefore that would mean
that the glue isn't as strong maybe you
want to try those out instead before
committing to like the four week one it
needs to be done in moderation if you
become an addict you probably will lose
all your eyelashes over time and but
once or twice a year maybe I think is
completely fine Helen else and what else
did you guys ask you asked me about fer
your eye on some duct or else oh I think
I've covered everything guys I hope I
have I'm thinking of getting an eyelash
lift next time which i think is like an
eyelash perm basically where they curl
your eyelashes I can imagine that to be
super handy because my natural eyelashes
are super straight and facing downwards
and also film a similar video to this
for that so you guys can know that's
like on my phone I actually have a list
of all the kind of videos I have planned
to do over the next few weeks months etc
but it's always good to know what you
guys actually want to see rather than
what I want to film so please leave your
suggestions for videos below and I will
add them to my list it shot a lot so
yeah that's it guys I hope you enjoyed
this video thanks for watching and all
that yeah until next time
