hi guys so today's video basically I'm
jus a maternity update video I think I
announced I was pregnant like I think
was about six videos ago and I said I
would try and do update videos for it so
this is me trying to do that since the
announcement it's been a few weeks and I
think I was 20 oh look how I have
already our breath just from talking I
think when I announced I was 26 maybe 20
26 weeks I think anyway now I am 30
weeks and 4 days and but by the time you
see this video I will probably be about
31 weeks pregnant so basically for
people who don't know about weeks cuz I
did know but like either that means that
I'm about seven months into my seventh
month of pregnancy and I can really feel
it now I really feel pregnant though if
you can see but my stomach has grown
ridiculously naege it's grown like crazy
there it is Oh mister bag dough because
I'm already out of breath and basically
yeah I just really feel I can always
feel my stomach there and it's like I
always have to pick up my stomach when I
get out of bed you know we're all over
to the side I have to be like Oh
roll over it's just I feel really really
pregnant basically ham delay and all
that I don't know how else to describe
it other than to show you this picture
that's basically exactly how I feel
pretty much cannot wait for pregnancy to
be over now as well uh because I really
miss being able to like sit down and
then like get up without feeling like
this really big pressure over here I'm
just like stomach goes really hard to do
we really miss being able to like bend
bend down or bend bend over to pick
something up and my stomach just folding
into itself rather than sticking out and
making everything really difficult to do
oh I get so out of breath man really
last time I think I told you I was you
know trying my best to keep healthy and
do some exercise and things like that
light exercise and I've still been
trying to do that and now I have also
put on a bit of weight I've put on
approximately
three almost four kgs in weight it had a
massive subway I just had a footlong
subway and it was amazing most
successful meal ever sometimes I have a
meal and I can only have a tiny bit
because I get full easily but sometimes
like today I can have a footlong subway
and have another one I could easily have
had another one but obviously I didn't
because that's taken the make a little
bit so I'm still been trying to work out
nothing too strenuous everything I've
been doing is a prenatal stuff that I
find on YouTube from like fitness
instructors and things like that I know
that these kind of workouts I would find
super super easy if I wasn't pregnant I
was fighting them really really easy at
the beginning of pregnancy but now
they're a little bit more difficult to
keep up with I started to feel really
like oh all the time and sometimes just
get depressed because I feel all the
time but every time I do a little bit of
a workout even if it's just ten minutes
it makes me feel better
automatically so obviously that's a good
thing and I should continue to do that
because it should help me in labor and
it should help me post baby as well to
get back into shape or just to recover
or whatever exercise is always good
isn't it make sure you actually drop
down get all that and vice and
everything or one of my favorite
workouts is the what's-her-name Andrea
known on mmm she's got a YouTube channel
Jessica something Jessica TV or
something
I'll leave the link for her channel in
the description there's loads of things
if you just put into YouTube there's
loads of different workouts I mean if
you're pregnant and you want that hello
chat Flynn you can try whatever workouts
are comfortable for you you know I mean
because what do they always say it's
your body is your pregnancy just go at
your pace and all that so time eat
healthy not like crazy healthy or
anything just to be honest with you I've
just been still counting my calorie
intake just to make sure I'm lying way
too much but also to make sure I'm lying
too little which would never happen
anyway a few videos ago told you guys
about the graze boxes I've been getting
this graze box just arrived today this
time around I've opted for the graze
light box which means that every little
packet of food in the graze box is
150 calories or less which means I can
have a really nice stress-free recipe I
can have really nice easy I can have a
really enjoyable snack time basically
without worrying about eating too much
crap so limit le what I got in my grace
box this week
last week's one I already had it said
had half of it as well cuz he's gonna
sit there I each at this was called
beach bum and it's got pineapple coconut
banana num num-num Kern pops which is
cheddar popped corn kernels and mini
basil breadsticks
num num num gah Verne ah fee dippers
which is banana shortbread with toffee
sauce mate you want something a bit
sweet and then the last one I've got is
black pepper pistachios
I love pistachios I just want to quickly
try the beach bum one now if you don't
mind cuz I love a little coconut flakes
mmm a little coconut eggs mm-hmm there
are some phenomena anyway I haven't
snapped on a tin today so that's why I'm
I just snuck through just this one pun
it today through this video and then
I'll leave the others for the other
would you like so are you gonna have
some chap here oh you like the coconut
do you okay there you go oh you're
really going for that mmm I can't have
that after you if you're a little bit
health-conscious like me you guys can
get yourself a free graze light box as
well just use the code in my description
and you can get free one by the way
grace has loads and loads of different
box options not just the light one
they've got the lights calorie
controlled box which is what I have they
have protein boxes they have kids boxes
as well they also have a savoury box so
you can go online and check out all the
kinds of boxes that they had I just
picked the calorie controlled one
because like I said I'm trying to
control those calories also making my
snacks a bit more interesting during
this pregnancy okay so told you about my
workout told you about what I'm eating
told you about the size of my stomach
where else am I telling you oh yeah me
instead also went for a scan an extra
scan actually they decided to put us in
for an extra scan just to check the
growth of the baby and stuff like that
we were like oh my god should we just
ask sorry these are so tasty shall we
just ask for the lady to tell us the sex
of this baby and we were like oh we
don't know if we should we'll just see
what happens and anyway during the scan
I was like oh can you see you Willy she
was like oh la you are and I'll just
leave it at that because I'm not going
to tell you because as well you might
you never really 100% sure until you
actually deliver the child and shuttle
also however I told you about names last
one didn't I oh my god you guys left so
many name suggestions in the last video
you left like there's literally hundreds
and that is so nice of you because I
really read through all of those and I
really got some ideas so thank you for
that
Philip me to leave more name suggestions
totally don't mind oh my god that's what
happened last Wednesday my was it called
sick my sciatica happened not my
sciatica happened but basically I got
sciatica is that what school you get
their dinner basically you have a
sciatic nerve on the back of your hip
that goes all the way down your leg or
even to your feet I think and what
happens during a pregnancy at some point
to most women I think is that is that it
starts hurting because there's pressure
on it and that's happened to me since
last Wednesday I'm filming this on
Tuesday so since last Wednesday I've
been walking around limping I've been
walking around like a pregnant woman
basically like this or basically I've
been doing that and that's probably why
I feel super pregnant now that's
happened and I've been trying to ease
the pain with that with it and sciatic
nerve pain relief stretches or whatever
today actually was the first time I
exercised in five days and I found the
exercising okay a bit more difficult
because of the pain but I'm sitting like
move sitting squats and stretches and
that actually relieve the pain so that's
a good thing as well I still haven't
bought any baby stuff yeah I haven't
bought anything for this baby which is
really bad
but me and Sid said that we are going to
stop
well sorry me and see me insert also by
the way my memories completely just I
don't have memory anymore I just forget
everything completely forget everything
they answered have decided and shot law
that we are going to start decorating
that little box room that we've got
upstairs as a little nursery / baby
storage like not to store the baby in
baby store baby stuff store it in so
hopefully you guys will see us doing the
decoration and all that stuff in our
vlogs because technically and you know a
full term of pregnancy is 40 weeks right
so if I'm at like let's say 31 by the
time you see this loads of people give
birth at like 37 weeks so I mean I could
potentially only have 7 weeks left I
could have only 4 weeks left
I could actually only have 2 or 3 weeks
left you know I mean it's still
confusing looking at what you need for a
baby I mean not what you need because we
all know you just the basics kind of but
it's so difficult looking at all these
like a like a different prams and
different like slings a different baby
carrier vest carrying carrier baby here
is so confusing to know what to get o
however I did get sent something in the
post from company called baby moon birth
which is a like prenatal company baby
moon birth is supporting you through
pregnancy and birth the website is baby
moon birth calm so check it out if
you're pregnant and you want some
support and some like that they have
loads of advice online and they have
loads of things where they organize like
classes and like online network where
you can talk to other mums and just nice
things like that basically they sent me
this nice a little like Welcome hamper
hey I ruined it a little bit because I
opened it then I was like oh don't open
it yet let me save it for the video
anyway it's like a little flower bouquet
made up of like baby stuff so for
example opened one and there's a little
baby so baby she also advised me to eat
loads and loads of dates during my
pregnancy because apparently that helps
with labor when you come to give birth
apparently women who eat dates during
their pregnancy or labor more likely to
have easier births because dates really
soften your cervix so I love dates so
obviously I've been stuffing my face
with those anyway I've been like
you know stalking pregnant ladies on
Instagram and like pregnant related
Instagram pages and stuff and basically
I mean I came across this lady who makes
this t-shirt and it's called the I think
it's called the maternity countdown
t-shirt I've got that coming in the post
racing and it's the cutest thing ever
man I haven't got it now so I can't show
you but I'll be posting that on
Instagram whenever I do get it anyway to
try and prevent myself from getting
stretch marks on my stomach I've been
using coconut oil almond oil buy your
oil and pregnancy stretch mark cream
from boots so literally every day I just
pick whichever one I fancy using that
day so I've got your changing my light
up in here sit but you want to be in my
pregnancy update legitimate hello come
on use your baby to sit down to go have
some grease hmm
it did take ages about it just sit no
guys don't picked up my coconut flakes
really really been enjoying having actor
Mel allure back to Mel yum-yum-yum and
still going to a toilet just as much as
in beginning because it the baby
obviously likes to really just sit on my
bladder
yeah so if I have a sip of water I'm
like oh I need the loo which makes going
out really really difficult sometimes
you always need the loo and it's just
annoying where we can do for skill I'm
so this videos all over the place but
this is what the time I suppose he does
you guys say so many nice things about
the new baby inshallah when he does
arrive or when she arrives etc I can't
wait to meet the new Khan and I just
want to tell you that it's gonna be a
joke here I'm joking I'm totally joking
obviously he's gotta be Khan because of
Stimac little ticks the father's name
well I would like to tell you is that
I'm not sure yet how I feel about
putting pictures of my a child online on
social media on any form of social media
and I probably feel like that because
I'm on social media publicly I probably
feel like that more strongly than other
people
I think even if I wasn't let's say a
public a public
Instagrammer or a public youtuber etc I
wouldn't be comfortable with putting
pictures up of my baby all my children
uh on even just my private Facebook
account or my private snapchat or my
private Instagram just online in general
because thing is about online is once
something goes online it's up there
forever because once it goes online as
well you can't control happens to that
bitches when our parents had us our
generation basically we well you know
they didn't have this crazy internet
thing where they had to put everything
on the internet they had just cameras
they have to go develop the pictures and
that's why we all have lovely pictures
in shoeboxes at home on the shelf
today's kids are born with like they
don't have a choice whether they want to
go online and all I'm not going to
deprive myself and Syd completely from
posting up pictures obviously we're
going to want to put up a picture like
of a little baby foot or a little baby
hand or you know like oh baby clothes
and things like that but I just don't
know about showing the identity which
would mean face is going to think about
when they grow up how they might feel
like I feel about that the consequence
is like you don't know what's gonna
happen the teacher just things like that
really so I don't know how I feel but I
think I might not be happy with any
pictures posted off my baby online if
there are any other mums with that rule
let me know down below so we can chat
talk about these things I hope you
enjoyed this video and I will see you on
my next one in short laughs thanks
watching till next time bye
