hi guys so today's my job is gonna be a
makeup tutorial yay a few videos ago I
did my cadet tutorial and a lot of you
guys requested for me to do that makeup
look that I had in that video as a
tutorial I try to do it as best as I
could because I can't remember what the
look was exactly but I remember what
lashes I used etc so it's summertime
glam kind of look I guess it depends
where you're going if you're a big
makeup wearer whether this is daytime or
not but it kind of is daytime because
even if you go to like a wedding or
something most weddings in the summer or
during the daylight even if it is in the
evening I'm going to a few weddings this
summer this is the kind of look I'm
going to be trying to do hopefully if I
can remember it anyway I can always look
back at this video if you want to see
how to do this look guys then please
continue watching so here I am
completely bare based and I'm just gonna
moisturize my face with this
so can glory youthful moisturizer and it
has SPF 50 in it
and then I'm gonna take my Maybelline
eraser concealer and I'm just gonna put
that underneath my eyes and anywhere
else that needs concealing which is most
of my face I've got this color actually
I'm exactly matching to my face or as
much as I could anyway instead of the
usual lighter shades I go for
I'm just taking my Sigma foundation
brush to blend that all in
here comes the soft ochre Paint Pot from
Mac I'm going to dab all over my eyelids
and then just take my finger and blend
it all in properly
here I've got my anastasia beverly hills
dipbrow eyebrow filler and this is in
the shade chocolate I'm just going to
get my Mac angled brush and put a
generous amount on there
just working my way through my eyebrows
brushing it through and then also
working in an upward motion to spread
all of that product evenly
okay guys my Oprah sorry about that guys
anyway just go ahead and fill in the
other eyebrow it looks really harsh but
I am gonna blend it all in properly
fYI if you want to know what eye brow
brand using it's just regular shoe
polish I already told them what brand
I'm using this is my face affinity
compact foundation in the color golden
and I'm just basically going to Pat that
all over my face with the foam thingy
that is provided with it
this is my sleek natural palette and I
have an Ecotools brush I'm using one end
and I'm just grabbing the white color
I'm just putting that in the inner
corner of my eyes
also just printing that directly
underneath my eyebrows just on the brow
bone to highlight as well
I'm taking this lovely dusted kind of
orange color I'm just putting that all
over my lid
this is a angled eyeshadow brush that I
picked up on eBay and I'm just gonna go
and mix the dark brown with the black
and line the bottom of my eye with it as
if it's eyeliner
then I'm taking the color and I'm
putting it into the corners of my eye
and brushing it upwards and then
literally just in a blend blend blend
blend blend
you
and then you guys can just go ahead and
do the other eye I'm just grabbing this
golden color of the palette and I'm
going to put that in the mid section of
my eyelid
and I'm just going to take the only
shimmer color in the palette and then
put that on top of the color we just put
on just to give the whole look a slight
shimmery summery kind of glow time to
get the eyelash curlers now I'm going to
go ahead and fill my eyelashes of course
using the telescopic false lash mascara
from L'Oreal I'm going to coat my
eyelashes generously top and bottom with
that
so the eyelashes I'm going to use are
eyelash Queen I think they're Japanese
brand I'm gonna get the eyelash and cut
it in two places
so that we are left with three small
eyelash pieces I'm gonna get my duo
adhesive glue in dark tone because then
you don't have to disguise it once the
glue is dried because it's already a
dark color
once the glue is super close to drying
I'm just going to put that first piece
on the outer edge of my eye just place
it on there and then fill around till it
looks kind of okay
now I'm going to get the second piece of
the eyelash that we cut up and wait for
the glue to dry and then I'm just going
to put it next to the outer piece but
not completely next to it so there is a
tiny gap in between each piece I just
think that that gives a really nice
effect at the end
so I will you drive will you drive
please right sorry about my little
outburst they can be very frustrating
waiting for glue to dry anyway we're
just placing the final piece and towards
the front of the eye and that's the
final look do the other eye
I picked up this contour kit from 17m in
Boots and I'm just grabbing my Mac
blusher or whatever is brush and I'm
just going to put that one of my cheeks
and contour my face
I'm also gonna brush that on the ball of
my chin as well as along my jaw line
directly underneath it and down the
middle of my neck
finally I'm just gonna do the edges of
my forehead bringing the contour
products down the edge of my forehead
joining it onto the product I put onto
my cheek as well
this is my hoola blush from benefit and
I love the brush that comes with this
it's perfect for contouring the nose
very lightly so I'm just going to go
ahead and do that
this is a blusher set that I picked up
from Kiko and I'm going to go ahead and
use that coral shade using this Sigma
contour brush in an upwards motion along
the sides of my contour
and this is where the look really comes
together guys this is the mary-lou
manizer highlighter from the balm
cosmetics it is my most favorite thing
on the planet right now I got it from
Beauty be cosmetics and I've just taken
my powder brush from Sigma and put that
along the sides of my cheeks also down
the end of my nose a little bit
underneath my lips and my chin and a
little bit on the forehead
must not forget to no stud
this is my Ben Nye luxury powder in
banana I also got this from VTB
cosmetics just taking a rubbish
foundation brush that I've had for ages
and patting that underneath my eyes and
then I'm going to take my loose powder
Sigma brush and put it all over my face
using a Kiko pink lipliner I'm going to
line my lips basically I'm just going to
put the product all over my lips
this is a 14-hour superstay lipstick
from Maybelline in nude that I'm also
going to put on top of that lip color
just to neutralize the pink a little bit
finally on the legs I'm going to take my
collection color Pro lip gloss in the
light pink color and just put that all
in my lips for the final glossy finish
and that's it guys that's the final look
I really hope this tutorial was helpful
and you enjoyed it thanks for watching
guys til next time bye
