hi guys so today's we do is going to be
my official pregnancy announcement and
sort of chitchat
/ update video I hope to be doing once a
month at least all the way up until the
end of the pregnancy in Sharla
or maybe even fortnightly depending on
if there are many things to talk about
or if you guys have loads of questions
or just depending on if I need to or off
pretty much a couple of weeks ago me and
Sid announced on Instagram that we were
both pregnant obviously Sid's not some
people literally look to that picture
were like I don't get it are you joking
what the hell is Sid actually pregnant
some some people actually thought Sid
was pregnant so it is not pregnant
because Sid is actually a male and
that's obviously impossible and you guys
left so many amazing comments in the
picture like that's probably like the
most support we've seen on any one of
our posts ever in in about the four
years that I've been blogging so thanks
for that guys in the picture I hashtag
24 weeks a lot of people were confused
by that 24 weeks is basically how far
I've come in the pregnancy so back then
I was 24 weeks pregnant and which is
equivalent to about 6 months I think
however today I am 26 we expect an
official 26 week pregnancy date today so
haven't a left for that that basically
means I'm approximately six and a half
months pregnant so that's like a week or
two weeks away from being into my third
trimester so yeah I kept it a secret for
a really long time just because well in
case anything was to happen and I
haven't started showing really until
about now I just thought it was
appropriate to share that news when we
were really far into the pregnancy and
when I would start showing and then I
would inevitably have to tell you guys
because you'd start seeing it and things
like that it would have been amazing if
I could hide it all completely and then
one day I just post up going Oh guys I
had a baby
Baga see that's impossible so I found
out back in February and Sid was with me
when I took the pregnancy test and we
were obviously very short - like oh my
god really oh my god are we really gonna
have a kid what the hell and we panicked
a lot actually in the beginning but then
I realized we didn't really
panic because we've got a whole nine
months till this child actually arrived
so having said that though time has
flown by ridiculously like I'm or eighty
six and a half months which leaves me no
time whatsoever like basically my due
date inshaallah is middle of October
basically my baby preparation is gonna
start any time from now
really so um so then I booked a doctor's
appointment obviously because you have
to tell them right I really hate going
to the doctor's as well so I went and I
told them and it's really awkward as I
am I don't know as soon as I went to the
doctor and did my doctor's appointment
when I came back I literally start to
feel really pregnant then as in morning
sickness hit me straightaway and if you
guys remember a few months ago I was
barely doing any videos or barely
blogging barely doing anything because I
was like so and well because I had
morning sickness but you guys didn't
know that obviously and God morning
sickness is like the worst thing on this
planet I really thought it wouldn't
affect me and when I read up about it I
was just like oh it's just a bunch of
women moaning for no reason it's nothing
but it is so bad I literally anything I
would eat half an hour later would come
straight back up or it would immediately
come straight back up like I couldn't
keep anything down whatsoever and that
went on all the way up until I was about
three and a half almost four months
before I found out I was pregnant I
noticed I was getting a little bit I was
putting on a little bit of weight bit of
excess weight it was completely normal
because around winter time December
you know November December January
February I usually put on a few extra
pounds around the winter that's just my
annual routine it always happens so I
just thought oh it's my it's my winter
chub that I'll just lose in the summer
whenever it's normal and but then
actually what happened was the morning
sickness actually made me lose all that
weight some of you guys noticed I lost a
bit of weight obviously notice that some
of you guys didn't notice it whatever
it's a bit hard to tell on Instagram
obviously because I only pick pictures
where I think I look super slim anyway
know that I wanted to lose weight like
that because morning sickness is bloody
awful but that's kind of a bonus so when
I hit four or five months my appetite
completely came back and I've been
eating completely normally however I
been craving anything you like proper
pregnancy cravings that you hear about
though when I was going through my
morning sickness though I did have
cravings but it was more cravings to
help me with the sickness so like I
always wanted things that were like
really sour and fresh and fruity and
like citrusy and said used to get lemons
and cut them up and I just go I'm stuck
on a lemon because that's all I could
have and then I always strawberries
there was a there was a few weeks so I
did have strawberries a whole box of
strawberries to myself every night and
unfortunately I was always thirsty but I
couldn't really have water a lot because
water made me gag how weird is that
water made me gasketed used to put lemon
squeeze lemon in water with sometimes a
bit of ginger to help me with that but
man the morning sickness period was
completely awful that's why I was barely
blogging or barely filming videos or
anything since the morning sickness is
finished though it has so much energy
and so much I've just been completely
regular like I don't even feel like I'm
pregnant
other than the other pregnancy things
like a bit of back pain and being out of
breath and I always have a block nose
for some reason I always have a block
nose and it's really annoying like I'm
always breathing like this all the time
I just always want to eat food my
appetite is like really there I've been
really trying to control what I eat
because before being pregnant I was like
seriously the most unhealthy person ever
like food wise I'd never eat vegetables
or fruit or anything so it's kind of
good that my morning sickness made me
crave fruit because it kind of
kick-started a health thing while being
pregnant which I'm really trying to keep
up with but it is difficult when you go
to that morning sickness period as well
it's not actually just in the morning
the sickness it will be in the morning
every morning I'd wake up and I'd you
know do whatever I had to do but then
it's literally every every time I ate
something as well like the morning
sickness was literally all day
there was no period of time during the
day where I felt okay the whole day I
was just like for like at least three
months straight which was horrible
also I'd get really snappy with it all
the time just for like eating in my ear
it gets really really annoyed I'm not
pregnant
like when he Wiggles his feet like if we
sit on sofa sits got this thing where he
has to keep his feet warm so he Wiggles
his toes to keep his feet insulated and
active in the heat generating and that
basically really annoys me if it's in my
peripheral vision and I can just see
Wiggles in the corner I'm just like stop
it sounds like a negative so far but it
hasn't that was just the three months
but from three to four months all the
way up until now I've been really
energetic and really like motivated and
you guys can see that because I've been
posting a lot more regularly the reason
I'm taking advantage of my energy levels
now I'm posting as much as I can is
because I know that when in shuttle I do
have this baby I'm going to be out for a
while I mean obviously I'll try and
continue as much as I can but I'll
probably go back to being a little bit
quieter than normal so I'm trying to get
things done now so the pros of being
pregnant almost instantly I noticed that
my skin started to clear up like I've
told you guys before that normally
around my jawline and that I have really
bad and like acne breakouts or scarring
and stuff like that from from breakouts
that I've had here before that pretty
much cleared itself up like within two
weeks of being pregnant and I was just
like wow this is great another good
thing is your nails get really really
strong like incredibly strong like they
do break and they grow so quickly
another amazing thing your hair quality
just goes up here but I heard that after
you've given birth that that kind of
starts going back downhill again so I
don't know if any of you guys have been
pregnant before let me know how to
maintain healthy hair please because
it's so nice in regards to loads of
people on my Instagram saying oh but you
don't even look pregnant blah blah blah
if you saw me in real life like if you
actually saw me out and about you'd see
that I look pregnant because you'd bit
lately be able to see it and like I told
you guys I only started showing in
literally about the last two weeks which
is when I announced it anyway so um most
likely from now on you will start seeing
pictures with a great big baby belly and
poking out of my clothes still quite a
small bump but I obviously I've been
reading on my apps and all
that that apparently it's going to
double in size over the next two weeks
so don't worry I mean the bumps go to
just get bigger guys and you will see it
I think I'm going to be one of those
pregnant women who stay like really
small and for the majority of it and
then right at the end they just balloon
all the way out here and but we'll see
anyway I haven't really had to change my
clothes or anything like that because
usually I wear quite loose flowy tops
anyway and my jeans all still fit
thankfully um having said that I have
done a bit of maternity shopping because
I know obviously it it's just going to
get more and more difficult to get
dressed so that's going to be one of my
next videos and maternity clothing haul
I'll show you guys the bump now if you
want to see it today I hit 26 weeks
exactly and today is the first day where
I'm wearing a full maternity clothing
outfit I don't really know if you can
see but there it is basically I'm not
seeing with the cushion over it to hide
it I'm sitting with cushion over it
because I would anyway even if I wasn't
pregnant because I've always had a
little bit of a sticky out belly anyway
and in the first few months of pregnancy
my sister or my mum or my grandmother
would be like oh I know just a little
bit of a belly and I was like no really
there's really nothing there I really
genuinely believe that was not my
pregnancy belly because I've always had
a little pudgy belly anyway but now I
really started to notice it and you can
tell when it's a pregnancy belly because
it's just so much like really hard
because there's obviously something like
India it's not just like you're fat or
whatever and only in like the past month
I'd say maybe three weeks I say that
I've started to feel loads of kicking
going on like loads of kicking and that
is the most amazing thing ever it's so
weird
bye so nice because like I could just
like go upstairs if Sid wants to stay up
whatever but I'm tired and I want to go
to bed I could just go upstairs lay in
bed just me and the baby and he'll just
be kicking a nice blender yep kick away
it's so weird and sometimes you'll move
all the way from this side of my stomach
all the way to that side and it's really
weird and then my stomach will be like
lopsided
it's so weird and he'll stay there like
that for like a minute or something and
then go back it's really weird
by the way we don't know the sex of the
baby I just always say he I don't know
why
so we don't know the sex of the baby
because Sid didn't want to find out and
obviously I couldn't find out if Sid
didn't find out because obviously I'd
have to tell him and he would know and
he'd be annoyed
so if kept as a surprise basically and
we'll just see what we have at the end I
guess which is kind of a good thing as
well because that means I haven't
actually done any baby shopping
whatsoever I've only done like some
maternity clothes shopping and I know if
I knew the sex I probably would be
picking up stuff or as soon as I see it
from now so it's good that I don't know
because I'll end up buying loads of
things I don't need I've also tried to
stay fit by doing a little bit of
exercise nothing too crazy because I
wasn't a major exercise person before
that anyway so I haven't like up to my
level of exercise I've just tried to
continue the little bit of exercise so I
try and work out like maybe three times
a week and it's literally just maximum
like a 20 minute workout little spouts
of exercise here and there I started to
get crazy pins and needles down down the
sides of my arms especially yeah both of
them down the sides of my arms
especially from my elbows down here and
in my hands and in my feet and I've read
that apparently that's normal but it's
so annoying I really hate it and I
haven't had any of the swelling the
pregnancy sweating yet but that's
probably going to come in a few weeks I
forget one of those big pregnancy
pillows you know there's one big long
white ones and it gives you a bit of
belly support and hugging I already know
I want to call this child if it's a boy
but if it's a girl I have no idea I
don't know why but girls names are
really difficult to choose but if it's a
boy I'm between two names and it's going
to be one or the other basically because
they're like I've got three favorite boy
names I've got four favorite boy names
actually but I've got to pick my
favourite out with the fall for this one
if it's a boy if it's a girl I have no
idea so maybe you can leave your
suggestions for me below oh let me just
show you the app I've been using I've
been using the called pregnancy plus app
when I first got pregnant I downloaded
it and it and I told them when my due
date was and blah blah blah and every
week it tells me how many weeks pregnant
I am and
what to expect with my body this week
what what's developing with the baby
this week so apparently the baby is the
size of a papaya fruit apparently as
well he or she can start hearing things
now so me and Sid have started to talk
walking around the house like absolute
lunatics me especially when we went for
our second scan as well it was crazy the
baby was just hilarious
smackle itself in the head kicking like
crazy it was so funny man to know I was
laughing my head off at the scan anyway
guys that's all I have to update you on
really so far during this pregnancy
leave me your questions for the next
chit chat and update videos thank you so
much for all your nice and comments and
duets and messages about this pregnancy
and just all your support in general
that you guys all know who you are that
you're always sure I always see the nice
comments and stuff and so yeah thanks
for that thanks watching guys until next
time bye
you
you
