hi guys so today's video I'm doing the
DIY video to make a kimono / calf Sam /
open a baya kind of thing
you
this is like a tutorial for complete
beginners basically you could even do
this by hand instead of using machine
very handy and especially for nowadays
because it's summertime and this piece
in your wardrobe could be very very best
though if we just get straight into it
I'm going to tell you guys what you need
first of all you're going to need a
sewing machine but if you don't have one
then you could do it by hand and sewing
if you feel like it
you are going to need a pair of scissors
you're also going to need some dress
making pins you are also going to need
some interfacing we're also going to
need either a dress maker pencil chalk
pencil go away thank you or you can use
just a felt-tip pen this is a textile
felt tip pen or if you don't have that
doesn't matter just use a biro even just
you can even use eyeliner if you want
then you need to take measure you're
actually going to need a ruler but I
don't have one so I'm just using a
straight edge notebook last but
certainly not least you're going to need
your fabric of choice I've chosen a silk
fabric I don't know I think it's a silk
and linen mix I'm not really sure
Rushdie I just picked it up because I
liked the light colors and the stripes I
picked up three meters because I'm going
to make this full length is always
better to have more fabric than less
because then there's room for error so
it's up to you what fabric you choose
depending on the kind of look you're
going for if you want to go for all
black
open a bay a look if you want to get a
printed summery look if you want to make
it just a beachy thing the final look
will really all depend on the fabric
that you choose and that's why this is
great because it can be for any occasion
pretty much so we'll just get started
into the actual tutorial now shall we so
here is my fabric I've got three meters
of fabric if I just show you guys but
one two three what I'm gonna do is I'm
going to fold that in half I'm about 165
centimeters in height so three meters is
just about enough for me if not a little
bit extra
we can adjust the length right the end
anyway this is my fabric folded in half
lengthways so remember it's two layers
basically we have this layer and the
bottom layer okay now what I'm going to
do is I'm going to grab my tape measure
and I'm going to measure the width of
this fabric so from here all the way to
the end so the width I have is 52 inches
so what you can do is a little bit of
maths half of 52 is 1005 26 so that
takes you to the middle of the width of
your fabric so I'm just going to rub my
felt pen and put a little mark over here
going to swivel this around so that you
can see so here we have the fabric fold
it in half and it's gonna go all the way
down here this is the bottom of the
fabric I'm also going to get my
measuring tape and measure the middle
over here and then mark you all the way
up to the top so 26 inches is here just
marking that on the top layer of fabric
and we grab my pretend ruler and just
keep marking it halfway all the way
along the fabric
it will probably help if you pin these
sides of the two layers of fabric
together and before you mark so that the
fabric doesn't move out of position but
I'm just being really quick for you guys
not what I'm going to do is I'm going to
get the bottom part again and just where
I've marked my fabric I'm going to cut a
straight line all the way to the top
where the fold of your fabric is make
sure you do not get the second layer of
your fabric it's just the top layer can
you see that it's just the top layer
okay nearing the top of the fabric now
can you see the fold where it's doubled
I'm just going to cut up to there and
stop so we've created like an opening if
you can see now what we're going to do
is you're going to get your measuring
tape again and what you can do is you're
going to measure the length of your
collarbone so depending on where you
would like the opening of your caftan to
be so I want mine from about here I've
measured that to be say 8 inches so
where you've cut the opening on your
fabric you're going to even out your
collarbone measurement on either side so
minus 8 inches which makes it 4 inches
on either side I'm going to mark that
over here very lightly
and over here very lightly let me grab
my pretend ruler again you're going to
grab your real one hopefully and I'm
going to do exactly what we did in the
beginning but for each side I'm just
going to make straight marks in a
straight line all the way down to the
bottom of the fabric on either side
another good thing about getting a
stripy fabric is it kind of helps you
and with cutting in a straight line
because of the pinstripes
so as you can see we're nearing the
bottom of the fabric now once you blend
your markings all you're gonna do is
you're going to cut again that first
layer you see all the way up the lines
that you have marked in a straight line
on this side and on this side okay when
you get to the top where the fold is can
you see that we do is just going to cut
straight across the fold like a cell kin
okay I'm going to go ahead and cut the
other the other side
and we've got to the top again almost
and what you're gonna do is cut across
here again okay whoa so I've just lifted
my fabric up a little bit so you can see
what's going on
this is the top of the fabric where we
folded it's going to show you quickly
what that looks like on before we go to
the next step you can see the progress
so far so literally the fabric has been
doubled over like we did in the
beginning and then all we did is cut the
opening out at the front back it's full
length of the floor so my fabrics back
on the table what we will do now is
we're gonna just take it over to one
side and fold that in half make sure
it's even everywhere it might take you a
while because there's so much fabric so
we're going to go up to the top corner
where the fold was okay where we had it
faced on our shoulders and you ready
tape measure and your scissors normally
I wouldn't bother measuring but for the
sake of the video you guys can decide
how wide you want your sleeve so I mean
if you just estimate on your arm kind of
thing how wide you like it to go I'm
just gonna guess I want it I probably
want it to be about this safe let's say
15 inches with a seam allowance okay
mark it where you're going to cut and
then I'm going to mark how far in I want
to cut the sleeve so I'm going to guess
if this is where the end of my
collarbone is I'm going to guess I want
a bit of shoulder action so I'm going to
cut about eight inches in this time
around we're going to cut all four
layers of the fabric
okay once you've made your cut you can
see that what I'm going to do is fold
the fabric like this all the way to the
end creates like a diagonal shape and
then I'm just going to get my scissors
and cut along this line over here to
remove all of this fabric and this again
is cutting all four layers of the fabric
now if I just open this out to show you
what's happening what we're doing is
we're cutting underneath the arm when
we're cutting outwards into a diagonal
all the way to the end of your fabric
having the fabric folded that way it's
kind of giving you a guide to cut along
okay so here's the shape that we have so
far this is the top of your kimono this
is the sleeve and this is all the way to
the bottom so as you can see the cut
we've created is kind of flared you turn
the fabric inside out what you're going
to do is you're going to start pinning
the bottom edge of your kimono sleeve
together as well as the edge of your
caftan slash robe thing together
I think pinned it this is what you
should have left I'm just going to show
you on one side and sleeve pinned over
here and just fill out and spin all the
way down the bottom and the same on the
other side now all we do is we are going
to get on the sewing machine and
literally so where you've pinned sew the
bottom of the sleeve and all the way
down the sides of your captain okay so
I've set my machine up I'm just using a
regular IKEA sewing machine just set it
up for a straight stitch I used white
thread to go with my caftan
so that's one edge of the sleeve done
now I'm going to go all the way down
along the side so the edges I'm just
going to put it on show you what we've
got so far if you can see there is more
of a sleeve going on I've adjusted the
length exactly to my height so you can
go ahead and do that as well all we're
going to do is we're going to go and
grab our interfacing and what I'm going
to do is I'm literally just going to
iron the edges inwards with the
interfacing sticking it in place
basically go ahead and do that around
the collar run the back of the collar
and all the way down the front the turn
a little section of the sleeve outwards
as I want the sleeves to be a little bit
shorter and I want them to have a fold
like so all I'm going to do is get the
interfacing put it underneath and iron
it into place so I'm just going to go
ahead and do that right now
you
okay guys so here's the final result so
as you can see the front edges right
here are all nice and neat because we've
put interfacing and send them in the
same goes for the sleeves what I did for
the fold was I folded it in then I
literally stuck piece of interfacing
inside loosely and then just I need it
to keep in place design it how you like
I'll probably just wear like jeans and a
white top underneath and then just a
scarf regular style or turban anything
really what you can do as well for the
fold of the sleeve is you can get
another fabric like a lace maybe or a
sequin thing or whatever you fancy maybe
a printed fabric and sew it on as well
to give it a different kind of texture
and pattern to the fabric instead of
cutting out the opening you could have
had it fully closed so it's literally
just a long cast and dress I hope this
was easy to follow I really really do
make sure you time your on Instagram if
you do manage to make one or if you
manage to make something similar just by
using this kind of really simple
technique thanks for watching until next
time bye
