I'm filming with my new chair do you
like it
hi guys
so I'm finally doing my Istanbul
shopping haul I recently came back from
Istanbul and means it had a lovely
holiday then was amazing hum delet
basically I did a lot of shopping and so
this is me showing you guys what I
bought and making you incredibly jealous
because you're not all in Istanbul and
therefore you can't your hands on these
I think I'll start off with jewelry
seeing as I'm wearing a lot of the
jewelry that I bought number one is this
necklace can you see here it is do you
love it or do you love it notice there
are only two options here
love Ola I hope this in the Grand Bazaar
which is one of the like tourist
attractions with markets there and it's
gorgeous so then I went to bought this
ring to match it this one and then I
went to bought this one and then when I
bought this one as well throw in a
gorgeous earrings I know
then it cost like 20 liras which is
approximately 5 pounds it's 5 pounds 20
liras for these gorgeous earrings which
I have nothing no outfit to wear them
with you but I'll find something then I
went to bought the same earrings
obviously I couldn't resist this color
look at that gorgeous color I know this
ring over here can you see that and
there you can see that I know and then I
bought the best earrings I've ever seen
in my entire life
these are sterling silver gold-plated
earrings I really love them because
they've got like a really nice Asian
vibe to them and then I got these from
the same guy and I love these because
they also have a lovely Asian vibe to
them now if we move on to silver this is
in real silver this is just a fun
jewelry ring over here looks like a
little castle some of you guys have seen
this one already some of you guys have
also seen this one do you love it I love
it because I'm really into silver
jewelry nowadays but I will still always
love gold so right now I'm going for a
gold kind of jewelry look but lately
I've been
doing a lot just silver stacking so the
final piece of jewelry bra is their
sterling silver necklace and it's the
Tree of Life it's a really short chain
which I love and there's the tree of
life can you see it the mirror all right
let's move on to shoes you guys are
gonna love these man
okay pair of shoes number one these
babies look look at these sterling like
they're like that kind of shoes glimpse
all kind of fun ones but the print is
gorgeous it's that traditional Turkish
kind of carpet print which is so so nice
I love it and it's funny because I've
been recently creating sample pieces for
digitally a second collection and I've
been looking a lot at these kind of
prints second pair the same style shoe
but with a different print how lovely
are they yeah yeah I just thought they'd
be so nice you know nowadays just a
light pair of jeans and like a nice nice
plain white shirt or blue shirt they've
got these kind of like a rucksacks and
kill him kill him is like I think
traditional Turkish weave or Turkish
print kind of thing for have a lot of
killing bags out there
this one isn't killing but it's like a
nice carpet print again oh it goes with
my top kind of the only thing that
pissed me off a little bit is the you
know the plastic strap here and here but
whatever I love the print but then we
came home it was like oh actually looks
a bit festive and I was like oh good
point so now I've kind of gone off it
because it's you know the red and green
but I still love it I mean I can still
like I still use that it's lovely
alebran all over Turkey they've got so
many leather bags like their leather bag
choice is unbelievably amazing
I thought Egypt technically was good but
no sorry Turkey is a hundred times
better remember in one of my turkey
vlogs when I showed you the bag that
we'd all been haggling for that Tootie
picked up and well I went and got myself
exactly that bag but in a dark green
color and ballet
and this probably cost me the equivalent
to 20 pounds English after a lot of
haggling let me tell you we hug 'old
like crazy Sid was on haggling he's
really lovely haggling nowadays so I
picked up his bag
moving on to clothes shall we clothes
and scarves I'm global sermon this is
stuff that I bought not in the grand
bazaar this is stuff that I bought in
Fatih an area called feta I'm not sure
what the streets called but there's a
street on in feta which is just full of
like Turkish branded shops some of the
stores were like bit more high-end so
they were bit more like the Zara
equivalent let's say of high street and
then there was the really cheaper one so
let's say like the blue star or Primark
equivalent maybe price-wise
I bought this I've got it for fifty
five liras which you divide it by four I
think so it's like ten I got a spot
12-pound fifty and it's great I mean
look at it as college you can't see
very well but it comes out very very
flat long sleeves perfect basically so I
picked this up in this color light blue
and I also picked it up in white
obviously you're going to see me wearing
these a lot over the next few months and
then I picked up this long denim dress
/a bear you could call it because it's
very loose my favourite thing about this
is the sleeves and the collar I love
colors like this it's a proper like
men's Gala beer collar and sorry about
the creases again it's just long all the
way to the floor and it did have like
one of those funny cuts on the side you
know the butterfly cuts which I'm not
too fond of but I altered it on my
sewing machine for the exact guy I
wanted I really loved when the shoulder
seam when there isn't a shoulder seam
basically and it comes in from the
collar because it I hate it with like
you're wearing something and the
shoulder is too big like this for
example it makes you always makes you
look weird Mike should be like that
next up guys what do we have oh we have
another I bear you here okay this shop
didn't seem like the really really cheap
shops it was kind of
like mediocre maybe let's say equivalent
to hmm or River Island prices possibly
and basically the woman in there was a
great saleswoman I mean she was really
like working it on me it doesn't look
too great when I'm holding it up but I
mean when I tried to on I really liked
her and I'm pretty sure I'll probably
wear it soon hopefully I hope anyway
yeah I mean there's a bit war with the
stripe does lip dub a basically one side
is all stripes till you get to the
bottom which is this really nice green
color and then this side is just black
with the stripe pocket and the sleeves
like this I didn't like it I mean if I
was gonna go back and buy I probably
wouldn't buy it but she was really
selling it to me and I tried it on and I
look good with her and I was just I just
bought it I'll tell you the name of the
shop actually the shop is called area
ary a then I bought this blazer which I
love the front is like striped with some
cedar panel this that lime green color
again with a really nice print on the
edges I thought I could wear this fade
maybe but now I've got loads of aid
options so I don't know I'm not really
bothered about whatsoever because I
would never do anything fade anyway but
Jerry jeans Chema's eyes
gorgeous captain gorgeous Muslim I
haven't worn any of these things yet
because they've just gonna in a pile my
next to me here cuz I've been waiting to
film the whole for you guys so now that
I've filmed it I can actually start
using it cuz I can put it away in my
wardrobe and stuff like that anyway then
I bought this oversize lovely lovely
lovely top dress I really love the
black-and-white print if you look
closely it's really nice and it's again
with the lime green this shop really
loved their green color big massive then
when you get to the bottom you get a bit
of more land green and then you get some
a nice black tassel wig which I really
like tassels you guys know a little
castles the last item of clothing I
bought you guys have already seen it if
you follow me on Instagram and it's this
long black gonna be a style collar again
long sleeved dress and it
up to just above my ankles I think or
just below my knee and the best thing
about it is the bottom it cuts on the
bottom straight and then it just goes
into a bit of a pointed a pointed dip on
either side which gives it a really nice
flow I've also been filming all my most
recent outfits as well for monthly look
books for the next few months so you
guys can see the more style is there
moving on to my final category which is
scarves in Turkey they have beautiful
scarves and the Turkish girls all have a
really signature style scarf style all
the regular shops they sell this this
particular scarf which all the girls use
and it's a particular scarf that has
really good structure to create the
point that takers girls like to have so
basically I went and bought one two
three four five six oh seven I have got
seven colors of these style scoffs oh
and they've all got tassels on the end
as well let me show you an example
they just pashmina style basically can
you see it's quite it's still very soft
to wear but it's got a little bit of you
know shape to it so it's very easy to
the point with these curves this one
this color gray color a nice Coralie
kind of color we've got a regular brown
which goes and everything then we've got
this nude creamy creamy color and then
of course we've got a bit of black going
on from the grand bazaar I went and
bought two printed silk mix scoffs which
are these two look at the prints how
beautiful you guys know from my
Instagram feed when I was in Turkey that
I was in love with these prints and so I
just had to buy the scarf so I probably
will wear them maybe around my neck
maybe is a nice maybe in a nice turban
style I can see them working we'll see
but I just had to pick them up anyway
because they are beautiful anyway guys
that's everything I bought from Istanbul
let me know if you guys want to see a
tutorial on this scarf style that is on
my head currently it's the style that I
was wearing a lot in Istanbul and just
before that as well so a lot of you guys
aboard you requested but I just want to
double check because I don't want to put
up pointless
toriel's because there's so many out
there anyway so let me know if you want
to see this tutorial next thanks for
watching guys til next time bye
