hi guys oh my god it's like basically
when I talk in the morning and I'm
finding this really weird filming
because what o'clock in the morning and
it's Ramadan so I'm filming 1 o'clock in
the morning because I have no other time
to film because it's Ramadan and in the
day time when I'm fasting I'm too tired
basically and I wanted to like show you
some kinds of foods I want to eat so I
couldn't do that in the daytime so I
have to do this at the morning after
I've broken my fast anyway
today's video I'm doing a Ramadan
favorites video woo I'm doing a
favorites video and as it's Ramadan I
thought I'd do favorites video which has
all items related to the month of
Ramadan so this view they don't know
what Ramadan is is the month where
Muslims basically starved themselves for
30 days only joking it goes on for 30
days but we break our fast every day at
sunset so we fast from sunrise to sunset
I'm just gonna get started and I'm gonna
start with actually food items because
well because it's almost time for school
and I want to snack basically so the
first thing I want talk about is
hibiscus tea if it wears basically in
Arabic or in Egypt anyway it's called
coca day which is a kind of juice that
we have all the time but we have
especially in Ramadan and it's the most
amazing drink on this planet so did we
get this from Tesco I think we found it
in Tesco in the international section
and it's called hibiscus flower herbal
tea and you can have it either cold or
hot and if you make it and you have it
cold it's amazing and we like to we
haven't done it this month yet but it's
really nice to break your fast with it
and with dates and that's oh hibiscus
tea your Miko Kadir all the Egyptians
out there next is actually not food it's
actually a food supplement and it's
basically basically psyllium husk which
is um what is psyllium husk exactly Sid
- you must have psyllium husk psyllium
husk is psyllium harbors loads of fiber
and helps you poo okay during Ramadan I
don't know about you guys but especially
in the long summer and
fasting days that we have in the UK now
sometimes what you find is that you
might be a little bit constipated or
that you might not be able to you know
release your bowels as regularly or as
consistently as you'd like to because of
the change of your diet and timings of
the foods you're having and things like
that right now yes this is a great food
supplement to take during Sahu time in
order to ensure that you can release
your bowels nicely and normally as you
would on a regular day basically because
the worst thing on this planet ever is
obviously being concentrated I got this
from Holland Holland and Barrett but it
does say on the back to consult your
doctor if you are pregnant and obviously
is just a food supplement so you still
need try and eat all regular foods that
contain a lot of fiber in them anyway
but this is just if you're having
trouble which you might be in Ramadan so
next up guys we have something actually
that's very very exciting and I'm going
to have right now because it's almost
time for school and this is my Gray's
box that I just got in the post
literally like yesterday if you don't
know what grazes it's a box that you get
in the post you subscribe to it online
you pick what kind of snacks you want
and they have little snacks in the box
for you in my first little section I've
got salted caramel milk chocolate
buttons peanuts fudge and raisins to
snack on in my second box I have maple
and pecan granola topper in my third box
I have an apple and cinnamon flapjack
there we go in my fourth box I have hot
pepper jam with multigrain soy rice
crackers yummy in my tummy what I
thought was great about these greys
boxes it's very difficult sometimes you
can't be booked to prepare things so if
you get a great variety box it's really
really handy for snacking after you've
broken your pass or for the early
breakfast time I broke my fast about
about four hours ago now and I'm still
feeling really full but I have a mega
mega sweet tooth Arthur I eat like
dinner so I'm going to try the first box
which is the caramel and peanut one and
there's chocolate buttons in here yummy
this is my hmm but square my eyes are
watering cuz they're so tasty
and by the way guys it also comes with a
little leaf flip on the box which tells
you how many calories each box contains
and also what the sell by date for each
one is if you're trying to be a bit
healthy you can choose variety boxes
that are quite healthier will are blah
blah but it's Ramadan I'm going to enjoy
chocolate so come and try the hot pepper
Jam come on love you know you all know
let's get Sid involved I thought I
looked nice when I got ready for this
video but cameras not be I think you'd
like this one stop it's Ramadan some
modesty don't finish the sauce
no no chill Oh Oh isn't nice maybe
driving don't know I look so far anyway
guys if you want to try three grades box
then good news click the link below in
my description box to try your own free
graze box basically with my special code
so that's like a nice little Ramadan
treat for you guys and if you like it
then you can join and get them in the
post all the time
lovely so all the information you need
to know about grace is in the
description box as well we're just go
online on the website and read about it
I've known about for years in their
wicked so my next favorite is test B yay
music got these ages ago from a
personalized test piece for you which
are a company on Instagram and they
personalized test beers for you
obviously and so basically this is one
and this is my ones over here they
personalized that I told them the colors
I liked and they well and if the colors
I like and they also engraved it with
Dena to cue this love lip next up what I
have is an oil and it's coconut oil know
you guys have been asking me about my
way looking at example a lot of few
topics have been asking me of doing an
update to skincare routine for you guys
but really there's not much going on
with my skincare routine
literally and every night I just remove
my makeup and then I just moisturize
with coconut oil most of the time and
that's all it is and especially in
Ramadan when you can't really really get
as much water as you would like and into
your system and your skin gets all dry
and stuff oh it's good to have something
like an oil as a moisturizer rather than
other moisturizer unless you've got
really oily skin obviously and all that
obvious stuff I got this from Holland
and Barrett and it wasn't off it was
like 15 pounds and then use by 115
pounds yeah listen buy one get one for
one p oh yeah they do that all the time
they do all the time
look at the size on it it lasts for ages
so you know we have a sandalwood and
almond facemask and it's the a ume
Naturals range which I pick up at Tesco
it's really good because it's super
super affordable anyway this is a face
mask it's good to do this like once a
week or something and
especially during Ramadan because I
don't know me as either both been
getting super dry skin during Ramadan
and I always get dry skin yeah but since
we've been far my god this fasters may
be old as hell no but since since
fasting we've got super dry skin and so
that's why I've been trying to sort of
take care of the face a little bit more
and so acid yeah white is usually 45 I
don't recommend it 45 I do recommend it
me I've raved about this product loads
and loads and loads and it's my Max
Factor face affinity compact foundation
the powder one like that and I have it
in the shade six number six golden and
it's so good because for an easy
foundation you just literally Pat it on
and you're like good coverage good to go
and if you need to go out really quickly
etc and also and you'll be worrying
extra in Ramadan because of taraweeh etc
so if you're constantly worrying I mean
not worrying worrying isn't a universal
word that was me putting would do and
the English King oh you all say what day
ticket I do say oh yeah we go I go yeah
D no we go pray we go place a lot right
now we don't remember a bit oh yeah okay
let's go sadly let's go slowly oru Sun
Li Inc
are you selling so many Arabs did that
good day yeah you'll be doing a lot of
we do during Ramadan extra would do
because of taraweeh etc which means
constantly washing your face and so when
you need to top up this is probably the
easiest thing ever if you wanna make it
fanatic so you just power on wash it off
powder it on again it takes two minutes
you don't need a brush you don't need
anything is super super easy oh oh and
then we've got the obvious which is a
Quran yeah but this isn't just any old
Quran it's a rainbow go on I've got this
about two years ago I got a scent from a
company and in Indonesia economy what
they called though and I just think it's
great it's good for kids and stuff
exactly you know in Muslim households
usually on the shelf on like a bookshelf
or a shelf in the house you have a full
row of like crayons and that and we're
growing up I had like half the row which
was like the super super old crayons
that we've had for years and they're
getting a little bit
you know like Tesla really big massive
one yeah and you have the big massive
ones or then you have the really nice
good-looking ones and so I thought this
could be the start of me and SIDS in our
home
good-looking Quran and then I'll keep
this fall if we ever have a child yeah
I'm so if we're kids how is that not
going to encourage a child to read
because they'll see the colors and
they'll be like wow I want to read the
green section or whatever but I would
recommend them to start from the end
obviously because that's the easiest
section anyway next up we have a little
bit of Ramadan decoration and this is
Egyptian decoration if you guys have
been following me few years you know I'm
a huge fan of this this Egyptian print
and I've designed whole collections on
this print like four years ago even and
it's vital it's really really vital for
anybody to have vital is it yes to have
at least a meter of this fabric in your
home during Ramadan to spread across the
dinner table or coffee table or anything
just for that Ramadan vibe because you
know guys it's really important to try
and get a Ramadan vibe going at home
especially if you're in the UK during
Christmas holidays is like a massive
Christmas vibe and we all feel it yeah
since feel the Christmas wide so it's
important to try and have that really
Ramadan atmosphere and I eat atmosphere
and so it helps when you have like
cultural cultural decorations like this
is a decoration that comes out
specifically during Ramadan in Egypt
especially so it just helps with the
atmosphere and it's nice to eat even
though we haven't even put on the table
eating yet because we don't even eat on
the table we just sit in front of telly
but in short alone we have family we're
gonna encourage that dinnertime all
about the atmosphere you've got to get
up in your time because it makes things
easier exactly it makes things nice and
enjoyable it's like Robin Oh coming I
can't wait yeah rather than Oh Akane Oh
for ages now is coming up and then we're
dredging it in other countries and
Muslim countries and stuff is nice they
have that atmosphere around and
everybody's like oh yeah
and then we get a treat afterwards with
ease and stuff like that yeah um but you
know you go do yourself here because
it's not a whole day so yeah I'm coming
on to the last thing basically and that
is hey are there yeah that's an obvious
favorite in Ramadan just purely for a
cup of comfort reasons you need a plain
black one like the one I'm wearing now I
pick this up from Indonesia and it's lit
you just like a batwing one to the floor
it's amazing it hides absolutely
everything and which is great because
you know when you want to go with the
iftar somewhere in a restaurant or over
somebody's house and you know basically
you're going to eat a lot because you've
been fasting all day and you don't want
bits and bobs to be hanging when you're
fall so literally Abbaye is the most
comfortable thing also the most
comfortable thing to wear john taraweeh
especially if you're gonna play in the
mosque and it gets really really hot I
would also recommend getting your hands
on something a little bit more fancy a
bit more colorful you know for the times
when you're going somewhere nice for the
evening I got this a specific caftan
slash killaby from fmm by Fatima al
Mohler or al mohler she's a designer in
the way and she sent me a few actually
and this is my actual favorite one that
I will be wearing very soon and you've
probably seen the lookbook things it
really yes it's got a head-up the
rubicon lychee and through the card
guava guava I'm passionfruit alum treat
those oh oh my days hit up the Tesco
right now bro I showed you here on your
thing huh where's the church you don't
know anyway guys I hope you enjoyed this
video thanks for watching until next
time bye
what's the time it's oh my god is 1:30
a.m. and we are tired yeah
like we're gonna stay up to you it's
been insane look at my bags
look no Ramadan's difficult man it's
difficult ah did it it's not a good lip
boy look listen hey wait
how did you squeeze don't ya like auto
makeup just do it
I look like a cartoon you look like some
I look like an actual human being
