hello guys top of the morning to you
again so we're just going to show around
the sort of Ahmed area today
Michael Michael - fatty fatty Street get
some fat clothes we're going to just go
around like Grand Bazaar on the blue
Moss do some last-minute shopping yeah
first up see how big you are next to
that stand next to it
no sound clothes
you see the kebab flipping Schwimmer
roll that big in our bro not in England
me in the bazaar again we're not having
much of a great time because we don't
seem to be havin all this time to be
haggling to be honest but look why I
just came across crazy such background
look at that picnic lunches that's
amazing I would so have that wish I got
big bogey old face
Peggy said going crazy buying doing show
them what you want they're these super
really cool we make youtube videos food
we make youtube videos this one filming
myself
this is just getting the back of the
brooch taken off so you can wear it as a
necklace because he's so vain and all he
cares about is how this necklace is
though it's great awesome
Empire symbols
yes it's happy
Oh
right so tasty
we're back at the Blue Mosque there it
is we got happening to you there's the a
Sofia behind us or the hydrosphere
lesson
Gina wants me to a vlog is stupid follow
me too I don't understand why that'd be
nice for my lookbook I'm doing it for
you guys I can edit a nice look when we
go obsessed with it well follow me to
follow me to the you see you don't even
hold my bloody hand hold the damn thing
yeah relax my ass yeah why not no you do
some up you film up ah Hector stop where
you going to the pavement there no this
is it's straight that's how you see the
view you want the view apology now
you
good it's been asked to take photos of
them some tourists because they saw us
using the SLR 20 to follow me to
pictures this is probably bigger special
when Lily is not
just tried taking some more follow me
toothpicks and some good shots did climb
inaudible photographer and everybody was
getting it away and footer bombing and
stuff obviously but now we're going to
go get something
because I'm so hungry amazing didn't eat
in a swap are you finding the swap
guys we're walking to a fetish street
there bit with all the like modest
clothing brands apparently properly we
properly branched out of socks and wards
and we're going to keep walking
so I find nice tops to wear this Ramadan
I went to my first shop in the fatty
area and bought two things are now
hungry but then I give this factor no
man only to me do know you don't this is
the balls you don't give back the crappy
ones I need you be always get them back
no not those ones you don't
shirts Mandarin anyway quite like in
this area so far I went into one tiny
shop and I found two really good shirt
so looking promising it is if you just
finished in some place o infected on the
street with all the shops and to be
honest with you is fantastic I bought
loads of things so you'll see in my haul
I know we came back to go to the AES
Sathya Moss to see the inside but it was
closed so unfortunately we haven't been
able to all that but check out this
knocks out dog
anyway said goes with the a 50 OH
mustard we're back in watch my urban man
back in the hotel what you need to stick
out more to us back oh yeah we're back
in the hotel and basically Hagia Sophia
south and this shit because I really
really really wanted to see it but this
person wanted to go shopping
Hagia Sophia or is Sofia of that about
on the whole three-year I couldn't see
any of the month it's cool but basically
I mean we just ended up taking more
pictures of the blue we've been here for
a whole week and it's the first time
we've taken pictures with the SLR and we
wish we used the SLR all week but we've
been using our phone and digital camera
all set and it was a it was a bus bad
call on Deena's case because she decided
that we weren't going to use the proper
yeah because we didn't want to be
carrying a massive SLR with us to do
yeah I wish I found all of my lookbook
outfits on the SLR so the quality for
that isn't gonna be great yes I'm gonna
keep yeah kept telling you that before
we think oh yeah we need to take
pictures with that because they're gonna
look great you Lagos or whatever why
this point so anyway we're gonna pack up
our bags chill out for a bit and then
you've talked about I haven't packed my
bags I need to pick what I'm wearing to
traveling and then I'd like five in the
morning we're leaving to the airport we
don't even want to go this is the first
time we've got a whole day and not
wanted to go home in it I'll tell you
what highly recommend Istanbul for a
holiday war I hate to say I didn't think
I'd enjoy your holiday more than Egypt
but Istanbul beaches come down or beat
them all by a mile
it really does by a clear mile oh yeah
yeah yeah like what done to the room is
it I think this would be a regular for
us like inshallah we'll try and come
back yearly yeah yeah definitely nice
anyway but having said that if you come
to Istanbul be prepared for some crazy
ass walking around you're gonna walk
around like crazy but do you know what
there's not um like usually when you go
to like you know
Muslim countries and stuff everybody's
in your face and everything it's not
like that over here at all yeah it's
chilled out walking
yeah I feel that wasn't like the people
on ya bugging you even when you go to
the market I thought oh no I don't want
to deal with this like Kenneth Lee Lee
like in Egypt I don't I didn't want to
deal with that again I was like oh my
god this is going to be insane and then
we went there and the people they are
really nice man Turkey Turkish people
Turkish clothes take it shopping Turkish
food just food man you can't go wrong
they just grabbed me seasoned the damn
thing to bung it on the grill man don't
get sick thank you sir Roo oh yeah the
fruit is good man the nectarines are
like fuzzies anyway we'll do a bit of
logging on the way home but not that
much because we'd be absolutely tired
but hopefully you get seated in Chaplin
we just land a time delay and it's so
funny because when we landed on arrival
we got stopped and questioned just for a
tiny little bit I'm asking us oh where
did we go in Istanbul we stay only in
Istanbul did we meet anyone while we
were there did we go anywhere near the
border I'm so like oh shit obviously
they
probably think well they just check it
if I go to the borders of the hole
political situation so anyway and I was
we find that fun it's so embarrassing
because I was like Finley knew that if
anything we try and prevent young kids
going out to Syria but anyway I was just
dying to learn all five listen Massie
it was still wet anyways we're back and
it's not nice it is nice to be back but
we didn't go long enough to be like I
haven't missed the UK because I haven't
been on daylight long enough we just
went for a week so I missed the cat but
guys I just want talked a little bit but
a little bit about these um eyelash
extensions so I literally got them done
exactly last Friday so today is Friday
so exactly one week and this is what
they look like so far they've been good
so far but however I have had problems
with this eye if you can see these ones
I've just started to fall out well they
haven't fallen out but they got on like
funny shapes in that and then and then
they just if I just drugs in the car
just fall out but I know what's gonna
happen when these come out I'm gonna be
bald eyes my eyelashes are gonna be
completely I'm gonna be completely balls
on my eyelashes completely and utterly
so hopefully I'm gonna try not to pick
them and see if they last maybe another
week
just slowly hopefully fall out slowly
and then next time I go to Cardiff I'll
get the rest of them fresh
taking off hopefully but anyway I will
probably wouldn't do them again but I
probably would do them if I'm going on
holiday I'd only do them if I'm going on
another trip because then they're worth
it because literally might get ready
time in the morning was so quick because
of the eyelashes away and when I'm the
way to make up a Logan it's all right
for the moment anyway you'll see the
cats and then that's it that's enough of
us applaud Engle right we're back home
and look who's saying hello to says his
choppers come to me now yeah come come
on come on you missed me Georgie say oh
yes are you watched jokes from the
camera chap relax now hope you enjoyed
these vlogs from Turkey see ya
