it's amazing I love is like Justinian
look at it now
oh no we got lost kissing mama Liu
here we go I'm gonna take a great
picture right now great picture it's
about to go on one of those tip tumblr
Instagram sort of flash photography
accounts
don't fall asleep
he's knocked out basically another dog
just sleeping here sleeping it yet it
all got here things on the ears that's
another one just sleeping it's another
one and then there's another one over
there under the bed just knocked out why
are they only thing and they've all got
red tags on the ears I think there's
like these like boxes scattered around
assemble week but Pat and dog food I'm
not sure I think I saw that Oh guys I
want this sofa gross
how is that gross are you blind yes you
are blind
you're blind why don't you say let's go
to spectate why didn't you just say on
the phone with it ring oh look at that
one
kids really going stroking animals today
I can't resist I can't resist you
gorgeous oh you're gorgeous
no better than jejune Chaplin though oh
you guys Tommy this paintballing he's
about to sure mean 3-pointer in your
face are you looking at oh I want
everything
no yes a mere living room we look we're
looking for one guys and they're just so
beautiful
looks really nice
it's a bit red though I'm looking at
something mama Lu the one mix or
something bluey you like you can see
she's lying she's from Barbados oh yeah
he's like she's lying like my new GoPro
it's like wicked enough where yo guys
this is the painting that mean said one
all over Turkey so
get on the tram system makes no sense
whatsoever Norville
I'm basically a temperature with the
toys hard we didn't need to local money
supposedly like I said all one
Stanley's head people find three or four
maybe Bethesda feel very sorry for that
matter I love how the people think this
is a live feed to something like we're
talking to someone
the girls like class he's giving the
building a shower finish the lights do
that again all these recent yeah Rosen
lemon apple and ginger ginger my life
life how's that you into life give sit
down sometimes wait thing that tech you
should be lobster honey this is one the
oldest rocks tonight John Neil's opening
night one seven seven on 1717 and
martini yeah let me say an ice cream
that's ice cream no it's not that's ice
cream forgets we got ice cream anyone
else is that what flavor you can't like
him yeah what flavor strawberry lemon
chocolate one in luck - OH
yes yes yes she's gonna pull me up
you have mmm yummy missus it's such a
chilly ice cream guy it's not normal
service we should have got vanilla why
is it custard
look how chewy is look what you mean
that's the time good show though that's
a toad bye so it is a good thing I like
this ice cream hot in America sorry
Cherie I like the vanilla flavor I don't
like that one okay then a lot all these
prices are making me cough like crazy
we're having too much fun to do these
girls from America why America we're
from Georgia America we live in Jordan
yeah it's okay we can do a single hit
fish sandwich they significant it and
they're just shopping in a bun important
letters inside looks good doesn't it
taste good to taste good turkey is an
exercise neck guys I just bought mini
apples
now I'm only joking they're plums little
Tex treats oldest graph really
everywhere if I lived here I mean I
don't know why they want more tech
bloggers actually got great places for
photos guys it's very difficult in there
then again to find decent places to
Antep these cakes they smell so good if
only you guys could smell through the
screen
really is one big square it's like the
text equivalent to Trafalgar Square
I remember this tree school but there's
a Topshop over there
we're looking for somewhere to eat
really loving it sample so far to be
honest Ilya I think this could be like a
annual holiday destination phone okay
guys if it goes all these restaurants
are left already
teasing area because they just want
their takeaways then on the top of the
mug it just says salon always like what
like we just figured out an on a sitting
area so we missed our service oh my god
it's top kid said look at that picture
of you see it's sick mama show you
something oh this is the gelato sour
gelato
Gila ogle Arturo Gallardo is ice cream
well guys I got your ring do you like it
yeah cut for sale with a few scarves
anyone
the cats in Turkey are so stunning
you just spent like an hour haggling for
to seize new bag it's gorgeous I wanted
it but I let you have it but how nice it
anyway you find a vintage Turkish a
vintage shop how cool is that I am a
little bit peckish so I do any something
but I don't want to over eat cuz it's
very easy to put on weight
out here in Turkey I tell you about for
sure Oh much houses gon get dirty I tell
you what Turkey has been good tech he
has been flipping brilliant this
somewhere I would come again and again
swap cameras because my other one the
battery died so much charge yes that two
piece set that I bought from boohoo that
I showed you guys in my Hall and love
you guys are like how you gonna wear it
and kind of see hey you guys better you
can kind of say
I really like this drink I really like
it
