hi guys okay so basically goal day this
Saturday and today is Wednesday so in a
few days inshallah and I'm going to
Istanbul Turkey and so I do a packing
video for you guys this is my suitcase
behind me please ignore the getup I'm in
it's my house clothes and I try to make
my face presentable food this is about
all I could manage so I always have mega
mega mega issues with packing anyway I
always overpack and I always bring way
too much so I never end up wearing but
this time my luggage allowance is only
20 kgs where I'm used to usually like 23
or 26 or 40 if I'm going on Egypt there
I did this video to help me more than
anything to help me kind of control what
I'm bringing with me
I've waived my bag and I haven't gone
over the 20 kgs and that's the most
important they also still have a
completely empty carry-on suitcase
option that I could take if I wanted to
so that leaves me the option of bringing
back loads of things that I might buy in
Turkey which I probably will so here's
my suitcase okay - Ystad suitcase and I
opted to take since to case because and
I really got really really really
massive hard case suitcase and obviously
that would just be extra weight and
extra space for me to have more weight
which I'm trying to avoid so anyways I'm
going to start with this pop over here
it's a zip and why I've done it here
because it's not see-through as I've put
all of my um underwear and pajamas I
really got one pair of pyjamas with me
because that's all I need so I've got my
underwear then because it's concealed
and hidden and usually why do I get to
the hotel usually they have like a
hamper bag usually I use that then to
put all my dental washing in and bring
that back with me in that hamper bag so
didn't have one now so that's all
concealed so it's not embarrassing if
they need to check my bags and stuff
it's not stupid embarrassing and there
we go normally I put it
Big Bang but I didn't need to because
this was not seafood today
in here I have all of my cosmetics and
my toiletries in all of this and this is
the most amazing makeup / toiletries bag
that I've seen in my entire life because
it fits everything in and it was from TK
Maxx like this it's got pockets of hay
up here I've got like a nail polish so
I'm going to just one color I'm going to
be using I'm holding and it comes with a
little mirror over here in here I put my
eyeshadow palette I've also put my nose
rings in here and then in this little
dip I've got someone here I've got
embarrassing things that you don't need
to know about and then in here the
pockets over here I've got a razor
sharpener tweezers nail files hair bands
hair bubbles obviously we all need hair
masks to tie my hair up and then in here
I've got my Beauty Blender and some
little perfume samples because I don't
have a spray with me and then if you can
see on the sides I've managed to put all
the brushes I'm going to need then and
then I've got makeup wipes obviously and
then in each compartment I've got so
this compartment back come compartment
back here oil my face wipes my cream my
moisturizer my face wash there next door
is eyeliner all I either this or blushes
and like powders and then over here then
I got concealers and foundations and
it's literally everything I need quite
heavy but I don't have everything in one
in one place because for us girls
this is probably the most important bag
that we take with us so that just slots
my sling there as soon as I get to the
hotel I'll let you take that out open up
and keep it in the bathroom or next to
the mirror well I've done is I've tried
to instead of just like looking at my
cupboard and just taking out single
items and just checking them in and
deciding what to wear when I'm there
I've like tried on all my clothes and
figured out outfits for each day and
then outfit alternatives for a night
time option baby or if my clothes get
dirty or if I just feel like changing
and that kind of thing so I'm only going
for six days and all together for about
maybe even 12 outfits so on average it's
about two outfits per day but I've been
to Istanbul I don't know if I might
changing glitter my specialness evening
I don't know if I need to dress up I
don't know I don't know if I need to be
complete tourists with a backpack you
know I mean so suitcase is packed in
outfits basically and only bought with
me one main bag which is my little
rucksack actually put and all of my
underneath tops you know like how
sometimes you have seen through shots on
that I've put all of my underneath tops
inside that rucksack to save space and
then I just bought accessory bags so
that catches like this for evenings or
whatever and they're the only bags I've
taken with me basically I'm actually
also only packed with me three pairs of
sandals this pile over here is all of my
underneath Scots but underneath all that
is literally outfit for outfits off pack
leg trousers I'm going to wear with the
top I'm going to wear with the scarf I'm
going to wear with the shoes on them
wear with it
back here I've got a little bit in the
suitcase and in that's just got all my
accessories I've trying to keep that
minimal as well okay so this is the bag
that I take with me for my hand luggage
it's a great big massive leather
rucksack I got from Egypt it's not super
comfortable because it's a bit awkward
to get things out of when you need it
but it's the only suitable bag that I
have now pretty much episodes have
something on my back when I'm traveling
rather than something on my shoulder and
that can lincoler like to carry quite a
few things with me wow is that my well
okay so the first thing I have in my
hand luggage is makeup bag which will
have all the makeup that I will travel I
will apply on the day and the makeup
that I will just kind of need I don't
need with me on the plane if I want to
top up or it's basically what I'm going
to be wearing in the morning when I
apply my face and then instead of having
to my super simple it all back I'll just
thinking more handles with me and then I
carry with me a pair of flip-flops
because I never know what my shoe
situation will be how painful they will
be I always find myself wanting to
change out even if they're comfortable
sandals just change out of them and get
into flip-flops especially on the plane
so these were H&M select free pounds
always take with me a fresh pair of
socks because if the train is a little
icy train now I need the playing this
whole time
play because if the plane is really cold
then I like to wear socks also if I want
to take my fifth tops off in the plane
and put like my feet up and stuff
sometimes planes aren't very clean and
basically I don't want my bare feet
going on the floor so that's why I like
socks obviously I'm going to have my
passport this is just the sake of the
video usually Syd will carry everything
that we need passports and tickets and
everything with him and we keep it in
one place so it's my sudden you know
like safe and stuff a must is a pair of
headphones and these are our headphones
that are like this basically over the a
headphones I can't I can't use
headphones and Lester over there I never
hear anything properly with them the
ones that they give you on the plane I
got this from Urban Outfitters eight
years ago take my wallet I also like to
have my sunglasses with me in my hand
luggage because they always bulky the
suitcase and I think that they might
break if I look like crap I'll just
stick them on and as soon as I get to my
holiday destination I'll probably put
them on because it will be very sunny
hopefully then I have a lip balm with me
because I've been having some awfully
chapped lips lately and sometimes
lipstick is then annoying on the planes
I see if you're going to eat and sleep
and smudge I got those family toilet
whites so I showed you in my boots hall
as well as the hand cream I showed you
as well as some chewing out and as well
as some just regular handy how do you
like hand wipes to clean my hand width
and stuff and last but probably one of
the most important things is a hand
sanitizer because my planes just make me
so so and also like the toilet on the
plane sometimes you deserve it all what
threw it out are you going to all goes
yeah okay you bring any food back come
on yeah so anyway yes you need a hand
sanitizer and also I will be carrying
this around in Turkey where I'm just
going out and about to constantly center
hand so that everything like
take on a handling guys as for what I
would wear to travel and I like to keep
it super super comfortable obviously it
depends how long the flight is going to
be etc this flight turkey is only going
to be like almost four hours so for me
that's not long because well because
I've gone to Indonesian Singapore and
that is long that that those flights are
like get me off this plane now I cannot
move my face like I can't deal with this
flight unless you're flying first class
which I have not had the privilege to do
in my life so um it's always horrible
isn't it when you're on plane and you've
been like oh then you walk past the
business cars and they were like look at
my seat you know once I went to use the
loo in the business class section by
didn't nose in the business class
section I was just I was just like what
was the other toilet down that end
because this one on that end is full and
they wouldn't let me use it was so
embarrassing I was like oh my god are
you really not gonna let me use the
toilet like they're like no you can't
use it cuz you're in you're in cattle
class how's that I'm great
nice one you're so embarrassing myself
for this trip I'm gonna just be wearing
my skinny jeans which are super super
stretchy they're from River Island
they've got so much elasticity in them
that they are amazing but they're not
super elastic that they're not jeggings
basically because I hate that look on my
legs I need like full-on
jeans and so they're super comfortably
wearing those so that I can put my leg
up like this on the plane super
comfortable like and flex and then I'll
do it you just wear an oversized shirt
and then I've just got a white vest
underneath to add some length to my
outfit super comfortable black sandals
from hmm that's basically it
hopefully it's going to be a pleasant
journey I do enjoy playing journeys
especially with it especially a family
like I hope you enjoyed this baby random
a little bit all over the place video
however very fun and helped me a lot
this video and if you guys are going on
holiday have a good one obviously guys I
will be vlogging ever
day of Turkey for you guys I'll also be
doing a turkey lookbook video for me
answered by by anything I might do a
techie whole as well so you've got those
to look forward to I'm so have i anyway
thanks for watching this video until
next time bye
