hi guys so today I'm doing a tutorial a
few actually with whom I haven't done
scarf
/ temp tutorials in absolutely ages just
because I well I think of them loads and
there's so many people doing them now I
don't feel like they're much needed but
very recently I've been doing a lot a
lot of the turbine looks and I've been
doing them quite differently to to
basically ones that I've shown you on my
videos before and I was going through my
channel and I noticed that I did a
turbine tying video about three years
ago and for some reason I've always
thought that that one is quite up to day
but I watched it the other day quality's
awful because I used to film on my iPad
back then I don't wear the majority of
the style in that video anymore and so I
thought I'd do an updated video for you
my most recent turbine tutorial was the
one I did for Liberty which was a few
months ago and that one is using a great
big square scoff so the ones I'm showing
you today is going to be using a long
pashmina rectangle star scoff and these
are there's about four or five looks
that are basically the looks that I've
been doing over the past let's say i do'
six six to seven months i hope you guys
enjoyed this video and obviously all of
the looks are adjustable to your own
preferences so for example my base today
my underneath is quite high so all the
looks will be quite high however
literally if you just bring your you're
half ponytail to the middle of your head
or to the lower base of your neck then
all of the looks will just be
transformed into lower bun looks depends
what suits your face depends what look
you're going for when i do the higher
one it's usually when i'm feeling a bit
more glam i guess and the lower one is
you do when i'm just like a bit more
casual like whatever let me just talk to
you about what i've got underneath and
basically i've got my hair in a half
ponytail level with the top of my head
then I've got a small crappy cotton
scarf tied it around my head here and
wrapped the ends quite tightly around my
half ponytail and then I just got a band
down underneath and I'm just using a
black scarf so make sure your base is
perfect how you want it check it from
the back get a mirror I have a look at
it from the back make sure it's like
nice and compact and how you like it
basically and if it's too high for you
make sure you go lower spending good
like half an hour in the mirror sorting
out your base to how you like it
it's really worth it so hopefully all
these looks will help you and it will
keep by Tobin tutorials up-to-date
thanks for watching and till next time
bye so guys as you can see I put scoff
on my head once also alongside doubled
it over and now I'm going to swap sides
back of my head that makes sense
get the short side twiddle with it wrap
it over my bun and then I'm just go to
imaginary pin it and then get the long
side wrap that over is the well little
fiddle fiddle make sure it's all lovely
lovely lovely
and also it put an imaginary pin in as
well I'm not using tenders for any of
these looks because it's quicker but you
guys must pin to secure okeydoke
okay guys so this is the second look
yeah so you put the scarf on your head
get the two equal levels cross them over
like a cross whole wrap that round cross
it over again like a croissant
yeah so uh get those two pieces behind
this car yeah make sure you get some
ruffles in those ruffles this now and
then bring it over to the front like
crossing over most of what you want to
do is make a little bit you know roughly
a nice looking twist them round then
tuck that bejesus in front and get the
other one and tuck that in the front and
then you got a little nice nest on your
hair it goes to the forest and have some
birds um lay some eggs inside of there
thank you hey guys he's back to business
now we're on lick number three I've got
the soft on my head fold it over both
sides equal bring me around the back as
usual
swapping the sides over just making sure
it's all nice and neat and all that
kerfuffle grab any size you prefer and
I'm totally twisting twisting twisting
like a croissant as they'd like to say
wrapping it around the the bun part of
my head to create some extra volume and
tucking it in there obviously you'd pin
it and now I'm going to grab the other
side and have that sort of flatter and
place that behind the other twisted part
and then bring it around and tucking it
in and that's basically it
Hey hey guys is Sydney Dean here back in
the studio now this is luck number four
put the scarf on your head get two equal
lengths and cross them over actually
they're not equal one's longer than the
other get the short side put it over
your head and took down the back and
then get the long side and open it out -
oh my god
once you've opened it out put it back
and then what you want to do is you want
to do this the sweep effect I like to
call it so it goes over the eyebrow a
little bit and then over the head you
see that
that's nice okay and then you wrap it
back around the bun of your head and
then tie it on to the top of your head
so on to the final look I've got the
staff on my head with two equal sides
and this time instead of bringing it
around the back I'm bringing those two
sides around the front I'm creating like
a triangle at the top of my head if you
can see there and then I'm basic and get
about one side twist it twist it like a
cross on wrap it around and tuck it up
at the top obviously you thin it though
and then I'm going to get this side I'm
going to keep that nice and wide a bit
poofier and just simply plug that into
the other side and to finish off we're
just going to grab that little extra
piece that we've got at the front and
pin it into some nice folds to create a
nice little effect at the front and
you're done
Oh
