whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo hi guys wow
it's been ages since i sat under the
video anyway today's video I thought I'd
do a favorites video because well it's
been absolutely forever since I did a
favorites video and that means basically
that there is one do on this channel and
so it's going to happen today sorry for
my absence recently because they've just
been really ill and just haven't had any
motivation to get up and do anything
whatsoever and so I thought the easiest
way to get back into things is show you
guys a few favorites that I have and
I've been using and stuff like that
basically if at the end of that story
okay then so we'll get straight into our
jollity of my favorites are makeup
related yeah actually I was gonna do
like shoes and clothes and that but I
haven't really had favourites I've got
one piece of favorite clothing which is
just a really handy piece basically that
I've been throwing on almost every day
and that's it favourite number one my
nose is running
is this Kiko intense scheming intense
peeling box which is full of these
and they're like stashes two sachets
number one is an intense peeling wipe
that you take out of here and it's like
really you like rub it on your face and
it's like really I don't know what it
does but it feels like my face is
sizzling and it's burning away weird
things of my face and then the second
one is an intense peeling soothing white
which is understandable because you
would need to soothe your face after
sizzling off number one and I'd really
like these basically my skin's been
really really crazy dry recently and
like flaky and just just horrible
horrible and so this has helped and that
was only five pounds from the Kiko store
in London I think it's in regis street
somewhere by oxford street somewhere
down there sorry I just went and like
fixed my skull don't know I was supposed
to wear like a different kind of scarf
on my neck but what am I telling you
this
anyway next favourites are these two
babies and they are the LA girl Pro
conceal concealers I have one of them in
natural color and I have the other one
toast color and basically I got these
from Beauty be cosmetics which is an
online store that sells loads of makeup
products from different makeup brands
and they're really really great I've got
a few things from Beauty because metics
and they're just really great really
great company and so anyways I got these
from them and they are really really
bloody amazing to be honest with you
the like one obviously I use it for
around my eyes and things like that and
it's amazing it blends in great it
doesn't do the t decreases as badly as
other concealers have used it still does
it but not as badly and the dark one
I'll use sometimes for some contour I've
got them both on my face today so you
can kind of see them in action
there you go okay lovely next is also
from Beauty be cosmetics I'll leave a
link for the Beauty be website in the
description if you want to have a look
and this is a highlighter from the balm
cosmetics and it's the mary lou manizer
once i flippin love this I also have on
today look at the highlight on my cheeks
basically right I only just recently got
into highlighter I'd say like I don't
know maybe like two three months ago and
I wasn't even using a highlighter to
highlight I was using like um I shadows
to highlight and so this is my first
like oh no I do have a Mac highlighter
which I don't like but this is my first
kind of like of a highlighter that I
have I guess and it's great I've used it
on my cheeks today I've used up own
dominoes I've used it around my lips and
my chin and a bit on my forehead stone
okay basically all over Instagram all
over like blogs and everything people
are just banging on about NARS
foundation the all day luminous
weightless foundation and before that it
was the she glow foundation so I thought
let me try not as this is the first time
for me to try nas anything other than
lipstick and basically I went and bought
two foundations I bought she glow
foundation and I bought the all day
luminous weightless foundation the
luminous weightless foundation in the
ceilin Kayla how you pronounce it
stealin light six color and I bought the
sheer glow in the Punjab medium one I
ended up mixing the two foundations and
now I have them both on my face and
basically because I found that the mall
day luminous weightless foundation
although it feels amazing on the skin
and it really does feel completely like
um weightless and I didn't really I
don't think it gave me I don't think it
gave me such great coverage compared to
the sheer glow foundation that was like
really good like crazy coverage and
that's what I like so I thought let me
just mix
you see what happens and this is what's
happened basically and I really like it
so these are gonna be my two foundations
I guess probably for the next I'm gonna
guess about six months basically until I
figure out what other one I want to try
its foundation I really like it I so I
can tell you is on that face okay do it
yes I have this and it's basically um an
eyelash eyelash holder like eyelash fake
eyelash holder like that and I don't
know why these are probably been around
for flippin ages I don't know why I have
not come across this before but
basically I think I found this in the
pound shop or something I was like oh my
god that is just gonna save my life when
it comes to applying eyelashes and it
really has you know when you strip the
eyelashes off the off the packet and you
have to hold them like in the corner but
the glue Anya it's like really you need
to really steady hands and its really
really tender work so this I just put
the eyelash in like that put the glue on
the edge wait for it to dry and then
I'll place it on my ass like that
literally place it on keep it on lines
for a little bit take it off and the
eyelash is not perfectly on by the way
I've got eyelashes on today okay moving
on to the next one is actually
coincidentally good to be eyelashes I'm
not a mega mega fake eyelash buying
person usually when I do need fake
lashes I'll go and get the Primark fake
lashes or just the cheapest ones I could
find the boots because I literally don't
see it I don't know I don't maybes
because I don't wear fake eyelashes not
for me to see a massive difference with
all the with all the ones are flying
around everywhere but when I was in
Indonesia last November I think it was I
basically went to Debenhams in Indonesia
and in the concessions section they had
a I think it's like a Japanese makeup
brand I don't know if Japanese actually
yeah I think it's Japanese
Japanese or Korean maybe but I picked up
these eyelashes and one packet cost me
195,000 Indonesian rupees which is about
10 pounds and in one packet you get 1 2
3 4 5 rows sets of eyelashes which i
think is definitely worth money and what
i liked about these - I bought the two
different versions they had this pink
box right here well I loved about them
is that they're quite short in length
not like long wise I mean like they're
short in width sorry
so basically they fit around my eyes
perfectly because I hate it when you're
when it's too long and you've got to
snip a little bit off it and I hate that
basically so I actually have a pair of
these on mine um basically these
eyelashes are gonna last me probably for
next year and I didn't to buy any other
ones and they're perfect and the strip
of them is so so thin so you literally
like they just look like really good
meat eyelashes I'll zoom in on my face
you can see okay guys I'm so excited
about these they're just exfoliating
makeup wipes and usually when I get my
makeup wipes I just get grabbed them
from Tesco Asda or the pound shop or
bargain bargain home bargains you know
anyway whenever wherever I find make it
worse I'll just pick them up but I
accidentally picked these up in home
bargains the other day I don't have come
over so hot called home bargains or
something very similar to that anyway
and I picked up usually I pick up two
because it's like two for one pound or
something and I think the bees in there
double-action exfoliate exfoliate you
ones I just thought exfoliating or
whatever I should wipe but when I opened
it I'm gonna show you one I open it I
was like oh this is weird
it looks totally normal but the feeling
one side is completely smooth and the
other side has like these little
I know risen is an exfoliating pads and
literally when I take my makeup off of
this it's um it just wipes it away
amazingly and it also gets rid of the my
flaky skin especially around my nose and
around my chin area and I just feel like
usually when I use regular makeup wipes
I have to use about I'd say I need to
use like three or four to get every
little bit of makeup off
but with this I literally used one and
it got everything off - the eye makeup
if I'm using a heavy eye makeup well it
got everything off like foundation wise
and I felt super super I felt like I'd I
felt like a completely cleanse in my
face by just using a white basically so
you know totally worth totally worth it
guys it's the pee or something
ridiculous like that my next favorite is
actually a piece of clothing and it's a
hoodie it's actually a hoodie from my
clothing line team talking yeah surprise
surprise but anyway it really really is
a favorite of mine because I don't know
about you guys but here in Birmingham
for the past let's say and they're
probably like two weeks the weather's
been so weird it's been sunny it's been
warm and then it's been absolutely
freezing and then the past week has been
crazy windy like disgusting weather
really really shameful weather and
basically when I want to go out I
haven't been going out anywhere really
exciting or doing anything exciting but
things like supermarket quickly just
quick some if I just have to quickly get
dressed or go somewhere basically let
you put on black skinny jeans and throw
this hoodie on the top with like a vest
underneath or something and it's so
comfortable and yeah I just just drown
in it I just love it basically so and
that is a massive favor of mine recently
I really can't show you other clothes
because I haven't really been wearing a
lot of clothes to be honest to do
because I've been at home a lot because
I've been feeling really ill but I will
do a shopping haul and make in my next
video or something and I'll show you
loads of clothes there anyway guys last
but most certainly not least is this
you have to bear with me because it's
very heavy the most amazing thing I
currently own in my life and it is this
big acrylic beauty organizer box and I
got this from makeup box London and they
are on Instagram so I'll leave the link
for them below as well but look at it I
mean every bit of makeup that I own is
located in this one two three four five
yes every bit of makeup that I own is
located in this five layered fine
drawers of makeup organization
okay just just enjoy that for a minute
look at that all of my makeup in here I
love it it literally saved my life if
you guys saw in my room tour my dressing
table is getting very very cluttered and
to be honest with you I really really
dreaded having to get dressed and not
not getting dressed but I really dreaded
having to get my face on basically
because I have to rummage and find
makeup here and make up there and then
put it all back in this annoying
literally this let me go through this
top layer is compartments okay
I have eyebrow business over here I have
eyeliner business pencil eyeliner then I
have liquid liner business then I have
mascara business second layer is all
concealers and things like that oh and a
few nail polishes third layer or
lipstick fourth layer all blushes
bronzers and highlighters fifth layer
all foundations and powders I mean I
mean seriously if you do not have one of
these you need to get one is I don't you
know I have I love it it also came with
a separate acrylic makeup brush holder
but I haven't used that yet just because
um I have too many brushes and they have
to decide what the most important
brushes are to be used but anyway this
is the main Beauty okay guys if you
don't have one I really urge you go get
one I got it from makeup box London and
oh my god I'm so thankful to them
seriously I this is my ultimate favorite
it's gonna be if I actually do that
favorite video every single month this
would be in it every single month it is
such a life saver you have no idea it
looks really pretty on on my dressing
table so anyway that's it but anyway
guys that's the end of my favorite video
I hope you enjoyed it and I'll see you
in my next video which will either be a
regular vlog or it might be a shopping
haul video and things like that also let
me know what you want to see I'm gonna
try and do videos with it on our channel
so insha'Allah if we get time but anyway
thanks for watching and until next time
