hi guys yeah I'm vlogging after the
longest time ever anyway I'm in London
with my sister bahama of course anyway
it's the abb√© collection it's the app
launched today in London in east
shopping centre and so I'm getting ready
I'm ready to go there basically
god I look so much better in the mirror
there in camera what is it was a rubbish
I want to change my whole outfit now
look at my horse my horse is amazing
give it a lick mmm it tastes just like
raisins
I think I'm gonna rock the whole day for
you guys so if I can't get any so should
be fun hi to YouTube the people know
that crazy anyway a little dish shop AB
and this have you been subject to the
loser okay I'll just be saying hi guys
everyone anyway this is the winner of
the 500 pounds
I'm Virginia
she sings Nikki pictures with me this
one this one didn't even ever change
brightness on my phone boys Tina's going
to do tutorial scenes and she's over
there talking to a lot of people Deena
Deena
hi guys so I'm like review that I need
to cry into me but he obviously loved
that scene anyway and so you give us
what YouTube is everything I know she
wants but usually Oh guys look she wants
to start YouTube but she's scared so
like there'll be others be nice
watch out for the face we're gonna get
you from volcanic Rome from London or
sometimes you can do like the best
friend time you know yeah new best
friends
I'm basically almost 10 years older than
these two not my chocolate chip amazing
oh yeah guys best miss here as well did
you already talk with her bebop my
summary yeah she did
first note what have you been doing
anything on YouTube for ages
when of as many photographers guys so
basically what happened yesterday is
that I didn't really get a chance to
vlog anything at the AB storage because
God so many of you turned up it was
amazing and so I was just too busy
taking selfies in and taking selfies and
doing things like that and meeting
everybody so I'm back time that was over
I was so tired I'm got to try and get
home and I just couldn't get my camera
out and just came to Tuesday's house and
just slept so this is the morning after
so I'm gonna vlog today with to see and
yousuf my bros anyway I mean my bro my
brother anyway um
well I was gonna say I'm so tired can
you hear my voice okay and that's that
okay by me it's what no I look like
basically we just like tomatoes and got
free tea and coffee because to see gets
free free coffee every day come from
great Rose Park
not to see guys wait control happen is
slapping our next mess I am me
I mean TCI in this actually gallery and
this is the first thing that's on
display it's a bunch of plastic bags in
a humungous pile it is my foot for scale
to see you just wanna jump on it it you
just feel like jumping on it like jump
right in the middle right there
guys is it me or sometimes art really
overrated like this is beautiful
beautiful piece I don't know what it
means but then you've got this these
bits in the middle which looks like like
a finding out true I don't know maybe
I'm just not like 40 but that that
plastic blue bin bin bag stuff was just
just comes the all the time guys should
just take a break everybody felt me
admiring the artsy check out on
Instagram and you love this guy artists
and art watches and I kiss OH
yes I heard of him yeah and then this
question is yeah reading specialist
anyway guys what do you notice about
this painting right here it's the
painting of a girl he's got an eye
bloodied knife in her hand and on the
floor is something that she's chopped
off what you think and then we've got
this one over here please no
sixteen-year-old viewers please okay I
like this room guys
that's lovely and then look at this it's
just floating these great big massive
pods and fun for scale banana for scale
eventually had Liz people over and he
just filled this Bob with a lot of
months yeah but he put paper at bottom I
like this red one I would just advise in
there guys it looked to me like a hedge
every woman at the praying frogs back
and you see on histogram and then some
Chinese guy he's got next to him he was
like I just think it looks like and I
was like he was like and then he says
yeah guys I'm back home in Birmingham
now handle air sorry if this was a lame
vlog but anyway I just want to show you
guys this card that I bought for Sid
from the statue gallery she found it
hilarious it says I love you nearly as
much as Kanye loves himself
ah and I want to show you my PJs do you
like them they're from seeking max to
see was a bit freaked out by them but
anyway that's the end of my vlog I'll
see you in my next video okay
