hi guys okay so today's video I'm gonna
do my eyebrow routine how I fit in my
eyebrows and I've had so many different
faces with my eyebrows actually when I
was getting married I feel lazy filled
them in with black pencil using a angled
brush and I saw was doing that recently
but then I felt like they were looking
too heavy and then obviously you guys
know I went through a phase where I was
bleaching my eyebrows I'm going really
really light and we really really thick
and now I'm sort of just going more with
my natural color which is dark brown I
think my eyebrows dark brown I don't
know because with no filling with no
eyebrows finning they're sort of the
hair themselves the black book because
there's it doesn't seem to they're not
like so thick so it looks maybe like
they liked it that's why the black
doesn't really help with me so anyway
now I'm going for a dark brown sometimes
I go for a medium brown and but now I'm
going for a more natural whatever my
color clothes the closest to my color as
possible I'm the closest to my shape
that's possible as long and this is what
this is look like I'm gonna do feel
right now that that's the best look for
me anyway what you gonna need for this
or what I use for this is I use my
Beauty Blender which is an absolute mess
don't worry have a new one I'm just
using the old oval for now and then I've
got my preferred eyebrow kit whichever
one you use I'm using the collection mm
I mark it and it was something like four
four pounds and it's really really good
and I'm gonna be using the dark brown
color on the end sometimes I'll use the
medium brown I'll never use this color
but sometimes I'll use this one but for
this video I'm using this one and then
you're gonna need your angled brush mine
is the Mac 2:08 I think it's the only
angled brush they have because it's the
only one that go out to me one else in
fine angle brush and it's really good
and then you can need a little concealer
brush this isn't a concealer brush is an
eyeshadow one but I've used this you can
need a little brush and then you need a
concealer I'm using the Maybelline age
rewind one it's Maybelline I did
accidentally call it Garnier before
it's mainly and then I have this soft
ocher paper for usage that well and then
I have my sleek makeup palette which is
in own naturelle and I'm just going to
be using this color anyway I'm just
gonna be using the light color at the
end and basically that is optional it
depends if you want to go for a full
look or if you want to go for you for it
depends what you're doing with the rest
of the face really but I thought I'll
just show you the whole thing for and
then you can just take away or add more
whatever and then your gonna need a
little pot of water as well okay
so let's jump straight into it shall we
okay so here are my brows no with
nothing on them basically I plucked them
and trimmed them as I would normally and
they're a little bit patchy because oh
sorry you just load up there a bit
patchy because I literally am trying to
grow them out and because of all the
phases I went through with dyeing them
etc anyway I just sort of brush them up
a little bit and then what I do get my
Maybelline and concealer I called it
Garnier before but it's Maybelline I
just done a little bit on here because I
do like to conceal them very very
slightly just because I feel like that's
just why I should do I don't know why
anyway and then it's going to get my
really really old Beauty Blender and
just Pat it in so then my eyebrows
prepped and ready to go okay get my my
bracket and like a Shoji is the
collection 2001 right now and I'm just
going to go for the darker color which
is right on the end sometimes I look at
the mid color so this just varies
depending on how I feel but I'm gonna go
for the darker color it so out of my
water
I'm gonna dip my brush very lightly in
there and then just get the back of my
hand and so wipe off like this and that
just makes the point of the brush more
more precise so it's better
say I'm gonna do that Bay again can you
do not get your eyebrows done girl hey
I'm gonna go ahead of it here and what
I'm doing is just brushing brushing the
excess on the first oh do you see what
I'm doing I'm getting the part that I
already put in here and so striking it
which was the front of my brow so I can
give it that bit a lighter cuz I'm gonna
feel like when I put it directly on the
front he looks like I've got tattooed
eyebrows it is awful anyway now I'm
gonna go for the top part which I'm
going to start at going the same point
and I'm gonna brush it forward you see
that you see them you see what I'm doing
there good forget let's go through this
phase where I just make up a song and
they just get stuck in my head for ages
anyway
now what you see what I'm doing here I'm
just that line you see a really obvious
light just drink it down
blending it into my hairs all the while
oh by the way I'm dipping into my water
and then brush it off sir you do that
whenever you feel is necessary
okay I feel like this one's done and
I've got a little bit problem with the
squareness here so I'm it you just gonna
wipe off and then we brush in the mirror
it looks perfect but in their combined
looks I mean I'm going to leave that one
for now and go do this side let's go for
it
first really we're doing this in this
room and with this mirror in my hand
then no me to do that I'll only sound
flowing from the mirror and do my makeup
I can't do that when I'm filming because
they're you guys would see everything
there's always one eyebrow that people
do that they find easier than the other
one
and I think this one is it's the easiest
one for me
oopsy-daisy is will clean up later don't
worry about that guys we can clean that
down a little bit up in a minute I'm
just gonna brush that do
can you see why I'm doing is it being
done color at the end there middle then
I'm going to get the brush the gel that
came with the connector mm pack and I'm
going to just brush the hairs on my
eyebrow just to keep it in place and
keep the powder in place during the day
as well I really really don't think guys
it makes any difference whether you get
an eyebrow kit or what if you just pick
your brown eyeshadows fix all the same
thing and obviously it's just marketing
isn't it so I think I shadows work fine
okay so brush the brows guys my soft
ochre Mac Paint Pot and I'm gonna clean
up the edge this is optional like I said
I mean if you're gonna if you're going
out somewhere if you go back to wedding
you're doing a full face it's nice to do
this but if you just like me now you
don't really need to do this bowl just
do it anyway just for the sake of the
video something that the anything
and I've done it very very lightly as
you can see it just cleaned up the front
of hit was in the way anyway guys what
do you think my next video should be I
think it should be a rental cuz I would
tell you guys how all the deals are in
IKEA ok I'm going to clear up that bit
that we had a problem with area that's
the cleaning process done now what I'm
going to do again this is optional I'm
going to get my sleek makeup palette
which is just their natural what I think
I'm gonna go for the light color I'm
gonna go grab the light Dena Machamer
gonna grab the light color on the end
and normally I would use a brush but I
don't have it with me so I just got my
little finger just on the brow bone
disperse that for you guys this very
lightly same on the other one now
depending on what I'm doing sometimes up
at the highlight on the arch of my brow
as well but I won't do anything special
today I'm just going to cut it so I
don't need to do that so that's it like
my eyebrow routine done I hope that
helped ease on my brows with the rest of
my face curl your eyelashes guys this is
a good tip when you curl your eyelashes
just and the mother of your fingers
anyway guys I hope you enjoyed it and I
will see you on the next video which is
probably gonna be either my room tour
for my wardrobe room which is over there
or it will be a possibly a makeup
tutorial for the last picture I put up
on Instagram and it'll be either one of
them or maybe a shopping haul anyway
thanks for watching until next time
peace
