three in the pier ribs and sis Kayla's
head wrapped oh yeah muster II get
Muslim Emily like Ali Baba like Ali Baba
nothing you look good keep it all guys
all right by the big pyramid whoo yeah
trust me just do it
go on go over there go there take
forever you got come on hey so sorry
give me a come on everyone together
lemonade one marble and something like a
second 1/2 million is too hot hottest
one of my stolen tips check in with
pyramids area how big it is massive man
you know look at some horses get some
tour guide I don't know have to give him
some tips or not I don't know what to do
hello come on hurry oh god oh my god
what is so sick Oh guys we need small
pyramids I went inside how it has to go
all the way up there not louder camera
but since coming back up because I'm gay
I'm getting claustrophobic to be honest
with you I'm sweating insane what's down
this it is a West cooler I think I went
when I was a kid older ah so hot there
was some crazy I'm visiting thought some
crazy workout wasn't it got it you want
we're all out cameras in HIPAA filming
anyway literally at the time Oliver it
was so steep and you had to like stay
bent so your head doesn't hit the oh do
you good that's been - oh god damn I'm
so hammered I'm swayed like I'm gonna be
in Spanish don't just go back up just go
out of this goodbye three six foot
I mean even backup looka looka Tina his
little sister slow path on your horse
food I finally got rid of our tour guide
Sid was getting so annoyed with him but
it was nice he's just helping us thus it
was getting annoyed man guys music just
trying to do that what's it called
follow me pictures we spent ages trying
to do everywhere sort the darian
versions anyway I'm the man in this
relationship so we doing it the other
way around that's what I'm saying will
you say it self in the pyramid game
follow wood on this way this way selfie
look guys a little bit and this is the
pyramid and this is the big one and what
we do is we go around and inside and we
try not to pay money for the gamin oh no
you don't do this because I make you can
come with me I'm a comment saying oh you
make fun of Asia make money yellow
I am ejections I am Egyptian I can make
fun if I want to yes okay hey WA hello
I still hello hi hello hello hello - but
we leave now there's a behind us there's
some desert and there's a stink is over
there henyk so we're gonna go all the
things that we'll go get lunch and then
we're going to Zara country club to do
some quad biking yes mankind can achieve
you're so rude where that is true that
was what it was thought the statement
needs to feel because a bit of middle of
the city buddy anyway Celia
hi guys music just about to go
quadbiking in Stara country club over
there basically can you put this inside
your bag me oh you said on the bike we
just stop and I will get to take the
picture now
here dead I said since I'm gonna laugh
sits best time to go quadbiking ever
he's having a laughing off okay we'll
give this guy it's slightly too excited
okay sit please come back close it the
guys chasing after come back well how's
that
you know busting because and tape
wouldn't know he's going to know the
ammo
hey come down now you know
don't say something
guys means it just trying to cross the
road I was taking those ages to figure
out across the road over there ins a
moment this guys doing it like a pro Oh
traveling to faith in you they go really
fast it they slowed up
we just went to downtown mall to get an
adapter for our charges - bus
don't believe me just watch with me up
just running on the road I don't give a
 man
and now loves and my toes some
people rise how funny is the Arabic
voiceover on a Chinese or Japanese a
programmable una and here the area hot
Helen Time magazine is it on that mug
Surya do I have to give me quite a bit
of time okay they are not a Haram no iid
for a big yes want to find me another
one
I can't even see you there what's up
guys just in the leather shop of that
the electricity has cut out in and
here's on another it's all I'll ever do
the coin you can barely see see the
leather do you like that color Cydia
it was a electric just kinda Mattel cows
like oh man you get this cow fast
okay Tina
let us create let's go cop this guy
right here we're gonna treat like the
struts and stuff
get it a bit more stained what do you
think YouTube is that a nice bag I don't
know come on this sick base humongo
where you get it yes sick right yeah
maybe I think it's in decent price I can
maybe get get straps honestly on the
back
hey guys I said hey guys hello peeps
somebody just took a on our plate
you know when it sometimes you get that
you get that you get like a hardcore
diary and it like explodes out your ass
wait wait wait
do you always sometimes they like
explodes our ass and it makes the specs
on the sizes on the side of the inside
by the toilet that's what that is
you just ate poo
