hi guys so today is day two and if the
Sun is very bright and the sunrise like
this day two and best McKay is here no
related lovers arriving at night so
probably go for dinner with her and
Chawla and then probably sit there
zippers and we're going to go to Timmy
Hortons which is apparently the best
coffee place in Canada and everybody's
recommended it to me so we'll see you in
Timmy Hortons alrighty okay
sometimes it ate so sorry now I'm sorry
YouTube you do not copy what's it's
doing he's not a good example of life
what the hell you know the example of
life I really put my middle finger on
but you know for you guys I will by the
way guys we just where you get the best
macaca stick ages there Eddie well
actually she just woke up
educators - huh I dunno whether it's
purses up or not
she goes out a shot so soon he's come
today whether to upload or not yeah
oh he's gonna upload it cuz he doesn't
have anything to upload this all and
she's arrived some till a long time on
my time getting ready we just stood on
planted the lovely bow by the way for
Best mystic oh really yeah oh geez best
man on her birthday in Canada yeah first
day how you feeling
gosh I had good sleep what did you have
time to go around today
and I'll FaceTime my family oh oh hi
butters family do you miss her no okay
well they said they did it really quick
 outfit probably see on Instagram
later and they said all that wonderful
where are we going
yeah
so we just picked up no really love
anyway so she just came and now she's
here I'm not the end of that story's
real-life gun Wednesday she tripping up
but she's tiny
looks like the leg well lucky the size
of a ghost I smile yeah whatever yeah so
Nora's here and we're gonna go now
cuz are you cutting off your face for a
reason yes to get your visit yeah good
you sure she's only in real life by the
way I'm like a giant compared to
everybody he only nine like you have you
see me stand up yeah yeah majolica but
everyone else's Livi answers puzzles
here then she would be dying but she's
not here so shame on New Year's
anyway willyblog later ok bye goodbye
hey it was some more of your English
your famous English I'd say ok there you
had to talk exciting like movie King so
funny when Americans do it oh it's so
Oliver Twist it's really I'm gonna be
dressed yet no wonder mom then you're on
the small I love it good so nearly
American accent oh well alright
ok wait I'll do my mind wearing like oh
my god am I good accent I do it I do it
completely like not not how you guys do
it you do it like oh jeez it is a good
there's a good
no I love it but is it good I don't like
it
yep start okay oh so basically she's
bullshitting she doesn't watch any of my
videos I know whatever whatever yeah
okay
sadly every performer yeah it's just
like America possess we at Walmart yeah
I mean I girl where am i I feel like I
went somewhere for and then all of a
sudden I see Home Depot Walmart like
where mini America best one yeah how
does it feel to be kind of in saving
your lashes are getting a lot behind you
here yeah they are I was looking to
about that sure lashes to just give me
some advice
let's get real
by nine okay all right three guys Oh
sauce
oh wait what's going on okay so guys
basically miss buzzes here America but I
did penny this goes up some yeah no I'm
miss much
reunited and I owe her dinner no she
does not know you do that way we're
gonna take a dinner one day before we go
back
nice man miss bottle there every time I
say your name is gonna be like that miss
Bai Zi hua hiding me like what are you
doing I just want to seem like that
because that's how you say it no that's
not any day that's how you introduce
yourself I miss model day miss ball day
mommy well day hell Nora and her perfect
makeup bag I came back y-yes
yeah right and her begging it London
accent yeah faking it oh you don't know
that means no begging it like trying too
hard right I'll take it a fizz out here
so that's the end of the big eyes
basically I forgot to vlog during dinner
and then after dinner I went to best in
his room with the girls and we had good
settings and then I came back to the
hotel and it's just contact obviously
he's tired cuz he's a man man just sleep
basically I mean meant to sleep anyway
now I'm gonna sleep because tomorrow is
the main event so they go he could see
my hand
