when is the twin type happening now on
Donilon
my sister is here my twin sister and we
can do the twin tag yay finally she
agreed anyway we have to try and look at
the lens because otherwise you just look
okay look at the lens no no ourselves
I've never done a magenta fault like
this anyways never done a video so I'm
looking on my Instagram and all the
questions and there's 835 obviously
anantam all of them obvious but we'll
try
obviously not do you want to do what's
the hell is up okay some net most likely
to survive a zombie apocalypse I think
hmm me obviously no me why are you hmm
probably me actually probably me but
then she she started doing insanity and
yoga so now probably here no no it's not
about that
yeah it's about our brains to survive
rock hey do it like it's a bit like The
Hunger Games who would survive the
Hunger Games it's a bit like The Walking
Dead
no but the Hunger Games my design games
you just have brains two strong people
didn't survive its whoever was clever
enough but that's not zombies that's
like booby traps yeah you have to be
ruthless and you have to be spiteful and
you have to be really deep down so you
go to survival really I might weigh too
much if you see The Walking Dead The
Walking Dead zombies just walk on it is
and you just literally walk out you you
could walk away from them and they
weren't catchy no no my lord it's my
ears and survival without food and
things like that it's not about
sneakiness and your bobbies epic we're
talking to you yesterday clever I don't
know okay Nick I go running you don't if
you if your own about you don't go
running okay well I Jedi do do yoga
do not run hi that's all you do faster
than you
voil√° how come you don't look alike how
could we don't look at me well I think
it's because we're not identical twins
probably sling and and anyway actually
we do look alike really but a scarf
changes every yell it should be quite as
wide as a turban so we can look at when
you look at baby picture supposed to be
looks like let's just come here look at
me like we don't look we've got the
thing is I've got a moon face I've got a
round face Dina has a long face so I've
always had a round chubby face whereas
Dina
okay you're going extinct too much we're
gonna be here for half an hour okay keep
explaining things like this I know Arabs
love more cell Salette do you like to
watch a muscle cell or film a muscle
cell is a program in Arabic means Pro
well we like EastEnders so yeah I like
to send us
I do love muscle sons especially in
Ramadan like those funny ones with the
band with all the wives and all that
really hilarious yeah for lucky people
are not proper hilarious yeah but we
haven't watched any for ages yet who's
the evil one Peter obviously you love
Cena's evil one sorry here's the main
head mega she said she wishes I die
build a no say that I didn't say that
that's really rude she wishes I'm dead
all time so I don't unique you are the
only I don't like open wrong that's good
I really mean I'm not that evil
let's hold on how funny of these daddy's
favorite use if it hasn't yeah yeah I
don't think we're daddy's face we're not
that his favorite user not Saddam house
I'm casa
yeah house enthusiasts daddy's face has
Murphy only all these little little
daddy's little boy since were little
brat he's not mummys lil boy mama
doesn't stand for spoiled children
he's daddy's lil yeah but he's the one
who goes and gives everyone the hugs and
is all nice whereas we were like yeah
Anna yeah what is her real name my real
name is Tess name which I never use
people either call me Taz or to see so I
said really
yeah and then we have do you have the
same taste in clothes no it might rain
my clothes right right now I'm
head-to-toe in to see except for the
stokke except for this go from head
that's one of the later ones but
everything else is to T's acceptance
necklaces all that was gifted to me
Ashley by somebody in the pizza so we
generally do not have the same style and
we never have we boil I think we've
always looked at each others clothes and
discussed I don't look at your clothes
and discuss used to yeah before when we
were young young like 17 18 or we had
wait and I've never liked Deena's
clothes really but recently I've liked
them more because she's been copying me
a bit so I've liked a good sir yeah
the thing is she doesn't like my clothes
in that but sometimes she'll go through
my water bill I like that
but then she learn really differently
very differently and I like things to
cease
I'm very different shoe style as well
I'm bad style yeah she'd be nice to
anyone oh no I yeah cuz I get waved load
from prime market issues a great big
snob I'm not anyway I
playing bag of shoes I've stopped
throwing bags do still got expensive
taste that I'm I'm bit lucky if we had
if we both were given 100 pounds do you
would buy a hundred items with it where
I was I'd buy one that's the difference
that's funny I add those truth yes -
that's the difference not a hundred
items I'd probably get she'd try and get
as much as she can with the time with
100 pounds just doesn't have a piercing
near her lips and isn't it Haram I do
have a piercing near my lip - look right
there well there's nothing like that yes
and I don't know if it's Haram or not
but I don't know and I didn't notice her
Armand or I don't know if lip piercings
are mono spear single eyebrow or
whatever it didn't hurt you're not
supposed to harm your body it didn't
hurt me at all so guess it's not her oh
um who is older by seconds and who is -
this is older by second yeah I'm older
by three seconds and my mom is three
it's about that much because my mom had
to have a cesarean because she'd want
her to know why what there's this person
no it's not okay mama Travis's areas
very to get me in to see out because in
the womb my cord was wrapped around her
neck and I like my name is yet an
emergency cesarean because Dina was
already trying to kill me so who's the
evil one now eh
so we've been fighting else is better
anyway who's most activist sports to see
right now by just viewing I was younger
both into sports but Dina was more of a
tomboy when she was young and she was
very much into football she's a little
little boy really and I wasn't and then
it we change all the time
yeah we change right now right now I'm
into getting fit well and I meant to get
back okay who's more mature I think
they're different stages we switch I
think no no I think you're maturing some
things and not and then sometimes you're
like ridiculous so you don't rest yeah
no but some things you're like you good
luck have time to move nothing so do you
because everybody thinks that you're Mel
Mitchell I look I assume I come across
as more mature because I actually
finished uni indeed I didn't not know
what no who is a pig for food me we can
both be pigs but Dina's yeah but I'm
your you Pig I love pigs do you know Stu
Pig ma'am I don't love Dina oh one thing
you just like about each other
oh one thing well
just like you done' like this bow eps
this is what i think i just like your
snobby personality that comes across
sometimes sometimes come across like you
have not be personality by no you're not
snobby but it can come cause that's what
i don't know
that's what know sometimes it not i am
it's not well no no you're not it's not
but it can look like that sometimes
I dislike Deena basically every time she
uses anything of mine it will come back
completely ruined whole makeup stains
just completely lost one thing that you
do that makes it obvious that you're
twins talk too much we'd have to ask our
friends shops we don't have any oh yeah
I know one thing which everyone
complains about that we both do
oh yeah ignore people's calls and texts
yeah well you know I was really really
bad so we're getting better but we
really like oh yeah no penitent doesn't
happen all we just think of oh you're
better whatever okay are you two best
friends of each other no I don't know
not really I think if we weren't sisters
we probably will not be friendlier all
right oh no we're not better each other
but then there's times where basically
sometimes we really get on and then we
can get on for like two hours which
we're getting on right now so we
probably will have a huge fight in the
next few hours
cuz I'm leaving anyway today in fact
just so he's found do much time together
that's it because do you think does
things that annoys me like when she
comes to stay in Cardiff she'll use my
toothbrush which is fine she'll just use
people's things I got all my do dream
yeah right you go on too much you do for
to see for you or for me since Deena
getting married are you missing her and
what do you miss the most about her on a
question for you
well then yeah I guess I do miss Deena
she wasn't really living at home before
we've met we haven't lived together for
a while because I was in London while
she was in college I was in London for a
bit while she stayed in Cardiff then I
moved to Egypt and she was still in
Cardiff in shame and I'm like yes I
moved back to calamity - you move to
Egypt mouth and got we've been learning
apart in quite a while to be honest and
so we're not really mega close like that
mmm I'm used to not living with her so
it wasn't such a big yet then asking you
why you don't miss me the army
really such a big deal that she's left
as I said she didn't miss me then okay
Dina
um think up she can do makeup and I
can't sir
because I'm then you make up twice in my
life no like a good on my wife I see I'm
if I make I'm for my wedding day I did
her makeup and my own makeup and and
then I did her makeup at somebody else's
wedding the other day twice a month
yokas Dina's gonna make it on I'm
terrible at makeup I compliment but I
make up a chance on it when we're in
tinted moisturizer I can't put
foundation on because I just look like a
drag queen one of our foundation of July
and anyway anyway yeah when is she gets
married I have no idea what I'm getting
married when Robbie know is less Chrissy
on how tall are you both I'm one hundred
sixty seven centimeters and you are oh
it's all oh come on she's a question
yeah
impression of each other right okay dude
all right I'm gonna deal hi guys
I'm here to Tokyo and this is what I'm
wearing today my school sleazy doll can
you see
yeah all right this is duty dinner oh I
serve a No
oh ho the bimbo Isis depend but Allah oh
well I like this shoes and then I'll be
like oh she's not true wait wait wait I
like your shoes
and I'm like oh yeah they're from flower
I really I really like them them to me
to say I'm like I never Primark hatch is
that earth no yes okay I don't mind
she's going on Tuesday I'll do it hey no
it's not okay next that's mean what do
we have in common we have in common as
I'm sorry our sarcasm and we both talk a
lot we both do no but sarcasm and sense
of humor and like the kind of plumber
that I like we're both very much into
shopping we can probably shop forever
yeah we both spend too much money on
clothes and we always have why do you
never take pictures together because
Tuesday because dearly juiciness let me
to loosen up for like four years I've
been asking to see to come to often
doing the beam of it just do what I do I
like net no friends are we it's nice it
yeah you're kinda weird they're
obsessive
ya know Ivan must rude no I didn't say
that I don't think you guys are weird
oh okay sometimes it's a bit weird but
it's like oh my god Dean I love you I'm
just like really how why what is this
love for this week anyway
um no I don't like being in the picture
is put horrible ones with me it makes me
look for Alya that's what you do go on
to tease Instagram mate you'll see
million photos of me what's the craziest
thing you guys did at school together
it was stealing mom's car three a.m. and
then blinker on cuz we're so scared oh
yeah we basically our friends went over
run run - I was a little bit yeah and we
didn't recently pass the driving test
after about three days three thousand
hours of lessons and 80 hours of
literally fell
the temps anyway and she finally passed
so then we snuck out into the night try
to be all we had a sleepover with our
friends stuck on the mid of the night
Dena stop driving we freaked out so much
so scared we're gonna have an accident
or something was going to happen that we
started playing Khurana sitting there
really scared not only that but we
didn't want her to know so we put petrol
in the car and it was already low so the
next morning when she going out of class
she was like oh I've suddenly got back
from my car how did that happen
that's how she found out would you ever
have a youtube channel brackets not Dena
offs would I have our YouTube channel I
would in fact I might because I might do
a turbine tutorial because everyone's
asking me who attempt tutorial the thing
is this is I just feel a bit freaked out
by it talking to myself on camera and
also I know have a fancy camera like
Dena I only have an iPhone borrow it
without even though I've done her to
talk turbine tutorial many times in many
videos ok this is different because I
use square scarf long as I prefer them
so I will show you guys how to do it
I've been saying that for ages on
Instagram but I will actually get down
to it with the tokyo's help inshaallah
Salma Kareem said please shout me out on
the video so I'm a curry shelter what do
you do that was when the pressures what
do you do to see what do you do like
everyone knows I just posed around on
the Internet
well what do you do basically I did a
business degree and then I went and did
a graduate diploma in law so I've got a
bit of both and then I've done a lot of
experience in law firms and loads of
finance banking business things so
basically now I'm going into a legal job
and which is to do with immigration and
Asylum so that's what I'm going into
right now I don't know what the future
holds I just go oh no that was a good
life I don't know what the future holds
I just go with the flow it probably
hopefully go into human rights or
something that's the plan but it's very
difficult to get into the legal field
and it's alright we don't want like I'm
successful in the legal field so so
basically I have a nose piercing TC has
a lip piercing she's gonna get a nose
piercing and I'm gonna get a lip
piercing I don't know other side of your
is that so I'm gonna be too big for a
nose piercing cuz it were just inside I
guess when I look like a cow like my dad
says
you know my daddy's like a girl I'm
gonna get lip piercing on this side
because my name is here you should get
it on that side she knows is where as my
nose yeah you should go there Lila I
don't know if up opposites will be bad
or to have on the same side so shall I
just go and get all symmetric off a lip
piercing here and to nosepiece yeah I
want to get a second nose piercing I
want to buy just the only thing stopping
me is the pain factor the weeks after
the pain my enjoy the pain like for
example when they did my lip piercing
they took on a heart like that they got
a massive needle never like this pushed
it in DJ my friend desperate you didn't
even that is like Jillian flinch that's
the end of that video anything you'd
like to say to see to your viewers well
hi Dina Tokyo's fans and it was nice
meeting you for the first time
alrighty then thanks for watching guys
until next time keep food you just film
it isn't that's disgusting
