hi guys so today I officially turn 1/4
of a century old 25 years old and we're
going to celebrate even though don't
feel like celebrating because I'm old
and disgusting but ham de l'air for
everything and his suit this is my first
birthday we said Wow yeah mine you
better make a special anyway shut up so
we're going out today we're gonna go to
the zoo later as well so we're gonna
film that I don't think you know how ya
got me
Sanna haha ya got me Sarah hey what no
no you were right Santa hey Luis and a
halwa Sena he'll way again me happy
birthday in Arabic anyway
singing push to sit
there's no song play say you in push
today oh come on come on what the hell
say I buster oh this is over this tango
tango I squeeze I'll get it in buttock
shop yeah boy but all I am anyway so
we're gonna vlog it today and so
depressing because I'm like 25 that's
like half of 50 one quarter of one
hundred what anyway see you later okay
let it go
somebody here but abroad you Palin ain't
the same I myself colander your name it
is to the dear understand normally feel
my pain
this alway appeal I know I made a
mistake that was too late and she ain't
coming back
what I gotta do
my brothers don't care now we're in the
zoo now and basically in those villages
forget it either okay yeah and that's it
what's up my voice that's not my voice
anyway just he's dressed in her new
outfit
I've got zebras oh my hey look at her
get into outfit a day automatically and
why jungle top and my jungle necklace
all jungle I don't get lucky she
couldn't date the common was gone oh my
god selfie with camel really just part
but it was it we have a point come on oh
my God he's so cute that is unbelievable
wish I could do more feel and tell with
the pigs guys into super excited because
her favorite animal is pig hello chill
nerves appears i love the pig oh man I
love the pig not eating I know stuff in
life yeah and lots of it eating also to
go a bit curvy of the F alone there are
extremely social animals the Pyrenees
only comes out on the 5th of everyone
the Pyrenees
this is his mating call these species of
animal the Egyptians they come out to
every sixth of every month to take
pictures and all the zoos of the world
they were funny head here indicates a
level of double as you can see the
dominance level of the mint-green
disease as the one the hold for camera
the dominant sting out of sight as well
guys we just finished the zoo Lakes Lake
my zoo
and look at poor stage he sprained his
ankle the other day playing basketballs
and he walked all day limping all day
just so we can have fun
you like a share expense connections and
he's so proud Hills French Connection
we're missing toes just have to go in it
Ted rocky yeah so guys we're back home
and Sid is getting a bit excited he
hasn't run in about a week and we've got
crutches out the car and he feel good
here if Ehlinger okay it looks like this
is it what are you sorry enough form is
going hi guys so home now in my PJs in
my tisdale chilling out gonna probably
have a bit of ice cream you know it's my
birthday
sorry best anymore past 12:00 but we'll
just attend it so I can have my last fat
day in the world hopefully and then
start my diet tomorrow so I hope you
enjoyed that vlog guys and remember age
don't mean a thing okay
well it does actually but oh God anybody
else who's birthday is happy birthday
don't get too depressed you're getting
old just look at the positive that you
may have achieved in your life okay
thanks for watching until next time you
covered bye bye
I mean peace
