hi guys okay so how are you I haven't
sat down and filmed myself in ages
because I've got so much
vlog footage to upload from when I was
in Indonesia and Singapore and America
and I still haven't even gotten to the
main vlog scenes of that I've still got
like four it's possibly 40 videos to be
shared on to my channel and minuses
channel so keep a lookout for that and
be patient because I have to upload them
because they're really fun anyway
today's video I thought I'll sit down
for a little bit it's gonna be an outfit
of the day slash review I haven't done a
review in ages and the reason being well
because I've been really busy and
traveling and as well but I haven't
really come across anything that's
particularly interesting or different
etc until I came across the product that
I am going to be showing you guys today
and it is a bag basically and it's from
a company called high spirit bags and
they are formed of two guys who actually
want the virgin startup pitch to rich
competition last year and was basically
theft proof bags which I thought was
amazing I came across them randomly on
Instagram and then I realized that they
were last year's winners for Virgin
Media so amazing anyway they make theft
proof bags which is great I've just come
back from traveling for two months with
Syd and the whole time I'm a paranoid
person and I just gonna be pickpocketed
the whole time so when I found these I
was like yo I should have found these
two months ago anyway hi spirit bags and
I've got this one which is the green
snakeskin one yeah yeah so I'm just
gonna show you guys what I wore and how
the bag works okay and also just so you
know next Tuesday I'm gonna be judging
alongside Sir Richard Branson and three
other entrepreneurs for this year's
hashtag historic competition and that is
next Tuesday I think it's gonna be live
streamed so I'm gonna leave a link in
the description of where you can watch
that and see who wins and see me see me
watch them and decide who is with
everyone else so hopefully they'll be
fun and interesting
you
