oh hi guys okay so today I'm gonna do my
December favorites video oh god I guess
I have breath huh new videos don't know
why maybe because I'm shy I'm good that
rhymed the pair that no I'm not gonna
say that so I'm gonna do December
favorites video I have another favorites
video since June I noticed on my channel
which is pretty disgusting so therefore
I'm doing one right now and I'm gonna
get straight into it number one is a
perfume from an astute and a silly and
sweet and a sweet and a seer and it's
this one over here and it's got butter
flour on there
and what you do is you open the lid
welcome that careful you don't hit
yourself and then you spray one it
spread to three huh alright thank not
maybe you don't want to waste it so
that's that so I actually got that as a
gift from my sister and my mum as you
can see I haven't used much because you
know you want to try and make it last as
long as possible so you have to buy
another one obviously sticking to beauty
products we have this Beauty Blender
which I've been told by Nora baby Lela
love that is not the original and I was
very annoyed I doesn't matter anyway I
wrecked it
like I don't know how I got this black
and walk on it but and I tried washing
it don't tell me to wash it and I washed
it with baby shampoo as well and it just
won't come off but this is so good for
blending I've really loved it if I've
been using it correctly I don't even
know I'm pretty much just cool it's
really really good I know is for powered
it's the Cosmo one I think so does that
now we all know that Deena likes to fake
tan
or put Victor on so I'm gonna show you
what fake time I've been using for the
past since September basically and I've
tried loads and this is definitely
without a doubt the best fake tan I've
ever tried and it's from Primark and I
don't care what anyone says it is the
best one lasts the longest and it is the
easiest and smells the nicest and
doesn't stick or do streaks or any of
that crap and it's called the sunkissed
one
and it's medium bronze hold on good
pretty much finished and because I've
used it so much but the annoying thing
is I've been to a few pry marks and I
can't find it again and that's really
really annoying me because it's
seriously so good and like you put it on
put it on just as if you're moisturizing
and literally it will give you a tan
within what two three hours a really
bloody good tan but like I have looked a
bit like an oompa loompa with it but you
know everyone to their own tastes and
stuff
if anybody knows off my mother still
does them please tell me if it's in mine
chest or something buy me some send them
to me and I'll pay in your line or
something because I can't find them in
any pry marks close to me I recently
bought myself a pincushion not recently
about I don't know two months ago maybe
and I've been using it because it's so
cute so this is tea cup with the cushion
and buttons and all my pins I never buy
pin cushions I never even use them I
just had one before this one that has
been in the family for literally about
20 years it was my grandmother's
pincushion and then it was my mum's and
then it was mine and that's gone thank
God and now I have this one and it was
two pounds fifty and it was from a
vintage shop in Cardiff and I loved it a
couple of weeks ago I met all of the
kushti magazine team and there was this
girl there she's the girl who owns
muslimah boutique and you can find them
on Instagram and she gave me this and I
am in love and the reason I haven't used
it yet is because I have been waiting on
a dressing table that I ordered for my
bedroom for a few weeks and it's finally
come
which means I'm finally going to use
this on there and it's a gorgeous tray I
know
oh and it's a gorgeous tray with like oh
I just love it like embroidery on the
sides and like vintage silky so you know
quilted cushion look and I just love it
and it's just gonna go on top of my
dress and tip like that with maybe some
rings jewelry maybe nothing because it
looks so nice and because it's a mirror
like hello okay look you can see me oh
my god hello Dana how are you
how are you anyway so that's from the
Muslim of boutique's you also sell
scarves etc fancy pins as well so check
her out I'll leave the link in
description yes I love it
thank you for that - really love that on
to clothe this household clothes school
I've been wearing these slippers in the
house because it's so cold so bloody
cold love it so fluffy like literally
literally oh darling at makeup anyway so
these slippers and they're in size
medium and they're from Bou Avenue
Avenue something of my husband's that
he's been using a lot so therefore I've
also been using it and that's one of
these where you just put water in it and
you put it in the freezer and it ices up
and then you can use it on like your
joints well he uses it for like his
sports injuries and all that but you can
use it on like you know your joints and
like the back of your neck you know
shoulder stuff like that and we've also
put hot water in it and it's great so
we've been using that and that's I guess
you could just get a hot water bowl but
this is good for the cold this is for
like ice so whatever it's just a sports
thing I've been looking for the perfect
boots for ages actually the perfect two
kinds of boots perfect ankle boots and
the perfect knee-high boots I had
amazing pair of knee-high boots two of
them for the past like two years and
I've worn them out completely one of
them's lost and I dunno what to do and I
can't find anything similar ever since I
found some good ankle boots you guys
have seen me rocking these a few times
from Primark and they're looking really
dirty because I don't I don't want to
clean them coz I want to get them as
goofy as possible because that's cool
and they were only 12 pounds be wearing
them pretty much every single day I
don't know why I keep seeing fuzzy
because I keep accidentally getting
cooking oil in my eyes so I really can't
tell if this is focused or not anyway
next I got actually I've also been
looking for the perfect winter coat
because I don't know I just can't find
but I found myself the great deal and
that is this cage over here I won't put
it on because I'll save that for another
post
you know photo gonna leave that for
another day so here's the coat it's very
nice pinch it maybe okay maybe I'll put
it on or to see the top part maybe maybe
I'll just do that
maybe I'll just show you the top part
mint
like fluffy anyway there it is it's just
I mean it's fabulous because it's the
only hood that fits over my head like
literally and it's also fabulous cuz no
one else is gonna have it so you know
that's always a plus
and it's also fabulous because it was
only 50 quids and you know Kurt's
nowadays let's take Zara for a good
example
you know 180 pounds for a coat like
really really Zara like just calm down
so there we go you can see the rest of
the coat maybe over the Christmas
holidays when I wear it on Instagram or
something like that okay by the way I
know a lot of you guys have been asking
about when I'm gonna update vintage
vintage on lasercom and because it's
been like a war for a while because I
got married etc it will be updated soon
I have picked up a few good finds for
you guys so hopefully you'll enjoy those
vintage items that are not overpriced
like many vintage stores nowadays
especially in London
I've also updated the scarves this is
one of them it's called the compliment
my complexion please vintage vintage and
even more scars will be updated after
the Christmas holidays in the New Year
inshallah so look forward to that onto
our last item of clothing and that is
these jogging bottoms with a really
fantastic low crotch okay my waist isn't
like that big obviously like I like
things baggy and I bought these in a
size large so like calm down before you
make the fat jets and these were from
forever 21 and actually they were
featured in my winter lookbook so you
can have a look at that on there but
these are great for like you know when
you've just been doing nothing all day
but you need to go to Asda in the night
or something so you just throw on
anything's like a big coat and then
jogging bombs and boots all we need to
come home and you just want to relax
lounge or when you're going to like you
know like in-laws house that kind of
thing where you want to be relaxed but
you want to be decent not fill out PJ's
you know there we go that kind of thing
they were like 16 pounds or something
okay last but not least guys we're gonna
go on to food I've only got one food
favorite this month because you know
most of the time all food is my favorite
so there's no point like that would just
take ages so but this month me and Sid
have been trying out something different
that is
right hello Marmite see I remember
trying it once when I was young but I
don't remember what my reaction was
however knowing my tastebuds now and
what kind of things I like the flavor of
I just knew that I would be the kind of
person who likes Marmite and I was
correct
I do love my my and in fact I use it in
cooking lot I'm one of those people who
cook and just I'm just like very
creative with the food so I just opened
the cupboards whenever I see it I'll put
it in you know I mean Marmite and it's
really great and it lasts for flippin
ages and it's rich in b-vitamins
yeah whatever so there we go guys let's
go before we say goodbye I will see you
on my next video and shot a lot thanks
for watching
that's it I want to say I was gonna tell
you what videos I've got in mind but
what's the point because then they never
usually happen so I'll just see if they
happen all okay thanks for watching guys
til next time keep it covered
