hi guys okay so today's video I'm going
to show you guys how I did my wedding
day Idol hijab which is how it is on
right now
okay I did want to just give you some
advice as well beforehand and that is
basically that and for my wedding
hey Jeb I didn't want to do I didn't
want to like buy already made sort of
peace because I always find a look crap
on my head and I didn't not really into
like sparkly sparkly like dye Monte
stuff and all that so anyway I decided
that I wanted to go for a print if you
read my Aquila columns then you will
know that and so I went and found a
printed silk taffeta which I highly
recommend for bridal henna fabric
because it's really easy to shape it
stays in place whatever shape you decide
really really well all throughout the
day and it is quite comfortable it
definitely a little bit but it's only
for one day stays with it okay so this
is silk taffeta okay and I used a metre
and a half of it just for that so I hope
you enjoyed tutorial and yes enjoy it
okay you've got your base on your head
over here very ugly let's not go too
much after that
but what I've used it as a spaz and
scrunchie tied over my hair in a bun
just a bad banner underneath and then
this really small crappy cotton scarf
that I just tied to bring it also of
together and to have a white base as
well in case your fabric is see-through
mine wasn't but whatever just in case
you're gonna get your fabric I just
towed the edges to keep them nice and
neat what we've done here is we've just
folded it a little bit okay and just go
to place on the head like you would with
any normal scarf anyway you can see my
makeup box from the day I've washed it
Anna okay okay so then one short height
one long sigh latwon all but I do ya
know that's a lie you don't do what
short side one long side you go in the
middle of it one is wrong with me
why have I forgotten everything go
behind my face like this okay
grab both sides switch them over okay
switch over try and pull as tightly as
possible to be hard with this stupid
thing around my neck book yeah
okay so pull as tightly as possible
because it is a rista fabric so needs to
be secured and then with this small one
you want to try and find a nice edge so
like by folding in the short edges etc
as if it's a tie kind of thing and bring
it around over here like so okay I
bought it quite on my face on the day
and then what you can do with this top
part is just pin I'm I'm going to use
just the normal line pins because in
case the big safety pins will show you
don't want those showing on your wedding
day and you're going to just fold put
this fold in over that seam you just
created etc like that yeah I had a
dilemma I really on the day but then I
just thought whatever man it's just one
day let's just do it and I just have the
back was really ugly so I liked my
really more day one more because I
pulled the fabric over the lumps and
bumps which I should have done on the
wedding day but whatever I'll just need
to make any sense anyway then you can
grab the long side you can do the same
with the edges you know pick a nice edge
along the side etc looking less like a
fold and you're going to bring it over
your head also like this okay we don't
want all of this but see with this width
I just brought it around to create a bun
okay remember cuz it's really stiff so
it will just stay if you pin it up here
okay I was lifting it up so it was more
upwards here and with this part over
here you're gonna bring it around the
bun see on the bun and then I tucked it
in now it's really just a matter of
fiddling around with it and getting it
perfect and then pinning in place okay
so this pop the later Lily's pinning and
then create some fold so I created a
couple fills on the back it's really
very simple my idea behind it was to
have a very simple style because you
know how some people go crazy on the
wedding day with the edge of sausage
looks well different opinions I guess
but they are a bit crazy I guess war so
I thought I'd do a really simple style
but pick a print
a very subtle print well it's all that
subtle but I thought I'd pick up a print
because I thought that'd be quite
different but also quite girly blah blah
blah anyway I'm just gonna pin with a
big safety pin going under the fold that
we created so you pin from underneath so
nobody will see the pin because I'll
just go underneath to I mean did bring
some over my face because I do like that
look slightly gives a bit more girliness
mm ah so like a big forehead one side
it's more for hot the other side anyway
and then what I did was I wore some
earrings so here are my earrings I wore
I'll just show you them these are the
earrings that I did work okay I hope the
light was okay for you guys if not I'm
too mad in it anyway so what you do need
to do is bring your ear lobes out a
little bit but it doesn't matter because
nobody actually sees the ear lobes
because the scarf is so thick it just
kind of falls over it it covers in blah
blah blah
anyway my earrings were from John Lewis
actually and they're not real diamonds
obviously girl can only dream now I'm
only into diamonds
truth be told anyway so they're not real
diamonds but they did the job so they go
little earrings blah blah blah and then
what we did was me and Judy my
grandmother got got a hairband and then
got some netting veiling whatever it's
called and basically she made me the
perfect veil and it took us all weekend
because I was really fussy and so this
is the veil so it's shorter at the front
are longer at the back but it's not that
longest obviously tiny and so what you
do is you just place the hairband on so
obviously I want something easy to put
on right at the end and one that isn't
really get interfere with my scarf much
so I put the hairband on and then I
didn't want the hairband to show too
much so I folded my scarf over it
slightly just so that you so it's a bit
more disguised basically alright so here
was the front it's all creased and stuff
now but you know the idea was for it to
be like you know bit of a diamond D I
mean a bit of a try
little kind of shape and then the back
we did not just leave to hang like a so
although it did look like it in some
pose and although I think that's quite
cute to be honest with you
but I took it all as if I was taking the
ponytail and I touched that in my scoff
so like this now and what I liked about
this was really good you could you could
create more like you know fluffiness
with it you could make it really small
but tucking it more until sit took my
veil off except you didn't take my veil
off I do it myself because you forgot
and then you just have like this during
the day
can we see because I got a white wall
behind me but anyway like this basically
so I've not let guys I hope you enjoyed
watching but a little tutorial I am
gonna work on doing a bridal styling
lookbook for you guys for different
cultures maybe not cultures just for
different ideas of hey jab right because
it's obviously highly requested so put
that together for you guys hopefully
after the Christmas holidays something
Sharla so I hope you enjoyed that
tutorial and thanks for watching until
next time keep it covered peace
