hi guys so I've been really busy the
past two weeks because basically these
two came to London okay
for the first time in their life and
this is like the second time they've
flown in their life so this isn't
charlie they're like really gonna get it
home with me now okay so and this is
their first english whole day even
though Wayne Wales but I did taken to
London so that Ludi say hi vehicle I'm
the left boo boo boo see me hello zierko
and these are my two cousins and they're
going well Jimmy's going on Saturday
yeah lady Steyne and for a couple more
weeks and then so yes thought I'd film
the last two days
okay well you did what she's feeling so
we're just gonna go to Rajendra
Macapagal exits the outlet village and
I'm going on google maps to figure out
to help yes fair and Ludi is chewing gum
in my ear so Columba Larrabee home of a
polka - Oh a llama but Cullen Larabee on
YouTube we have 80 gallon of again mix
with mustard go si I sound like good
news you know minimum of attention so
you think and over 3.7 miles away hallo
what's your location but double the size
in Bolivia do I have to give you sit
hang Etta I say five minutes man 35
minutes with light traffic 22 miles on
the info okay then let's go back until
after we probably just in as the guys
and we've been here almost every night
since they come cuz they can't get over
the practice of the chocolate because
the easiest apparently all these
shoppers are like triple the price so
they're like oh I buy everything and we
love the chocolate here it's visible to
me
you quick whales I love it when she
hides em she ever done as isolation Tina
what can I do pay my first there what a
name yo I can play at your pop up so
tight today I have a whale
give me a tiny assume yeah Alan is
really nice to be honest Lisa yeah Ricky
be still go ahead guys she's already
bought a holder
she's already bought about oh one minute
she's already bought about um tell you
know eunbong market here we get a 10 by
I'm off date I'm gonna feel my when I
get to show you the 12 boxes alone oh
come on again they're they're not after
ad until change behavior after a
confession please no I love it
miss my drill he's a good boy I love it
okay bye
okay Jimmy's last day you're gonna go
through a park feed the ducks
Wow should be quite funny cuz they're
scared of ducks nothing what did you
swear with the same jumpy where every
day haha you said
Wien so politely hey guys flat maja I'm
gonna play some rebar to remove a nope
it looks okay come across the horsey and
her baby was it a foul dude Hassan says
by Hassan Dale but Allah ya see me says
no no sigh oh what a crazy zoom hit it a
zoom while I'm still think it is a new
dean has spotty polka dot this is
Egyptian style hijab style guys we just
walk into a fox contagious anymore
looking like an army officer I'm God
that's it it's not all growls yeah oh
stop wrong guard yeah
cheesy the turban okay let's go let's
walk your life and then I'm she even she
like today our phone storms gone TCC's
hey check it out they shall be whenever
I come to Cardiff I don't really been
close to the mix Khambatta thinking
about alton says welcome to man up and
chill out and be a tramp
so as well making some clothes not that
she wears traffic lows but it's just
easy for me to go there no ever burgers
so but later scarf on got my cousin on
my right shoulder right shoulder got to
tease clothes there's actually cool is
actually mine from like years ago for
like a fiver and then geez and cutest
shoes anyway that's the story about a
more disgusting oh my gosh oh my
who's the master whispers come with us
anyway they're up there you go Missy but
they basically got lift to the park they
said have walked with us because they're
lazy slobs they'll get got a lift to the
parks go play basketball and look jog
there or walk what a bunch of losers
okay as pledges tell you sure get in hey
Tony eight soubise head looks like a
little bean chips like a little colorful
fleet it's really a lifting I obviously
look like a lion's mane but who cares
okay technically but the lemon family
kid
how many
just came back from walking an hour to
the park and an hour back and feeding
the dock ducks in the middle and this is
how tired we are literally though so
tired
mush mush Bacchus in the elephant focus
did you forget your focus man
a day definite focused our camp tiny
wonder world
oh there's the fat you anyway that's how
tired we are like a number now we're
waiting on vision tipsy sue me have a
safe journey we'll Skype you back hey
ahead is big I gotta pick up a channel
video oh my god
oh I wanna feel my feelings in soomi's
gone
first are you sure she's gone for good
she's gone for good in her she was gone
for good now it's time to really enjoy
ourselves
oh thanks watch you guys til next time
keep a common piss
