hi guys okay so today's video basically
I'm going to be doing a makeup haul for
you guys
I'm filmed a whole in ages although I
have got a few new things clothing wise
I hardly ever buy makeup well I always
wear makeup I hardly ever buy like
decent makeup that lasts rages except I
looks it's lubu so um remember how I
told you guys once I get married on my
fancy makeup although some of the items
in there are still my usual sort of
collection mm you know but I've been
using these products for the past two
months so I thought I would do the whole
because a lot of you guys have been
commenting on makeup recently etc things
like eyebrows being too dark or me being
too orange either so I'm going to do a
haul and I hope you guys enjoy it and
then I'll probably do a clothing haul
soon in the short law okay so just to
get started I'm going to show you guys
my makeup box my fancy one yeah what
fantasy makeup box there it is and this
was from TK Maxx I got it from TK Maxx
and they if you go to TK Maxx with like
home department they started having a
really nice fancy boxes and we got I got
another one in the other room for my
letters etc so anyway this one's for
makeup all right you didn't love it I
know so inside here we've got all the
Mac products most of the things I bought
are from Mac because I just thought if
I'm gonna buy the whole sort of set of
face stuff obviously there's a lot more
but the main things then I'll just go
get them all from one place I went to
Mac in Debenhams in Cardiff and I met a
really nice girl called Taylor and she
helped me out for hours on end until I
was sorted saying hey Taylor nice to
meet you anyway so here it is there's
the mirror there's the camera hello
camera in UK I bought a primer from Mac
I think they only have one and before
this I never used to wear primers um I
still only sort of wear on really
special occasions when I'm like doing a
proper full face and that's about it but
I mean I don't see any difference of
wearing it
I don't see any difference of wearing a
primer and not wearing on to be honest
with you but I bought it anyway so got
the primer along with the primer I
bought the fix that everyone goes on
about all the makeup people go on about
and actually to be honest with you I
think this is really good it really does
help with making yours with keeping your
makeup in place for a whole day so this
one is once it's finished I will buy
again I don't know why that's happening
I could see a little yellow box on my
face and I can't concentrate knowingly
anyway then I bought Studio Fix fluid
mac makeup in number 25 and it is my
color for this you guys who keep going
on about how orange I look I just look
orange because I fake tan and because I
put bronzer all over the top of it okay
there was a phase in my life probably
about three years ago when I used to
wear makeup like full face like majorly
full face every single day full face -
eyeshadow I never wear eyeshadow I
didn't even wear on my wedding because
it just doesn't suit me so back in those
days I used to wear Mac so I thought I'd
go back to Mac because honestly all the
foundations of trying I've tried loads
Mac is the only one that gives a really
good coverage overall and gives that
sort of whoa like woosh you know like
like really
wooshii face you know even with just
like one layer and then for example Body
Shop foundations I've tried like five
layers and they don't give that finished
you know so oh yeah and I bought a
highlighter and again I only wear this
when I'm really special not special
occasions but when I'm doing a full face
which is hardly ever nowadays alright
and this is called hush frost okay
they've got legs and then I got um a
blushed usually I don't buy blush ever I
just use bronzer on my cheeks like I've
got now and I don't usually do a blush
but again I started in the past two
months to use this this is the only
blush I have and it's called margin
frost powder blush is kind of like a
ready Brown and I normally don't do
ready Brown on face because I think my
face is really red especially the cold
of the heat already but I got this to
try something different why else did I
get
oh there's the thing okay and this is
the bronze I was talking to you guys
about that I got because I like to look
tanned so I went and got a mineralized
skinfinish net and when I read in what's
called I got a medium deep mineralized
skinfinish natural powder bronzer thing
so after my foundation I'll just sort of
put this all over the whole face and
then put the blush on that's if I'm
doing the full face and I want to look
like Essex when I got fake lashes these
individual ones over here
please also Mac and I got the fake lash
glue sorry there is woo
and my eyebrows do look too dark you are
right in this light in my mirror they
look fine I don't know why so yeah there
was a period in my life probably about a
year ago yeah last Christmas when I used
to wear individual lashes every day with
just mascara abotu then just the
foundation and no eyeliner but then I
got lazy again and because I stopped
doing different year for got how to wear
them and easily usually I don't buy any
liquid eyeliner
unless it's collection mm black in the
brown ones but I thought I'd get the Mac
one and this is the tip of the brush
because that's the most important bit
obviously there's the tip of the brush
and honestly yet it's really good to be
honest really easy to apply um I don't
see much difference in quality
well actually collection mm eyeliners
don't last as long and the foundation or
you can seal around your eye will always
sort of go on the top of it about an
hour after you've worn it with the Mac
one it hasn't although I don't know if
that's because of the fix
or not so anyway got that it's called
boot black ok then I went and got my
concealer from mac there is lovely I
really did want one with the brush on
the end that you like sort of squeeze
the stuff out and then stroke it on and
then blend or whatever I did one one and
I do really like it however it's very
very thick and will create lines around
your wrinkles if you have any in that
area like me so I'll say really really
thin base and it's yeah it's good it was
good I don't know if I'd buy it again
though and I think I'd probably just
stick to my Garnier dark circles roll-on
thing because that's really easy to wear
to new lipsticks ok you really can't
beat MAC lipsticks they've got two kinds
I don't know officially if they have two
kinds at all but in my eyes they have
two kinds of lipsticks one that's a
really matte dry finish and it gives
your lips it a bit chapped your lips and
gives it like dry dry lips during the
day or you can get ones are really
smooth and glossy and don't do the
chapped lip look at all so I got one of
each basically this is the pinky one
that I got I actually wore this one on
the wedding day this pic color and it's
the matte please me it's called please
kneel the really nice color but does do
the dehydrated lips thing during the day
and then I got this and I flippin love
this I love orange lipstick especially
coral this is called the cremesheen pur
Zen look how much I've used it compared
to the other one I mean I mean seriously
and I've had them birth of the same
amount of time okay not that much okay
anyway well this one for the Willy Maday
with the dress that remit had more
remade me and I love this color so much
and it's such a comfortable lipstick to
wear it doesn't do the chopping block
abla I got a Mac mascara and it's just
this false it's a waterproof one I got a
waterproof one because I thought I might
be crying a lot on the day of my wedding
I only cried a little bit it worked
brush isn't all that I just got it cuz
of waterproof
it's very very standards I doubt it
would do anything so I actually used my
usual telescopic mascara and then this
on the top just for the waterproof base
so that's all for mac business guys I
know I'm lying
I bought Mac brushes yeah I bought Mac
brushes I bought for Mac brushes about a
foundation one which is like this okay
I'm not gonna lie I don't like it when I
put the foundation on the brushes come
off on my face so it looks like I have
like my eye big eyebrows falling off my
face like you know when you do it and
then there's hairs from the brush that
happens with this one only so I wouldn't
recommend recommend buying that I don't
know why it does that but other than
that I guess it does a good job and then
I bought this I think this is a
concealer brush this also does the same
thing it makes little black hairs and I
did a white does that my brushes
shouldn't do that but they make little
hairs around my face I hardly use it and
I bought this brush which is a contour
brush I think and I love this this is
really nice and soft it's gorgeous
obviously I don't wash them I'm going to
wash them today okay don't hate me but I
do really love this brush a lot I do the
business with it you know I do that with
this okay I'm I bought an angled eyebrow
brush which I would also completely
recommend because it's with good hey I
went on to buy some um
Max Factor stuff and I got some max Max
Factor and products after meeting Reema
Todd Mori who is the designer who
designed my Willie Madras the floral
gorgeous one and actually filming a
video which I will uh play upload soon
it's a video all about Rheem se get to
know hey in that video you'll see that
soon and basically we were were doing
our faces for the video well not doing
our faces but you know for making them
presentable um so she showed me this
powder which is a Max Factor one it's a
translucent one
and I really really do love it it's
great if it spills everywhere you just
sort of dust it off and the color is
gone and it's really cheap I didn't know
how much she said it was I think it's
like 7 or maybe 10 pounds but then I got
something buy one get one free with it
so it's really good anyway thanks Rima
for showing me that love it
watch out for Reema video soon anyway
then with it I got free a powder
foundation which I've never tried before
so I thought I'd try and found a powder
foundation and it came with them you
know like a little sponge I love this
this is what I have on now I don't have
liquid foundation on all I did quickly
was get my powder get my M what's it
called which I just say it's called the
love the thing that was there I got that
padded and piled it on my face I love it
because it's so good when you need to
get ready quickly and you can't bother
get your fingers that you've Foundation
with liquid foundation and lit you just
web all over eyebrows can see let lips
thin out and blusher finish it's really
good it's really handy for when you're
out and about as well
top up once we need to take off I really
do love it yes um so after buying this
I'm dirtying the sort of pad thing that
came with it I started really loving
that's what are these calls here you go
silent is the sponge that came with it I
really love sponges now instead of
brushes for foundation and I said of my
fingers because I don't like to get my
fingers dirty the brush is um the
brushes are great but the brush is
really good but you have to work harder
to get the flawless finish with a brush
I feel like so I just bought a pack of
these to do my foundation with even
liquid foundation so yes pop those and
then I got a bunch of my liners sorry I
got too black
I got a car over here and Max Factor car
which actually I'm yet to try so I'm not
going to talk about it and I've got
these two which I have tried
so you just put it on and then on the
other end you smudge to do the smokey
effect I got one in black one and brown
totally recommend these really nice if
you're an eyeliner person of course I
went to Primark and did my standard
Primark makeup shop and that was just
get a big bronzer I really do think
they're great this is one I've got on
now obviously some of you don't like it
because you think I look or into ever
but I have this on them and all you do
like it really do like two pounds of any
stupid then last but not least I got an
eyebrow kit although I don't really need
one I thought I'd just get one anyway
nowadays my eyebrows have been I've been
filling them in with black pencil like
I've been getting the pencil stroking
the brush on it and then filling my
eyebrows in and they're coming out dark
when most of the time they come out
light it's just recently they've been
coming along and I don't know why I got
a brown eyebrow kit because I used to do
the brown eyebrow like really like paint
it on about maybe a year ago used to
read maybe a year and a half ago used to
really go for that look with a pencil
but it takes too long so I just bought
this kit over dick Urban Decay Urban
Decay Evan is that one red anyway it's
like that the wax the two colors and you
get two brushes and tweezers sorry I
think there's about 19 pounds so it's
alright probably would buy again though
so guys that's the end of that video
that's the end of my haul I hope you
enjoyed it I did spend a lot but this is
gonna last me for ages and ages and
individuals so yes on my face now I have
the powder Max Factor powder
prymaat blush and it's actually an
English ulla on my lips so watch out for
interview video with Rima tad more 'soon
once I edit it basically why I'm gonna
start doing in Charlotte is a new series
on YouTube called share the spotlight
where I go out and I meet you guys
whoever wants me to meet them and who
work and whoever is doing something
interesting in their life I mean you
don't have to be doing something like
beneficial to anyone in particular I
just mean like you as a person if you're
sort of like I don't know a doctor
lawyer for example dream as a designer
just go out and meet you guys see what
you do do bit of a fun interview
interactive interview with you have a go
myself or what you're doing
show me how you do it and we film now we
put on YouTube and tell all my viewers
about you instead of me for once
alright so first episode of that will be
with rheumatoid Maureen Sharla if you do
want me to come and visit you you can
show you what you do then just drop me
email Ondina Tokyo at gmail.com and I
will be in contact in Sharla
I may also start having a YouTube slot
where I pick a day and I film a video
responding to comments on my videos
ridiculous comments funny comments or
comments that are questions it's about
time I called out those solution
comments don't you agree yes leggings
ooh I will also most likely do a
question answer video pretty soon all it
might be a regular thing ask Tina sort
of thing on Twitter or Instagram we will
see you thanks for watching guys umm err
until next time keep covered please
