hi guys how's everyone doing today
today's video is going to be a - outfit
of the days and the reason I'm doing -
is because I don't buy I recently slide
finding giving one out of date videos
really pointless and really short and
really boring although I do like
watching one out that they videos with
other youtubers I'll just do two so I
got these two Blazers from a website
called choice calm and I'm going to
basically featuring those two Blazers in
these outfits and because they're very
different to each other but they
complement the weather quite nicely and
one is the jacket I'm wearing now which
is a sort of edgy girly look everybody's
rocking the tartan checkered shirts
nowadays so I've just done the same
thing then the second look which you'll
see after this one is a little bit more
like summer summer summer cosy summer
warm that kind of thing so yes one day I
do want to tell you about the website
choice calm and there it is on screen
somewhere is that they are actually not
based in the UK so some of you guys were
worried about paying for shipping
however good news they have free
shipping worldwide so you don't have to
worry about and there's no minimum and
order for that either say you know top
away without having to worry about that
so I've got really bad finger infections
look at that
look let any doctors out there although
one of my very close friends is doctor
but she just tells me to visit doctor
every time ask look how much that swells
next to that one you see that like and
it's turning green I don't know
and alrighty then I'll just show you the
first outfit move my shed Oh change of
30s
so here we go guys here's the jacket
obviously I'm just wearing a normal
black scarf that was from Lady doll a
long time ago
I'll bring back all the plain colors if
you guys want them but so far yeah
anyway so here's the black jacket it's
long line little bit and I've just worn
it with this checkered shirt which I got
from hmm for 7000 zip ticket
playing white t-shirts I don't know
we're probably Primark or something and
then these black jogging bottoms from
H&M so I'll just all the shoes are prime
up obviously okay again joy is calm and
I actually got it in a size small in
case you're wondering and I am usually I
would say between 8 and 12 depending
what shops so usually like top wise I'll
go through 8 but that depends how baggy
I want it I would say my actual size up
top is 8 to 10 but usually for like 14 6
things which are likely to be baggy
bottoms wise I'd go for about 12 but
this check is a size small so here is
closed
very comfortable perfect fit if I do say
so myself so there you can see what I
meant when I said it can be very smart
very smart elite hello job interview how
are you do you like it
the necklace is also clothes accessories
okay so that's that's it guys
if you enjoy it and on to the next one
okay so this second book is basically
quite light color wise as you can see
I'm wearing like Creon my head
it's a whitish slash creamy ish blossom
um now I was gonna wear white trousers
with this but the only white trials they
have are skinny jeans and I love wearing
skinny jeans but when you wear white
ones sometimes they're a little bit too
much and the ones I have are just too
much so I wore jeans instead I will go
go for a dark red lip but I felt I feel
like I did that a lot last year the year
before that I did dot purple so I'm
going back to that because can you think
of what other colors to do other than
dog Brown maybe but I don't have that so
much boy that soon maybe a really deep
orange I don't know we'll have to wait
and sit okay so here's the outfit scarf
is laced off this blazer is choice calm
and I got this in a size medium okay
even though the black one was size small
this is a size medium and you know my
measurements could already told you
alrighty then see your gear here's the
Blazer I love it if you look closely
okay
I just wanted with the same whites off I
had on before Philip closest got lovely
patterned detailing and if you like dark
gray dye Monte I I'm usually not a fan
of dry Monty's but because these are
dark grey II I'm fine with that
okay so there's a pattern and it's got a
pocket and a pocket book if you book
with the book it she also elasticated at
the bottom right over here so when you
open it it gives you sort of like Bomber
Jacket long long blind bomber jackets
like I've got these incredibly baggy
jeans on incredibly baggy let me just
tell you the story about them in a
minute after I show you
very very baggy and got these hmmm boots
on H&M heels boots on if you guys have
been following me ever since I started
sort of blogging youtubing designing all
that stuff then you will remember these
jeans there there's really baggy sort of
boy fit ones like really stupidly baggy
some might argue and but they are extra
by yah me now because back then I was a
bit bigger but I just fished them out
there and I just I just don't want to
throw them out because I'm yet to find a
pair similar that I'm happy with and I'm
just as comfortable in so there we go
guys they are both outfit check out
choice calm seriously I love it when I
can go on a website and there is just
disgusting amounts of choice which might
be where the name derived from but I
have no idea so check it out they really
have pretty much everything you could be
looking for at the moment and they also
have a lot of style inspiration for you
to flick through and stuff so check it
out I'll leave all the links in the
description thanks for watching guys my
next video is probably going to be a
haul of some sort a shopping haul either
a makeup shopping haul or a clothing one
I'm not sure yet thanks for watching
guys til next time keep it covered
