oh let's recording us I'm taking a photo
if he kills your eyes - road trip into
Butte we got triathlon Widger where to
dance go next left it would say King got
time to run away Donna
Dargis hard if the trees whistling with
the window show them my faithful me I'll
share the near fatal mother's driving
love this way do you think that door was
gonna go under to the later I came to
view take this one of my grandmother as
you usually keep some stairs but today
she tried to hide it behind this door in
this other room
I'm thankfully to see next it yes I'll
be grabbing bad paper soon yeah Sam no
better no better a better ba bar better
a bit more now we're gonna go out maybe
just one comes down off your bike - I'll
select some shops I just want to get to
show you guys my outfit really L clip
but out effects how very good it is hot
in a dude it's hot but the weather's wet
so I just say hello to everyone
I'm I okay Mac in a sec it is then oh
it's recording done it
oh we're gonna take a selfie so obvious
oh isn't it he's bossing us about sighs
so basically guys it's raining a
beautiful URI where to get cupcakes for
fudgie wudgie and basically we're gonna
eat them be Mizzou oh my God my god I
got guys we just bought okay tonight
let's go sit on the wall goodness
time to have some lunch ings we're gonna
eat yo you see making some things on her
machine lovely old machine there what
what is that a crystal rossmann so is
that a good machine would you recommend
that for so is oh really
is that Taft over habit I self-aligning
so mmm so I take you around Judy's
garden in black and wax to the wanna
have a little canoe thing that we always
go on but it's been raining today so
nobody wants to those are lovely flowers
that I do want to take but I'm not
allowed all off take any of her flowers
sir tis a shame really
to the day I'm sharing and round here
we've got more plants he warranties
Julie likes it another house plants a
bit bit like a bit of a jungle and
there's the shell bird cage that I
wanted to steal but I'm not let's do it
now I did manage to steal a few things
then when I say steal I mean you know
took off her because she doesn't use
anymore in that muffler mala flails look
at those brat fluff
yes and this the tail and the lawful is
the mum flares random balls over there
two more feels a berry Sun it has
brother hello Varian up then and then
I'm just walking around in my PJs and
shoes really so
gonna leave today unfortunately so yeah
alright then right sort of breath
because this is like well I tried to do
a morning jog around beard absolve it so
bad I'm trying to get skinny I've got
it's just so hard being a girl honey
look at the hills sixties bit out of bad
quality because using it on the iPhone
cuz I couldn't bring bit coming out this
look it up me I got good on the speech
now can I show you I look like jogging
again so they've got a their little
watch just rockin middle is really
looking at all really nobody good bar is
it sheila bair saw terrible we should
give them the traditional Gyptians a
platoon show how it's done son
strangest thing about into my high life
and then we got some cave people over
there they're so cool we are capable so
I just go anywhere it takes a make time
terrible output
goodbye
you should be yeah
the wind kill the brain Thomas girls get
the head the wind goes anything here
given our chosen
like whatever this is
this is a pretty vegetable fight
how'd you do that see I like these
flowers
Oh
do the audience
back in it do you love duty flowers or
do you not sucking colors happen I mean
use of finesse and show the people how
much you love love enough know so much
you know we just want to get right in
how much you look blow at us yes you
just want to get away leaving Beauty
today Judy and her Golf Club just gonna
go off and today nobody has nobody is
always wearing the same clothes anyway I
am I'm going to have a spot of lunch
king prawns can't tell me these are
haram cuz they're fish ron dollar
oh then why did you bring the backup
island the lady renovation indonesia
nicaragua don't know everything Central
America so we're gonna have a spot of
lunch now so yeah hold the relay pepper
so I know we're going so say bye-bye
Judy bye bye bye bye bye bye bye
keep it coming
oh my god why oh my god bye what is
hydro hydrate a clear cleaner her
hydrangeas hide real good I'm gonna yeah
hydrangea stay blue hydrangea
