April our guys on the way to a prayer
with fluffing and Dina and use and tutti
and Bala already pressed I know
I need prayers right now but this is the
standard traffic though in every three
late for prayer
I'll let me let me show you guys they
can't really see the traffic but
traffic's in front of to see sterben
you've got a little message to get to
give our viewers yeah the thing about
anything it's about the family so it's
all about what you're wearing being late
for prayer is it you know gonna be late
for prayer cuz you can't find your
outfit yeah black our brother happen for
outfits aren't important at all so just
don't worry I can do things with it how
all had an engine so we made it today in
prayer just in time and then soul ISM
old friends it was good fun have nice
chitchat with everyone and then flip in
walk in somebody obviously has to leave
my lovely trousers but broadly tripped
on them and whips which houses the now
flip my pelvis it's the same so no
probably cuz my shoes are pointy eat
shoes
Laura twenty-pound family
so and now we're going to have that
coffee that I've been looking forward to
so very much yes
hi guys okay so just over my friend
Miriam's house for ade brekkie which was
like lunching and stuff like that
there's 2cm Miriam's just fixing a scarf
in the mirror here's me okay girl you
can see they each outfit
yeah lovely yummy yummy in my tummy just
over Marian's house and she's got a
jewelry collection called be is a beagle
be a beagle it's bigger and it's Pelt be
double ej0 sorry because it's her
nickname Marianne's and it's kids
jewelry line which I'll explain to you a
bit later but we're just behind scenes a
little bit oh she knew her manicure
Heatley oh so you pick them for each
mood for the basis again okay so yellow
is funky yellows for funky girls pink
shirt hot pink is funny funny blue it
coin conk it's wheat yeah honest honest
kids or girl helpful is clever clever
Black is strong lovely and she's gonna
be getting new color soon oh and then
you get these little bags for them so
they're perfect gifts for your nieces
nephews real a trade but birth isn't
that smile girls give a little wave to
the camera
lovely models mashallah AIDS mother but
kool-aid when I ate when it behaves just
say hey Raja no ah shut up
flowers guys see I just filmed a quick
Instagram video with ease and I took a
few photos
supposin because they like it I yeah
like my new shoes she was just in the
front or to a flower
exactly traditional aid biscuits if
anybody would like to get fun after all
the way Billups in mama mama girl mommy
put your Facebook
yeah yeah that's good no no it doesn't
have to be a lot so with a today a
democratic we went to pray in City Hall
whoa whoa whoa whoa chicken Kiev you
shoulda said happen this morning we
could use when to pray a today
black black why ain't nobody fetch a
semester to semester I saw someone's
lyric suffer hi guys
so it's eight day two and I did have a
really nice outfit planned which is like
you know nice cow print trousers and a
blazer and stuff but no need to change
your mind on the day because you're not
doing anything made special so I just
put something up very casual
lace da scarf and Primark and necklace
these nails are from you knew my hands
and Kathy Oh grandmother knows rings got
I got a new no studs a new nose rings
which are all clans excedrin and this
top is Primark obviously so that's that
now we're in a restaurant to have dinner
tonight
hmmm and these are my sister and my two
friends take a selfie you see the
bloopers like
and the parents Pam took the paranal
mind is there on YouTube let's just show
you the deck well guys we design
inspiration on this restaurant
I'll give you 50 off today's outfit
without my shoes I love them by best
performance there are only 20 feet from
gonna be a very long look I'm wearing
our jeans
I'm going to share the reversible thing
so nothing new to see where's your
outfit on
oh yes I like
comes over everything I went burn it
I don't think anyone can either
everything's are actually vintage in
Zara and Thora omega-3 sources gallery
guys doctor so everything designer past
entire deck
finally bobble whip up finally half an
hour ahead turn shown profile profile
let's put fat wow yeah where'd you get
hiccup
Sammy Baba's back what sharper yeah also
copy all the other youtubers and be
server Acharya everyone does that
let's get playing people in this dance
it's wiggle at hips around when
strangers put it on the internet we
doing so sorry viewers hi guys look it's
the guys do this much sunlight you look
so nice as you see you getting airtime
those useless no because we like juice
I know Shalom I learn Hebrew what well
that I know nothing you look so pasty
white oh and there's Youssef now know
where it where it's family where it
looking like a Muslim not much different
God that there we go there's the
Malaysian amazing new sofa
yeah so they you give you oh look you
said I'm not lazy I'm energy-efficient
yeah I thought so they come over blah
blah blah blah
hey guys Federer 8 and all the outfits I
plan to wear I didn't end up wearing it
ended up wearing old clothes because
that's how we roll nowadays I just want
to show you the color of my lips like
this hot pink pants and body score from
lace doll I'm gonna go to eat and stuff
with that and that's the end of that
story so - so I bought these trousers
with the intention of wearing them fight
but you know I don't know like cow print
out of all the animal prints is my
favorite prints in the world ever
I want kalpen bad cow put shoes kalpen
carpet kalpen sofa
having everything you just change your
mind about wearing things on the actual
day that's what happened with me and I
actually have a shopping haul to do for
you guys because I've been shopping a
lot lately which is very bad of me but I
have and what else did I want to do oh I
also have like an occasion where video
to do for you guys quite a few bitches
in stores for you to like my foundation
look it's a bit powdery because it's
powder haha whenever I eat comes along
usually people go out shopping and buy
laid outfits and go a bit wild on the
opposite end of the scale compared to
Ramadan etc so we just had quite a
mellow Ramadan when you get older you'll
realize sorry aid when you get older
you'll realize you start to have many
needs as well because what's the point
of going from one extreme to the other
you know moving so else is it gonna say
yep I was gonna do like a nice heartfelt
message but that's a bit cheesy and not
really me so doctor to my alpha instead
nothing very special just the genes and
it sells their lender shoes that haven't
been done up yet best pudding ever
okay so just finishin and I will
meditate and Shay and two seats you turn
the pictures you disturb me laughs to
see the pictures you just it teaches
take I often take the photo from
Instagram Annette and she wants to be
some zooming in on my on my face
every time I think about me just did you
get my double chin you fight in the
series to fight anyway
if you enjoy great day and you all got
nuclear and thanks for watching guys
