hi guys boiling okay so today's video
basically is going to be a haul I have
done a haul in absolutely forever
because to be honest with you I have
been trying my very hardest not to shop
and to just try and not to shop so I
usually buy loads of clothes and their
loads of things that I don't end up
wearing it and just a big waste I've
been really trying my hardest so so this
video is gonna be a Claire's accessories
haul and so I'm just going to show you
what I got the door and keep song
freeing like squeaking annoying
predecessor ease there they are now
usually the only thing I regularly buy
from Claire's are my nose stud than my
nose rings and I'm just wearing a really
plain gold one right now just because I
don't know but usually whenever I get my
nose rings and my studs they are from
always from Claire's when you don't want
to spend loads of money on clothes
because you're kind of person who is
something once and then you were wearing
again for weeks on end or days on end
and it's just a bit of a waste
then accessorizing usually is a great
way to change up an outfit without
actually changing up the outfit if you
know what I mean the first thing I got
was this necklace which is a chain
necklace and I absolutely love chains as
you guys probably would have guessed by
now and I think they go with absolutely
anything and they harden an outfit
really well and and yes I love so this
is the perfect chain necklace there you
go
okay so next one I got loads of
maintenance are you reading in high
street shops everything is always more
interesting or nicer when it's got an
Asian slash our influence to them like
these earrings have a little look over
here okay I think they're gorgeous I
mean I was gonna wear them today but I
felt a little a bit too much like a like
a palm reader kind of person
fortune-teller thing so these gorgeous
earrings and these aren't for everyone
but they certainly offer me because you
guys also know that I really love the
chav look massive hoop earrings which I
was also going to Estee but then again I
felt I might look like a fortune-teller
but and this is like a very very close
difference to hoop earrings you can get
hoop earrings like this that just go
straight through your lobe or you can
get the one
where it's the hook that goes through
your lobe and then they dangle I find
the ones that dangle make you look more
like a fortune teller rather than the
ones that just go straight through these
are more the chappies which IV style
which I love
some people can pull up chat without
looking like a chap some people can not
pull off chap without looking like a
chav and they're usually the chaps
alrighty then if you guys have been
watching my videos for ever ever since
I've start doing them you know that I'm
at the beginning wasn't a big fan of
sunglasses because I didn't feel like
they suited my face but then as I got
older I started wearing them a little
bit more and I'm starting to explore
different styles anyway check these
babies out what the actual nurses lips
look at them there's a little little
little pets on the corner there hello
little pet of mine sushi or gordita just
mates they're just hanging out with me
at sushi and gordito are my cats
for those of you who do not know well
hell of you beards you gotta have guts
to wear these I have got a lot of guts
okay
these I've got similar pair to these but
they're not as my ones are a little bit
more rounded anyway what I love about
these most is the fact that they are
matte that they have a matte black rim
these out many of you do not like
glasses on me in fact I'm going to keep
these on because I love them that much
so don't care what you say blah blah
boring bum bum another Peggy Keyes
that's peasant net we won't do that
and these have got a little girl usually
I'm not a fan of the little skull and
you know things that they've done on
loads of things now but these are very
very little you can't tell us from far
far away and I love the leopard prints
though singing okay a few years ago when
I was a little bit younger I say you
know 18 to like 22 I used to have a
thing where because I wear my watch on
my right hand and then on my left hand I
used to just wear a bunch of gold
bracelets and then I stopped doing that
and I just wear one and I've been
wearing just one for about maybe a year
and a half and but I was planning on
going back to the whole bangle look but
just gold you know so I got this set of
gold bracelets
beautiful and what I love about these is
that some of them are plaited okay
whatever and then some of them are plain
so then I could literally just wear one
by itself like that I just love that oh
man I love the look I love their lip
okay
we'll keep that one on to thinner ones
as well I love the thin one like that
look you know just a watch and then a
plain gold bangle and just one by itself
you know lips cousins getting a little
messy it was perfect before I pressed
record and then I press record and
getting messy twice my turban do this
the two finger ring which arm is a
little cheetah or leopard and because my
fingers are quite small I can only
pretty much wear these on these two
fingers
unless I want to go ahead and tighten
them with my teeth but that usually
ruins ring so I don't do that anyway
then we've got this ring basically guys
if you guys are looking for budget feed
and don't want to really worry about
what to buy to wear just case off a
bunch of accessories and where old
clothes it'll look so linear and change
this cough stuff and then we got this
set of rings as well I am in love with
the thin when we just do the focus this
thin gold band over here cuz it's not
the rounded edge as well it's the sharp
edge absolutely love that okay and then
last but not least guys are you ready
all right you ready I thought this was
my favorite but turns out the chain one
is my favorite okay are you ready I'm
just trying to make it so it's not
wobbly so it's all in thank you for you
ready can you stop talking now Xena
here we go this gorgeous necklace I mean
I know every time I get a necklace I
have to place on the head like this I
mean I'm not saying to place on head
unless you undo a fish it's because it's
got the right stones then it's got the
chains off the chains I know I know guys
let's just stare at it in all for a few
seconds yes yes
staring in awe hmm I mean all you and
all time in all so oh here's my clothes
accessories bags as well just put that
in there yeah I hope you enjoyed it
um check out for histories on Instagram
if you like I think it's close I'll just
call UK and obviously you guys all know
the website and of course you all know
the shop close acessories because it's
in every town center if you would like
to see a full outfit of one wearing
today then head over to Instagram and um
check it out I might do it Instagram
video or they'll definitely be Instagram
photos okay so thanks for watching guys
I'll see you on my next video which will
be a styling video of the most exciting
pair of harem pants I have ever received
in my entire life from New York trendy
moms and if you guys know that vlogger
thanks for watching until next time keep
you covered
