hi guys weather's really hot here's Judy
looking something like a hot granny and
we thought we did out for the day video
in the middle of the country and here's
what Judy's wearing show them your hair
Judy my hat my hand your hair where's
your heppell show you whoo ted baker
baker yes and where's this gorgeous
top from let's tilt so you all can see
let's take your to host a baker's office
lovely i'm the linens judy marks and
sparks what's wrong with my house all
right she's snobby okay let's forget
that from here i am wearing a lazy dog
off hello I'm gettin if the camera
better I'm the important one here go I'm
wearing glazed or scarf which is the
gray and white ombre which will be soon
in stock and I wearing this shirt over
here mm-hm which is a vintage as texel
to print 1 i've got lays doll necklace
on there in your darlings I've got these
forever 21 jeans on and these Lara
sandals then guys we have the excesses
laurels accessories we got my dahab Oh
Dina bracelet gold bracelet from the
great gran hmmm ring and then we have um
hmm and I thought oh and then hold on
toughen it hasn't back here Oh H&M
bracelets are there we go darlings their
house overall as Yusuf over there
there's Judith again as her phone at
bodega I was wearing pink inglot but it
sort of fell off I've got off white
England is on so that's really a geyser
oh let's see what Judy's wearing on her
hands what is that where's that full
starves lovely songs a star yes and
that's nice i like that
design I wish designer Inc yes and this
one Egypt's ooh that's Egyptian Egyptian
silver yes they're gay nick is his name
so yes so you want it and the video
Judith well nice talking to you but I'm
off now she's off thanks for watching
guys till next time hold on hold on ah
the cost of what the next time keep
covered it's
