hi guys today's video I'm basically
going to do a necklace collection
because I feel like I haven't God are
you calling me hello yes hi in the house
man
no I'm going to sit in minute yeah okay
bye sorry I like guys businesses new
girl a year maybe two years ago I did a
jewelry collection video but over the
years my jewelry collection has expanded
and so I thought I would do it like a
necklace collection maybe in a few
videos time do a ring collection maybe
there earring collection blah blah blah
blah only if you want it though
obviously I'm gonna start off with the
one I'm wearing actually because I'm
wearing it and it's a two chain necklace
with little dime on tees on it and it's
from Lacey doll it's actually available
on lays off obviously anything I sell I
wear and I like it because it goes with
absolutely anything next we have this
necklace
Oh which is threading off but don't
worry use some scissors then it will be
fine so there's this necklace then you
just kind of like them and it's a bit of
a tribal one and I love it and I've had
it for a good year or two and it's from
Topshop actually and that story
sorry if I'm gonna go quite quickly I've
got so many necklaces it's unbelievable
this whole box over here and then I've
got a big pile on the floor okay oh by
the way guys it was my birthday like a
couple of days ago and I just want to
say thanks to everybody who wished me
happy birthday because a lot you did say
thanks fat guys I am 24 years old and
I'm feeling very down about it so send
me gifts to make me feel happy I mean
Jackie we've got this necklace which is
from H&M and I wear it a lot and every
time I do people ask me where it's from
it's a nice rope kind of Sailor f1 no I
probably won't write where I got
everything from in the description I'll
probably just catching it on the video
so note them down if you want to know
later okay
every time I wear this necklace I get
like crazy compliments from like
middle-aged women who think it's really
expensive and I'm like I'll darling it's
Primark then I go ahead and tell them
the price and she's like oh and then
they lose interest in the necklace so
this is H&M last summer actually but I
think they still do it
underneath no actually but I love this
that was like 10 pound H&M what else
have we got guys okay my keys that kind
of started off the whole statement
necklace thing the spiky designs and
we've got this one in lime-green in
being a ninja ninja hindley give me and
this is also a lazy doll one lay so calm
then we've got whoopsie okay then I got
this crazy statement necklace which I'm
yet to wear but I'm probably going to
wear it for a shoot I'm going to do with
Olivia and it's this kind of collared
one color for the round the corner and
it's an ancient Egyptian style one and
it is from the markets in Egypt in like
Chanukah lily and the you know the
bazaars and stuff oh oh there's this one
that I've had for a year or so it adds
like a really nice Street chic feel to
loads of my outfits and this is a
Topshop one lovely jubbly
putting in Webley i've got this chain
necklace I've got two of these and I got
these two to 15 pounds from Aldo then
I've got this oh my god oh I've got this
rose gold no not really it's more of a
bronzey kind of to chain necklace also
H&M H&M guys lovely jubbly this is a
recent lazy door one the black and gold
standard lion gangster chain necklace
then again bling what else have we got
guys what else do we owe this is an old
lady doll collection one the Tom the one
is called something reflection I don't
have this one on there anymore then
lovely jubbly might get it back in stock
probably winces I really like it got
this old one that I use in a lot of
fashion shows this was actually from
Egypt this is another Primark one
another chain one I'm really oh I did
have on this one today no I should yeah
no yeah no I will that any just quite a
lot of my outfit oh here's another one I
got from Egypt which actually
a necklace it's a face mask thing and I
just bought it to as a necklace so yeah
I think you're supposed to go like
lalala and just in belly dancing with it
well I just want is a necklace in fact I
have one there in a while I'm gonna put
that on tomorrow or maybe the next day
another Egypt one I've had this for
about four years and I love it with a
passion it's ultimate tribal love it oh
what's this one always this is a forever
oh I wore mine ages forever 21 medallion
necklace oh I missed that one
forever 21 I like this one cause it's a
nice colored one so and it's vintage
buttons which I did for a few of my
vintage and pieces added love buttons
and so this is like collared one which i
think is really cool if you wearing just
like a t-shirt with no collar etc and it
onto anything for a nice collar
especially if you do the turbo look I
really like that anyway that's lace doll
also kind of like a mini collared
necklace netted with spikes love that
one also this one everyone has this
necklace especially all their JB's
they've all got this necklace wow it's
really pretty I'm gonna start wearing
that again I love it you know and then
I've got this necklace which my mum
teaches in Egypt and one of her little
students is called talker and basically
talkers mum got me this necklace and
earring set from Tunisia which i think
is absolutely beautiful it's not gonna
be for everyone but I think it's
stunning I'm also gonna use this on a
photo shoot pretty soon gorgeous
necklace very very ethnic I love the
ethnicity although we've got this other
chain one which is actually a belt from
River Island I'm yet to wear that
because I found other chain ones in the
meantime I might use it as a belt right
not probably wait oh so we've got
another lazy dull one over here I love
this lazy dull one I worked the other
day with bright pink chinos and a white
jumper I'm a nice check it off why do I
do it on my head every time I get it out
oh my god
anyway lovely lace Darwinist oh then
we've got this collared one which i
think was for review i did a couple
months back a comment where nuts from
there
oh my god this is my first ever chain
necklace I've ever got in my life it's
just a long chain like that cuz you know
nowadays it's the shorter statement ones
that are more popular but when the
chains first came out I bought myself a
long chain which I used to wear only
about a year ago actually so that which
was H&M H&M one so this is another
standard lion necklace that everybody
likes
because Rihanna set the trend what else
have I got here oh my god this is so
long my little mustache necklace I'm
gonna wear that again I have one like so
damn long well definitely oh I miss that
so much man okay then we've got another
lace the one which is one of the
favorites as of now I've got this other
lazy doll one over here which I am in
love with and I've been rinsing like
crazy
oh my stunning if you're an Asian and
you're wearing a light blue outfit stick
this on your head why don't you Amy
there's that that's my cup see nothing
the thing that I know dear darling oh
yeah and then I've got this gorgeous
which is Betsey Johnson I think her name
is and LA fiancee always gets me
necklaces from her because they're
gorgeous little charm kind of necklaces
what is this animal I have him and a
mole who are you I can't focus oh damn I
can't focus why can't our focus um I
guess I can't focus but maybe I'll zoom
in for you hey look how cute that is
okay guys lash it now I know we did yeah
well not in a while either I'm
remembering all my lovely necklaces love
I know we've got the blank blank lazy
dough one also but I had another one but
I can't find out this fish one which I
think I did a giveaway a couple months
ago back in the summer for I can't
remember the website but this fish one
and then we've also got this one which
is from lovestruck remember remember
their jewelry shop online called
lovestruck online they're really nice
they always send me stuff
spiky necklace lovely and that's
actually it guys time to put the glasses
on because it's the finale I really do
that amazingly quick because I'm a
talented Zoomer my next video is gonna
be DIY how to make your own a bear yeah
Ramadan edition yeah don't quote me on
that it might not be the next video but
you will come before Ramadan in sha
Allah
I shouldn't have crossed my fingers okay
don't comment on that anyway so um do
you like my top and my shirt the shirt
is a vintage from a vintage shop in
Cardiff chords Zhi Zhu vintage and I
absolutely love it you know I love
vintage so I just love it and this
jumper is river island but you guys have
seen it before and I'm just good to wear
jeans and my cup look at the trainers I
got for my birthday I've been wanting
them for ages if you guys follow me on
instagram you know that I want these for
a long time and I can find them and the
future brother-in-law bought me these
and then he painted them because he
couldn't find them either I want to show
you this lovely bracelet I'm wearing and
if any of you are a Rabb's you know what
it's tears come on girls read it with me
it says Deena Deena just so happens to
be my name and this bracelet is
personalized 22 karat gold-plated
from dahab oh you can go under her bow
calm I'll leave the link in description
and you can follow them on Instagram and
you can basically get your own name
whatever words you want letters
personalized in bracelets necklaces and
that is and earrings if you want also
and you can use any language also they
will do it for you and she is my good
friend and I am in love I'm going to get
the necklace next by the way to have oh
anyway that's that guys I hope you
enjoyed this video see you the next one
ciao ah
till next time Kim covered
