hi guys okay so today okay so today's
video is basically good to be what I
wear to the beach so everybody knows you
know about a hijab' swimming costumes
bikinis whatever you want to call them
they've been around with Egypt for
absolute years and they slide off quite
ugly leopard prints etc long baggy micro
dresses just horrific and they're still
pretty horrific any ones I've seen as of
yet to be honest with you
so usually why I go for it is just a
diving suit or I go for black cycling
leggings but I wear to the gym with a
tight black top underneath and then what
I've just done is paired it with this
black kind of zipper lycra top that
comes just file it and this was part of
one of my mom's old my your Sheree's
which is Islamic like hey Debbie similar
costume so I just use that over the top
but you can use a spike on top or you
can make one of these with just they're
like rats that simple but I would
suggest going for all-black really can
go for colors but anyway and then
usually what I do it's just a small
black bun style but today I thought I'd
I'd apprentice goth because my bun style
my black one is all skinny I look like a
big flea so basically um yes I'll just
show you so that's that guys that's how
it to the beach what I do as well
sometimes I throw a cat sound over the
top take this off and then throw a cast
on over the top so underneath is just
leggings on the top so if anybody wants
to comment saying oh God but you can't
wear leggings as haram and you're just
still sharing the shape of your body and
what's the point because you just look
like you have a really black of all day
so you might as well be naked blah blah
blah
not really because like proper flesh
tanned flesh tanned lovely stomach
cleavage out Beach hair is a lot sexier
than this I think we would all agree
okay so here's a look guys now you can
see a bit footage on the beach you know
do bit posing with the little black
bandana
and I've got sunspots so don't mind
those and um so let's end the video
thanks for watching guys until next time
you become at peace
