hi guys today's video is basically gonna
be the Christian art video that we
advertised on Instagram and also Twitter
and her Facebook get on your faces sorry
and basically if anybody just know this
is valley girl from hell and we have
made video before and she's been doing
YouTube ever since you two terrified in
the whole world
so basically check out her channel the
link will be in description it
definitely will be I know I was hitting
up it's never met but it definitely and
M let's get start with a question in
case you're wondering this is part two
dirt it's name of the question arts
video part 1 I suggest you watch it
actually first so click off and then
come back down from here a watched pot -
okay love you link will be in the
doobly-doo we ish the shoe is this okay
what's up
rebby okay on instagram said something
no matter how crazy have what have you
always wanted to do okay not like I
would actually do this cuz it's Haram
but you said crazy and I've always
wanted like get total crap rip based you
know I can't say because yeah I
wanna drink I don't do anything like
that it's harder I don't do that I never
would but the idea of experiencing
something like that hangover would be
awesome I have another reason just like
wake up and evolved or my eyebrows are
in someone else's face but you know
because you're not fun
if you engage like this crazy just like
don't remember what happened had the
time of my life in that I guess the
reason why I want to do that is because
I'm such a granny I don't do anything so
to have that and do that that would be I
don't know it's just something crazy
that's what I pecan top my head The
Hangover was a wonderful movie no matter
when I want to experience oh one thing I
guess I would love to do get tattooed I
know it's not like nine tattoos if I was
allowed to happen I love tattoos I would
be fill detectives I'd be one of those
girls with the pink hair and the
piercings and the tattoos all over the
body and their legs
I think that's oh and guys we have news
what a Robocop would you ever quit
YouTube and why do you ever think about
quitting YouTube do you think I've been
teaching I've thought about it yeah
honestly this entire year when I was
going through all my crap I was thinking
about it but I never thought about
actually just leaving I thought about
like creating a new channel because
that's like I think I got will actually
do that in the future I want to know if
I better go from health because it's
been so ruined by YouTube I have this
thing where I will get like 10
subscribers and out and literally I'll
only get three in my counts or they'll
like take six away from me because of
the YouTube glitch I've been on YouTube
for so long that my subscribers are so
messed up that I really don't have the
honestly I'm malice crab is that
supposed to happen I don't get it
I had like almost 9,000 and now I have
eight thousand three hundred because
they said that it was because they were
doing in active accounts but it never
stopped it's been going on for almost
two years and I keep losing subscribers
every time that I gave them so I just
feel like I want to do the Refresh I
don't care if even like a thousand
people are subscribed to me I just want
the reality of it yeah and that's why I
created it in a second Channel
oh really but I wouldn't quit YouTube
about when I'm popularity but then I've
come across Jaime youtubers who are
around by age and therefore going strong
so I probably will generally speaking I
don't think I will ever quit in Shaba
anyway maybe the content of videos will
change and that kind of thing but I
don't think of Charlie anyway it's doing
good I hope not it's so fun
yeah really funny genuine is but people
don't people don't realize how much work
goes into doing videos so much work goes
into it is crazy
and everything that's to say oh my god
all you do is use a pen pal and you're
pretty and I'm sitar star Jennifer I'm
so serious until I get on the camera I'm
liking it but before I like we need to
do this we like Hitler yes you should
see so I've got some of my life it's not
obvious ended include rounds wearing
them going crazy like and I'm like yeah
oh also I was gonna say about YouTube
videos is that it is I'm hoping I never
stopped but it maybe it will lessen like
when you get more busy in your life I
like that you know yeah happens anyways
we love you guys I love you guys and I
appreciate you guys anyways yeah me too
by them say it for the final you cheesy
you know I just love it yes I want I
want to be so close to you that you feel
are you sure chef on Instagram said
should us hijabis or Muslims girls go to
prom it's easier on Haram Haram Haram
since it is a bad environment with all
people dancing and making them did you
get to a problem no I I didn't even
finish my high school in America I did
it he region and you better like a lot
of money but earlier that's - I went to
my prom I went to my prom I went to my
prom and me and my sister whether only
who JB's there even though they love the
same thing we were the only Debbie's and
we looked like well I mean in terms of
what we were we looked a bit shitty but
you know what it was a bit inappropriate
there's a lot of dancing and there were
some some kids drinking but nothing
crazy some of the teachers got drunk I
would say isn't a bit inappropriate I
left earlier than everyone else but I
have no parents are watching this insane
dumb it
it's comically no it's not appropriate
but the thing of that it must you're
hardcore so I mean your parents are not
letting you into your decision I think
as long as it's your intention and
you're not going with a guy I may be all
I mean of course if we wanted to yeah at
all I love it
it's always it's your intentions and
you're not going with a guy you're not
planning a dance with a guy I think that
if you just like kind of take care of
yourself and you're in control of
yourself then why not have friends
whatever but some friends if you go if
you go bunch of Muslim girl to ago I
mean you're gonna be safe in that group
you know you moon or gonna go wild then
find if you're gonna go by itself
cuz some English guy calls you out and
touch your hoo-ha of course not we can't
do that
this is from Kevin Kenna Kenna T Hasson
and actually this girl I was supposed to
meet her Egypt but unfortunately she
ended up during the day I found the
message sad but where did you and your
family good to make what we need if I
want to go with my husband next time I'm
there we went to a place called dinner
you know you're not even in the shot oh
what's that please need to be able with
a set in you go in you but you can make
pots with clay get rifles I have no idea
I wanted to know
okay okay
who is your favorite youtuber timchenko
obviously hello and mine is obviously
buddy girl from hell but other than that
I think my non favorite hit jammy
YouTube will would have to be
missglamorazzi I love her she's awesome
she's like she was like really conserved
in the beginning but after she started
dating Luke Conard and started making
vlogs she's one crazy girl and I love
her and everything I love her style I
copied her style exactly and I want to
make my videos just like her I just love
everything about her she's so happy and
I'm like a good girl like I'm gonna eat
you today oh my one of my favorite ones
is she cooled she's called Miranda sings
and hello this is glozell but what
glozell glozell and nerd sings and they
could accomplish together and Terrell
and really funny blonde wasn't really
there's a really funny blonde one and
she's got like millions of subscribers -
she just wicked
I can't really see much in terms of
Muslims I say I loved you I Tina's my
shameless her as well the first video
KJV video people I watched the others
cause I was like oh my god she's in like
flashes them how to misleading that
accompanied to actually do that and yes
as far as yeah I wish I mean yeah she
likes to them like every two weeks look
quite recorded to gangbang valor they
utter pool suited to you because he's
really just funny it's like genuinely
funny he doesn't like act funny
he's like genuine funny cuz I'm whose
questions in the matter we just move up
there's a favorite Yugi
oh yeah you want to do a question more
each in the next
okay these are gonna be our last
questions so
oh this is a good one to end it what are
you home I think obviously oh it's
YouTube right
well obviously Beauty yeah yeah yeah I
like Muni I love though I don't think a
lot of people know this but I love
writing I want to write a novel
Oh what do you do I write I've written
about a little bit of it but yeah and
like that touch them but yeah writing
and I love bleeding I'm kind of a dork
and I just like everything I have to do
fantasies like that and then like make
fun and stuff like that makeup you
fashion
I do mindful be to do she's gonna get to
visit don't I look doodad the job yes I
do now I did
I never hide it before I was gonna make
a video about something we just did
wanted but now I do
yeah I'm waiting like that's the only
thing she agrees she doesn't agree on
anything she doesn't listen to anything
but when I'm making a YouTube video she
said oh yeah but I do it yeah I'm so
proud of me she told everyone I'm a
movie star
like I just recently know how to do a
smoky eye decently before I was like how
do you define I don't know it it
kind of progressed it was it wasn't as
easy now it's just like it's so much
more simple and it's all about the brush
lightly light strokes barely but that's
what
anyway so guys that's the end of the
question after video we might do another
one during this holiday if we can meet
up because it really helped me out for
college at each other's heart and so at
the end of my video so until next time
and I mean thanks for watching until
next time doing yeah never you have to
do but do you okay so thanks watching
that's the next time you come watching
until next time keep it
