I know we're gonna have a lot of fun
playing around with odd high-heeled our
trainers goddamn everything okay
hi guys Serna basically I'm going to see
the wedding daddy people and here's the
outfit indicate there might be a pimp in
got prymaat t-shirt on lazy dog blank
blank ladies Oh scoffs I couldn't be
bothered to ironing so I'm so bad then I
got mint skinny song let me go to the
log of merit see Mike here's the outfit
to my darlings quite casual um quite
relaxed probably have a little cuts bag
probably won't have a baguette all
actually and so yeah today we're going
to see the there's whirling 20 rule
people so I'll probably film a bit on my
phone though and anyway these shoes are
from Primark and I think it's cool to
arm wear different colors I wish these
were white that would be even cooler but
probably do that when I get back to the
UK because when I try it with a few
heels for photo shoots and stuff I think
that's really cool right watch it's
gonna be a trend watch just watch it's
gonna be a trend I'm telling you
so there we go guys there's the outfit
again alright good
copy tell come both get the tripod
outside anymore and basically just
waiting on the cousin so I'm just
waiting on the blood so just waiting on
the cousin to come and colectomy and
then I will do some more vlogging later
anyway none of you have decided where to
do the meetup yet so and that's probably
because Egypt's really big and no one
could decide so so that if there is no
majority of earthly goodness behind so
if there isn't a majority of votes what
I'm gonna have to do just pick somewhere
and and that's it in the next video or
in the next few videos myself because
you know I'm gonna have to just do that
and then whoever turns up turns off I
guess umm what else does it gonna say
yep so we're gonna have to do that also
that's all I wanted to say really I want
to show you guys I got some oils from
Egypt here
I got some coconut oil and I got a mix
of loads of oils anybody know where a
good places to get Moroccan argan oil
because I want some of that - don't say
Morocco eliminate it's honestly stupid
people stop talking back up anyway I'll
see you at the whirling dervishes ooh oh
my god
I'm Boka all right mouse caterpillars
okay they're getting off the better
angle
there we go Anshu swag yeah okay Baba
anyway
I gotta kick waster you just finished
watching the the whirling eternal order
1000 people yeah now is it in well then
imagine how I feel in Zenith to cafe you
can check out your cafe and on top of us
some people say it awesome
and here we are and have a look at the
menu is con
just let me show you
hey Michigan Ave I have a anyway okay
they've got like big loves because it's
just quite funny it's like really
nineteen it's like a really nice pastry
sweet thing and we just ordered minty it
look like me
yeah yeah where people come to study
islamic studies in it basically guys
we're just stopping in Medina snus
nostril mas mas Manila Medina than us to
get some food from I've gotta loans from
Abdullah pollution oh yeah that's I'm
telling you guys are delusions Louis
liens pollution so basically we're going
to apt a slave of fab do know I'm doing
yeah it means laid off I'm translating
up like 100% asleep so the stabilization
so basically any bit pollution and I
guess we'll let you guys know what
tastes like probably film actually
pollution pollution for dinner this is
to me again guys you listen to shield
cousin patottie attenuation hey yeah
mommy let a doofus King today yeah okay
and so I'll just translate that you
haven't met my other cousin yet because
she's in
crap 'she's ask Andrea and she can't be
bothered coming to see me fresh freshy
my cousin de freshy I'm just gonna pass
the we're doing there's a sister the
bride looking like your big meringue
that's how Egyptian Brides do it the
don't think that you'll find eggs and
they close off the street completely
Congrats - how much other anyway
