hi guys if I call the Sun yet okay so
you don't yesterday can you see the
camera in the lens wealth can you see in
the lens this is a weird you can see
over there because my glasses reflect
obviously yeah so basically guys the
other day I posted it on Instagram thing
off the curb ah well turns out we didn't
go to the curb uh so basically I lied
and we went today so that's kind of cool
I filmed a little bit over there but you
can't I don't know it's kind of hard to
like take my good camera with me to
Egypt because how long like you
shouldn't really be too flashy and like
attract unwanted attention and have
people like coming in mugging you etc
because that's happened quite a lot so
didn't really want them there we bring
the camera out and about I just use the
iPhone so the footage is iPhone footage
so you know sorry about that but yeah
core it was like a place hasn't lost
kurby is it like a nice thick cover like
a place mediate and it's just like
streets and stuff and you just and
there's like shops at food bakeries and
cafes and it's just a really nice walk
it's a bit hectic in like hot place
really nice walk or that kind of thing
so we went there and had some stuff from
the bakery and then we went drinking a
cush and walked around and then what do
we do after that
I don't know but anyway it was nice and
you'll see the footage for that probably
now I'm talking anyway I don't know
so yeah I've stopped wearing my nose
ring and eat it because I don't know
ahead when I'm in this country for some
reason well since we're gonna stay oh
yeah basically a lot of you guys have
been commenting saying saying Dena do a
meet-up in Egypt so I'm thinking of
doing a meet-up in Egypt
however Egypt is a very big place so I'm
going to suggest three places number one
place
okay so no wait number one downtown in
Tagami to go to get more campus
testimony there's a place called
downtown all you Egyptians will know or
we can meet up in Tivoli yep you guys
know Timothy probably or we can meet up
in rehab city in the bit by the
restaurants than that because I'm
thinking I'm thinking if we do a meet-up
if there's under ten girls that turn up
but then maybe we can all sit down
somewhere and have a drink together and
get to know each other if there's over
ten it might be a bit hard to do that so
then maybe what we'd have to do is just
have somewhere nice to walk around take
photos and chill out and say hey and
stuff so depends how many people come so
if you are interested in a meet-up it
will probably be on a weekend in Egypt
which is which is from Thursday evening
to a Saturday so we can do it between
Thursday and Saturday any time 20 a
really I'm not first actually on a
Saturday actually I can't do Saturday I
can only do Saturday if it's an evening
because I want to pick my cousin with me
and she works on Saturday so I probably
bring Hasson as well working when you
come passing yeah so anyway let me guys
know if you guys want a few Egyptian
girls who are live in Egypt really do
want to do a meet-up inbox me on YouTube
and I'll figure out how many girls
interested and then what we can do is we
can leave a comment below if you are
planning on coming on where you would
like to meet up so downtown check out my
office settlement or Tivoli or rehab
city let me know and then we'll mind out
anyway Wells's like I'm saying yeah so
and also nothing I want to mention my
vlogs while I'm here might be crappier
quality and that's because the internet
is slower so I have to really compress
the videos and that means I can't go HD
sometimes but there we go how this video
is really boring anyway there you go you
saw a little bit of cover very
expressing stuff and then we had
in a place called Bros which is alright
so yeah see you tomorrow for my next
little Egypt video I suppose well you
believe I forgot to say till next time
can be covered up to you so next time
Felicia Malati okay
