hi guys so today's video is just a
little out of the day video and so I
just have these glasses on which are
actually from a charity shop I think
that prescription because they make my
vision goal funny I do have other ones
that aren't prescription but they're
just not here right now they're in my
house so yeah and wearing I just a plain
black scarf which is actually the ombre
one or what I've done is I've hidden the
ombre section away which is really good
another really great feature of those
scarfs you know because the kind of tune
one ombre when you want it all black
when or normal whatever color it is when
you don't want the ombre really selling
it their online a gold cuff bracelet
which is from a sauce and they come
instead up to and I've had them for out
of the ages got a normal casio one which
is from Canada okay then i have this um
white shirt on which is from mango and
it was actually plane just back then
actually just a plain white shirt for 15
pounds in the sale and then I went and
customized it with loads of polka dots
so yeah there it is so there it is my
friend that is the outfit these jeans
are red few G's which are from zara and
i bought these back in the summer for 25
pounds then we've got the asos hidden
wedge heels which i don't know if they
are there now but i'm sure you get there
for those of other places there it is so
that's the outfit guys I'm not going to
use a bag because lately I just can't be
bothered using bags me under so just
take my debit card in my pocket as well
as my oyster card in my pocket and then
my phone in my hand so they go please
stop commenting say you want the old
Dina back cuz you don't even know who
the old dealer is you don't even know
who the real deal is so spare the stupid
comment and if you mean because my
videos are changing well obviously I'm
not gonna have the same videos every
time am i a lot of you guys want his jet
tutorials but I'm only going to put up a
hair tutorial if I've actually changed
the sign a little bit what's the point
of repeating them
I'm just going to make any old crap up
just to put tutorial out there if I
think it's an ugly look hmm what's the
point in that so are my style has
changed well have a look at your photos
to three years ago you'll start would
have changed too um if you mean maybe
it's just the fact that you guys have
got used to me where's before maybe you
hadn't got used to me so you thought it
was different but maybe now you've got
used to be so maybe that's why I've
changed Oh what else could it be let me
think we didn't know where else we but
basically you guys mean that the old
dealer was somebody who may be dressed
prettier or dressed you know nicer or
girly or something that you prefer it
and that's fine but there's no need to
be rude about the style that is emerging
now because to be honest with you I'm
sick of the typical oh that outfit is
still pretty therefore it's very nice
kind of thing like just because you
think it's pretty doesn't mean it is you
know I mean is everything just so
typical nowadays just like oh yeah it
she's wearing pink trousers and a blue
top and has cos pic so it matches so it
makes sense in my head so it's hot so
just because you might not understand
something doesn't mean you have to diss
it do you know and you know it as well
and then you want to reply saying oh we
got me to be rude etc we don't mean to
we just want to do this we'll do that
but you know it's rude you know it you
know it's going to provoke anger you
know that for a fact you're not stupid
so actually just think and read your
comments back to yourselves
and if you don't realize that they're
rude all their pointless comments I
don't need to be there then you are just
an absolute horrible better I think
style hey jebby style really there's
just such a huge obvious difference in
it in each country for example
australian fashion hey jebby fashion is
so different to London hijabi fashion
Australia one's really girly and really
pretty you know I'm just really nice
it's really feminine but the London
hijabis tend to have more of it or they
tend to be more aware of like more like
a street style look the Malaysians and
in Tunisians are always even if they
don't get it they love it and they
always they're very open minded people
so they will embrace it if they don't
like it they'll take inspiration they'll
take the good from it and use it for
themselves or just they'll take
inspiration from what they can basically
if they don't like it they'll just leave
you know as most things so however there
are others in the world that aren't as
understanding I suppose the Americans
are quite they're quite cool they get it
and if they don't get it they're just
like oh girl you rock you're so just so
racking you know no one's in the UK that
are just and if they don't get it means
it's haram they do that hope you like
the other day piggies will be on my new
blog which is days of dole calm and I
probably didn't make any sense but
you'll get just I don't want to make
rent videos anymore it just what I kind
of express myself so having said that
guys thank you for watching until next
time keep covered hey
