okay then my only refuge is finally
gonna be the signing one how to style a
specific pair of trousers in a number of
ways probably three might do five
depends if I want to be quick about it
or not um sorry the styling the kind of
is but it's not really I'm not really
gonna get I mean they're not really
categories I'm just literally gonna wear
yeah the trousers are three times and
then film them and put them together and
if you like it like it hopefully get
some ideas from it or a little bit its
though I'm not seeing that story so kind
of feel a bit weird filming videos
because like I just can't talk anymore
especially after the last video not the
last video but the video about my weight
loss eating disorder thingy like come on
guys appreciate that I made that video a
few guys and some of you were just so
rude unbelievable
like if you don't like how I talk then
you know I couldn't care less
okay so okay so I'm just gonna show you
the trousers that I will be wearing
numerous amount of times for this video
they are these trousers which are kind
of like track pants but in a nice fabric
chino slash loungy style and they've got
like two drawstring things here and I'm
just wearing Christmas socks a little
bit out of season but it worried about
it and they were in the sale for seven
or ten pounds I think and I got them in
a size 12 I believe and this is how they
look all right so this is look at number
one and then I'm just wearing my lovely
the last is which are which have a
little bit of a 90s vibe to them um with
the patterns we have a look at that then
I just got my fake beauty spot as usual
and I've got you know the usual
accessory on the UM Casio as well which
is pretty much get that anywhere now and
this was actually for Camden so they go
then I'm just wearing this nice light
kind of hooded jacket which I believe is
love vintage and um I really love it
- just got Deena written all over it why
am I talking like it so yeah we've got
this jacket and it um I love it look at
the Hodag oh here it is there's the hood
I just think it's fan bloody tastic
and yes the hood is like nice of a lawn
on the inside as well super cool I mean
it doesn't fit over the head you know
for obvious reasons big head and all
that it's so cool yeah and yes then I'm
wearing this t-shirt which says first
things first and I love graphic tees
this isn't graphic but I love t-shirts
with things on them and this was
actually from TK Maxx from the men's
section as usual guys 7 pounds and then
obviously I've got the trousers on so
it's kind of a oh of course hold on a
minute let me just get Susie's shoes
these are shoes that I've been wearing
quite a lot recently but I've had them
for a while since the summer and they
are from ASOS they're the hidden wedge
heels that mine the dirty socks in the
corner there all right so they're the
hidden wedge heels which are from ASOS
and they were 40 pounds I believe and
I'll just put them on now and show you
the home also really loving sweaters -
and then I'm probably just gonna use
this bag over here so that's that look
guys and here's a next look so this is
look number two and it's basically a
look that I would have preferred to do
with using black and white colours for
the black and white trend that's going
around but all my things are in London
so I have to make do with what my sister
has basically so this is basically a
whole outfit steal off my sister but she
did wear a lot better because I'm a tap
so anyway summer my scarf which is
really old from violent then we've got a
vintage silk kind of dusted lime green
shirt which again was vintage to see
where's this great jumper from and we've
got this great jumper which is from gap
which is my sister's and then I'll just
show you and relaxed casual look there
and this shirt is great because it's
flowy
and it covers all over hind okay um so
and then I've just worn these shoes
which I've actually showed you guys in a
shoe video does these shoes ease over
here and these are from Topshop my turn
is messing up so it's just rubbish isn't
it today wait these are from Topshop and
they're 30 pounds I've got them a while
ago in the sale and they're just a
really perfect little heel that you can
just about handle for every day and they
great for mixing prints because leopard
print has become like a nude and why I
just done that so I would suggest not
doing the table look and I've actually
only done it for the purpose of this
video when I do go out I'm gonna wear it
normally because it's just too cold for
life so maybe you can wait for when it
stops being cold if you're in England
like me to do the turban alrighty so on
to the next lick I thought I'd do
something that's maybe a little bit more
dressy FP because the other looks are
kind of more casual so I thought we'd do
something which is a bit more for the
evening um kind of like evening casual
anyway sorry I just had to rummage then
through my sister's wardrobe anyway so
um what I've done is actually changed
the dev style just a teeny weeny little
itty bitty and this is a really old
style but I think I think we all rocked
out back in the year 2010 possibly 2009
if you have a look through some old
videos or through some old Facebook
photos then you will see this tutorial
well this is pretty simple and it's a
pretty simple bun style the one earring
look because I love that and we've just
kind of done a little bit of knit
coverage for all of you guys who hate
your neck anyway then what I've done is
added the lovely Thor cling fan debido
CD and planky blazer I was kindly gifted
from the lovely Miss palanga
when I went to the lovely country called
Indonesia back in the summer and
absolutely stunning
anyway it's something that I really love
doing and that's just paired it with a
plain white t-shirt which i think is I
mean I really
plain white t-shirts because I just
think you can add them with any outfit
jacket style outfit or just with any
paper towels that I just love the white
t-shirt thing I really just think it
kind of I don't know what it does to an
outfit but I really just love it
obviously if you're gonna go out for the
evening accessorize how you like do your
nails weight your own kind of earrings
so it you make a pout my makeups a mess
because I have conjunctivitis
I believe I've diagnosed myself of
course I have them the same trousers on
which you can't really see but you get
the gist and then I just paid it with a
lovely clutch bag for the evening which
is my sister's and it's from printed
connections and thanks you see so as for
the shoes East I've just got the Saline
look-alike heels which were from Primark
a while ago and I know white socks
aren't for everyone sir oh you know if
you don't like them obviously don't wear
white socks I personally love the white
socks looks the white sock look and I
know it looks a bit prati and stupid but
you know sometimes I like to look stupid
so you know if you don't like it then
just use your Nishat of and don't wear
socks or wear clothes shoes whatever you
fancy really
so anyway apologies for the quality of
the video once I'm settled back in
Cardiff and shot I love the quality will
be a lot better and I'll be back into my
usual routine of regular video updates
and check out my new blog which is
called days of dalkom my dealer Tokyo
dot-com blog kind of see look at that
conjunctive I just can see that eye
watering like crazy anyway my old prom
theme choker calm is still around but
there's something going on with it I
don't know what but nobody can get on to
and I can't figure out so I just made a
new blog because I I just really wanted
to blow again so I now have two blogs
when do you take your copies back up and
running it will just kind of stay there
lounging around I guess but the new
block is days of delcom so check it out
hi guys okay so this it kind of look
that I love because it's so comfortable
it's my like complete and utter
favorites and you can basically do it
with any colors that you want in your
life
so I've just got my normal black scarf
on I would have dumped my black and
white ombre scarf but I miss Ashley in
London
I couldn't do that I'm sorry that I've
got this lovely sweater which says just
make dua on it make dua on it and it's
from Dean team Co a company that makes
these sweaters and I think they do them
in maroon which would be a great color
actually the spring and I'm just gonna
move the cameras try and get better
lighting slightly better anyway here's
the sweater and I've got this in a size
large I've absolutely loved it get the
same trousers again and then of course
I've just paid it with my usual well so
bright um like airmax
Wow you can't see them it's a jumper and
I've just paired it with this lovely
rucksack which is from Primark ages ago
so that is these are my headphones that
I will connect to my phone later on
here's what the headphones look like
when they're on don't know why I tell
you why not if you like them they're
from Urban Outfitters and there were two
for 25 pounds on sale so thanks for
watching guys and see in the next video
until next time keep me covered peaks
