nice don't mind the face anyway today's
video is going to be makeup day vlog
with sue blondie the makeup artist I
just so happen to live with conveniently
and of my base so enjoy it what we're
going to do is do the makeup and we'll
see you in a little while then you stop
wearing it face when it's decent with
all this business is decent alrighty
then alrighty Jake to our outing it's
cool i'm gonna yell look quick there are
a few oh my oh so it's a little bit
awkward here guys cuz me and so we're
actually talking as she was applying the
foundation on that physics sam is
meeting little boys over in the meantime
and that's it goofy face as per usual
right on cue as well as fixed in top
cheesy embarrassed smile see this affair
some I've ever had no like the third
time I've ever had my makeup
professionally done usually I just do my
own face now I did find it quite amusing
but i must say that thermos blonde is a
very talented young lady um okay i'll go
back to the dinner
so you can see and obviously shaken few
shades darker videos then you
I do prefer to be slightly darker and I
put my makeup on so the latter was a
request from me he's the best popcorn
okay so nice pop gun was don't even go
out mom don't want nobody your pot for
90 days though great not me I'm so I do
quick outfit the day while then she's
pregnant I'm out i think i did earlier
neohart tight for time because the sun's
been going to go down sooner we end
whose natural girl right then so what
what then alright so at this moment in
time as you can see mrs. belani sorry
not mrs. she's a mr. Lonnie for leasing
the guys out there is applying don't
green eyeshadow on my eyelids and this
is my video of the day so I can't really
give you the correct techniques etc
because I don't really know I just know
she's putting it on my eyelid that's
about as technical as I'm gonna get
didn't see that one coming did ya
basically we got a bit carried away and
ended up with this crazy look because we
wanted something quite dramatic and this
is one of it okay think we're gonna wait
show me look at me they're weak we're
done guys hot chicks a fellow well
anyway knows anyway this was just a
spontaneous look wasn't it just look
just got just just kind of random ones
just went loose on my face haha I ok we
need to go and do something
yeah why come on over my head into it
till next time yeah these do your deal
my taste in Italy cheese guys good with
this place how do you feel after that
little mini photos session weird feel
tired doll really yeah what was it good
are you happy with the face yeah yeah
good we'll do more creative shits and
creative makeup looks um what am I going
on about look at night move back move
back will become more back clearly love
you all right hold on anyway so me
answer her I am finished hi guys and we
just finished our photoshoot if you have
a look oh I took my earring off but here
is it was like this yeah and basically
we went outside and yeah all right Dora
and we went outside and we took some
photos and they look really good and you
can check those out on my Facebook page
makeup I belani f of this my email
makeup by belani on facebook and make
sure you like my page and yeah that's
pretty much it maybe I'll give me them
as well yeah my email is naked by
Bologna Xu month apopka we put down
there somewhere yes i'll put in
description for your scripture told me
da Liang damn it so all we're gonna do
nails them please let us know what other
video you'd like to see of me and Sue
together as well there'll be a new video
up on her channel channel tomorrow today
as well don't know what yet there and
figure out how it is but do late by then
hmm alia under school 23 said love the
color of corn without don't shout out
shout out to alia gone give a shout up
if it's harming Ali I will done girl
well your eyes a little a little message
for you I'm gonna fit love color you
start actually he gave you these nothing
I'll did it it's one of y'all's lazy the
ones that matter then yeah actually
that's a really good idea I'm next video
should be us going through our comments
on Instagram and replying to people
including the horrible comments now that
would be fun to do dinner bro God be
refunded Dana what I comment back some
of that comment to me and like some
people no I do too I do too enjoyed that
little video and someone to show you
guys a little bit of some officers
skillet in the village on the face so I
what school to go to london school of
beauty makeup blunder school duyen make
ops and so if any of you guys need her
for a fashion shoots or
bridal makeup or say or evening day or
evening make out if you've got an
occasional I don't know whatever you
don't leave Booker make possible then
and I recommend actually you know what
we should do dinner well let's do a
little bit of a special offer Oh anybody
other than Mike you don't think about
that okay there anybody who wants to
book you now they have to have watch
this video so they have to quote you a
code yes that's the way I say all right
the codes gonna be pineapple juice
pineapple juice all right that's funny
so basically if you guys want a book
house to her its center a email for a
discount type in pineapple juice for a
10 count for ten pounders out there you
go that's my mice nice one Muslim much i
love this sudden masha'Allah shelling
kidding how much d touched there from 35
pounds but if you quote pineapple juice
juice juice pineapple juice you will get
a ten-pound discount and not only 28 for
another make it 24 pounds that's call
you match that was out there for you
what levels max office of mac lovers
because i'm at lovely yeah that's true i
basically use mac and baby Norris Hall
faces month I feel so mad pub right now
it's mekin it's England as well I don't
think England yeah you know the brain
that made the halal where polish oh is
that the property is a brand that's the
wrong horse interesting but anyway we
look some boo I love it I love the Sun
Bowl
it just the lighting that she really
likes white not my don't I'm have liked
to work early mix semi rings thanks guys
thanks heavy Billy's bloody mix again
shouldn't she always sends me things in
the first like Tata Chris's as well
thanks Aviva we don't share any link
like she never shares them with military
took too long i do gapless ik 1 to 10 I
give it to an idea to give you have one
maybe a one push thanks for watching
guys until next time eat chicken touch
me bro hold the spot oh my god they're
so high school icom listen y'all but and
it's changed yella boy you're like a
little
