Cardiff Christmas holidays look there's
rain on my speckle there rain on my
speck over our radar why speckle person
passes back Oh Beckett and I'm back as
well how's this voice is Brooke if you
listen carefully passive voice is broken
masha'Allah brother my finger sign so
this is gonna be Cardiff Christmas log e
because Hazzard and Mama are back from
Egypt for two weeks and we're gonna have
fun in chat law and also you can um this
videos gonna take two weeks to be up
because I'm gonna film throughout the
two weeks but if you would like sorry
fixing let's go from between everything
if you would like um updates in the
meantime make sure to follow one key
idea Tokyo's music for little ten-second
videos in the moon tribe alrighty then
guess who's back because we came
straight from school did you not yes you
did
me and Yusef I just up it's my ballet
bow we're just pretty bored so we
thought we'd do a bit of one direction
singing you ready Yusef is if Zane Zane
you ready come on how does it go our
favourite 1d song don't mind us golf
how's it going oh it's you they not only
little things you can't go babe Deena's
a retard t oh you're not coming in bitch
oh I guess it's just time for bed that
I'm basically wearing PJs and this is a
neck scarf but I'm wearing in my pajama
this is vlog video so I do anything
super business supermarket shopping and
the wet rolls happens back from Asia and
everybody's doing the walk and I'm gonna
do the standard feet walking but I
always do my blunts just rested the
phone on the car and we filmed a for the
cottage for you guys it's from DKNY
techne jeans are from H&M and I'm
wearing Doc Martens I'll just show you
one alright just want to show you you
such awesome coordinates use of all some
cool trousers want to be in the video
and this is the Cardiff log all right hi
guys we just came out of Life of Pi and
it was an amazing movie and everything
went really amazing we really enjoyed it
except her son spilled salsa all about
my trousers come on
and then I tried to sanitize it with my
Center back to work and you suck just
really hates filming in public so then
why did as I slapped him across the face
and that's got him that bruise right
there yeah
just proved ends you know now we're
gonna go and have some food so I
probably do more film in there where
it's laughing yeah yes
use of cotton visiting the campus
basically guys it's Christmas Eve and we
are ending our evening
Yussef enjoying his man dolls enjoying I
use oh yeah
don't mind the hood it's just a
temporary hijab for this keek where i
show you how i thrash uses ass in
ping-pong eighty-eight table Turner's oh
the size of the turkey look there's my
hand there just to give you an idea of
the size absolutely and to see cooked
all of this by herself and mummy as well
amazing amazing were like amazing
masha'Allah and you have crackers
because it's so maybe we just on a break
from go-karting we got 50 minutes or
something
Wow guys you know how much I love sushi
baby oh hi guys so this is the first of
January and I'm going to end my vlog
today by showing you guys some teeth the
girls well as 2cm Deena
sorry well yeah don't leave quickly
anyway they just want me to film their
hands so that's what I'm gonna do
there's diets hunt yep
they go deep to see dress so we're just
going to wrap up the
and I'll see you back in London when I'm
back into my usual routine if you can
hear me okay bye
