hi guys okay this is like a really quick
video because basically I just came back
from the shimmer and shine event which
was in Tooting bloody Broadway which has
aged the way but anyway it was really
good and I was gonna film a vlog off
over there of the show and all that but
you know no hijabis I mean hey Jer bees
without scars on etc so I couldn't
really film because that's naughty
so I didn't film a block so I'm just
gonna basically make up a video of an
alpha of the day and show you my outfit
because Lana sir one second so basically
just go start with my head gear and I'm
wearing the lazy dog off which actually
was just the white glaze eNOS cuff and
then I dyed it and created a dovey tell
the ombre created the ombre for you and
we will have embraced garbs and later
doll soon when we relaunch the scarf
which is the ombre and this page website
is my tutorials after a while back which
was the nice and neat tucked in stuff
anyway then I've got fake lashes on
which are really obviously fake and my
line is all smudged set forget that
anyway this necklace is from H&M there's
a close-up they good and then here's the
jewelry while we're here these rings are
Topshop sale all of them atop sale these
knuckle ones are toe rings
and so this one am I gonna have any
bracelets which have going on with gold
bangle anyway this jump over here is the
Topshop jumper and it was from Topshop
yep and then we have my vintage bag I
showed you in my last video which was
the one before this one and it's my
vintage back from The Vintage Fair there
it is lovely
so you can see the full outfit one
seconds okay so here are my trousers
guys these are from H&M for 15 pounds
and you can't really see my shoes so one
second so I think the ombre will
actually look a lot better with like a
black and then white or like many colors
anyway I'm going to show you my shoes
there yeah I don't know if you can see
but they're on my shoe and these little
Topshop for I don't know but they want
sale
you saw the shoes and that's that so
anyway that's that video until next time
peace
