hi guys I'm back with another video as
promised in today's video I'm gonna try
on a whole bunch of makeup for you guys
makeups I've never tried before and I've
let you just stashed it away in my
drawer the first thing we're going to
try all these impress press-on manicure
nails
these guys have actually sponsored
today's video so thank you I've got a
whole bunch of designs over here but
then if I'm gonna be able to hold them
all up these are the ones that screamed
Dena the most let's get started shall we
so this impressed press-on manicure
achieves a one-step gel manicure in
minutes you don't need any glue for
these nails features a patented super
hole Jubilees adhesive all you have to
do is peel and apply them once you found
the design that you want to use find the
correct nail size for each finger and
put them to the size in order you have
to apply these to clean and unpolished
nails remember that just take the prep
pad to cleanse your natural nails first
each pack comes with 30 nails 6 accents
a prep pad add a mini file so you can
adjust your nails beforehand once you've
figured out your sizes all you have to
do then is align the tab with the
cuticle because you don't want to end up
sticking these guys upside down then
press down firmly in the middle then
press down firmly on each side of the
nail as well another really important
tip is apply your thumbnails last and
that's it guys
really easy to do this is the final look
with the nails really love them they
were so quick they feel really secure
that it feel annoying and they'll just
stay on for the rest of the video they
come off really easily so there won't be
a hassle when you want to take them off
at the end of the day and by the way
guys these are only exclusively
available to superdrug for $7.99 well
that's a good start to the video I'm
loving the first product let's get
started onto the second product to try
is these revolution concealers that
everybody's been raving on about I went
ahead and bought 7 this is in shade c5
which looks like it could be my color
let's have a look yeah that was like a
good shade okay so that was shade c5 it
applies very nicely any of my comments
today guys is gonna be basically me
comparing it to my personal favorite
concealer which actually is the
Maybelline age rewind that hasn't
stopped being my favorite for years
I love concealers that have this kind of
consistency which is similar to the
Maybelline age rewind one not sure if
this is a bit too light for me actually
but maybe you know I haven't done like a
brightening and
you know it's so long so maybe we'll
just do that I really like that so far
you could see my face instantly as like
brightened up from that I genuinely
really liked that so far wow that is so
exciting
I'm gonna happen you concealer to go on
holiday with Wow do I like that yes
right we'll try another shade a bit
later on okay now I want to go in and
try to foundations that I might have to
mix up I'm not sure yet so the
foundation I want to try today is the
deal forever under cover 24 hour full
coverage foundation now they sent me
this in the shade 2-0 20 and I think it
is my shade but will will have a go oh
so I guess it's quite runny oh it might
be a bit too dark actually maybe I'll
have to mix this up well this is good
and messy why am i what am i doing this
since when do I do that when do I just
plonk on I don't know I forgot to try on
the primer the benefit Porefessional one
ok well I'll have to be in another video
right I'm not sure if this foundation is
too dark but no it's not too dark oh
this is super super smooth this is
literally so runny I accidentally put
loads on my eyebrows the pain a little
bit too much oh I think it might be a
bit too light for me maybe oh my god do
I have any contour to try do I have any
powder to try I don't think I can do a
whole new face with new products but
we'll try well I clearly used way too
much foundation guys you see by my
eyebrow need to blend that in it blends
in quite easily to build us with you and
although I know I have way too much on
it doesn't feel heavy at all it's 24
hour we're full coverage Thresh
weightless foundation well they're not
lying it definitely feels incredibly
weightless I feel like I'm almost just
put on a moisturizer legit I'm not
exaggerating like coverage is quite good
I'm not sure if it's too light for me or
if it's exactly my color and I just like
to turn things up a bit but it's blended
in very well by the way I have mega
scratches along my nose because Hannah
clawed me okay before I set my
foundation what I want to do is go in
and try another revolution concealer in
shade
c14 and I got it so that I can try it as
a contour Oh
looks a bit dog but well maybe I can try
some c11 first just to bronze up my face
a bit I'm gonna bronze up my whole face
in contour technique with this not just
cool contouring partner I really like
the applicator as well of this concealer
I really do
normally I use my Maybelline age rewind
concealer as a concealer and the
foundation and everything so this is
gonna change it up a bit for me which is
quite exciting actually cuz I've been
really bored with my makeup recently
okay it's going all over my scarf so
it's time to be I'm already that is
bronzing it up so nicely is it blending
well yeah I think it is am I just seeing
things you know like when you see loads
of positive reviews online but you don't
want it to influence your decision but I
think I really did I do like it because
I'm getting the same results as my age
rewind which means it's a good thing
that is bronzing me up so nicely guys so
it was c11 and c5 under my arms under my
eyes sorry arms guys I don't know if you
can tell on camera but it's coming up so
nice and natural and dewy and just
beautifully blend it okay I am actually
just going to get my powder and set this
whole base because I really like it so
it's the Dior forever undercover
weightless foundation and paired with
the Revlon conceal and defined
concealers loving this new base so far
actually before I set shall we try some
of the really dark concealer shade to do
a bit more heavy contouring I'll
literally do a tiny bit because this
could ruin everything if I'm not careful
I mean literally look how dark that is I
don't think I've ever used one for that
dog but I bought it so I kind of wanted
please don't please don't ruin me it's
fine it's doable no more than that
though Dena no more than that I can deal
with that although I don't think I've
needed it but I'll do it on the other
side just so that it's the same so you
do a tiny bit on the bottom of my nose
cuz no more than that Dena guys this
blends in absolutely beautifully I'll
just set my face with my favourites
powder
hourglass one I don't have a new powder
to try so okay that is flawless
isn't that flawless yes it is that's
really nice I love it I don't care what
you say
basically Maybelline has come out with a
gigi hadid makeup line there is a tinted
moisturizer here but I'm not gonna try
that but it does look quite nice the
pack
is quite nice as well and they also have
a mascara they have some lip liners they
have different eyeshadow palettes
they've also sent me this really nice
bright red lipstick which looks
promising there's also this palette so
here is the small palette guys it's very
Gigi isn't it very natural kind of
subtle colors I do quite like the look
of it I just took that first kind of
nude shade there which is called
butterfly Lane just to kind of set the
whole tone of my lid okay then I'm gonna
go in with this pinky shade up here
which is called Carbon Canyon I think
it's kind of a very light very kind of
Airy fairy but dusty vusty that make
sense I think then I'm gonna take that
kind of Goldy shade on the end which is
called g-force
and put it on the inner corners of my
eyes you want happens with our then
shall we who is it's a lot more kind of
bronzy than it looks on the palette but
it's very nice this is really the wrong
brush to use it's making my eyes water I
do like that little pop there I'm gonna
take a flat brush and use the shiny pink
color which is called Magic Hour and
just put that in the center of my lids
see how that looks
that's quite a nice very very subtle you
know sometimes when you get like really
shiny eyeshadows they age your eyelids a
little bit they bring out the eye
wrinkles this is a dude that's still
keeping my lid quite smooth which is
nice you know on a mine because I do
have wrinkly eyes I do like this palette
this is a good small palette size as
well that I could take on holiday with
me without you know feeling the weight
of my bag but the only thing about
traveling is that the heaviest part of
my suitcase is always my shoes and my
makeup which is just the pain in the
backside because I always find I don't
even wear makeup that much that much on
holiday there is a little bit of fallout
then if you can tell but nothing that we
can't sort out in our mine I really like
this shade guys I'm just packing on
anyway I think that's enough of that let
me get rid of that fallout I have faith
in one
what I do want to do is try the New Deal
holiday couture collection palette which
is so cute it comes in this little purse
and inside is the palette with a little
brush
oopsy-daisy x' i think i'm gonna go in
with the darkest shade on the end there
to put on the outer edge of my eyes and
do a bit of a drama effect the colors
are a little bit mature but I mean
that's fine there's also a little mirror
which is very handy so I'm just gonna
put this on the outer V of my eye and
then just slightly go up a little bit
okay I'm gonna apply it with this brush
but then I'm gonna blend with another
brush because this brush isn't doing it
as usual the brushes in palettes never
do it anyway guys what I'm blending tell
me how are you what you been up to in
your lives recently you know let me know
in the comments like what's new what's
literally new in the world in your world
and also just in the world seeing as I
can't keep up with anything how's that
for a tiny bit of drama I think I'm
actually gonna put a little bit of that
same dark shade just on my lower
lashline as well let me find a clean
brush god damnit that is nice I like it
with the same brush I'm gonna go back to
the GG palettes and I'm gonna take the
dark shade in there and also put that on
my lower lash line but bringing it
further down we're gonna go for like a
grungy glam look I'm gonna take some of
that color as well
onto my outer corner a little bit more
darken up the edges guys I'm really
liking this so far I think if he sees me
I'm gonna try this Gigi Hadid and may
and Maybelline black liner and I'm just
gonna put it up in my waterline because
I feel like some drama ooh that
literally slips on that does it's a gel
eyeliner oh no wonder it's a gel liner
blimey yo if my eyes water this is gonna
go everywhere oh my god guys this is so
smooth I feel like putting this all over
like all over around my eye so I should
I just do it but you need to be so light
with it because it's just it's piling
it's literally just a little you know
just light it on I feel like they should
have had a smudger on the end or
something so you could really smudge it
out you could literally do like a cat
eye with this but I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna attempt that that is hot
I like it shall I contour my nose more
I'm gonna contour my nose even more and
look like a proper contoured person yeah
okay I'm actually gonna contour using
this shade in this also Maybelline but
not GG is the Maybelline total
temptation shadow highlight palette I'm
going to take that brown shade and
contour my nose slightly looks like a
good shade works well so far let's try
that lilac highlights in the center
there lately I've been applying my
highlighter before I apply my powder to
contour and before I apply my blush
because I feel like sometimes
highlighters way too harsh and it needs
to be blended in with stuff on top
afterwards oh that's fun you see that
that is fun that is really fun I like it
and we're gonna use it we are let's use
some of that gold next to it on my
Cupid's bow well slightly to girls but
it's fine okay you know what now let's
try brows for brows I have total
temptation Maybelline brow pen oh it
looks way too dark for me actually but I
could try to make it work because then
then on the end it has like a good brush
that I think we'll be able to blend
stuff in very well even though my brows
are a lot lighter then they would be
naturally because I bleached them like
all the angles on the pen I don't have a
blush up but I do have these new
hourglass highlights are they how they
highlight yeah they are highlights one
of them will be pinky or rosy enough for
me to use as a blusher as well I'm not
sure what these are called oh look at
that Goldie Wow look at that bronzy one
look at that whoo these are called the
hourglass vanish flash so this one
that's a little bit damaged because of
Hannah is called rose gold flash and
this one is called pink flash I'm gonna
go with the rose gold along first just
underneath oh it's nice straight on top
of that put pink flash on
just to brighten it up again oh now my
highlight is insane
you know what I want to put this
directly under my brow with the little
point I'll blend it in with my blusher
brush which will have a little bit of
powder on there already so that will
help with the setting of it but that is
bloody gorgeous guys look Oh
hourglass always do things amazingly
don't you think right I think that's
enough for highlight that is beautiful
I've got the fancy Beauty Mademoiselle
Mademoiselle matte lipsticks to try but
you've got four colors so this is the
packaging for the Frenchie Beauty map as
well Madame or Mademoiselle this shade
is called single let's just try it oh
look wow oh my god really I need to
conceal around my lips and do some lip
liner because of my chapped Ness but I
do like that shade right let's try the
next color that we have this next color
is called saucy and it looks like a very
bright orange what let's try it guys
everything glides on beautifully I don't
think I can pull that color off I think
this color makes my complexion look a
little bit ill I'm not sure if I can
pull that off maybe with the help of a
lip liner or something but very nice for
the summer maybe with a different look
not sure okay next let's try clap back
which is very dark oh my god should we
go for a really dark color today okay so
this is like literally like a navy blue
oh it's like a navy blue but with like a
nice gray undertone I think so actually
goes very well with my scarf right now
okay I'm not going to apply it properly
because I have a feeling that this might
be the color I end up with I do like
this color back online just make sure
you don't get it on your teeth you know
what though every time I like cover up
with concealer I'm like thinking I
actually like this concealer color for
my lips too okay the last fancy Beauty
shade that I have is single again what
yeah I've got two singles to try oh
that's a shame yeah okay so they they
are
three colors I have because I've got two
singles some reason but that's fine
they probably thought yeah she's gonna
like that one the most she's gonna need
it and while we're on fenty let's try
what's it called the fancy Beauty
stunner lip paint in uncensored
everybody's been talking about this for
ages now actually sorry the packaging is
sick right isn't it good it just glides
on it's crazy beautiful
look at that okay guys I have these to
your lipglo bombs before I put these on
I'm gonna line my lips actually with
this Gigi Hadid and Maybelline lipliner
that's very nice the first shade I'm
gonna try is do you're addict lip glow
in coral look at that for color it's
really nice I like it let's try the next
color shade 10 which is holo pink hollow
pink well that's a bright pink while
this he's not going to leave that right
oh that is so shiny and pretty look now
when I try the lightest pink which is
called matte pink basically look at that
it's like a proper barbie color look at
that for Barbie oh this one's matte guys
totally different to the others yeah
that's nice - I just need lip liner with
that I do like that okay let me put on
one of the other pink straight on top
okay they've got Mac - raspberry which
is darker let me try that on top but
let's put on top of that a bomb which is
called ultra pink
that's nice see that shiny I'm really
into gloss I like okay guys I'm just
gonna finish the rest of my eyes really
really quickly and then I think we'll
know for certain what color I'm going
for on my lips today what I'm trying the
GD time Maybelline Viper mascara which
is why it's like white fluff on my
lashes now this is not like a new
invention it's been around for years but
they've just released this I'm going for
a lash lift tomorrow so this might work
extra amazing when my lashes are lifted
because it literally might get them
touching my eyebrows which would be
amazing when you do a fiber mascara it's
a lot more enjoyable to do than just a
regular one because the steps just feel
easier to do basically for someone like
me anyway who has dead straight lashes
that literally just point downwards and
never curl unless you get a lash lift I
actually really like that
Gigi I do you see I've done the rest of
my eyes and
to be four lips what I did was use the
GG and Maybelline lipliner and then I
use the fancy Beauty single shade and
then I put a tiny bit of revolution
concealer in the middle just to plump up
my lips a bit more but now I look on
camera I'm thinking like I need a bit
more for my lips so I'm thinking let's
go crazy and take fancy Beauty clap back
which was that really Navy shade and I'm
actually gonna use it to line my lips I
think this is a good idea
Wow my lips look huge like that what do
you think of that I don't know if that's
neat enough but well I love there I do
that's nice I like it I like it a lot
I'll really do thanks fancy okay guys
that is the makeup look we have ended up
with what do you think personally I love
it and I'm gonna keep it
let me just get some pictures and I'll
be right back to say bye okay guys I
just spent about 20 minutes taking some
selfies so I thought I'd come back and
said bye cuz that's the polite thing to
do I hope you enjoyed this video as much
as I enjoyed trying out loads of new
makeup let me know if you want to see
this as a I don't know monthly maybe few
weeks kind of thing it depends how much
new makeup I get as well yeah thanks for
watching til next time
