my one key okay filming ready there you
go hi guys okay
still Oh like I was ill then I got
better and now I'm still ill again and I
and now I mean I'm back to Iligan anyway
so today's video is gonna be a shopping
haul which has been highly requested by
a lot of you but they're Louie's they
haven't done one recently is because I
haven't done any shopping so anyway now
I've done some shopping and basically
everything I bought is vintage and
charity shop so you know keep watching
because hopefully I'll give you some
ideas on how to save someone is okay so
the first thing I got is these earrings
that I am wearing right now and they're
those like the clip-on one so it doesn't
really matter if your is a piss or not
and these are vintage and they're from
the vintage fair that I went to over the
weekend that you saw in my vlog before
this video sorry they're falling off one
second stay on my ear you literally
these earrings and they were three
pounds I might just love them because
they're big and round and easy to wear
okie dokie next what I got from the
Vintage Fair is this scarf around my
neck which is the lovely little short
kind of square one and that was only I
believe I don't know two pounds or three
pounds and then like two four five
pounds from the vintage fair so how
exciting is that I bought her loads got
basically everything I bought was
jumpers and scarfs and earrings so I'm
just gonna there's like a scratching
going on on my door I guess the cat
trying to get in and it's really freaky
like a horror movie or something anyway
but anyway the next thing I got is this
lovely jumper that I'm wearing which I
think it was gonna be like Marmite
you're either gonna love it or you're
gonna absolutely hate it but anyway this
jumper was actually from the charity
shop that I volunteer in which is the
Samaritans charity shop in Willesden
Green and I go in there every Wednesday
and pimp out the windows for them do
come in one day and have a look they
always have good things but you just
have to be prepared to rummage through
the crap first so anyway I bought this
and it was like four pounds I think
lovely knitted jumper perfect for otter
so I bought this one which is also
vintage and it's just a lovely square
one
these are great for turbans and neck
scarf score this lovely one here then I
bought this lovely one here
which is
silky and it's got the lovely tribal
print this print on the edge you see
over here is like my most favorite print
in the absolute world but when it's more
square you know that tribal one
anyway that's print there it's lovely
scarf hello going lovely then I bought
this one over here actually this is a
lie this one over here is from the
charity shop which I've Ontarians that
was a power they believe very handy this
next scarf is also from a check from the
charity shop which I'm pretty sure we
all probably owned some time in our life
something similar to this you know back
in the days when we were first heavies
and you have like the pashmina scars
with the tassels and they're shiny but I
can see how this could have some
potential now in certain styles so I
went ahead and got that for a power and
I believe and they got this one which is
my favorite one and this is vintage this
one I think the colors are just gorgeous
for autumn and I love green
so woohoo hello mr. green hello but this
cough which is lovely it's also from the
vintage fair basically if you don't know
there's a vintage Fair in Cardiff and
it's gonna be in London on the 17th of
November I believe as well in Shoreditch
Town Hall so I'll probably be there as
well because we'll be dude up but I
think smoking up some IDs on the 17th of
November as well so then how we're gonna
plan that all out but anyway they're all
like old lady scalps up there like the
best so oh and then I got this other old
lady scarf but this one's from the
charity shop lovely job blue and the
last stuff I got finally is this one
over here which is also another lovely
charity shop won yay
every time I go to the china shop I
always find something whether it be a
book a bag a scarf a mirror anything I
just always find things so um pretty
soon I'm gonna need to decorate this
room thing so I'm just gonna use chopped
because I'm cheap I got this lovely
clutch bag I don't even know if it's a
clutch bag I think its immense like
laptop thing or immense like folder kind
of thing join me but because on this
side it just looks like
nice kind of sneaky skin but it's not
sneaky but you know I mean anyway I
think it'll just look really nice on an
all-black outfit or something so when I
got that okay and then I bought this
lovely clutch bag which is a vintage one
so that one was trying to chop this one
is vintage but if you guys follow me on
Instagram a couple of weeks ago I posted
up a picture of me on braying some
scoffs and one of them turned out like a
gray with a nice white hombre tip and it
looked really nice I wonder back to kind
of match that because I thought it'd
look nice even though I have clothes to
match the scarf but anyway I thought
it'd get a bag and this was eight pounds
and it's vintage and it's lovely it's a
bit dirty but whatever give it a good
clean lovely bit of bling from Edina and
these are all the clip-on one so doesn't
matter if he is on Pierce and then I got
these lovely ones for maybe an evening
out or something like that this baby
blue cable wire jumper which is funny
because I've been looking for a baby
blue cable white jumper for
approximately two years now and I
haven't found one everywhere I go
anywhere and then I found one in the
vintage fair for ten pounds and here it
is
lovely jubbly and I thought I'd wear
this with kind of like dark autumn
colours Moroney colours just too well I
mean I could wear it with pastels but
then that's a bit like summery so I'm
gonna go for autumn colours with it
probably like with Doc donkey plum
colors maybe I don't know we'll have to
see but I've been looking for an
off-white cableway a polo neck jumper
for ages I haven't found one of those
until I went to the vintage pair now I
found this one here we go the pearly
neck isn't as big as I wanted it but
it'll do I guess if you do find ones but
like you know the huge pillar necks
where your face just is hidden I want
the jumper like that in this color or
maybe even lighter than this unlike
oversized the long and lovely so anyway
when I got that I was 20 pounds from the
vintage fair and then the last thing I
got from mr. vintage bear is this jumper
which is you know the pastel blocks over
here and it reminds me of like Joey from
The Only Way Is Essex I don't know why
it just does okay and I'll probably wear
this with autumn colors too but we'll
just have to wait and see and it's just
oversized
with buttons and pretty plain and simple
basically
the only thing I'm looking for nowadays
are like jeans and oversized jumpers
because when it's winter
I hardly wear jackets when I do wear
jackets obviously I wear jackets but
other times I will just wear big jumpers
and jeans literally during the winter
that is all I wear big jumpers jeans and
like neck scoffs I'm boots
that's all I wear I love the winter so
much more than the sum and then anyway I
got me some accessories from like
Topshop because Topshop has a sale on
accessories so I got me some of those
anyway this this necklace wasn't on sale
but I was looking for like a really big
oversized necklace with like rhinestones
on it I'm in like autumn colors and I
couldn't find so I just when I got this
one which is a Topshop one which I quite
like to go with all those cable knit
jumpers I think they'd look quite nice
don't you which were three pounds fifty
great for stacking and I just loved the
and the lime green or the emerald green
whatever would be dark red kind of so
many things and I got these earrings
which are lovely as well yes then I got
these earrings which you've also already
seen because I wore them in the last
video these ones every have this set of
rings over ha which are great and
they're size small I know they're yeah
they're size small but they're still
like well they they still only just fit
on this finger they won't fit they'll
sit there still only just fit on these
two fingers I'm not slowing I miss
annoying cuz I really want them for this
finger but they won't fit there
anyway and that's everything I got guys
so basically I'm giving up on the high
street
except for Primark because you all know
how much I love Romani just before I go
this Sunday is the shimmer shine charity
week like fashion event and they're
gonna have stalls and bazaars and like
henna and like all this beauty stuff and
they're also going to have a fashion
show and a fashion competition and I'm
gonna be there judging the fashion
competition so please come along because
it's good fun I've never been to these
shimmer and shine events before I've
been to smokey not smudgy I'm gonna go
to shimmer and shine this she
and I'm gonna go to smokey not smudgy
just for a laugh because it's good fun
isn't it
so anyway I'll let Superman shine one
it's this Sunday the fourth of November
at one of the universities is three
universities working together st. Mary's
UCL and George King George or something
like that one of them anyway it's gonna
be one of the university I don't know
but I will leave the link in the
description as to where you can get
tickets and where you can find out where
the information it looks like that's
going out of my neck but it's not it's
the plot it looks like it's growing on
it anyway so make sure to come along and
take us to eight pounds I think
and it's from 12 to 5 so it's like an
all-day fun ting aller so do come along
I'll leave the information in the
description and hopefully I will see you
there inshallah so till next time guys
keep it covered peace yes peace
