hi guys I just arrived in Cardiff pistol
er so as you can see didn't cut his hair
there's Tuesday over there but easy and
now you do this and then lose the
fireworks later as well because it's a
done with terrorists and we like to
celebrate
hi guys we just over the thyroids house
and we do have dinner and Roger and my
sister these crazy Egyptians everywhere
now we haven't gonna have the pudding
and the pudding in the pitting and they
I mean they watermelon was the brain of
the sheep sheep my mother was just about
my wondering
blublack story now we're gonna obviously
I can't film in there but use film ends
look hi guys okay today we just we don't
went to watch James Bond destined
because it was on too late and we both
wait because it's too cold so anyway
today we go to the Vintage Fair Isle we
use and there's two two over there she's
also going to the vintage Vicky's here
she's walking walking walking walking
and back to me I hope you feel a bit in
there just to show you it's like and
maybe if I buy anything I'll do a whole
video but that's what they were going so
but the only thing seized do you harm me
and I'm going thing to say
the Vintage Fair as you can see is
absolutely hectic well if you see
spaghetti was that water named away
anyway I bought a few things everything
I was living for so hey Youssef just
pull something so I thought we must film
it
show them your shirt use know get our
cello actually don't look like you're
stealing but anyway used to display
himself a black print t-shirt and he's
really happy about it cuz it's his first
vintage item - so what you gettin today
he's got a really nice black shorts
Emani looks so nice Wow hi guys you just
finished a vintage fair I just spent all
old money I have in the world anyway you
said went and got himself for standard
victorious but escaped which he's really
enjoying and I got myself Oreo cake easy
I like vanilla but I just don't get
chocolate come on Pig
anyway now we're gonna hit the normal
high street shots just to find myself an
axe necklace and then that's the end of
that story and then we're gonna watch
bond maybe anyway that's well what's
Yousef eating like a pig
