hmm the Gullah in the dinga dinga dinga
hi guys i'm back with what month is it
sep tember favorites video because i
haven't done one of those for a whole
month so set down my favorites video
what I'm gonna do is show you what i've
been using a September actually one
second yeah that's what I'm going to do
the first September favorite is a piece
of clothing that you guys would have
seen a lot and it's this jacket Tara
army jacket and you guys to see me
wearing a lot of pictures not any videos
but pictures yes so maybe I put on as
well now and it looked like this very
nice and it's from blitz in London which
is a vintage shop in Brick Lane and it's
called blitz and as I believe 26 pounds
so they're girl to show you the full
quite long and masculine and great and
that's the end of that story I think it
was from the men's section but whatever
solves anything and also what else I was
going to tell you is that if you like
this collar necklace it's from the
Victoria and Albert Museum in London 20
quid which I thought was quite good and
I just want it over a share I'm touch
the color kind of in and up get slightly
more coverage out of it etc anyways I
keep this army jacket on yes until I get
hot anyway a next favorites have been
these earrings which you've also seen me
wearing a couple videos and they're just
lovely poopie chavi earrings from
Primark for two pound fifty you'll put
sorry ringers wrong way your perfect
kind of hoop chav galore nests from
prymaat for 2050 and you don't really
want to be spending much on these
earrings because you're probably not
going to add them at every day in fact
probably like once a week if that but
they have been a favourite this month so
there they are these earrings it would
be amazing glasses oh my god you know
they would anyway okay my next favorite
is food basically you guys all know I'm
living in London in a shared house so
that means i have to be a cheapskate
because I pay rent now so basically the
other day I wanted some nibble
but it's a bit weird when you live on
your own because you can't like you have
to start thinking for yourself and that
can be really hard to do sometimes when
when you're not used to like buying food
shopping all the time so anyway I just
went and bought these from because
there's only a Sainsbury's I'm that's
closest to me is like walking just as
there is like a Tesco or as they even
though they like my favorite Tess canals
and all my favorite thing anyway so when
it got these Toffees and mints from
Sainsbury's they're like 50-60 ph and
obviously I'm hoping to keep them the
packet I'm going to put them in a fancy
bowl so nobody knows that they're like
cheapskate CDs but they taste great so I
went and got these and I've been
munching on these like one of each every
day every morning or every afternoon
when I'm like looking through emails
just like having one in fact I have for
today so big anyway next favorite is a
lot of you guys ask me what's my beauty
regime etc like how do I take care of my
skin like what's the routine I do every
morning I don't have a read routine I
just like wash my face with water I used
to wash it with soap i do anymore
because that really dries out but i just
washed my face with water and I
moisturize but recently I gotta leave
tips guide I got these freebies from
like a sample woman somewhere in the
shop and what make is it it's that make
their that I'm not even go into a temp
announcing and their cream masks I you
just put them on and wait for them to
dry then rinse them off really nice
really easy not messy or bitsy or
disgusting so um and they were there
they're like anti-aging no I don't know
if the antiaging I don't know yes mda's
mass mask Vizag anti-age there you go
and they really work or they really
fooled you anyway because I'm fool that
I'm sold and I want to go and buy the
real the actual pot for this now
wherever you can find that if anyone can
let me know it's probably in boots but I
can't be bothered girl licking so um
yeah they really works like after put on
when I took off I was like wow I look so
much younger like 10 years younger so
basically a 13 year old
anyway they really work I'm gonna go by
that chill pot I had like four samples
and I used one every week just not on
the last week and this is my final one
back to food when I went to Sainsbury's
to get the nibbles I also when I got a
packet of four for a pound toffee krisp
chocolate and hopefully they're not her
arm I don't want to be getting comments
saying her arms dealers stop eating the
chocolate because them no they're not
they've got vegetable fat toffee krisp
it's like the best chocolate in the
world and I used to say that about boost
chocolates because the flavor you get is
immense but then I had toffee krisp and
the flavor as well as the texture is
just crazy and I can have four in one go
obviously that's on days where do if you
like controlling myself but most days I
try and control myself so I just have
like two or one but God Almighty these
taste good real good even if they're not
for a pound it's worth paying 50 or 60 p
for a chocolate bar of this sort kind
whatever next favorite has been these
handy tools which I got from a to move
shop opposite the house and it's this
dangerous looking spike which is not a
good idea to be show you guys while I
wearing my arm each I kept but doesn't
matter and this mini screwdriver these
are basically for you know when you want
to make holes in your clothes or shoes
you use this sharp one and then you
screw this through the little hole you
made to make a bigger one and then you
stick some spikes through and to do some
DIY ink on your jackets on your wherever
they've been so handy total life savers
and I've been doing that a lot so these
two I think I don't know maybe a pound
each or something from like any Asian
tool shop opposite house which will be
everywhere probably oh it should not be
like here like this okay next favorite
is um now I love perfume right but I
don't wear like the expensive perfumes
out every day because that's the waste
of an expensive perfume and it's too
strong etc I like to smell like I'm a
human being but
like a fresh one like not date you want
but anyway so i've been using this a de
toilet from next and it's called define
from next and it's just a nice light
spray to give you a freshie kind of
feeling amegy lingire we link okay this
isn't a September favorite this is just
something I got recently and I want to
show you guys even though it's cheating
but i'm going to show you anyways so
anyway look at these as you can tell i'm
really feeling the gold this yeah yeah
so look at these these are ankle
shackles so ankle bracelets basically
that you wear would like any pair of
shoes and it looks like it kind of goes
with the shoes oh it doesn't just look
it just looks really good but if you
wear it with a good pair with the right
kind of style heels it looks like it's
part of the heel i will wear them with a
shoe and show you them on Instagram by
combo that put the one now I just got
these like a week ago from regal rose
these guys regal rose or however you
pronounce it they're these guys and they
are like 24 12 pounds or for 14 pounds
something like that but how cool are
they like like she like I would just
wear like a oversized jumper some nice
trousers Jesus like cool leopard print
heels and then these they just look so
cool and then like a big chain or
something around my neck it's just so
cool in fact i'm doing like this filming
thing on friday with these TV people and
i might just wear these so look out for
the pictures with these on because i
just think they're so cool but they'd
also look really wicked with on in like
weddings I know you can make them look
edgy you can make them look girly you
can do whatever you like with them but
how cool are they anyway I'm yet to wear
them because thinking in London is like
I would love to wear heels every day
because they really make it outfit look
great but it's just so hard get off the
tube wearing heels and a lot of people
they just have their heels in their bag
and they go out in like comfortable
shoes or flip flops to get on the tubes
and then I see them changing at stations
putting their heel putting their heels
on so one day I tried that I stopped at
like um before I got on to like the next
change on tube
and I changed into him from my like
sandals into heels I just felt so stupid
i was like what if somebody sees me
they're just gonna be like oh my god i
saw a deed of tokyo's nasty-ass feet all
up in my face on the Bakerloo line like
I just felt really weird doing it so I
just tend to wear flats or trainers like
comfortable shoes when I go out in
London LS like there's an event and I'll
go through the pain and and like extra
care and extra caution of walking around
in heels but yeah anyway anchor shackle
moving on from that to something
slightly similar to that but for your
wrists are these cuffs and now you guys
have seen my other cuff slightly where
it's kind of more like the these cuffs
that I've been wearing I know for the
past couple months randomly at times
because these are really uncomfortable
and to wear so i finally found shorter
more comfortable ones from ASOS 248
pounds i believe so quite good and
that's the end of that story so yes they
are my sep tember favorites guys and
also i'll show you something else that's
been a favorite somebody sent me in the
post a bunch of scarves from their
facebook shop which is called a nice
hijabs but i'm showing you their stuff
in my next got mail video but then they
also sent me this um big humongous box
which is the size of my face literally
look I the face right there um box with
sweeties and they've just been there in
the pile ready to do the video but I've
just opened them and stuff my face with
them all the time so that's been another
favourite clump pig and that's the end
of that anyway thanks for watching guys
next video will maybe be like one skirt
six outfits kind of video I'm also going
to do a head tutorial for this um style
if there's enough request request for it
and I'm also going to do other things
but you will see them when i upload them
on youtube so anyway thanks for watching
until next time people covered
