sorry skills just so good don't tell me
the hair off
they can't be their skills with us hi
guys okay don't mind the mess over there
and got me I'm doing there that brown
thing is just potato sack because I'm
gonna make a couple pics like these it's
fun what I'm doing say is my got mail
video and I do apologize because I've
taken so long to do it it's ridiculous
and I know and I've got loads of things
to show you guys but I kind of just got
just really quickly and I look a bit
weird but um I'm just gonna get straight
into it because there's quite a few
things to show you guys I might have to
split this video into two or I'll just
save some things to show you you my next
got me I'll be doing except I'm just
going to show you guys as much as I can
I don't want to be due to get longer
than 10 minutes because then it's all
getting really boring
oh yeah the first thing I definitely
want to show you guys is bobble tassel
scoffs you guys remember when I had like
a bobble tassel craze I'm still pretty
crazy for them because they're like the
best cars in the world when you get the
correct one that's not the unweighting
Jersey ones like this a couple months
ago I found a company called simply
hijabs does that have Baba Tahsin scoffs
and they had the exact same ones that I
have with the same materials same fit
same absolutely everything Maxie wants
amazing ones so I shared a page on my
facebook of that page just tell you guys
you know there's us with us where they
are and they're great acceptor so go
have a look and they called simply
hijabs online they go strike I'm not
looking at you don't look at myself
anyway simply hijabs online so it's they
never wet site stuff WWWE online.com and
their facebook is calm forward slash
simply he devs online basically they
have the thermic bubbles half of course
now she said meet loads in different
colors beige purple mint
dark red turquoise teal purple 70
basically all the colors of the rainbow
that is the place to get the exact ones
I knew you will not want to return that
they fit perfectly so go ahead do that
she also set me to thank me just for
sharing a page which i think is way too
much but I am very grateful for it I'm
have already used it she sent me a
voucher for a sauce to do a bit of
shopping for myself which is really nice
so thank you Elia I think their name is
Elia I think her name is Elia from
sipping her jabs anyway check out her
bottle tassel scoffs you won't beat them
they go thank you so much by the way I
bought myself a pair of like trainer
sneakers and loads of accessories I know
I feel a bit like naughty accepting it
but I did so thank you very much
anyway oh my god oh yeah okay some of
these things were said to me like back
when it was a eat and I just I just
recently picked them up from my tio box
place so anyway next thing I got with
this really really nice Aidid Mubarak
card which is handmade by somebody who
has a business where she had makes cards
etc I'll just say the inside it's the
company called Lucy Lucy arts and
there's the business card and you can
find them on facebook.com forward slash
forward slash Lucy arts and they make
campuses and cards etc
you can pick her up to pick your wall or
something never know so there you go
that's a beautiful custom-made for me
trade lucy arts check it out thank you
very much
it has been on myself i just have it
made a video for ages sorry about that
well another of two bags from pretty
little closets and then and there on
facebook and EBA and EBA the eBay Shop
is stores shops ebay doctor at UK
forward slash pretty - little - closet
and their facebook is facebook.com/paes
1430 closet ebay so let me show you some
of the bags they certainly she sent me
this bag I believe it's a girl anyway
she sent me this for hack which is a
gorgeous floral one I was quite funny
because I was actually like climbing in
my head to go get myself a printed bag
and then I got this in the boat so I was
like where hey thank you very much
anyway bat bag and then she also sent me
this gorgeous gorgeous clutch bag which
I have to take out package
gorgeous clutch back is like a velvety
feel with paisley prints and stripes and
it'll fly monty is there which is quite
nice for you know evening wear I guess
it's got a chain handle ISM and then
finally she also sent me this clutch bag
which I take I will most likely be using
at a wedding that's an Asian wedding I
am going to see you shortly
so here it is it's heavily beaded I
don't see that pink and the Diamont is
all beaded basically then thank you very
much that's one pretty little closet and
check them out on eBay and Facebook
INSCOM I just have a little two-minute
break to get all taste the rainbow
oh you sent me three was these 2w
necklaces you see me wear this so many
times it's ridiculous in videos and
pictures and I also wore this one in my
what 2f8 video so these two which I love
thank very much
she also sent me this fighty necklace
which I also love just
well I wouldn't want actually and it
came with this spiky ring it also came
with a spiky bracelet which I can't find
because I want it so much and I just put
it in my big jewelry bowl I don't think
that's it for it but so they came in a
set of three which I totally love I've
been raising those completely and then
she also sent me this clock which is a
lovely texture textured kind of stretch
of scarf with tassels we all love a bit
of maroon red don't we yeah did away I
go like that and there's lights but like
that's nice
anyway so this lovely scarf though I got
those from lovestruck online check them
out they're called lobster called like
calm and they also have a Facebook page
but I would leave all the links of
everything I see you today in the
description
most definitely if it's not there right
now while you're watching this video it
will be there later so check back I'm
just a bit slow sometimes we like the
detail anyway this company is called
henna pixie and there's a Facebook page
this next thing I got is cool
and they're basically really heavy
decorated candles and she's given me for
because it stars my name I can stop my
native D I
and then a Dean and their heavily
decorated with Heather because they had
an artist I just called Hannah pixie on
Facebook and Instagram so check her out
I don't know what the link exactly is
but I'll find an unforseen description
but check out that gorgeous decoration
on look how red my fingers comes drop
for me anyway look at that gorgeous
decoration I must take an Aegis so I
really really love I'm probably gonna
put them on my shelf over there and then
light them up in the evening
there we go head of Pixie thank you so
much I love this oh these next things I
got a beautiful stuff is from
confessions of a fashion novel and
they're on facebook.com forward slash
confessions over fashion lover and you
can contact them by emailing zero five
nine three monthly at gmail.com anyway
this is the person who makes her jet
kills and sell them on her Facebook page
I just gave you and they are really
really cute video please let head hair
pin pin pins let me just get a couple
out of show you these to like you know
this sweetie
sweeties seeds they eat I'll just put
some in now shall we quite liven up my
outfit
sweetie things these two chocolate cake
okay anyone confessions of a fashion
lover
check them out for some funky pins to
write up your plane Navy scarf as I have
done by the way if you like this cuff is
one of the new key jersey ones from
Primark try it out with the tutorial I
did a couple videos but I also came up
with loads of other styles but I might
do a part to do it anyway
okay the last two things I'm going to
show you is this gorgeous ring mirror on
the end they were just perfect for
people like me my suit anyway it's a
ring a beaded ring from especially for
you Dena they're going beena yeah and
they're called icy bespoke jewellery and
you can contact them on icy bespoke our
hotel calm and you can also find them on
Facebook
hey Dena special icy special ICP
specially for you
and there you go I see bespoke jewellery
check them out on the facebookings I
leave linking but what gorgeous ring
that is I'll probably wear that to the
wedding I go there it it there you go
you can see me in the camera you see
that Bob let whoa hello hello hi dude
last thing I'm going to show you is from
a comfortable 16 R and a smooth air
scarf it's a statement that's that
little phrase thing and they're on
facebook.com forward slash shop 16 the
number line capsule are twitter.com
slash forward slash 16 are youtube.com
forward slash user 4/16 are I'll there I
knew too bad I've checked them out
didn't know that anyway they sent me
some gorgeous scoffs here's the first
one
to the gorgeous gorgeous fabric and a
gorgeous print and I just made a hole
because the fabric is so delicate but
doesn't matter because I could sew
I was gonna wear this scoffs a day but I
thought I'd leave it out so I could show
you the full fritz and it is a 100%
cashmere and it's dry clean only stove
it's the gorgeous got I would wear this
is a nice tucked in kind of bun they
goof it beautifully on the head or
around the neck it looks gorgeous around
the neck or the other they both got
thick Darin picture anyway it is the
next one which I'm pretty sure you guys
would love it's a striking one with some
Arabic calligraphy art going on there
you go go again a little also Kashmir
the fabric is beautiful I probably went
around the neck as well to be honest
with you it's absolutely stunning wash
on them so that's from 16 are they also
sent me this really cool and oh yeah
this was so cool which is a jazzy one
and I think please correct me if I'm
wrong girls
but there's a print down the middle of
it that looks like his headphones so I
think I think how you would wear it is
like this obviously without all the
volume so that the ear pieces go down to
ear and then it looks like you've got
headphones on I'll have to try it out
and take a picture sometime next so you
can show you guys I'm not sure but in
the head by the sec knowledge will give
you power , but character respect and
peace and fingers and all the present
signs etc I don't know if is but correct
me wrong it looks like headphones and
they
then you wear it like that it must be
otherwise why would you be in the middle
white if it isn't then I've given you
guys amazing idea by probably so anyway
that's all I'm showing you guys for
today because this video is getting
really really long I mean I got to show
you this last thing because I'm gonna be
using these a lot next week
okay the next pieces I have are from
simple statement accessories
facebook-dot-com forward-slash simple
statement and basically this person hand
makes jewelry is all handmade herself
and any sales she makes she's thumb to
give 50 cent profit Islamically for 50%
just goes to her posted to packaging and
those kind of costs that she's not
really making money but she's doing it
for hobby and let me tell you these
pieces are stunning and I will be
wearing one of these to a wedding I'm
also going to probably with a lutely
scarf also anyway here's one of the
pieces is the gorgeous gorgeous headband
and I'm like so into head rather just
forget myself
anyway here's the first one I'm totally
wearing this for our wedding I'm
learning for my friend's wedding with a
loopy scarf it's absolutely good but
when I do wear all this stuff whether
it's the month down the line or whenever
I will post it to them beautiful
handmade dinner how to make the button
quite skillful stuff okay oh and then
she also sent me this bracelet which
I've been wearing all week by the way by
just took it off for the sake of this
video it's also handmade and it's just
got gold on the upon the upside they're
absolutely beautiful
so anyways definitely check it out paid
out facebook.com slash simple statement
because there's headbands us nothing
else anyway I'm gonna show you the rest
of the pieces next in my next got mail
video don't hate me for it I promise I
will make another one and I will also
include anything else anything else I
might get at the post this week my next
video will be a giveaway chance for you
guys to win this bracelet and a bunch of
other accessories so look out for that
and thanks for watching guys like the
next time people covered please
