hi guys okay today's video basically
it's gonna be the it's gonna be the
makeup with no mirror video because you
guys have requested it so don't mind the
face don't mind the fact that uh no
glasses I really really need my glasses
but I'm in Cardiff I now and I left
basically everything in London because
Carrie not on the tube or the Train so
I'm wearing my sister's Galibier which
is an Egyptian kind of house thing and I
have no glasses and well so I quite like
this to be honest with you any of you
had an artist in London if I finally get
to meet you I would like this pattern on
my hands please and thank you okay um
let me show you they're gonna be anyway
because it's the good is a good little
tip that you could do with a lot of like
traditional house clothes to turn them
into like day wear summer or just stay
where outfits I guess if you just have a
look at the dress it's long it's just
come out the wash so don't worry about
it but I wanted to cut it quite short
I'm have it as a nice kind of top or
cuts it just three cool two lengths to
wear with skinny jeans or something like
that anyway let's get back to business
now usually when I film my videos i film
with my iPad and the camera settings or
the camera is the front camera so I can
see myself when I film which is why half
the time I don't look at you and I'm
talking so this time I'm gonna have to
turn the camera around so I can't see
myself I guess which is gonna be so
annoying okay I do have glasses but
these are these are actually the only
glasses I could I have so I'm gonna have
to just wear them if if you want me to
talk to for the rest of this
introduction so just
all right I just need something back
anyway and so yeah that's what I need to
do
don't mind the mess behind me in my
sister's room and she's in work so she
will never know that I wore this piece
of pajamas or pairs and her scarf which
I gave to us it was another and her
accessories doesn't matter because I
left everything in London I'm sure
she'll understand
mm-hmm weren't you - see ya she never
even watches my videos which I'm very
grateful for at this moon in Sam okay
otherwise she will kill me anyway so
what I'm gonna have to there now as told
of it camera rounds okay one second over
there to the right is everything all the
makeup I brought with me from Cardiff
Yusuf Lemcke but I brought with me from
London sorry this is so weird I need to
see myself when I film it's horrible
anyways all the makeup book with me from
Cardiff and it's just your basic you're
Davey blah blah blah anyway I'm just
gonna get straight into it but I feel so
weird right now so I'm just gonna do a
makeup in the mirror there's a mirror to
my right I will not look at it so I'm
just gonna go straight ahead just using
my benefit concealer thingie weird like
I'm not gonna want to put this up if I
look okay which I will because I can't
check to see I don't like doing this I'm
actually doing this makeup because I
actually need to go out so you know you
sir we're doing no you need to come here
and tell me if I'm doing alright because
this is the makeup I'm wearing when I go
out to college with you so you need to
come you know what we'll do that to make
you more interesting we'll get my
brother Yousef to give me instructions
instead kameez please just help me
please I'm not I'll take in the mirror I
beg you to help me I'm gonna take my
nose pissing up because
it feels me it feels like stuff a lot
all messes you can't blind user visit is
that site lundigan copy this right here
yeah you can't see any scripts or
anything yeah I put concealer on my
eyebrows because I feel my eyebrows in
how the hell am I using my brows it oh
my god are you sure you blended it's not
is that concealer my normal or not No
okay I'm gonna leave that now you know
what's the worst that could happen
I'll just look like a clown at the end
of the video where does the matter cuz I
fixed makeup Fragger out so whatever hey
now I'm gonna get my foundations check
out the camera angle still work oh my
god please don't come on the scarf do
some film it's on my browser you go guys
I don't advise doing this at home the
things you make me do do you know any
other youtubers that would actually do
this
so anyway today me and you said we're
going to college
blended it mean you still go to college
because this is like no inductor thing
cuz he's starting college in like a week
exciting juice is going up but teach on
and come but why they want to see you
use it I don't want to see them but they
want to you
how's the foundation I hate putting on
makeup with a scarf on I'm gonna hate
this video why do ya do chin taking the
makeup on guys
okay carry on cuz that's what I did if
anybody dare sit on Tina you look lovely
without makeup you look better that
makeup us just a lie and it's Haram -
right I really wanna look in the mirror
to the right I can't I can just see like
corner my oh my god yeah laughs wait
anybody wants to know what that means it
means what's nothing it means oMG in
Egyptian Arabic I was gonna say mama
what does it mean but or mums gone back
to Egypt and we all miss her there and
Hassan does that blended in I'm taking
like twice as long to do everything
because I can't see okay now I'm gonna
go on to foundation powder thing which
is the powder oh there's a mirror there
oops
give me instructions please Yousuf
because this is what my brother's gonna
look like when I get to college really
do you want just look like a fool if you
were blind though I cannot see the brown
patches good on my face he lost the
starting college in a week who's going
to say oh no he doesn't want no one to
know that okay now I'm gonna go for my
lipstick
I don't ring mascara with me let me
mascara eyeliner wears like eyeliner I
say but eyeliner with me guys it didn't
bring any mascara eyeliner with me
that's the look guys I'm now going to
flip the camera over and have a look at
maths health oh hey guys this is what
happened but I went and found my sisters
mascara and then went to film put in the
mascara on with no mirror and I swear
down I did because you can tell this
look of God
blob then just done crap basically but
use this my lovely smart smart brother
didn't press the record button properly
which means we didn't get it on camera
so I'm just talking like this is dead
okay so sorry about that guys I'm not
gonna take off into again but you kind
of guess what happened right so that's
that and hope you enjoyed watching next
video is gonna be got male video
hopefully and it's also gonna be a
styling session video with me and myself
about how to wear t-shirts from
red-handed and red-handed is a company
in cordis okay guys god I look so weird
in the door in the other camera angle
don't I why is that why don't look so
weak doesn't tell the truth
do I look weird in real life I don't
know but like the front camera is just
so much better than the back camera we
don't see so why is that anyway there's
my makeup with no mirror I think it
looks alright only thing that looks
stupid is my eyebrows because basically
they're not done whatsoever do my brows
just aren't done I didn't didn't do any
nose contouring or anything I'm gonna do
now
and the thing is what it wasn't very
entertaining because you have mascara
eyeliner do because I don't have them
with me and to see height says my sister
hi tears for me because at the end of
that story
hey you wanna see a video of use of
styling me why why don't you do is fun
why those it would be such a fun video
to do you just you've got to choose my
out all you got to do is choose my
outfit you surrender anyway that's that
video guys I hope you somewhat enjoyed
it even a little anyway make sure to
join us on Oxford Street this Thursday
at 6 of September 6 of September at 3
o'clock outside Oxford sec station me
and Alisha the female photographer
because we're gonna be taking some
street style photos of me and Deena from
Xena which taking pictures of our
outfits and whoever else wants to come
along you have to be 18 plus to get
pictures taken and just pictures off an
outfit really so of your outfit pictures
together just in off the street in
different places I guess and it should
be fun you'll get a nice picture so make
sure to come along this Thursday we'll
be there at 3 o'clock so if I do if my
sister does end up lik letting me cut
this top I will show you it and till
next time here we got it
no I'm not swearing both ways can mean
peace actually right
