hi guys okay today's video I'm doing a
DIY video as promised one second I
forgot sellotape okay I have a sellotape
anyway what I'm going to do it's nothing
really
very like genius you're not all gonna go
wow but I wanted those cap toe heels and
I could only find them reasonable price
on dual seat Dulce Dulce candies new
website but she is sold out so I'm just
going to paint them I bought myself a
pair of Primark heels mm-hmm which are
they're all all year round basically and
I'm just going to show you how to do the
one pair is very very simple what you'll
need is some sellotape this is masking
tape and you'll also need some fabric
paint you don't have to have fabric
paint but you could you sure to get
fabric paint or you can use acrylic
paint as well I'm sure so they go mmm
I'm going to do first is I'm going to
Stella tape mass chooses and I'm going
to show you how like sorry this video
isn't like a fancy DIY one cuz you know
you don't mean my not funny videos so
holding the shoot over here um okay I'll
just have to put on my knee there we go
my knee is my table
you see it there you go okay get some
sellotape okay I'm going to get some
stress sellotape okay
here's what I'm gonna do is gonna take
on the show like I serve like is this
the one like here like a here like is
this see like is this like that but
that's quite a lot of cap-toe going on
so I'm actually going to bring felt a
little bit forward like little bit
little bit forward yes like this one
nice oh oops Upsy Daisy hey guys so they
go books on tape I still my love Kaptur
go on for me or maybe it will look nice
like that
yes I think that's enough let's bring
some tape a little bit far away but a
wet shui attorney gah
here we go that's perfect
Dina perfect so there we go sellotape
this much and that is where I'm going to
paint my shoes it's very simple video
but I thought I'd film it don't worry
Mexico inshallah I will be got mail
video everybody who sent me stuff this
week E and if you would still like to
send me stuff you can be any address in
the description bar
okay so Celtic that much then what you
can do it going to go grab a paintbrush
this is actually a eyeshadow brush but I
do not use it so I'm gonna paint with it
okay
and I'm just going to paint like this I
wouldn't recommend to paint in the same
position as me but I'm usually quite
neat so it's alright and if you are
going to paint in your house and then
make sure you put some newspaper down or
up so momma doesn't slap you one
okie-dokie right there we go got the
paint this is all about balance guys I
just dipped it in and I'm just going to
paint away basically if you all can see
I'm just going to paint paint ATPG it
does really matter if you're going to go
over sellotape you can go on top of
sellotape becuase it's there
to prevent it going in the bit of the
shoe that you want to not be capped in
blah blah blah now as I can see I'm most
likely going to need a few paints
a few coats sorry of gold paint because
this fabric paint is cheap and crap
therefore I have to paint on this and
then wait for it to dry and come back to
if you had a hairdryer at this point the
Dina doesn't because Dina is in hijab
and she is an idiot
ok I'm 10
by the way guys you know you all know
I'm writing for a keener style now they
Singaporean magazine I'm just wondering
if any of you guys have read any of the
columns I've been doing if you have let
me know what you think of them and let
me know what you would like me try about
in future as well so I'm just going to
do one more little painting thing here
okay
so there we go there's the gold looks
just like the nude right now so what I'm
going to do is wait for it to dry
basically and then paint over it again
okie dokie so we'll just put that down
and do a bit waiting alright so while I
wait for that to dry what else has been
going on might as well share my outfit
have them geeky losses from Australia
have scarf on head from the leather doll
have earrings from rhymer um have scarf
from laser doll have them shirt also
from let it out when it read autumns
have
wow that really signing long best to
cover inappropriate from hmm I have
light jeans on from possibly Topshop
they're really old not sure then just
got usual accessories arm this is from a
chair with lovely gold
rels coloured bracelet and I was in the
viral girl free section slightly dry
there you go but on another very light
coat it still needs probably about
number five coats to be honest with you
and usually it would be easier for you
to spray-paint it I've seen people
spray-paint it on and that's obviously a
lot quicker and a lot more and a lot
easier but I couldn't find any
spray-paint and I can bothered really
trenching around London looking for it
so um that is basically the video the
DIY video um why we'll do is once I've
done the five coats I will film how they
both how both shoes look at the end but
this is all I need to talk to you guys
because because you kind of know what to
do for the rest of it what you can also
do then is paint see this little part
over here paint that gold also and
once you've done the front part anyway I
will show you guys how it looks once
it's all done so anyway thanks for
watching and till next time on rock farm
gimmick up OK on them keep a Cabot piece
paint on my finger now great well done
Dana nice turns out I can wait to do
both of them so I'm just going to show
you how it came out there it is
doesn't it look fantastic and alright so
neat a lovely console tape and of course
at the end of still gonna paint that so
anyway that's that you will see pictures
of me wearing these babies next sorry
this week when I do some photos with a
less the are okey-dokey
so there you go and once again thanks
for watching this art
