hi guys
okay so I have another been doing a
couple of days one second my friends
going out and basically it's because
I've been in Cardiff and you know I even
okay today I'm gonna show you guys sorry
I'm gonna do a charity shop haul because
last week me and my grandmother and my
mum went to look at some dive shops and
I found some nice things so I'd like to
show you guys because all in all I spent
about seven pound fifty and I got quite
good thing so I realized it in a solid
bag but don't worry I just put it in
there because I'm also gonna show you
two things I got from Zara really cheap
in sale that's what's happening and I'm
gonna show you okay the first thing I
got from I can't remember which charity
shop but it was one of them is this
chewing them and probably saw this in
the picture I put up yesterday on
Facebook and is this nice little clutch
bag which was like two pounds literally
one mighty night mm-hmm
I thought it's quite good because I've
got loads of touch bags but none of them
are just plain black to go with anything
so there's that one got that two pounds
the next thing I got is this lovely list
gone and it's pure silk and this was
probably tired of shop and it was 2
pounds also and it's a nice square scarf
so you guys can wear in a Turkish style
head wrap or or you can wear as a neck
scarf in fact I should wear that now
because the girls no matter where is
this yeah these are my glasses over here
they wouldn't fit on my head today
because my stuff's done slightly
differently well I would should you guys
help do the scarf anyway so I got this
lovely scarf which you can also play
around on your head as a term and style
which i think would look really lovely
by the way it's a bit slippy but you
couldn't give it a go
but for now I think I'll wear it as a
lovely neck scarf
actually I'm not gonna wear it because
too much going on okay next I got this
gorgeous gorgeous jacket and I usually i
mean i've bought Blazers from charge of
shops before and they're gray i bought
like nice oversized ones but i just find
myself wearing it once and then that's
it this next jacket for like two pounds
fifty I believe
oh here's the price $2.99 sorry $2.99
and it's obviously like got very subtle
shoulder pads just rounded off it
doesn't actually look that great on
camera because the Lighting's around but
it's so so so nice on and I've got a
couple of I've got not a couple sorry
I've just got like a photo session with
LSC at next week the Italian
photographer so I thought I'd try a
couple looks with this jacket just for
fun really so you guys will probably see
me wearing that next week okay then the
last two things I got now you may laugh
at me but they're nice I got two men's
ties here's the first one I thought was
quite nice because it's just got a
really good print on it really quite
nice and it's got like clovers and
paisley
where's the paisley I swear I saw
basically dead there's a Paisley and you
know Paisley was big during the summer
so I don't know I just thought was nice
I don't know how I'm gonna wear me I
might just wear it like a normal man
he's tight but probably not I just wrap
it around so no might have it around my
wrist no yeah but you've probably seen
pictures where these next week - if I
can get farther and the next time I got
was this sticker one yes may laugh but I
think the ties can be quite cute really
like imagine if we did it quite small
look if it could be quite nice with a
suitable outfit and these were a pound
each so I lied I spent nine pounds all
together on one two three four five
items which i think is quite good that's
like almost pound each that's a lie it's
almost two pounds each so that's my time
to shop for yeah I got this really nice
belt from Zara
you know Mia I love like my African kind
of wildlife things so I got this lovely
waist belt and that was 4 pounds from
Zara and I just really liked it I don't
usually wear belt but probably will web
with skirts or oversized jackets
acceptor and then I'll just go get the
other thing ago you know I got is this
hat wide-brim hat and I've been looking
for one of these for ages but I wanted
one that was pretty cheap because I know
I'm not gonna wear it and I just use it
for like photoshoots
etc etc so this is our of 4 pounds so I
just went and got it and I know no page
Abbie's do wear these out and I think it
looks great on some people I think it
looks great on some people people who
can pull it off other people I think it
depends on what you're wearing is well
at the same time but I I wouldn't wear
it out but I would experiment with it
for photoshoots etc to put different
styles together that's why with you so
anyway we've got this half full pounds I
just think it's totally worth it because
links great ok that's it that's what I
got anyway that's my charity shop haul
hope you guys enjoyed it my short big
joke for once my next video is gonna be
a DIY video and you know there's um cap
toe heels and I just bought a pair of
nude heels and I'm just gonna
do myself and I'll probably just film
that for you guys really simple to do
bar just film anyway so you guys can see
it that'll be my next video and then
I've got loads of videos for you guys
next week and that's that so hmm
I'm actually going now to the Islamic
Relief Aid party family party at City
Hall in Cardiff to volunteer there to
like serve food etc and just have fun so
hope to see you guys there
and until next time keep covered pics
okay
