I move forward because my guide please
come from Amsterdam guy oh yeah this is
recording I don't know the camera is
coming up darling Hudson oh you're
swapping your tops hi guys I'm Dana this
is Sam you suck is it summer because so
much stomach the first now stomach in
Arabic means fish it's just quite funny
because she's a Bengali from definite
she is staying over tonight so we
thought we'd do videos she's not makeup
artists even though this is gonna make a
video which is a youtuber so we're doing
YouTube ready or together and the teen
to think like well Sonya seahorse yeah
I'll see you all soon I'll get signals
on a parrot it's not just about my
medicine a dolphin
I thought was a parrot cos got multi
colors on it
alright so I just assume it's a parrot
that's blame me a fish I would know
what's a fish on a dolphin you have a
dolphin fish yet mammals in it there's
still fish here are they are mammals so
they're not fish it's a business of
mammal yeah let's get to it and then we
met alia princess rocks hi alia and we
went to Oxford Street because nothing
else to do and we what do we do shop
which opt to kill time to kill time I
bought like literally handful of jewelry
from forever 21 and she bought
everything and we're just going to show
you guys because we felt like doing a
video because what's a lost time oh
and please don't mind what wearing
because I'm waiting our PJs it's one day
8 in the morning with so cool mommy
never we just cool we like rebels do you
know exactly like she actually thinks
I'm a rebel I story she's told but
wouldn't you think that Deena's run
about is that why that's why me because
you're like wrong
hey guys are you are you sure we got oh
yeah will you confess because you put my
face in it okay we'll thinking tez
I'll go fish and into this fish
there we go yeah don't my girl wearing
kickers pajama stuff so don't take any
fashion inspiration don't go out like
this maybe can roll this top and not
scoffs Tyler guess just not that posture
that was terrible okay got this bracelet
got three palisade see amazing I know go
away tomorrow then got this one how much
was this one six pound 65 which is
amazing I know you random prices up for
anyone yeah because if they liked it con
you into thinking you only paying six
pounds but it's more likely
sorry it's more close to seven towering
yeah because of something st fine yeah I
start doing are lasers on in it I dunno
I do baby right I did business a levels
you know him fish you and I'm ting Mick
it was nothing buddy do it okay okay
okay I did do aliens
I'm not telephone London that's the
white man I meant business for a love
walls
she's teacher in it so I'm gonna got
these earrings which I wanted to in my
car hey got these earrings for like
earring outfits yeah these were three
power 15 you might be talking a bit low
today just cause my time in this other
girls in the house except a my louder
loud enough for you
I can only tell me what to do because
she's like against magic but shut up
this is Deena okay right
she's just so rude impolite I'm sorry
but I met the cutest girl today who want
me to uh sorry no don't know where look
who walked me to the tube station today
I caught member names dad I think I
think it's a that anyway I wasn't
horrible to because she was wicked so
I'm not horrible love and she can fire
fire all right
anyway I got this necklace which is all
twisted the kind of its season opener
okay oh yeah sorry got this necklace
which was on sale for six pounds which I
don't think should be on sale I think
that should just be the price anyway oh
for God's sake
you know actually I do personally yeah
anyway got this necklace how cool is
that right
hello I'm gonna wear that tomorrow -
hope you like it put it on the head
do it address up on Instagram because
you know I like to do that oh let's take
a picture like that put on Instagram cuz
that's like totally in right now yeah I
put up some weird pictures on Instagram
in it like Bedouin so yes I don't wanna
just take Mick on me so let's take like
the mix more cuz I like what the hell
you doing but they don't understand
it's all looking for inspiration on
anyway that's all I got because I'm not
spend holic like this bingo really so
show me what you got
Sam yeah I'm soft with makeup I've been
chasing these lipsticks for like ages
from methylate is the both Mac I just
follow some tune oh this color I'm gonna
pick you
it's called take nurse guy she's a
makeup artist it's Korean candy like a
soft poorly right color I'm no stool has
them in stock until I came to love them
to get it and then this one and pull me
and it's called try on a neck fashion
city one round I look select read dry
I'll wear them for you in our own videos
oh is it love this vicious get on to 9
minutes mate can you see I can I just
paint I don't like to block this won't
even be in the video very good point in
vetting like 8:30 that was from them my
home I do love you Sam yeah Sam yeah a
big to Allah he have a Bertie
that means my love I swear my love you
know what it means cuz you have Egyptian
thing anyway I've got some objects I can
I got some jewelry as well from so I'm
really like leg fight ill and she's
spreading over to me yeah I read because
I'm so Hospital I don't have to okay so
there is this bracelet it's like a bee
our Chubby's that guys I check Oh
punch her in the face with this as well
Java yet but you will know that DNA is
like ultimate chest
issue-based it and I got this necklace
system that's nice necklace
what is that it's like a by the way
comes in there anyway it's like a
perfume bottle year three nice feet
there's nothing that open I don't want
to cause you could have to put them
smell in there no you can't fit us if it
opened I'm saying look it's a natural
but I was looking for just looking it's
a prison singer penis is your nostril
that big it can be that sounds really
told you like I do drugs will cut out
I'll have to come up here anyway clothes
why I love what plays as well
oh you've actually bought this China oh
yeah and I'm glad this don't get the
Fugees in there oh I bought this einman
jumper disc just because she's got big
muscles than she thought let's wear
something loose let me plus she's yellow
I love Ironman lay down I love is when
always why would you love my look
I like superheroes no Vicki dude is I
only sound racist or anything but she is
really like into like come on me I'll
old or young Susie yeah seriously yeah
okay so pop on the shelf I've got this
crops are not last night Latin yeah I
put that one out deal with one tell em
tell em oh oh you can tell them I came
in the room right Deena yes kicks it up
spotted it first
I know cuz I'd love to like where's done
yet to come on the bun and some people
like to come with it but unlike I do
enjoy blog joke Chinese girl and then
they'll be like oh this is playing show
them
do you want to see please like there are
some people can't find a pedicure black
skinny jeans and now now you'll fight
them I don't know people perfectly I
need to find them in my face because
they didn't have anything my sons who
did in the shop GK no I don't care I got
coconut PJ bottoms on I don't care when
it from cannot the one row look how
small shoes mashallah
you know Dina's actually how much bigger
height wise I am yeah about that much
bigger made that much bigger highways so
that's everything we bought and you
bought / good thing yeah I think she
bought some from H&M but she'll probably
show you in one of the videos because
obviously she children do how they are
or she lives in London so she's staying
in her place and we went to Ali's house
as long and thanks for let me have tea
at yours and yeah nice nice one yeah by
the way I want to do a meeting green
London I don't wanna do it alone so I
think I'm doing it with her and alia I
haven't run this way then by the way so
this is the first I'll hear Amit and
alia and hopefully some other people who
if they're here in London at the same
time imagine if I wanna do run September
time so I don't know who else whoever's
in London to do a big fat meet-and-greet
because I don't do a look in case I get
shot so I was I'm gonna have like too
late yeah exactly so I might get like
Facebook how can you hate this face pop
you can instant that's why like thought
of instead
your face oh that makes me up comedy
Gervais it's this they do like the
stress style kind of just like somebody
says something funny in a big face I
face it's like in black and white sketch
yeah yeah yeah what's that one called on
like a must
it wasn't yeah that's what's called me
lovey why did we wouldn't mean me I
don't know maybe this today for an
English teacher I think it's a made-up
thing then it's not what someone's going
to comment saying new pair of actual
bimbos yeah you guys in the definition
and by the way the opportunity net can
pan out I'm trying to cover it
no I mean that to me yeah so in your
opinion guys on a scale of one to ten
who is war on Deena or some you you
decide oh hi guys so today video is
going to be basically about how what we
more today and how all of sudden we went
old overnight yeah what happened it's a
lot more teeth in the toilet oh oh you
know deal Welsh accent like a proper
water like a proper Cardiff like I'm
from Canada so my my class like so add
and I oh god that doesn't make it a
little bit don't wanna make you cringe
like in it
I like I go like such a nice accent like
I think I just sound so texting my talks
like this you know I mean uh uh don't
Amy the fit breath all right no
heads anymore no but there's a nice
there's a nice Welsh accent then there's
the horrible Cardiff accent what I just
put on was the horrible Cardiff accent
okay we're gonna get Papa hate from the
Cardiff
so every stone job really all expenses
well Bristol's the worst what how do
they talk think it can't do it I like
failures bum like I I live on the farm I
live on the corner Bristol Bristol and
and what I do
no no stand and what I do I wish Dimitri
oh yeah arm and what I did is like I
like to UM be pancakes in the morning
no no that's Irish language we are
getting we are in about something wanted
to what supplements here top of the
morning to you Oh what humming good
morning
yeah Lingle you know Dina is more Asian
than me actually
what a night will ever be I own patio
leshan once she doesn't see how shape of
the glass thing and I don't be used to
then she is listen to this
Drake hand coming up she used to buy
stick out because she didn't like like a
Bengali supposing she don't like looking
Bengali not before no she is one like
sorry but I didn't I looking open court
look yeah do you like look look at she
touched me she just pitched me that face
she yes pull me back in this chopped all
myself hair stuff oh we're gonna eat
support with one spoon one fall no we're
gonna take turns
you're gonna eat with one spoon and then
I'm gonna eat with one spoon one Bowl
do you really want to be sharing with me
right now when I'm busy I'm gonna wash
it I'm not that disgusting
why are you share toothbrushes I don't
share too because somebody's been using
my toothbrush in this house when I finds
out who's got the other videos
I shall allow my immune system or fight
back no one says no one's immune system
full now it's the flu and it gonna
gather listen I'll be the one to decide
that we should have done a bluff TV
thing instead what you did the live you
stream yeah should do that now we do it
I don't know how to do it I did it with
Amanda Beauty girls like they set it up
and I just joined and assign the smart
Sammy smells like no sign of City Arena
she loved Samia Simon
Oh fireman get well soon thank you no
thank you
I do know is that you know what we
really are semi complex from this video
be something somebody content going well
you used to do really great videos all
that but you're going on - like from
when you point this one well sorry if
I'm trying to be a bit diverse you know
and not Paul I equate this like like
what blah like when I just do talking
once and what do you guys want to see
Dean and do that beneficial Oh thing my
next video is gonna be beneficial
because it's going to be a sled to look
for less a really funny one well not
funny when Sigma is it a funny more shot
you'll find out and I'm going to do a
five ways to wear next goth and I'm
gonna do a July lookbook I think I don't
know about maybe August 1 and I was
gonna do the makeup with no mirror you
should do that one too lately
oh yeah and I have some others my
comment I'm gonna do a DIY how to DIY
lunch then
and the story of Balamory thanks for
watching guys sorry if we voyage death
and we just thought we'd do a collab
because probably won't do and again in
the very long time and until next time
I'm going to say the line oh I don't
have to yes you do keep it covered right
if you are on site of my haters I will I
will literally remove you from the road
this is helping them but I'm saying it
for you so you don't have to say it
you're not saying it just point it out
pointing out my flaws in public is
turning her on just so you know okay
we're like the two sons arguments that
we have going on in your for you yeah
sure Oh till next time guys keep it's
just want to do that alright guys thanks
for watching good boy till next time
keep it covered peace do whatever you
say oh yeah and of your videos do your
little thing what do you say there
anyway spittle it cute oh thank you
so where now I'm making fun of these
okay I'm gonna wrap it up okay
slam on top of cancer you to move you're
gonna do the fine and you
