I just feel like I'm really loud in my
room this is the new room and it's me
echoing its that's why I'm talking about
you know I'm just gonna try and be my
now
okay so July favorites today there's two
my favorite it was gonna be my Kathy how
much I've been wearing everywhere I kind
of rinsed the micro cause I kind of rips
the a soft watches and then you guys
like get themselves like I can eat
something different and I went to Camden
and they have these there's like 15
pounds so I handled with the man and got
it for eight pounds cuz he was Indian
and I knew in India they haggled like
they do in Egypt so I for one totally
hanging in with you mate and so I had
gold and it worked and that's the end of
that story anyway why do my tea mix a
yellow it because it's Ramadan
okay next to my favorite is um oh it's
right here on my nap okay it's inside
out so let me just onion side out it so
it doesn't look day it's this long
sleeved vest
sorry not long sleeved no sleeved long
vest okay here it is and you've probably
seen me wearing it in a lot of pictures
I wear it with almost every outfit
because it's one of those handy things
that covers and you need a white one I
need it in black but I can't find in
black but it's just so perfect
and it was only four pounds before
relate to them about a month ago but
they do still have them they're in loads
of other colors other than black but if
you do find black please Sam because I
think that anyway so I've been wearing
that a lot in fact it needs a good wash
smell that's that okay when next year my
favorite is um these drama bottoms now
since I moved to London
I haven't had like public pajamas I've
just been wearing like leggings and like
tracks have got all things in life by
your teachers etc so when I went to
Cardiff just this weekend sorry we came
before this one I bought myself a pair
of like proper pyjama trousers because
I'm getting sick of not having proper
PJs anyway whenever i buy PJs
I get men's ones so here's my Where's
Wally PJs
check out your brothers might have these
or your dad's all your husband's so
you know only five pounds in a Primark
sale I don't know how prime I can have a
sale but Primark sale five pounds I
don't obviously I'm just like a white
teacher with it so yeah I also wear his
PJ's because the women's was there so
little is stupid and they're not
comfortable and you're supposed to be
comfortable at sleepy time so I was that
making sense no I mean anyway I do also
oh the jeans I'm wearing have been in
July favorite I literally have been
wearing them like almost no that's
disgusting not every day but a lot of
days and there were only seven pounds
from H&M and you ain't seen them and
they're like a really washed out kind of
denim that it really trampled you but
I'm coming into that look right now okay
if you'd like to stop it's for prymaat
for six pounds totally handy idea anyway
these are the jeans I just see if I can
move my chair out of the way and show
you guys the bottom they're really
really really baggy
that's just my suitcase over there their
boyfriend H&M jeans and the only second
panel and got them in size 12 and lost a
bit away in Ramadan so they read baggy
and just really comfortable and because
they're so baggy you can wear them we
shorter tops etc so anyway I love those
okay now let's go on oh yeah since I
moved to London I think I showed you
guys but I'm not sure I don't know if
I'm changing this or not but I've been
using rage a lot to kill ants and
cockroaches but also to kill spiders
haven't yet to use it on a spider but
hopefully I just spray it in my room
before I leave because hopefully then it
just gives the warning to spiders not to
enter my room because I can't handle
spiders as some of you might know so
yeah raid Sainsbury's but stupid price
really a Sainsbury's in London is like
literally everything in there double the
price of Sainsbury's in Cardiff it's
disgusting
it's rinsing me out you know saying oh
this is my next favorite a lot of you
guys have been asking what foundation
I've been using I've been using lately
this this one I'm wearing now is the one
I wear everyday because it's really
liked i'm stuff and i think i've showed
you but sure you get this the body shop
one
and it's the number zero seven one and
it's the one I use every day when I want
something with more coverage and a bit
more glam looking I put my Ella mask
foundation on but this one I wear every
day that's from the body shop for like
fifty pounds or something like that
sorry if I showed you this this stuff
guys because they're still my favourite
so you know enjoy it anyway
this is my next favorite it's erase
paste for benefit I think I've showed
you guys possibly but when I showed you
wasn't mine it was my sister's and now
I've finally gone out and bought my own
one erase paste it's in number two
medium because um why am i smelling it
it smells like clay anyway it's like
concealer so I like all over I think I
just put it on around my eyes etc to get
the lighter section going like the key
okay when I can be bothered doing it but
this is the best concealer ever usually
concealer doesn't work on me because I
don't know how to use it but this one's
amazing it stays on all day but it's
like 20 pounds maybe 20 something pounds
it's really expensive but it lasts
literally about two three years my
sister's had her pot for about two years
so a lot of you guys have recently been
asking me what lipstick I've been
wearing and it's been like a Coralie
kind of and like pinky shade and it's
this one over here from Werder which I
got in a beauty set from word cosmetics
who are makeup brands in Indonesia so
you can't get it here but worry about it
anyway there's the original color and
then on the top there is my other
lipstick colors I've mixed it with
whatever lipsticks I wear I just mix
this on top like right now I've got Mac
Nicki Minaj on so look it just really
core Eliza's it really nicely behind
that
yeah I just add it onto any lipstick
that I already have to give it a mom you
know that look and last but not least
sorry not last not least second-to-last
is this hilarious
dolly girl perfume in like arter kind of
bottle shape I was to smell obviously
it's the copy from Indonesia and I just
thought was really funny it was only
something like three pounds maybe from
this shop that diem planner took me to I
just thought I had to get one just for
the novelty cuz it's funny and it does
smell nice
so I've been using that and I dunno why
I'm not looking at you guys because my
baby I was told today I'm the biggest
 in the world
and I just took it on the chin like you
know what you're right I am anyway but
okay and then last favorite is I'm sorry
to show will you listen the last thing
but it's about too long
ed young water since I moved to London I
just had a big bowl on my serving table
just because I get fast you easily and
obviously in Ramadan I can't have answer
like the whole time but I live in a
shared house and sometimes the comude
going downstairs in kitchen and looking
at people so it's great just to have
water there mm-hmm
anyway that's not lines Ramadan breakup
okay I hope you guys enjoyed that my
next video ooh my friend Sam yeah you
know Samuel that man gotta go I know she
is coming to stay with me for the night
today and we might do a collaboration
video tomorrow also gonna start doing a
weekly or fortnightly video on what I
get in my P o box if I get enough things
to share with you guys to show you if
you guys want to send me letters gifts
products for a review et cetera to send
it to my PO Box address which is in the
description so that I can include it in
my weekly or fortnightly possibly even
monthly maybe even yearly videos depends
if I get anything in there okay and I'm
still also gonna do a summer lookbook
for you I think as summer as it can get
because you know me
funny and I'm also gonna do oh I've got
a celebrity look for less planned to do
just need to find time to do that just
be patient because Ramadan is really
taking its toll on me I'm sure on
everybody else too but um I'm gonna go
now because I actually need to go be
here
so till next time keep covered please
