hi guys okay so i'm back from jakarta
and i might be a little bit tan no i'm
not really let's just make up but anyway
i'm back in jakarta i'm not in London
but I am in Cardiff I just like to come
here for the weekend then back to London
next week Schuller I just thought I'd do
a little update video or this will
probably go on to the end of my
Indonesia blog too just because why not
here so in case any of you didn't know I
went to Jakarta because i was invited by
a DM pelangi who the designer in
indonesia along with an attachment to
participate in the fashion show and the
meet and greet dinner as well as a talk
show as well over there it was great
experience I took my mom with me my
manager and yeah I tried to film as much
as I could for you guys but can really
get as much because I was busy the whole
time it's really weird like I wasn't
allowed out half the time because I
wasn't allowed to be seen before the
event because people pay to take
pictures and then they put the bitches
that blood there there there do it
anyway do you like my jacket is from
comment before they know who they are i
put on instagram i'll leave the link to
wear this jacket is from in the
description is from a boutique and
indonesia and i love it cuz very like
Chanel I'm just funny because I'm
wearing like one of those camden Chanel
vest underneath as well if you
look there we go that was a tenner
fantastic anyway just thought I closed
that because it's ramadan joking anyway
so yeah my engineering and experience
was amazing if you guys saw in the blog
anyway but um yeah it's been weird like
I haven't I've never seen that much
support for hey Jeb fashion in my life
anywhere I thought it would be bigger in
the Arab world but it seems to be huge
in Indonesia / Malaysia so thanks to
everybody who came to the event i guess
and thanks to everybody who was nice
enough to talk to me in to take pictures
with me there's so many people taking
pictures it's completely stirring it was
really weird but it was amazing I'll
smile and I was amazing cuz i got to
meet Hannah tasma as well finally I've
been trying to meet that girl for like
years well are you but anyway what else
someone I'm saying yeah just a bit of
catch-up really so I'll be back in
London next week I'm going to be moving
into another room so I might take a
while and then I'm gonna be I've got a
couple of reviews to catch up with I
need to show you guys this amazing track
suit from a company in Germany called
alpha 1 and because you guys always go
on about what to wear for sports well
I've got something to show you guys I'll
go to show you guys my dear blankie an
outfit that she kindly gave to me and I
gave her two of my two pieces for my
collection as well
whilst I going to show you guys still
got to show you guys a bunch of gift
this is this one's a gift I got from
Indonesia as well I also forgot to
really yeah so we went there for a
fashion show in a talk show it was a two
day event basically the first day was
what do we do the first day the first
day was uh what should i do the first
day I don't know I hid for most of the
day and then so the evening was the
dinner with uh I think there's 100
people at the dinner I don't think 100
tickets but there's a lot more than
hundred and then you have a dinner
together we had a bit of a talk on the
stage and I got loads of free gift
thanks guys and then we did the photo
session where I mean how an attachment
just see also fan people come up with
take those with us which was good and
then the second day was the fashion show
and the talk show then yeah the talk
show was a bit weird cuz like there are
some his questions and then mean Hannah
would answer them and then you'd expect
a reaction from the crowd but Huffington
understand and what we were saying so
then the hosts were the hosts were
translating so yeah that was weird but I
was so fun so crazy as week in Indonesia
as well this is like
it's like so many famous actresses and
famous hey jebby singers as like the two
last girls are modeled for me well
actually famous actresses and I didn't
know that till the end and I was being
like all right come here let me take you
up kind of thing and I didn't know their
life in taxes so like whoopsie and then
there's like loads of huge heavy sinkers
there you which you would have seen in
the vlog and it's amazing because like
and over there that's normal but if that
was over here every would be like what
the hell is she doing that samurai blah
blah sweet couldn't Indonesian like
Malaysia I guess they don't have
hang-ups about you Jeff don't have
hang-ups about the religion you don't
get her on police there you don't get
people doing this and that they don't
let it get to stop you from doing it
from doing anything is amazing I think I
should leave that for a whole other
video to talk about that or maybe just
do a writeup will not something it's
really weird because I have as well I
really supportive of their wives who are
into fashion and they like take all
their photos for them and it's just so
cool everyone's just so supportive of
her jevi fashion of hijabis doing
anything over there it's really really
weird but so nice to see like that it
wasn't going around there worrying oh
they're gonna say this they can say that
like I do here join me we weird but
leave that for another video because I'm
going on 25 minutes now and supposed to
go on to vlog number tip so anyway I got
loads of it just to catch up with you
guys got loads of things I need to be
alone with as well so much i love I'll
get onto all that ASAP lace it all and
shot a lot during Ramadan is gonna be
launching t-shirt and um possibly rework
vintage collection as well don't know if
I'm gonna put that to lace dog or just
keep as a homies and I guess and of
course any of the designs that you saw
in Indonesia they're all a bit out there
so though that work is going to be
hopefully produced in two planar more
wearable colors you guys
for when I finally launched some clothes
anyway I look a bit dry people had
anonymous i think i'm going to Nando's
but if tyra now this will be a big till
tomorrow when i'm going to understate i
use hey i'm back i am back a reno amazed
i'll just make this a whole vision by
itself right whoa Sheldon not fitting
what's all the screaming use a sins
going crazy because he wants new clothes
he doesn't want to keep having my own my
own telling my baking Sun I'm only
joking way we do ribbons way you just
talking about no you don't sing it on
camera guys excuse me Oh genomic your
glasses they're from Indonesia fake ray
bans hello is you has a job in your
teacher from Indonesia me and where we
let me tell him insulin me mama went to
a market called um tamron city in
Jakarta and we bought them a bunch of
like fix aren t shirts and stuff Charlie
Charlie station oh I don't know it might
be real and might not be as nice it's
all factory reject so it looks like old
TAS a t-shirt see it surely who yeah so
cool yeah oh this is gonna be a long
bigger now just do it myself I don't
know I'm gonna call this video just call
it mayhem okay get off the guitar of my
hair to looser fit it's twisted perform
child ready o me o Laila come here come
ever closer this is doing on YouTube you
do
that's why he didn't have time to pay
his friends my nose sorry dude I don't
know what to do yeah break it down
trailer tow on uShip to clean up Rebecca
another weird thing in Indonesia they're
like mad about karaoke everywhere we
went Dion was like come on Tina let's do
karaoke and I was like no I don't sing
in public only in the tower she was like
yeah me too but let's do it together I
was like no now everybody sings they're
like really normally it's really weird
bye sweet nice as our last they do there
that's bit mad and all the guys are into
like guitar playing as well like a baby
where to what comes a ping yes Lulu I'm
not buying and ends yeah I'll probably
see you guys in my next video which will
be a bit more organized hopefully like a
what day is it what what month are we
good hopefully like a July favorites or
something and by the way happy ramadan
ramadan kareem i'm done burak and enjoy
fasting guys it's really hard I know in
England we it's like an 18 hour fast we
don't break it to like half line right
anyway I was watching till next time
keep covered things p
