hi guys this is my beautiful grandmother
with her lovely blonde Bob I was gonna
be doing today we're going to be showing
you guys how I do how I tie my hair
underneath my scarf and how I get volume
because a lot of you guys ask and I
can't show you because I can't show you
my hair and you don't like it when I
show you on the doll
so I'm getting a real new end instead
how lucky you guys anyway so I'm gonna
show you how I do my hair underneath my
usual scoff style my day you want that
you've seen in probably the last 20
videos not this um turban style but I
might show you guys how to do this gov
as well today what you laughing at why
do I just before we start would you like
to introduce yourself to me yes I am
Deena's granny
my name is Judy the first thing you're
going to need to do guys is tilt your
models head to do you want to actually
just don't like fast where I just do
profiles cuz the nose is a bit of a
concourse they will leave out guys over
our bubble don't worry we've all got
Concord noses cuz obviously she posted
I'm gonna get your hair in a ponytail or
actually depends on the length of your
hair but I would just do it in a half
pony so just gonna quickly tie it up I
think special there you will now to tie
your hair don't you yes you do you've
got particularly thin hair then usually
I'm shaken up look at these this outer
body though so besides the hair could
just quickly show them or hide the nose
show them side of the head there's your
little whore pony a drastic then what I
do what I've been doing for the past
couple months
anyways been using and young Spanish
scrunchies for mild and subtle volume so
you can probably get them off her she's
going to tie that around your hair twice
you can do it once but I do it twice
especially if you have particularly thin
hair probably going on three times so if
you can just show them again Judy that's
what it looks like no the doublet and
then why do because you guys all know I
love the lioness volume I go and get a
crappy little thin scoff
crappy crappy I can't say graphic and I
just tie that loosely around the ANSF as
volumizing scrunchie okay now if you
don't have the answer spaz volumizes
question you can't get all the one you
kind of always make your own volumizer
using the shower loofah thingy that I've
showed you guys about year ago on this
YouTube channel so check it out oh yeah
I'm gonna go ahead and doing up see if
I'm doing it doing it done now you can
use a pin to tie it if you can show them
the side duty there's the side but we're
not going to use a pin because we want
to do a no pin with of London II thing
so I'm just going to tuck it all
oops ring stuck in the hair oh no can't
be using more hair oh there we go
so just take two all nice and neat then
what you can do oh actually I am gonna
pin it I am gonna pin it using this big
scale look up in just because I wanted
to get messy during the tutorial user
pattern do you mind just being a bit
quiet because we're going to hear you
yeah sorry don't mind those imbeciles
anyway my lip this might smell a bit but
don't worry about it then you get a
little bandana that you can get from any
hedge herb store any anyway you can just
make one I made this out of a pillow
neck from Primark I just cut the neck
off and water I'm ed so then you're
going to put that on your head
watch out you just might be bit tight
and then you're going to lift tuck the
fringe away and put bandana a lot of the
head and now see like oh get used to a
duty my sister just passed away if you
go all the hair cut away nicely
I know sometimes my six hour and that's
so her are doing about it anyway
then we're going to be getting your maxi
gel or scarf which you will get from
lazy doll which is my sort here's one of
those and this evil can evil skull one
so if you are completely evil evil you
unlike me always you're totally freaked
out by this something's totally Haram
then don't wear it okay
colors its navy blue and orange by the
way guys I love as well now I'm just
going to show you how I do my daily golf
tutorial even though I've showed you
guys literally about a hundred times
hi my name is Ida skillet Shh I'll just
show you guys how to do it and then I'll
show you guys how to do this turban look
as a okay one shot side your left side
this is Hillier place on head by the way
my grandmother has a phobia of hijabs so
this is hilarious what we're going to do
is bring back of it because it's a maxi
scoffs of the width it's crazy you go to
bring it over the head gun because you
don't because I said so
so they go get a pin I'm like the Wicked
Witch it works no you're not
don't be racist you should come back
with what it's not like I maybe thank
you then you get it looks like mom
Marina oh my god oh my god yes so we're
going to take a little pin over here on
dude
then what you can do is take the short
side we look for you over the head tuck
it in at the back to show the side dude
turn around slightly she's tucked it in
the back and turn back around
it's a frail old lady takes a time my
mom's astounded because she looks just
like my mum which is normal because they
are only scrubbing oh yeah to finish
combo great so you're gonna get the long
side aged gonna flick over like I've
said you guys a balloon time before
bring it round should up soon you're
gonna shake and that's the tutorial guys
see hold on okay just looks like you all
you got to do that is just put at the
top and the sides and that's the look
you can leave this side flowy show them
side please GD they say it's not too
much volume going on you're not doing
the camel hump business just having a
nice little volume obviously you
wouldn't be wearing tops like my
grandmother's you would be wearing more
closer ones because we are modest women
aren't i GD yes yes there we go
sometimes a look guys simple everyday
scarf look which is my everyday comfy
look
okay don't remove that now I'll show you
how to do that bad I'm gonna just show
you guys how to do this terrible look
which is um kind of like my my last ever
look which is the the usual just tied
one which I showed you guys back in
December I'm going to show you guys this
one you know this more fruity like the
African women who have fruit on the head
okay guys we're back and now we're going
to do the take on the usual turban twist
style that dude you used to wear back in
the days did you Judy yes well tell me a
little bit about that that was in the
seventies early eighties what does come
up there Olivia oh yeah yeah
in the seventies early eighties yes I
made a dress with a black turban and I
also bought some and Harvey Nicks as
well that one does not it yeah Oh
miracle okay so now we're going to do
this tutorial using the same scarf guys
what you're going to do is just fold
over the long side so it's just not as
white place the two edges see the two
edges where we fold it over place that
on the head like so and make sure the
two sides are even there you go if you
can just end the slide to show them that
there still is coverage still coverage
that you'll see that lovely anyway
you're gonna do guys spring the two
pieces around the neck like so and swap
every box her slightly back a bit just
to show the forehead because the
forehead is a beautiful thing isn't it
Judy yes you're the one who told me that
yes okay large forehead something large
foreheads all good things so forget the
forehead out there okay now you're going
to get these two bring them up around
the face like so under like so bring it
to the side slightly because that's
cooler and just do a normal bunny rabbit
knot like so now you give this adjust it
around your face etc etc uh push it back
slightly to get more the forehead out if
you're not Muslim get the fringe out
except Isetta it's a bit big today but
just remove that extra scarf on a normal
day
bothered right now okay so then what you
can do these two pieces is just twist
them and play around with them really
that's what I did except you have this
one bring it around this one then tuck
it in here underneath the the other
scarf bit then this one over here just
twist it around and twist it around Maul
and then tuck it in also tuck tuck tuck
tuck your techie techie and there's your
turban look guys get me earrings up
because that's ladylike they'll tub look
thumbs up dude
no do it in a nice pose writer grannies
carpels anyway guys so there's my lovely
granny with head overlook that literally
is taking 20 years off you dude
thank you some if you have a looks in
flight when you are doing it just remove
that that scarf that we used when you do
the turban because you don't need it
because it just needs to be a subtle
volume kind of going like that have it
mine
it just goes whoop at all whoa okay okay
so that's a look are you saying with me
Judy thanks for watching guys thanks for
watching guys okay there's a camera so
you two look bad I get that one too
sometimes it away yeah okay so till next
time till next time keep it covered
peace if you want to ah little happens
when your knowledge in the most of it
next time keep it covered peace yes I'll
do the peace oh god you're in your views
hey guys thanks for watching I'll see
you back in London to you so this turban
look that we just did and the one on my
head is using the rectangle scoffs the
maxi scoffs the one I did back in
December was using the square scoffs so
that's the difference just let you guys
know I prefer this one so enjoy it and
and keep coming at me peace even if you
don't want it it's not right
