hi guys okay so my daytime to evening
look I'm gonna get strange talking
because I don't have that much time and
if you like a right idiot anyway so
here's the outfit I've got my pink
magenta scarf usual accessories you'll
find the details of where they're from
in the description wearing my red
skinnies a polka dot top goofing around
they're from forever 21
my Zara bag there and just my Zara
sandals
also very nice casual easy chilled out
lick and on to the evening lick so it's
basically the same thing what I've done
is added a statement necklace gone for
the same bag just held it on my wrists
rub that on my shoulder then added some
heels rather than the sandals very
simple they're my three rules change the
bag even though I didn't change the
heels and sorry change the shoes and
wear a blah blah blah statement necklace
if you want to then you can also go
ahead and put a nice jacket on I was
gonna wear a white blazer but I can be
bothered so I put on my leather jacket
because it was a bit chilly that day and
that kind of grunged up the outfit a
little bit I feel like a right to Isaac
posing around in the park this is love
you guys anyway so there's the whole
look together show this video what a
world record I'm out of breath mm-hmm
there's a whole look evening look I was
gonna go for a red scarf I thought that
was too obvious so I just went for the
magenta with the red because why not
anyway guys that's that until next like
you covered peace
