hi guys okay so today's video is gonna
be that huge AB tutorial ghost the
tutorial or scarf tutorials that I said
to you guys I would do if you liked the
video and you did so I'm doing the
tutorial and it's basically similar to
my usual everyday one but this one just
allows room for statement necklaces for
those of you guys who don't like growing
scoffs in buns or for those of you guys
who don't like wearing necklaces on top
of your scarfs like I used to couple
months ago anyway you can't really tell
but I am actually not in my old room in
Cardiff because like a lot of you
already know get back in there um I
moved to London
so I'm in a much smaller compact room
I've been using that way too lot today
but anyway hit me up if you're in London
because blah blah
anyway I don't know why I look like a
ghost but let me see if I can swap the
lights in one second slightly better no
not really I guess it's just all the
newer in my face anyway I'm just gonna
get straight into this tutorial
hopefully hopefully you guys like it and
my next video will probably be another
shopping haul because I'm in London and
I can't control myself enjoy hey guys so
you've got your base and you can do is
gonna get a scarf you're gonna put it on
your head
one short side one really long side but
it's not that short on this side it's
just another mid length I guess it's
gonna pin under the face I never used to
put under the cheeriest and feel like
leave it flowing and then just have
earrings in but that was like a new like
use them anyway
here we get this short side and you're
just gonna bring it over your head like
so
it's not covering the neck but what
you're gonna do now is you're gonna
bring this long side and and and wrap it
around your neck a couple of times
however many it goes depending on how
sure you've made this side or how long
you've made it and then you just go to
tuck in and then just sort it out around
your head deep sexual there we go that's
why I did I bought it around and then
tuck it in here basically I need you to
make this side longer but you guys get
the gist and what you can do then is go
grab a pin and just put one on the top
just to keep it in place when it flies
around in the wind so because this is
quite sure that means at the beginning
when you had one short side one long
side you need you needed to make the
short side slightly longer then but
that's the look guys hope you guys like
it
it's nice because it's not too big and
like whoa and it gives space to where
statement necklaces as well for those of
you guys who don't like how I used to do
it where I used to wear the necklace on
top of the scarf now you don't need to
because it's quite compact I guess and
this is also good for you guys who don't
like wearing the scarf in a bun or a
turban and except except I'll show you
top off my outfit because I haven't
changed into the bottoms yet anyway this
shirt is from H&M it had a long sleeve
but obviously her it moth necklace H&M
just tied we dress from TK Maxx
which I just totally love because it
reminds me of like that Versace prints
yeah guys that's that I hope you guys
enjoyed the tutorial it's very simple
until next time keep it covered peace
