hi guys I know it looks like I dipped my
fingers in cow dung or egg and I'm
washed them but don't worry
it's like henna but kind of did them
smudge alil so I'll just hopefully
waiting for that to fade but anyway I
saw it on hacia on Instagram and after I
saw her I was just like oh that is so
cool so yesterday I went to Amenti and
there was a girl who had black henna and
she was doing on everyone so I said hey
do it on me and she did and this is what
happened basically and she's a feel of
henna artist in Cardiff cultural
exquisite henna artist and she's on
Facebook but I will leave all the links
in the description below who is quite
cool because I'm quite into the Gothic
goodness and hopefully later when I can
remove the black nail polish can put
like white or pink or something and just
try it out okay you ready today's video
is gonna be my birthday haul and just to
kind of put it out there before we start
I am not showing off I'm just showing
you guys what I got for my birthday from
some people and because you guys asked
for it so you asked for it so you're
gonna get what you asked for so I'm
gonna show you guys what I got
apparently there are still some gifts in
the post etc so when they do fight
lyrics I will show you guys those at the
end of other videos etc okay so the
first thing I got actually is this
t-shirt I'm wearing our fantastic of
that I'm gonna give it time believe me I
know right and it's just like black and
white a suteki kind of asymmetrical
my sticky kind of things going on for
example patterns but just totally me I
feel like a bit elbow eraser just give
me your phone not as lively as okay
anyway next thing I got Oh was these
rings check them out a pack of three two
brings a lovely jubbly I think also from
ASOS but um I had a pair from H&M and I
love those but they kind of got a wreck
so perfect for me I think you can get
them as silver I'm probably gonna get
myself more you can never have enough
anyway
next thing I gone through this back and
it's a river island lime green bag which
is perfect because my crazy lime green
one that you all know about is totally
and utterly rinsed and it's just wrecked
so when I got this unlike well thanks
thank you because totally used it you
know I mean so excited but not this not
see-through as my other one as well
which is really a great bonus this this
is actually my second favorite and then
I got another two bags as well because a
girl can am having a bag and it's funny
I got these bags actually from two
sisters who are sisters of each other
and they both got me about youth which
is quite funny
anyway this this one is from one sister
I posted these on instagram actually
check out snake comes Mexican have
they're both snakeskin as well and these
girls aren't even twins you know about
anyway so this is quite nice
outside back think up mister bank and
got another snakeskin one this these are
the ones I showed you is rather some
smaller and smarter than the other one
very good
I'm not I'm not gonna say which one I
like more because they're sisters and
they'll be angry with me for choosing
one over the other but anyway I got this
bracelet hello darling how you doing
steak anyway I got this lovely moustache
bracelet which is actually my favorite
as well I loved everything I got by the
way there wasn't one thing that I was
just like what the hell is that anyway
perfect for me because it goes with my
moustache necklace you see my special
beyond oh my god this jacket and I've
been wanting one of these kinds of
jackets for ages actually if I just
never let myself bite one because I just
didn't know if I would wear or not but
now somebody's got it for me so I'm just
like great and then I tried it on and it
looked really fantastic on and I've got
lives of alph ideas with it all the
clothes I'm showing you guys by the way
you'll probably see in a lot more videos
of me actually wearing them and etc
anyway got this jacket
check it out
absolutely kind of sparkly jacket and
this I believe is from booboo don't wait
to wear this absolutely cannot wait to
wear this I'm thinking of wearing this
with like a gold Chino style pants which
I've seen in H&M that I'll get to pay
with it with this jacket cuz I think
that's pretty hot so there you go and
Betsey Johnson necklace and I've showed
you guys one of my Betsey Johnson
necklaces before but unfortunately
you're broke but this one is perfect
Turner
check it out now isn't it just the best
that heart is supposed to be up there
it's a little polar bear angel with
wings and a halo
it won't stop wiggling but they go I
love the length of it because it's one
of those my short ones but not too short
so just enough to stick out scoff and
easy which it's definitely the cutest
and
because the person gave it to me it's
meant to be them
so yeah they look like a polar bear haha
everyone in Florida has floral plants
that's funny cause plants and flora
anyway everyone in floral paths for ages
so only got me these which by the way I
think I'm gonna wear was like a nude
pink leather jacket I know right totally
huh
save it for the summer not just yet
because the weather is a bit poo in
England and Wales so these and they're
like half investigators waste so if
they're good because you're fight sighs
that hangout except taking women quite
low with a nice t-shirt
they're quite baggy so you can possibly
wear a short ish top and I'm going to go
out with a nude nude pink I'm not new
pig but maybe yeah that kind of color
leather jacket well not really it
doesn't really go but it kind of goes
because if you think the new anyway
you'll see pictures when they wear them
and I think these are yeah there's a
warehouse this is my like ultimate
favorite because well I opened it I like
literally went oh is that what I think
it is because the week before my
birthday or about two weeks before I was
on ASOS having a look at clothes
obviously and on my wish list I put down
this next thing and this t-shirt so
basically this top and this next thing
were things I was looking on a sauce
anyway and it's just crazy that I got
them as a gift because a sauce is such a
huge but huge website and for them to
have chosen it for me
to be super droughts like our you know
me so well anyway like this blazer it
comes as a um it comes with matching
shorts as well but obviously so blazer
with pastel colors as well as lime brain
this is like just like I just love it
it's just so nice and it's in a Spidey's
ten if anybody wants to know it's quite
a nice loose fit but not not too loose
just to have it fit basically that's my
favorite item um my life and then I got
a couple of other tops etc but they're
more for like um they're more for like
um girls-only party kind of tops etc so
I can't really show you this because
that's just a pointless anyway
and then I got in the poke it's from
Noel massive and she owns doll face
accessories so I'm guessing she got me a
gift from her um face book store or is
her face from her store in energy
humming this card and it says to my dear
sister Dina keep smiling 23 times to get
married now I think haha love Noel
biscuit I'm guessing she sells them on
doll face accessories on the Facebook
page so I guess I'll leave a link in
description
send me this ring
crazy ring this is why during the video
video degree let you send me a bunch of
bracelets so ready bracelet these
bracelets bracelets little heel hanging
and then she also said you're really
really really nice scarf
really nice baby your eyes charlie
anyway this lovely scarf it's a lot
material is because it's quite soft
oh it's just a hundred percent of
Augusta Dawson anyway here it is and
it's got tassels and this one of the
lovely maxi hijab that we all certainly
love so there you go
check it out probably probably will be
on doll face accessories I haven't
looked at it myself but I will leave the
link for you guys and have a look ok and
then of course there's this girl on
Twitter called Zameen and she's like the
number one Dina Tokyo and she's always
tweeting me and chatting away to me and
she's really really cute and really
really lush and she sent me gifts but it
hasn't arrived yet but don't worry I
mean I will include it in a video one of
my next videos as well but thank you for
that and thank you Noel from Dollface
accessories and thanks to everybody else
who got me gifts that's basically what I
got everything else I got was um
Mahoney's mana is here's the card I got
from my grandmother
I like a holiday camper sink and it's by
the seaside and despite the seaside
because she lives and viewed and she
loves seaside
I must the only kind of cards they have
a dude in it Judy I know so and she said
I think I might start sending you a
daily snap of what I'm wearing in my
retirement you can advise me accordingly
Oh Como or something something some of
my ideas
happy birthday Deena fashion goddess
looking forward to seeing you soon I
hope
lots of love dude from Bude so thanks
Judy for that and then obviously she
gave you money because she's my
grandmother and that's what they do
by the way Judy I spent it all already
on clothes so haha anyway guys that's
just about everything and if anything
else does come in the post then I will
show you guys and I've also gonna do a
shopping haul video soon and I still
need to do the makeup challenge video
cuz you all keep going on about it etc
etc etc I might also be moving quite
soon to London in shall love so maybe we
could do like a meet-up or something I
don't know but that would be fun anyway
thanks everybody who wish me a happy
birthday a billion times on Twitter
Instagram and best bookings and what
else yeah I guess till next time guys
give the cup at peace
