just um getting the questions up give me
a sec just the one second a month iPhone
astonishing but it's not today
events love searching that you just hate
Blazers would make your arms look really
fat like they are fat by the night
I'm just gonna do the beauty and the
brains tag as requested by about five
people only but I thought it'd be fun to
do so here I am doing it just waiting
for the question to load as you already
know because I've told you about ten
times
my face looks really fat today so sorry
about that okay so I'm doing the beauty
in the brains tag like I just told you
so I'm just gonna get straight into it
question number one I don't really have
a favorite book I mean I I used to I
used to read a lot of books but lately
in the past I say like two years I
haven't read anything well I read one
book but I really enjoyed those books
and the true story books about like
children getting abused I like a lot of
those I would show you which book it is
but I can't I don't know where it's gone
I read this book recently about a woman
had written it obviously herself about
her experiences of child abuse from her
own father I like those kind of books
before that obviously I was into Harry
Potter cuz he wasn't and there were
there was another series of books I was
into I can't remember what's called
something I don't know but it was about
a child who was experiencing puberty and
it was really funny I call me what it's
called but maybe if I remember Instagram
it or tweet or something like that
favorite quotations I can't remember how
it goes but there's a quotation I really
like about not being able to please
everybody and I can't remember how it
goes so if anybody knows then you know
it's something like blah blah blah can't
please everyone
I don't know it sounds a lot more
intelligent than that sometimes I come
across like stupid funny ones
I like those I'm not gonna put those in
because I'll just look like an idiot
unless I already do and then I came up
with my own coat obviously and I came up
with it about two years ago when I
started talking and it goes a little son
like this
um it's really cringing but it's still
on my page I'm just gonna look for it
for you because it's kind of long cuz
you know I talk a lot
Deena okay it goes I picked you a
copycat they have no personal or
originality they're just an imitation of
someone genius out there okay moving on
English or maths English I was I mean I
used to enjoy math but I wasn't too good
at it I got am what do I get for GCC's I
got a B in G C C's but I was like
working hard for it and but English i
yeah i really enjoyed english and i took
that for a level so i'd say english
totes English and English language hmm
English language sorry not English erm
literature but anyway name five um
albums or musical artists that change
your life I wouldn't say changed my life
as such but let's just name some musical
artists that I like listening to um ed
Sheeran James Morrison Coldplay Rihanna
and Jessie J there you go off the top of
my head okay
favorite and least favorite subject at
school mmm oh my god whoa dear boy
favorite was definitely textiles but I
wasn't really fashion design it was more
just textiles where you learn to sew and
you do your whole like sketches and you
mood boards and all least-favorite
definitely i t know one second have
telephone hello I am at home yes oh wait
I'm filming what do you need okay what
letter
okay what was actually talking about
what does anybody have a clear oh yeah
favorite subject and least favorite so I
said favorite was blah blah blah
um least favorite was definitely I tea
and also Welsh we had to learn Welsh in
school because we're in Wales like and
they want to keep the language going in
a I said now I just found it totally
pointless which is really bad but I did
find it totally bogus
favorite celebrity with a brain Kim
Kardashian O'Dare king Ted's jokingly on
those
she gets a lot of slack you know but I
don't know why because yeah I know she's
just a pretty face and all that but she
isn't really she does have she's running
a business and blah blah blah I know
she's got loads of money so that's why
she can but you got to be good at
something to be able to be that
successful you know I mean will.i.am
will.i.am he's really smart and he's
pretty hilarious will.i.am let's see
where I am last only because I've been
watching The Voice recently and he's
been making me laugh so if you could
study anything anywhere where what would
it be it would be a fashion design
because I didn't study fashion design so
I would study that and I would go to
London to do it or I would go to some
kind of Arab country to do it what is
your need a little secret I don't know
what they mean by that but let's just
say I've always wanted glasses like I've
always wanted like glasses like reading
glasses I've always wanted my eyesight
to be bad so I could have glasses but
handling I've grown out of that phase
and hamdulillah I'm grateful for the
good I say that I do have and I just
wear these for sure okay next question
favourite beauty gurus who you admire
for more than their love for beauty
fashion I've got favorite beauty gurus
but they I don't admire them for more
than what they do which is being a
beauty guru if your channel couldn't
focus on beauty fashion what would it be
it would probably be some kind of comedy
if I had the guts to do that but I don't
something that gonna okay name some
things that you're obsessed with that
other people would find strange or geeky
well when I was younger I used to
collect stamps I used to really be a
stamp collector yeah I used to collect
Beano comics who remembers Beano comics
they're the best comics in the world
they used to collect those what else is
strange or geeky I don't like
socialising that much you wouldn't think
that I know but I'm not much of a social
person
social networking yes on the Internet
yes but real life I mean I do socialize
obviously but I would prefer to just go
over to someone's house and chill out
all night rather than going out okay
that's a lie I like meeting and
socializing with new people but I don't
like going out a lot I like just I like
being invited every people's houses and
chillin out at home
I like being in more than out that's not
even weird a lot of people I don't know
whatever okay next oh they said name
some things Oh
I'm not obsessed with anything really
geeky really such a weird tag name five
people excluding family and friends who
inspire you hmm
oh I don't want to sound weird or
anything but people don't inspire me a
lot like like not certain people like if
I'm walking in the street and I see
somebody dressed good that inspires me
not just dressed good but like looking
totally different being original that
kind of thing is finally looking at a
tree can inspire like just things like
that like I don't like have five people
that techniques by me other than like
famous people in terms of dress sense
I guess who is your intellectual
soulmate what are they all about why am
i doing this tag intellectual soulmate
um it would be somebody who is creative
like me basically because creatives see
things totally different to people who
aren't creative or on as creative we do
see things totally differently to other
people so I need somebody who's real
creative as well okay anyway thank God
that tags over don't really know I'm not
about in it but I hope you enjoyed it
and let me know what other tags you
would like to see because I do like
doing tags by anyway guys let me know
what else you'd like to see hopefully
I'll do a video quite soon on like some
outfits I haven't really done it yet
because
I mean you know I'm in Wales and it's I
mean one day it's summer and the next
day it's not summer so I can't really do
some outfits one yet maybe you have to
style a maxi I don't know I find these
out these videos not boring but
sometimes a bit pointless because I
could just post a couple pictures up and
you take inspiration from that if you
know what I mean um let me know what
other videos you'd like to see anyway
until next time guys keep it coming
peace oh just before I girl was gonna do
a quick out the other day of course so
scarf is from there's that calm
everything sold out right now so sorry
but will restock a lot next weekend
shuttler glasses Australia ring laser
doll hmm lazy doll hmm this was I have
no idea but I found this moustache this
moustache I put it on another Shane
anyway blaze there is from good question
from mango I think and then I'm teeth
I'm just wearing a shirt which is from
H&M and skinny jeans is from that shop
international where it's called Michael
Kors my high is Big B's I mean sorry my
tomato soup bracelets and then I've just
got these shoes which also prime up
don't know what bad yet but I might take
pictures if I have time I'll stick them
on my facebook page but anyway guys
thanks for watching let me know what you
wanna see next
until next time you become at peace
