hi guy I'm doing my what the hell what
month is it my may favorites video today
because it's the admit knee and I need
to do it may famous video and don't mind
my eyes or my lashes they look will you
why I don't know why I didn't die them
it's not really that much because I
don't buy loads of things every month
that means I don't have new things to
show you every month every Norman gonna
start off with face products don't mind
the boobie with silver or you've only
essentials complete care normal / oily
SPF 15 day fluid I've been using this to
moisturize my face because you know me
and my fear of wrinkles so I thought
I'll get SPF 15 to protect me from the
Sun it's alright it's not that bad
you're gonna use again it's only like
five pounds so that's not bad there is
and i got it from Asda another face
thing i've been using i didn't buy it my
sister just came back from Egypt and
brought it back with her she always buys
if I Empire is able to scrub I don't
know if I showed you before I've been
using in this month as well and its new
this one it's erm no it's not new it's
just a new packet I don't know it says
new let it probably and it's just em st.
Ives timeless skin apricot scrub renew
and firm and I was just using a lot
because when the Sun comes out I get
those of sun spots on my forehead I
don't know if you can see but you can
kind of see in the light I get loads of
little like sun spots in the form but
just on my forehead I don't know why
probably cuz I've got big forehead and
there's nowhere else
for them to go but so what I've been
doing is using this on them and it kind
of helps them out because they were a
lot worse yesterday look you can see in
the Sun sweetie bad by the way if any of
you know what to do to go through sun
spots then you know sure tell me please
just share it okay sharing is caring and
all that it's gonna be a nice short
video unlike all the others okay you
guys know this necklace so well I wear
all the time when i got it from Egypt so
you can't get it but you can get
ridiculously similar similar one topshop
anywhere really so I have been wearing
this all the time or they were all the
time i got from egypt on a wrist a
little bit so that's why I'm wearing
something the different today i'm
wearing a shiny kind of one which is
also from Egypt actually I got a bunch
of necklaces when I had to do a fashion
show in London ages ago so i'm just
using them all now myself I know what
another thing i've been using cuz i'm
not i mean i like belts but i just
always feel that belts making a grief at
the waist ones like they just don't do
anything for me so I like wearing them
around the hips if if the outfit is a
hip kind of felt outfit cause a lot of
the part but what I've been doing is
them you know you know title belts
they've been around lately on catwalks
they've been around for like two years
actually all my Ramadan collection I use
a lot of tassel bells and basically i've
been using them again this month a lot
with my outfits i have me personally
pictures
cuz I think I look fine all the pictures
so what happen anyway I've just been
using these else just wrote belts white
maybe they're just basically curtain
ropes and I just you just get them from
any markets and they just a live like a
pound 20 you know I think they're the
best spells ever so go ahead do that I
got these from Cardiff market from the
other belt I've been wearing gazelle
which is this one it's like a black
studded one chains and then it goes into
tiny little tassel but this was from
Egypt but I do prefer the ones where you
just get the rope curtain ropes but like
a pound something remember my white my
off white blazer that I walk everywhere
I kept showing you guys and I was like
white blazer fanatic and it was from
Topshop well it's that but I dyed it
lavender because I was gonna be sick of
the off-white and I was rinsing it like
crazy and I've already got like a really
really fresh white whoa double chin oh
my god daughter so I thought I'll just
take this off white want I hardly ever
wear anymore and I dyed it lavender
because it's so nice for the summer
right now it's really creased right now
so it looks like poo i will show you
guys in out of the day pictures one day
when i do wear it that's basically my
other april favorite is the dye I've
been using a log died recently died lon
died which you can get from any light
fabric store dialogue dines like so well
known and it's so easy i just use the
machine one you just stick salt in the
drum of the washing machine with the dye
and the clothes on it sister you just
watch it basically it dies ends really
good and another final apron sorry May
favorite another my favorite is bleach
I've gone through about three not four
bottles of big bleach from Tesco asda
because I've been like um to try and do
the ombre on all my old clothes
blitz with my jeans to make it more cool
and stuff like that so does not let me
do the video on it because you literally
get the bleach and stick on clothes slat
simple just like mess around with it but
I did take inspiration from dual seat
dulce candy however you say a name that
big us plot a fashion girl on YouTube
because she does the ombre on her shirt
mm so I tried on my shirt like I showed
you guys on Facebook but yesterday so
Vega if you have any like really old
clothes and you just want to change up a
bit and get some bleach click outfit day
for you guys as well black bubbles golf
cropped jumper from Primark ma'am I
showed you guys this jumper I just
chopped off the bottom to give it a more
give it a more Raggedy edge because I
like that stripy long vest top also from
Primark and then I'm just wearing
vintage harems I got from viewed with
these sandals which are my sisters so
I'll get a picture taken and prompt you
to give you like you guys can a look at
five guys fire official video when I say
keep it covered just so you know I don't
just mean hair because I am talking to
knowledge Abby's as well I'm just
talking about covering
body you know what I mean keep it
covered in general long as the hair also
yeah okay guys till next time you go at
peace
