hi guys how's it going before I start
with this video I just want to say that
today is a really hard day for her JB's
everywhere so I just like to applaud any
hijab' not everywhere sorry in the UK
and Wales so I just like to applaud any
hijabi in Cardiff today today is a
Friday German Barik just like to applaud
you if you have managed to keep your job
on okay because the weather is boiling
and I'm wearing a bloody hoodie because
I haven't got any summer clothes right
now
and me my sister had just spent about
two hours trying on clothes and then
just getting really hot and bothered and
taking them off and then putting on
other ones and then getting really
annoyed and hot and bothered and then it
just makes you not want to go out
because it's just so hot and I'm just so
hot right now it's ridiculous but on the
plus side
we're burning calories okay so today's
video is remember I said I'm doing an
international swap with Delina from
Australia also known as Hainan love and
she is a blogger from Australia and um
we did an international school right you
know what I mean right
g'day mate yeah my package came through
today we had a budget of like 50 pounds
to spend on oh my god
the post in England is fantastic okay
actually I'm wearing two things she got
me already geeky glasses I should have
guessed you'd get me glasses because I'm
the geeky glasses fanatic and it's kind
of funny because I got her geeky glass
too but she just hasn't received her
package yet so sorry if i spilt the
surprise and she also got me this hoodie
let me just show you so remember this is
all Australian shopping ya know the
pockets don't mind those anyway it's
like a big batwing oversized hoodie
which I totally love I'm gonna wear it
open probably just close the bottom be
actually like so
like so yeah and then there's the hood
it's really nice and baggy very gorgeous
bronze kind of orange color yeah it's
got me lazy chocolate like Australian
chocolate right I don't know how to talk
Australian like you know to meet Tim
tums
they look like you know penguins pop-up
a penguin pick up up up up a penguin I
can't taste it yet because I'm on the
pound a day challenge thing but does
that count if I have some of the
chocolate she's got me does that count
because I know I'm on a pound a day but
isn't it just a pound a day of the food
that you buy so like if somebody gives
you it's so like if you go to someone's
house or if you invite somewhere and
they give you food does that count
if I eat it oh I don't know they don't
have them in England well I don't think
they do but they do have them needed but
I've never tried to need it but my
sister and she got me these chocolates
which I thought were quite funny because
they're basically Cadbury freddo bars
but like double the size in England
they're like really small but they're
not fat in Australia it's they're doing
away with they'd make it fixated but
anyway like this one's a normal photo
but it's just bigger but this one's like
the caramel freddo and it's got koala on
it because it's from Australia yeah
Australia
I feel so Australian today just putting
them on my forehead because they're
making the X hot and bothered and we
don't need extra fat thing in this
weather
Cadbury's right chocolate with a bunch
of Australian animals oh my god that's
hilarious
so I'll enjoy these after the pound is a
challenge unless I'm allowed to have one
because makeup bags which is really good
actually cuz I needed a few because in
my bag my makeup is just everywhere
everywhere in my bags so I do need thank
you I don't know where it's from its
from Ruby if I have any Australian mules
then you guys will know oh let me just
show you this bracelet she got me as
well oh no it's that got my hoodie
oh my god
it's fine punch really nice and plain
and just a gold bangle with a nice
little tassel which I thought was really
nice and a nice little red ball you see
there you are sorry keep looking at
myself instead of the camera cuz I'm
surveying in the makeup bag cane this
gorgeous watch which I totally love and
I was planning to get one very similar
recently
I was basically just a little watch on a
huge strap and you wear it you know
couple times around your wrist it's like
a bracelet watch
I'm just really good for the whole arm
candy craze going on right now I was
wearing it but I decided to wear my
Michael Kors cuz I needed some Beijing
some Beijing's goes on yeah well I just
got me this um orange sports girl nail
it nail polish I think we have their
nuclear that brand I don't know somebody
correct megabyte I don't know I haven't
put it on because and I cannot be
bothered it looks like a lovely color so
I'll probably be wearing that soon I
just got me this lip gloss which I'm
wearing right now in case any of you are
wondering how it looks there it is light
and oh is hilarious oh my god today is
what I opened it up I was like hold on a
second that's really freaky because it's
the lighten up one like you open it have
a look and it lights up you can't really
see because it's already light but
there's lights on it and there's a
little mirror on the Sun you know yeah
I've only just worn like lip sticks and
what I'm finding with the lipstick is
it's making my lips really chapped so
the lip gloss is nice and numb not
chappie
in last but not least with this top
which is from cotton art it's just very
baggy and it's long sleeve which is just
aloneness because underneath boiling at
least you know if the weather's hot in
Egypt you can go out and not feel
totally out place because at least half
the population is covered up where the
other half is quite naked but when you
got out here everybody's just naked and
you just like walking around like a
walking D wardrobe don't if you can see
that's not dead that's just some dust
are they go there's better light
nice because it's like mice for black
and white oh my god how can I forget
that I can't remember but it's nice and
black and white I was going away today
with these white skinnies but these
skinnies aren't exactly white they're
more off white so I didn't wear it
because of white and white no kind of
don't go like I'm wearing now so I'm
gonna have to change houses I must check
some things that's funny she just
messaged me right now don't forget to
check out her blog as well and her
YouTube channel I'm gonna leave the
links in the description of her blog and
her youtube channel so that you guys can
see when she receives why I got her so
you can see what I got her because I
really want you guys to see what I got
because she also got me the scarf which
is called I'm in Chains
new blue with chains usual chain print
that's around a lot nowadays quite like
this one cuz I was lime-green in it that
if she did that on purpose but I was
like really like this scarf is from her
Facebook store she just started her own
Facebook I sure don't miss the Facebook
store but she just started started her
own scarf store so go check it out I'll
also leave the links I'm just gonna try
and find a name on here so her blog is
Muslim Street fashion blog spot.com the
link in description the high jeff store
is a facebook store so if you just type
in to facebook m street fashion inc then
it should work but i will leave the
links I'll find them and leave the links
in the description so you can go check
it out and have a look at once course
she has until next time guys keep it
covered
please also remember there's two days
left until I'm done with the pound day
challenge finding a really hard by the
way have cheated one or two times with
bread I must wait don't worry about it
money still goes to charity right don't
forget you can still sponsor me I'll
leave the link for that as well so don't
forget there's two more days left to
sponsor to vote for SEMICON so we can
win a chance to go meet Derick or el
baller and all that my hands are huge oh
my god one second
sorry agent messaging going on anyway
guys don't forget to vote for some econ
I'll leave the link and sponsor me I'll
leave the link and check out haina de
Lina's links okay so next time can cover
it peace
