hi guys so you all know I wanted a
couple of quick vigil ideas to do until
I have enough time to do the shopping
one and the International swap one etc
they want so somebody suggested to do
the 10 things you don't know about me
tag which I thought would be quite fun
to do because I like to do tags
okey-dokey I yeah I'll just get straight
into it I'm not really what to do okay
the first thing you probably didn't know
about me is that I am well it used to be
really fat when I was younger
well then my weight used to like go up
and down because I had probably you know
fact etc yes I used to be really chubby
with chubby bunny and I'm trying to find
old pictures actually to post them up to
show you guys I was about 11 maybe 12
stone don't know I was quite chubby and
I was all up in my face a lot of cheeks
going on and I loss of fat arms going on
Talisa trailers of like fad diets etc
I'm not of them worked so in case any of
you guys are in that stage now they
don't work the only thing that works is
not worrying about it and letting it
just drop off as you grow older I guess
and also not eating loads of crap
because that's just asking for it it's
like bin G as well a lot and then I then
I used to go like crazy doing exercise
on an exercise bike every night until I
broke it you know
nothing you don't know about me is that
I mmm a lot you do know you know
obviously I'm filming three more people
walking act like they don't know what
you do is the laziest okay well the
second thing you probably don't know
about me is that I used to be a football
fanatic when I was younger when I was
like here year 7 e 8 when I live in
London I used to like playing football a
lot in primary school and then I wore a
high chair but then I just kind of and
they just kind of fizzled out because I
thought it looked stupid playing
football with this girl from a head hat
but now I wish I carried on because you
know that would be really cool anyway
third thing you don't know about me is
time wells like full face of makeup
every day and heels every day I couldn't
wear flats and that's funny because now
I can't wear heels at all
I like an only left flap which is why I
love creepers because it gives you the
height but not the heel if you don't
mean okay
poor thing you don't know about me is
that I wasn't always into fashion
I only happened when I only happen
properly properly properly when I was
like 20 21 that's when it really
happened then that's when I started in
Tokyo but before that one out kid I just
want to be an archaeologist I can only
got interested in fashion when I did it
for GCSEs and then for a levels when I
was doing textiles but I never thought I
never thought it could be a career
because I was a hijab' so then when I
was 21 and tried out a couple different
courses and did like any of them
I um you know my mind was a little bit
more developed then I thought well why
don't I just apply the fashion to
Magette so how many is that there's a
ladybird oh my god this ladybird on the
winter self
just put that overnight let's let we'll
kill it
okay this lady bit by there we'll just
leave it I'll that's funny
fifth thing you don't know about me then
is I'm terrified of creepy crawlies and
bugs even lady birds like this one on
the windowsill six thing you don't know
about me is that I'm some of you will
know some of you won't know I'm 22 I'm
turning 23 in Charlotte in about two
weeks on the 6th of June so you know
send me all you get starlings only
joking so that's number six hopefully I
think the 7th thing is that at this
moment in time I'm really hungry there's
not many things you don't know about me
but I can think of I don't know they
think you don't know you don't know
about me but a lot of you guys probably
assume is that I'm amazing at sewing I'm
really not amazing at sewing okay I'm
kind of self-taught I mean I know the
basics from school and a-levels etc but
I'm really quite I'm really like
self-taught
I'm not amazing sewing what so ever
yeah I'm just amazing at designing
big-headed
but love my thing what else oh and I
think you don't know about me is when I
was younger I was Craig David number one
fan what else
I used to be terrified of cats until we
got our cat sushi in Egypt and then I'm
just a total animal lover all animals in
general other than creepy crawlies and
bugs but all like fluffy animals love
love to bits
totally what else wanna know another
thing as well a lot of you assume is
that I'm a hijabi model that's not the
case I am NOT one of those I just like
to take nice pictures of my own design
sometimes and of outfits because I'm all
set stylist egg lady I don't think yeah
a lot of you guys asked me um to do a
diet or to do a video on my diet and how
to keep slim etc I'm the worst person to
do that because I am I wouldn't advise
you guys to copy what I eat because I'm
really unhealthy
disgusting and I get loads of pains in
my chest and my heart from all the junk
I eat I think any of you doctors out
there can correct me another thing you
don't know about me is once I made it a
fish by accident I was really really
really young and we had a goldfish as a
pet and me being young I kept picking
out the goldfish and pinning it was in a
circus I was kept picking out of the
goldfish bowl I mean uh pretending it
was in a circus and like swimming around
and then then it just died what number
what
neasha wasn't there
Lisa chapters my old school old school
best friend from porcelain hi nation oh
yeah that's what happened it wasn't
moving so we phoned the vet people and
they said put it in salt water so then
we ran to the shop really was initially
we think Anisha was there but I don't
know so anyway we ran to the shop and
bought salt and put it in the water turn
light and then it died is it and then it
was already dead anyway God forgive me
for that but was really young you don't
think you don't know about me is I used
to wear my scarf the most disgusting
whatever I used to get one of those
bandanas the real bandanas you know like
a gangster bandana like the gangsters
wear with I want to show them pictures I
can't find any pictures maybe I'll show
you a picture anyway the real gangsta
bandanas and I used to you know the
square ones with the paisley print and I
used to fold in half this triangle put
it over here pinned under here so it's a
big peak like that and I needs to get
another passion Mina like those horrible
really old-fashioned stripy ones with
oatmeal tassels and I used to put it on
top of the bandana and have the bandana
stick and gown and you should have the
bandana in all different colors and
collect them away to think I was so
gangster
I'll not I don't think you don't know
about me until I was about 20 no no I
was cool in six full okay until I put ok
until up about 18 17 to 18 I was really
really really shy and I couldn't even
like answer the phone even if my friend
was on the house phone I'd run away from
the phone so all of you girls who
haven't phoned me and I've been in the
toilet I haven't really any um phone
calls I had to make to do with like my
phone bill or anything any of those like
phone calls you got to make two
companies I couldn't do it by myself I
have to get some just do it
she used to run away from the phone just
couldn't answer the phone how weird is
that in fact one of my friends Farah
Golani she made a Facebook group about
me and my sister actually because we
never used aunts our Mobile's
called what is the point of the talkie
is having a phone and they never answer
and all our friends joined it because we
never aren't our friends but now I'm
better I text back and I am and now I
phone up and I do whatever cuz I'm
content that because I hardly saw a girl
while yeah I know but I don't shake them
then things are more things that you
don't know about me weather and well
stick that yeah but they're the most
they're the most interesting things
well very funny very funny so yeah
that's why it guys Sunderland and
Glendon
what no that's Haram
you are shut up until next time keep
coming it's going to be very
embarrassing digit oh yeah nothing to
know about me sometimes I draw beauties
for my voice and my mom thinks it's
really tardy but I really like it okay
