hi guys so basically this is my vlog I
use a blog so you know enjoy it yeah
totally which is all tough love like
well Egyptian style scarecrow love
literally off the silver just in a
restaurant having some feelings
say hello mummy wave there we go that's
the mother
there's the twin they're the two
troublemakers eel crumbs cupcakes do you
got red rather as well here what did you
get well okay so we just came out of
crumbs and now we're in
you go no in now we bought move and then
we bought NOLA cupcakes
no look up NOLA cupcakes which is a
gypsy ocean of Lola so we're going to
taste the difference every day against
okay you sir
there's mother eating the carrot one but
well you're going to be you so if we do
it just use vision Tina I'll how long
you gonna be what two hours and a half
not two not about well can hurry up so
we can get to shitty starts I like that
nice lad breakfast off today that's to
see more a sister has made both my god
oh I'm just underneath the breakfast
table of sushi having super now look you
got she's got milk all over now
sushi sushi the bear everyone knows her
name
except she's kept yeah how sad so good
morning I think she's pretty good you
could do the most levels in the world
so where we're going use we're going to
pottery land you need hats we're going
to a land where you get messed with
paint and make pots out of what is it
okay and paint walls and make bread so
hopefully we'll try and get a bit of
filming done over there but my hands
might be there might be a bit messy
dings without somebody running again
somebody run in and get latest issues
all cuz the toilets all gonna be very
clean army that's my t-shirt hang on the
men's section sister's teacher from the
men's section mom is just rambling on in
the bank not realizing we were doing
because only real men wear pink yes only
real men wear pink and it is true do
that today
oh my god way in the farmlands was it
called nude win noon and there's
a donkey to my right
who's your donkey oh the love artillery
what are you
there's the community okay Shh how the
donkey so skinny this place is crazy
we'll try and do more videos for you
both you know my dad hold on his account
these cars with health care bent on
telephones yeah this one it's really
held for a coma
that's donkey say hello well hello
hazy amount of buffaloes think the steak
sauce is way just in crazy farmland in a
hat no sir are you making how's it going
use miss Emily well then buddy well done
oh this is what my sister made looks
like poopy let's have a look at house
them how's it going house what great
how's it going us oh that's pretty good
what the hell is it what
I was gonna take some time so here's one
he made earlier that's what it's gonna
look like hi guys I just finished I'm
making my pot and let me just show you
you guys I'm a couple that I made so as
it if you can see but um hold on a
second he go darlings
there's the heart one that I made a
little to be one and then I just made
one to look like an amateur when just to
kind of fit in with everyone but there
we go there are me with my pot well
there are me use of an acid still at it
that's the pop we make class and there's
the farm lands up there you can see this
horse riding down there there's cows
down there there's just low cool things
so anyway seen a bit hi guys so and this
is using a school uniform we're just in
my mum's classroom and let me just show
you the wall piece I've been doing just
to kind of help around it's just how the
corner we'll just take a little trip if
you were follow me you know Jenna you go
darling take a little bit just been
doing some Goldilocks Goldilocks Little
Red Riding Hood hi guys oh we took away
from Emma and we just need you to look
over
soon let me go from there - or she is no
Penelope now she's been usable for my
gogo 20 years or something so you must
know that hey look at the spreads yeah
similar stories he and we just have like
press and just look at the cuff II give
you a quick tour and back to sue there
she is
so we just get out from Fisher me and do
some more blogging and I mean hell she
she's totally crazy just like we do is
okay bye-bye
and she would give you my ear and he
would give you my yo era penile Maya hey
I love what you say baby is headed by
Colonel Maya Musharraf Guinea Guinea
farmers all around which couldn't
sing it again
baby we're both Mercedes when was very
useless when sensing
