hello today is gonna be one of my random
videos because you know I'm filming on
my iPad um I've never done that before
on the camera looks like I'm looking
over there but I'm actually looking at
the camera or now I'm looking for coming
out so we it okay so basically today I'm
gonna do my favorite jewelry pieces
video because it has been requested and
I thought it would be really fun and
also a great way for me to organize my
jewelry that I'm using nowadays that's
it to just organize it basically I don't
know where the hell I'm looking mm-hmm
okay so this is my friends she is called
moving on her I have placed my jewelry
pieces that I use I use or have used the
most in life in general okay so there's
a variety of like I don't know necklaces
and bracelets over here okay I'll just
start with this this is a silver
bracelet that is my mummies and my
sister took it off her and then my
sister went Egypt I left it in the UK in
her room so now I own it and it's really
nice I'm really into silver jewelry
right now because I had a phase from
when I was like 16 to 21 where I would
never wear silver and it was always just
about gold jewelry but now I like to
wear both as you can see oh my god my
fingers all the usual embraces that you
see in most videos this is my lovestruck
online rope kind of bracelet that you
twist around twice and wear with charms
on it this is just a Cheney bracelet
which I got from Primark a long time ago
it's quite handy but the thing with this
is you can't wear it with everything
because it's a really light kind of gold
sight oh and then here like um I'm
really fussy with earrings when it comes
to earrings I don't like your usual like
really big Diamont a dangly ones I just
go for Hoops most of the time and I've
had these for about
for years they're actually my sisters if
you know this most things on my sisters
and I take them off her so these are
actually my sister I do love them I
think they were from House of Fraser one
of the branches in there but I really
don't know so that's those okay and then
we have oh then we have my lazy dog
charm bracelet and this is also my
sister's which is from next maybe is my
mum's I don't know but it's just a nice
loopy bracelet I'm really into the
chunky kind of jewellery at the moment
today I've gone for a simple girly kind
of jewelry well the Rings aren't very
girly but then I thought I'd add the
pearl bracelets because the Rings are so
girly
you know what I mean so yeah that's it
and then we've got my lazy doll heart
bracelet again lovely bubbly okay I'm
also really looking over there also
really fussy with necklaces I don't
usually wear necklaces and when I do
it's very rare but I do love necklaces I
just I don't know I just they're just
too much effort sometimes you know I
mean so we'll just start off with a few
of my favourite pieces
okay this one I didn't even know I had
or even existed and it's just a long
black chain beaded kind of one I have no
idea where it's from but I found it in
my sister's room because when she went
to Egypt I basically ransacked her room
and took everything so yep I love that
this is nice for when you're wearing
like a white Cher and you want to do a
lot of layering with a jacket and I tend
to wear long ones like this I haven't in
ages then and then we have this necklace
which you guys have seen before my
tribal necklace which was also from lazy
dog
I had a fuse I don't have any more but I
will probably get some more the next
time I take a trip to Egypt and choose
things okay and I will never never get
tired of tribal or fashion tribal
jewelry even if it's out of fashion I
absolutely love it 24/7 so you know look
at it it's just so beautiful okay one
second I'm just going to place these
back on so I don't have a mess at the
end because that will annoy me actually
I'm gonna wear this one right now
because our
love it if somebody said because
somebody did say oh this is a Illuminati
bracelet no it's not the Illuminati ones
are the ones that are made out of like
thread stuff this is just a nice red
bracelet with nice charms on it's okay
so I'll get over it
so I'll just do this light and then we
get on terror ring shall we then I have
my second favorite hoop earrings which
were from Egypt guys I'm sorry next time
I go I will get loads and sell them on
lazy dog I think these are the perfect
hoops
usually hoops are the ones that are
stuck right onto your earlobe I like the
ones that hang a lot better to wear with
a scarf basically I just they're a lot
less chavier than the other hoops that
you know you just stick right through
you know that's those earrings I
absolutely love these I wear them all
the time to every event like these
earrings I don't usually like things
like this but I actually got them to
wear for when I'm going to old lady's
events and I'm not wearing a head yet oh
my god these earrings I really love them
and I don't usually like things like
this believe me these are from Topshop
for 18 pounds which i think is a bit of
a ripoff look how big they are they're
actually too big so if any of you guys
want these then you know send me a
message I will give them to you I've
worn them once and they haven't they've
never gone in my earlobes they've just
gone in my bandana on my scarf so you
know no bacteria but you can always you
can always terrorize them if you want
you know what cuz I was thinking I
really want to do some kind of event
during the summer maybe after Ramazan
like late summer where it's like
obviously your fashion show
food women's only and then I thought we
could all come with all our clothes that
we don't like and all our jewelry that
we don't like and we just do loads of
style swaps that would be a really fun
event so I'm thinking of maybe when I
get some time starting to plan that so
let me know if that would be fun but it
won't be too like after I'm done so you
know don't bug me about it so we're just
getting really long okay and then oh
then I have my normal kind of bracelets
that I used to wear everyday just like
this but lately I've stopped just
because I'm into this kind of style more
the moment but these are always handy
for for us these are from H&M usually
get them in a pack of like 24 like 4
pounds something ridiculous you can also
get them in Primark have this bracelet
which is a Facebook one there's the
Facebook thing and there's the
notifications I picked this up in Egypt
in rehab it's an area that I live close
to and there was like some kind of fare
there and there was this really nice
girl and she does all this handmade
accessories I can't remember what she's
called to that and stuff but it's really
good keep stuff so there we go she's
like purga necklaces and all that stuff
and you just put it on and did the bear
bear that was from Egypt so yeah oh and
then we have my most favorite at the
moment as you all know the tomato soup
Camden bracelet was from Camden it was
12 pounds I think a bit overpriced but
apparently is handmade so you know oh
and then we have this necklace over here
so I told you I'm really fussy with
necklaces but I really like this one for
I don't know what for but for the drapey
kind of look as well like so it's very
beautiful so yeah I don't know where
this is from but it's my sister's so
thanks to Z okay and a lot of you are
gonna say oh do we do with your sister
because I've mentioned her about ten
times in this video but I can't because
she's in Egypt and I'm in Cardiff so
that's impossible until I go to Egypt
and we do the video but she won't ever
do a video in here because she hates you
to burn everything I do so this is my
all-time favorite necklace the cameras
over here as a gift
it's the Betsey Johnson necklace I think
and unfortunately the chain broke so I
couldn't wear and I just added another
chain but the chain this chain is too
short so doesn't show with my scarf so I
just like to keep it because it's real
cute put all that back this video is
gonna be approximately 15 minutes long I
hate long videos do you guys like
watching long videos I don't I'm just
like shut up so that's why I'd like to
have my videos a bit shorter but
sometimes you just can't help having a
really long video so yeah if you want
these earrings because I'll give these
away but whatever let's go straight into
ring shall we tonight my key ring it's a
little table ding-ding-ding Linden it's
probably
obviously yes oh that's cute that's
manifest well can L buy okay and here
are the Rings darlings okay we'll start
with the most recent this is one from
H&M one of those bendy ones like so that
was four pounds H&M remember it cuz I'm
not gonna write where everything was
wrong because that will take me forever
okay and then I've got these chlorines
which I got from a sauce now they
originally look like so like this okay
which is great they're for pound each
but then one of them broke because
they're really crap quality so with the
one that broke I just wear it like this
so it looked like that which i think is
really nice to be honest with you it's
lip ring which I don't wear anymore but
I used to a lot from H&M also really
cheap probably oh this is also hmm ring
yeah which actually came with these two
so yeah okay with these two yeah they go
hm
then we have H&M again oh my god looks
like the majority is H&M
oh no then we have a river island yes I
love this ring but I kind of it's so
2011 you know on my whole outfit today
is 2011 I was gonna do outfit the day
video but it's so 2011 / 2009 and that's
a little bit too soon to bring the
fashion back it's 2012 if you know what
I mean then we've got this multicolored
Reister ring which I got from na a
collection remember ages ago I did a
review for them yeah that's beautiful
beautiful oh and then I love little
things like this little plastic rings my
nails everything this is also from Egypt
if you like this kind of stuff as well
let me know because I will so get it in
lazy dough and then I've got this bow
ring which is so old-fashioned as well
but it is cute come on you can't deny
that that that isn't cute look at it I
mean just look at it it's so cute primer
and then we have this ring which is also
Primark I love this ring
it's very Christmassy Primark so the
majority is Primark H&M guys oh then we
have this ring which I got in a sale ill
in Topshop two pound three pounds
something like that I love that ring
collect
love rings these three over here you
kind of wear them like oh I'm gonna wear
these today actually oh good I forgot
about these I think I showed you
actually oh I did I totally showed you
in one of my outfits in one of my videos
but anyway it's a lazy doll set and I
will be getting these and lazy doll soon
and then I love this ring that I have
over here
a nice tiny little I'll just show you it
on very very small I've got quite small
fingers believe it or not and it's just
so cute and it's from Egypt and then I
have this big blinky ring I usually
don't go for big things like this but it
was really cheap so why not from River
Island know all these down guys
something lamby oh and then I've got
this ring I love this ring I don't know
where this is from found it in my
sister's room again I love that I've
just got a bunch of loads of like little
skinny ring thing that you just stack on
your fingers these are all hmm and then
we've got this ring my sister's got this
exactly but in red I quite like that yes
I do
oh and this is my all-time favorite ring
and it's you guys favorite ring as well
because you constantly ask me where it's
from the two finger ring from H&M nice
huge like if you've got enough fighting
you wearing this you better believe
you're gonna win you know saying and it
was only like six pound and I just love
it so much leopard print ring which was
seven pounds from some random accessory
shopping in Cardiff and now I hate it
because it's so tacky
like that leopard print it's so nasty on
a ring right now Spitalfields in London
and made ring apparently handmade 15
pounds those are the little ones the
stacking this blue one hmm
this one that you guys have seen a lot
recently hmm also wherever else
yeah oh and then I've got these little
cute ones from Primark so I also showed
you guys that make and they came in a
group i I don't usually like little
flowers and stuff but these were just so
cute
I'm perfect for that pastel look these
came together from Primark thank you and
then I've got this little chain one hmm
yeah hmm
so I'm just gonna pull this back okay
guys so that's basically the end of the
video I apologize if the whole video say
bye to boo boo goodbye yeah you like my
the print on my top it's going to be
limited edition hijabs
in lazy doll and then I just used this
pair fabric to make myself a top using
the same technique that I used in my DIY
video there you are using the same
technique that I used in my DIY video so
half the amount of material so the top
is shorter and I just tucked it into the
skirt that simple so yeah watch out for
these hijabs on later doll inshallah the
ends of that print anyway and yet till
next time keep covered peace
