hi guys welcome to my 5 ways to style
your Beier video today um not much to
say really oh yeah there is something to
say and that is that basically when I
was setting up to do the video I found
out that I've actually lost my emmaus so
the reason it's like late is because
I've had to actually go in make one and
I'm wearing it now the problem is though
it's made out of a jersey fabric and is
more of a long-sleeved maxi dress but
hopefully you guys can apply these ideas
to your I bear you looks if you know
what I mean so I'm just going to go
straight into it
the first look that I have on right now
is the most simple the most obvious way
that anybody can sell their BAE and it's
the look that I would recommend for an
evening spring look where it's not too
cold and you want to look smart but not
dressed up but you want to look smart
and nice so seeing as the pale colors
are in the spring what I thought we
could do for this look is wear a hijab
that is a pale color so I just worn it
with a parcel pink scarf I was going to
take the tassels off but what actually
looking at it the tassels look quite
nice because the colors are contrasting
nicely and then what you're going to do
is basically just weigh are there with
the scarf
accessorize how you would normally and
this whole app is based on your
accessories so your head Jeb choose a
nice color and then what we're going to
do is choose a nice catch bag so
remember this via evening look a nice
clutch bag that has the nice pastel
tones on it etc this clutch bag was
bought from eBay approximately a year
and a half ago and it's just called the
magazine clutch you probably find on
there and it was 40 pounds but it's most
likely you would have gone down by now
so I've paid it with this such bag and
then what I'm gonna do
it's just wear a nice pale kind of
greeny belt around the waist of your bay
and now if you're a Bay is really flowy
really loose this will give it more
shape around the waist so I'll just go
ahead and show you guys that and we're
also going to add heels to this look
very small heels but of course what you
can do if you're not a heel kind of
person I would also wear a wear pair of
gladiator sandals especially if you're
going to wear this outfit for a daytime
look rather than the evening look just
swap the shoes for gladiator sandals or
just nice main shoot with the nice pale
belt with the scarf that complements the
clutch bag and then I've just added
these nice cute little suede shoes from
Primark the belt is also from Primark
but um yeah so that's the look number
one the simplest easiest look now we're
just going to go into like number two
hello I'm back and this look is what I
call like the farmer look basically
because I'm wearing a checkered farmer
kind of and so all I've done here
is basically kept my obey on change the
shoes change the ship and we also have a
possible jacket if the weather is cold
so just grab yourself a long share you
can wear it clothes over the top of your
Bay I prefer it open them nice and long
and as you can see my shoes have changed
what I've paired them with are these big
I remember what they're called but
they're there's vintage looking kind of
Chris Brown boots just put them on
underneath the car obviously if is cold
and you're feeling the farmer look a
training acceptor you want to wear some
kind of boots so if you are cold what I
would do then is go ahead and add one of
these jackets over the top now this one
I got it from Zara a long time ago also
the share is hmm BK said if you would
like to know
so what I do is just let one of these
over-the-top now I also wear this outfit
a lot with just baggy jeans but
basically you can also add it with our
mayor cuz why not you know what we're
trying to do is allow you guys to wear
our Beier but your make you're not
making it look like a mayor every day
that's the idea so you still feel like
you're styling it up every day not
wearing the same thing every day
basically this is going to look more
like a skirt with a nice shirt and a
nice jacket over the top so I'll just
show you guys the outfit with the jacket
so you can't really see me fully but
this is the most I can get me in it
here's the look with the shirt on the
back etc the and here we have the boots
with the my Bayer
so that's look a number two guys sorry
mask off is a mess because I have no
pins basically obviously you're not all
going to have the exact same clothes as
I do so just use this to kind of figure
out what you guys have what you can do
but what the rule I would go by is if
you were to wear an outfit that does not
consist of wearing a pea whatsoever just
swap the bottoms for their Bayer use
your Bayer as a base and build your
outfit over the top of it so basically
your outfit will just always include a
black skirt or a black dress just look
at it like that and I would also
recommend you guys who go for wearing
our bays every day I would recommend you
guys to go for a Bayer that's a matte
fabric because those of our Bayers tend
to be really shiny fabrics and they
don't um you're gonna look like a bin
bag walking around everyday okay we're
going to go ahead and to look number
three I'm back with look number three so
this look I'm going to call the double
drape effect or look let's say now I'll
just tell you the edge I'm wearing is
from a men and beauty the lovely sisters
from a men and beauty go check them out
but if they still selling this one but
anyway they have loads of other cool
cars what I've done is actually I will
show you worn a tube skirt underneath
Maya Bayer now this Jersey tube skirt is
actually from I believe Primark or
Topshop or one of those I know is
actually from Zara it's from Zara and it
was like 5 pounds in the sale but you
can get them anyway ok
so wipe done is just one of those
underneath because you see our bays are
usually loose enough to give you space
to wear clothes underneath without
looking really fat so go ahead try it I
just want another Jersey tube skirt
underneath and then what I've done is
just hitched Maya Bay up into hem of my
vest top that I'm wearing underneath a
so there's the full ab a.length so what
I've done is just lifted the other area
like so it tuck it in how you like to
give it this the kind of drapey effect
that you like so there's a lot of things
that you can actually do how funny do I
look right now
so there's a lot of things that you can
actually do with this idea here is my
top underneath what I'm going to do is
just tuck my avait into the side of that
like that and then I'm going to do the
same on the other side there's the back
of it chosen to wear the same shoes as I
was wearing it look number 1 so there's
the effect not obviously you can play
around with it so you just have one side
tucked in so you've got that kind of
look going on and what's good about that
is you can change the color of the tube
skirt underneath to almost any other
color and play around with it okay oh
and then of course style of bag I've
chosen to go for an oversized bag for
this look because um oversized bags tend
to make the person carrying them look a
lot slimmer than they
yar so that's another tip for you guys
this one is from Rhys or rice however
you say it so there you go I've just
tucked it in from one side to give it
that look and just pin it from inside so
the pin doesn't show and then you still
have your Bayer as a full-length for
when you want to wear as a per length
and then you also have it short or in a
different look for those days where you
want to change it up a little okay now
we're going to do look number oh okay
here I am with look number four and so
this is the kind of look where I would
require you guys to use a little bit of
your imagination
by that I mean I'm going to show you
what I'm wearing but you can do so much
more with it
I just don't have that much time to show
you all the things you can do so this is
the kind of look where you're fooling
everybody into thinking you're just
wearing a really nice flowy skirt and
what you can do is add a kind of crop
jumper kind of noir I mean it's short
but it's not cross as enough to here but
it doesn't cover your behind so you know
and and then here's where the
imagination comes in if you have a crop
top and the array is loose enough then
go right ahead and wear a crop jumper
cropped jacket cropped waistcoat cropped
cropped t-shirt cropped a lot of crop
going on okay and you can also then
decide if you want to do crop evening a
crop day time by adding the healed
changing up the bags depending if the
jacket is structured what kind of fabric
etc etc just I just want you guys
anything in your wardrobe that you have
you can look at it and think I can wear
that with Maia Bayer in some way I just
need to figure out which way it should
be
okay so I've just worn this and quite
loose sweater from forever 21 it's quite
old very old actually and I've just worn
over the top so it looks like I'm
wearing a black skirt black sweater this
is my kind of very laid back casual
sunday a look where you just can't be
bothered and you're feeling really
bloated because the night before you had
pizza here's a jumper and here
the other what I've done is just paired
served my tandem pumps from primark I
know I'm just a Primark Queen on time it
is the full lip dyes this look literally
use whatever bags you want I would go
for a rucksack or I would go for an
oversized bag again if you want it for
the evening check on some heels slap on
the make up you know it's pretty um
there's a lot of things you can do with
all your outfits those outfits that you
think are really trampy etc you most
like you could wear them in the evening
so that's look number four guys the lazy
look yes we'll just go right ahead into
look number five now and I haven't
decided what that look is but we shall
see now okie dokie ladies last but not
least we have the smart slash office
slash interview look which is also one
of the most obvious as then you just add
a nice blazer over the top now what I've
seen a lot is just black places being
added but by wearing a black blazer you
I mean it it would look beautiful I
would totally do it but I'm just saying
if you want to go for a different look
one day do the monochrome the monochrome
is always smart and always quite serious
people will take you seriously when you
do the monochrome okay these glasses are
just novelty right now but a lot of
people do need glasses and they wear
them like this so you know there you go
ladies I just added my white blazer over
the top of my layer okay the black scarf
glasses put the are they on warm those
little heels again can also wear it open
nice on the front like so this is the
bag I would pair for you ladies who have
an interview to go to or who work in an
office except except when you need
something smart okay so the bag I have
is from Primark Wow everything I have is
in Primark this jacket is from Topshop
approximately a year ago now so
hopefully you might find it there or
you'll find a lot of similar words so
you know maybe just try a nice
sleeveless
silky kind of just peeking under
the blazer to give you more of an edgy
look maybe one of those shirts with the
good chain detail on that our inch
stores everywhere now you'll find the
maligned River Island sleeve the shirts
with gorgeous chain detail maybe just
peeking under the blazer and then you
can also take the Blazer off have the
share if you get too hot in work in the
office etc you know I mean they are the
five look I was going to do so many more
looks but I really don't have time and I
just kind of figured these five looks
are the most common that people need
possibly I don't know it's good about
this look as well is obviously you can
just change the blazer color every day
Blazers are really cheap to get nowadays
cuz they're everywhere tenner 10 to 20
pounds in most stores most high street
stores so go get yourself a bunch of
Blazers and wear the mobi of a is and
then just change the bag as a scarf done
dealio and then obviously if you want to
as well but a sleeveless shirt
underneath or a long sleeve shirt and
roll the cuffs up over your sleeves
because that's a really cool look as
well there's so much you can do with
these five kind of themes I've mentioned
so please recreate to your ideas add
things do loads of crazy stuff and just
share it on do the Tokyo though if you
come up with anything new or if you're
recreating one of these looks then
please feel free to share on DD Tokyo
facebook.com slash in Tokyo the link is
here somewhere
and until next time guys keep it covered
