hi guys today is just gonna be a really
short video for my February favorites
I know it's mid-march I do realize that
but I didn't do Feb your favorites and I
just felt like doing a random video
because there usually are the most fun
to dis and that's final
so I'll just go straight into it shall I
no my first favorite thing of February
is my alla Massacre lipstick there it is
there's the name and details and all
that and here it is it's in a coral
color now when I first got this I wasn't
a fan of it I mean I love the color but
it's really dry to put on so what I've
just been doing is putting on very clear
lip gloss first and then putting this on
top and then it gives it this
moisturized feel so that's that so there
you go that's my first favorite item my
second favorite item or February has
been anti-wrinkle gel patches now I
don't know if it's just a load of
baloney
all this anti-wrinkle stuff but in case
you haven't noticed I get really bad
wrinkles under my eyes and I really hate
it because I'm 22 years old and imagine
what the hell I'm gonna look like when
I'm 33 anti-wrinkle gel patches I got
these from do you know that those shops
that you get wears all like natural
stuff it's just the natural shop and you
get like all this weight loss stuff and
you get all this natural herbs and all
this the shops probably called natural
or something I don't know but you there
in most cities anyway so it's just a
patch that you take out and you put
under your I love that and then you
leave it on for like five minutes and
then you just think of I doubt it does
anything and it's like three pounds and
you only get four in there which i think
is pretty rubbish so I'm gonna search
for cheaper ones obviously if I carry on
using them but for February I have been
using them alone ok next
my favorite item was earlier false
lashes really cheap ones for a pound and
these were from what I don't know if you
get what in other cities but I think you
do
in in Cardiff in Newport there's a big
shop called watts and everything's for a
pound and it's got everything from
anything so it's got car stuff it's got
shower stuff it's got furniture it's got
everything so anyway in the beauty bit
it's got false lashes now I'm not one to
spend lose money on false lashes so
that's why I got these for a pound
because I don't wear them every day and
I do I don't I don't wear the full lash
I'll chop the ends off and just wear
them on the end if I'm going somewhere
nice etc today I was gonna wear them but
I just put on I just put on mascara said
because I couldn't be bothered and
what's good about these is they last
forever you can wear them like ten times
and they'll still keep going you know so
another favorite has been no prin I
don't know if anybody knows about Noah
crane but it's basically a food
supplement containing marry Lex bla bla
bla bla bla bla bla bla it's a food
supplement basically and it's made out
of natural ingredients I think that's
what it says anyway
and it's basically extra strength to
reduce hair loss and promote existing
hair growth I don't believe it works but
what is good for is for your skin and
for your nails and your hair so it does
it does give me stronger nails and I do
believe better skin and maybe maybe
better maybe thicker hair as well it
probably does help your hair grow faster
I guess I don't believe that if you bald
and you have this you hair will grow I
don't believe that so it's just like
having vitamins I guess because it's all
natural I think I mean it's good
especially for me because I like eat
crap all the time my daily diet is
horrific so I guess having vitamins will
help that will help my nails and my skin
and my hair and my last February
favorites is you know the milk chocolate
ones
I'll just get what I'm gonna show you
actually I don't buy these my dad comes
home and buys these and I just find
myself eating them all the time
I'm gonna get comments saying oh thanks
Tina you ruin my diet hey I ruin
everybody's diet including my own okay
Oh
Togo oh that wasn't my last favourite my
last febuary have been these shoes great
big like wedges I got these from new
look for 25 pounds perfect because I'm
not the kind of person who's gonna wear
these every day because I can't walk in
heels if I could I would but I wear
these with like loads of different
clothes if I'm going somewhere nice or
if I wanna wear heels or if I'm going
somewhere casual but it's in the evening
and with the girls and everybody's
dressing up I'll just stick these on I
still left the tag underneath that is
disgusting one of the most annoying
things ever is when you leave your tag
on the bottom of shoes and people can
see must remove those disgusting
so yeah it's probably cuz I've only wore
them once and then took them off because
I couldn't hack walking in heels so yeah
I love V I'll probably do an outfit of
the day with these sooner or later ya
know so yeah guys that's been my
February favourites thank you for
watching
until next time keep it covered peace
most of you are like oh get those
horrible glasses of your face old granny
they're so annoying your glasses are so
annoying
what do you mean my glasses are so
annoying if they don't annoy me then why
should they annoy you you can't say that
my glasses and are you I'd understand if
my glasses what on your face but they're
not on your face so how can they disturb
and are you and this is my thing I have
to wear my glasses hello
all for her sailing say it don't wave it
you can't Hume you remember
this is another Egyptian hi Samuel
filming Deena okay guys I just want to
show you some nice outfit because she
looks kind of cute today which is the
first I'm joking
so her scarf is gift well where's your
top from my rock man section yes Tokyo
if you are 5 foot or less gehrman's more
for the baggy effect what's that scar
dress and delete from Zara skinny jeans
/ um but the harem citizen I know bees
gonna wanna know cause I'm oh I love
these I wouldn't be able to wear them
though I can't get you in the camera
that's how big you are boy
she's such a Japanese car to say
something in Japanese suit again
