hi guys oh how are you guys doing I have
missed YouTube I feel like I haven't
uploaded as regularly as I normally do
and that's because I haven't and that's
because I've been busy
wow I have a life this is just a quick
video it's not really based on anything
I'm just doing a video because I feel
like I need to update you guys a little
bit and cuz why not you know it's gonna
be a bit of an outfit of the day and I'm
really ill by the way I might not sound
it but I feel really terrible so I
apologize if you catch something hey I'm
just gonna do a quick outfit of the day
because you know why not it's a bit of a
springy outfit obviously you may as well
know about it but I'm not wearing my
geeky glasses today
surprise surprise because I feel like
this scarf complements my skin tone so I
don't feel like I need to hide behind
the glasses today um I was funny
yesterday cuz when I went to London to
meet their YouTube girls and just the
girls in general um some yes so much the
face she was wearing this and I was
gonna wear it that day as well so thank
God we didn't otherwise would look like
walking Prats
um oh yeah there's the bag the same one
I always wear I want to get this back in
like a light blue so if any of you see
it then great
oh and then I'm just wearing this blazer
which is the one I got from style
compare back in the summer it's a really
nice blaze those boyfriend fit jeans
from zoar these shoes are the like those
graining snakeskin ones I got from
Primark but they're brown and I took the
tassels off as you can see there hope
you like it
in regards to lazy doll and the website
still working on the website and going
right now to meet with the web designer
and work on it is gradually be getting
there it's gonna be really funky so keep
that it will be worth the wait anyway
hopefully and I will be updating the
Facebook lazy doll store on Monday and
shuttle love for the last time hopefully
you know I always say things and like so
I'm gonna be updating it for the last
time before the website launches
insha'Allah that's the plan NE
there's gonna be lasers on necklaces
dude which doesn't be really exciting so
I just thought I'd say that don't know I
um well else yeah I was meant to do
celebrity look for less on Friday but I
didn't do it because I was in London the
week before I didn't have time and I
haven't even chosen which one I want to
do so once I do choose then I guess I'll
I'll make that video so it probably I'll
basically miss out a celebrity look for
less this week and just keep it for next
Friday unless unless I do get some free
time and do it this week I don't know
because this week hopefully the website
and everything and you know don't do it
laughs I have a look at the my surely
I've already showed you this oh you know
I'm not gonna get over this bracelet for
a long time the tomato soup once and
then I just got my rings and remember
this bracelet from lovestruck online I
did a review bad month month or two back
and then I just got my two brings from
hmm-hmm then I've got some lilac alum
Oscar and a mask her nail polish on some
yeah it was really quick to correct me I
have to pronounce it I never because I
because I think I said Adam asked who
cares I went on the website and they
said you could Prancer how you want
anyway don't buy this nail polish
because it's crap it chips really easy
and it doesn't dry quick and it just
it's just rubbish
don't go buy in it but actually I got
this nail polish free with the
foundation so hope you're gonna get the
foundation then just get the nail pop oh
there's the outfit from ages away you
guys so I'm probably gonna do the get
your freak on tag finding the questions
for the get you free contact I decided
to do this tag because last night I was
perving on some years YouTube channel
summit the first the YouTube channel not
pairing I was just stalking god I can
see the haram comments coming that I was
just talking to her videos and one of
her very first videos is the get your
freak on tag so really really old tag
but I just thought I'd do it because
there's a see really fun to watch so you
know there she is playing hi everyone
who votes that Samia summit so much the
first on YouTube should talk louder in
her videos I do one vote
go do it okay what is a nickname only
your family call you um actually that's
funny because my family don't don't have
a nickname for me my name is Dena it's
short enough but my friends call me D so
yep my family got one for me what is a
weird habit of yours I got loads of
weird habits but one in particular that
really freaks people out that just meet
me is when I've got loads of things to
do like I'll have to sit down or stand
or whatever I'm doing and say the list
of things I have to do out loud a
numerous amount of times until I'm
satisfied in my head that I have
memorized what I need to - and you can
get really freaky like for example I'll
be walking and I'll just be mumbling to
myself going and I'll be doing this with
my hands at the game and then everybody
just look at me be like are you talking
to yourself and I'm like shut up one
second you're like disturbing my train
of thought it's really weird
do you have any weird phobias and not
weird phobias but I am absolutely
terrified of spiders I know it's such a
sad phobia because everybody is but I
truly am once I came home from somewhere
and I found a spider in the corner of my
room and I sat there i sat on my bed and
watched it to make sure it didn't move
so I knew it was for three hours crying
my eyes out until my mum came home so
that she could remove the spider for me
I had to sit there and watch it I
couldn't move for three hours because if
I moved and it went how am I gonna know
where it went and then I won't be able
to seek my room because I don't know
where the spider is should I mean
everybody who's scared of spiders will
totally get me what's a song you
secretly love to blast and belt out when
you're alone Lowe's right now though its
labyrinth earthquake why such a good
song to jump to and then it's also ed
Sheeran drunk ed Sheeran is really cool
yep
what's one of your biggest pet peeves I
hate when people give you a compliment
but at the same time and they're really
insulting you and they know what they're
doing but they're trying to make it look
like they're being nice I hate that and
you guys who do it know
who you are and we also hate when I see
her Debbie and the back of her scarf
this pot over here it's too short so it
just like hangs and it doesn't touch her
her effort as hoot say in Egypt not that
it's a bad thing or anything I just
annoys me and I just feel like going and
pulling it down not fixing her scarf you
know I mean what's one of your now
nervous habits I don't know what they
mean by that when I'm nervous if that's
what they mean I tend to talk a lot I'm
shake and just freak out and just go
yeah I don't really have happy I just
freak out like most people what side of
the bed do you sleep on I sleep in the
middle of the bed what was your first
stuffed animal and its name I can't
remember but it was a dog as a really
nice dog they still have it somewhere I
don't know where it is I can't remember
its name I don't think I had a name it
was just called Ken mm-hmm what's the
drink you always order at Starbucks I
don't go to Starbucks anymore well
actually that's a lie I did go the other
day but back in the days when I used to
go a lot it used to be a fat Pacino with
my friends back when we were in high
school it's a Frappuccino but don't go
to start with guys aspire to place
what's the beauty rule you preach but
you never actually practice I don't
really preach beauty because I don't
know about beauty to be honest which way
do you face in the shower I face away
from the shower do you have any weird
body skills look I can flare my nostrils
it's not really flaring but I can just
move my nose like that
what's your favorite color food food
that's bad but you love to eat anyway oh
god I could go on forever I like
chocolate I like I love Mikado's I love
I'm laughing because if Samuel watches
this she's gonna be like I hate you
because you should be like in POC or
whatever the hell that is apparently the
original Mikado's who cares Mikado's
tastes better and I like Chris usually
when I'm like on a fat day I prefer to
like stuff my face on savory food rather
than on junk food I'll have both well
I'd prefer to have like pasty
like sandwiches and just pig out you
know I mean what's a phrase or
exclamation you always stay
I say loads of things I say oh my god I
say like I say whatever when I'm being a
bimbo
I say loads of things you I don't know
how I say those I think I said I know
last one time to sleep what are you
actually wearing I wear like jogging
bottoms and a hoodie or I usually wear
my Islamic Relief like a long-sleeved
t-shirt thing that they give out when
you're volunteer I so hope you enjoyed
that random get your freak on tag and
till next time Kim covered what's up
what's up I look so tanned ready for the
summer
I feel so ill I'm gonna go now and crap
loads of chocolate
