hi guys okay so today I'm just gonna do
a really quick perfect imperfections tag
because I've been tagged many times to
do it and I think now is the time seeing
as I have no other video to do until
next week anyway so it's basically three
things that you hate about yourself and
three things that you love about
yourself so I'll just go right into it I
guess first thing I not hate but things
that I slightly dislike so number one
and my face has two different sides I
don't have to explain it so I'm just
going to show you if you have a look at
my left side okay and just look at my
right side
all right side look at the right side
right side that's like they just look
totally different to each other I do not
have a symmetrical face and it's really
oh I just find it quite weird because
I'm like two-faced literally second
thing I just like um what else well I
mean I hate how I can basically get fat
in two days if I want to or not get fat
but if I want to I can put on weight in
two days if I pick out for two days I
will literally pile on the pounds for
those two days but then I can also lose
it in two days so it's okay but it's
annoying because I have to really watch
what I eat
third thing I hate or not I hate just
dislike um my chin it's very chinny so
let chin got really big chin so my chin
is quite prominent and out there that's
one a second thing I don't like and then
the third thing I dislike is oh yeah my
feet I got some alien feet man and I'm
not going to show you cuz that's just
nasty I want also got this weird thing
which I want to show you either I've
just been told that sometimes I go
cross-eyed when I talk up and I'm really
talking and really interested about
something I'll go cross-eyed and I've
been told to have a lazy eye but I won't
actually show you it because then you'll
notice it in all my videos watch out
okay are the three things I like I quite
like my hands I'm gonna be honest with
you I quite like my hands I've just been
told that they're nice they look really
big on camera but they're not that big
really look they're not really that big
look next to my head they're not really
that big they're but they're not small
either but I just I just like my hands
only to moisturize them all I like my
hands and what else do I like I like my
eyebrows yeah like this else oh yeah and
then I like this part of my face over
here I like this part of my face just
the top cheeks thanks I like the top
cheeks but then I don't like the bottom
cheeks so it doesn't really count
and I also hate my wrinkles I got proper
wrinkles man there's a lot of things I
hate more than three so I could go on
but those were the main three ones and
the main three things I liked are my
eyebrows my hands the top part of my
cheeks I guess it's about it guys so I
hope you like my foundation it's a new
one and anyway that's a really quick
video because I've been requested to do
it a lot so I hope you enjoy it and next
week I'm going to probably be doing a
new series of YouTube videos of
celebrity looks hey Jeb a fight so like
if you want to see that if you don't
want to see it you will anyway because I
think that's the really fun video to do
take couple celebrity looks that I like
and just transform them into heavy ones
from items off the high street as
obviously there's a lot of YouTube
videos going around celebrity looks for
less so obviously these ones will be for
less as well because they're because of
the high street but also be celebrity
looks hey Jabba fight
because I'd like that kind of thing so
anyway guys hope you enjoyed that really
quick video and also more scalf's next
week on today's doll still work on the
website and um what else what else what
else
bear with me because it's going to take
ages this website looks like and anyway
I see you next week with another video
so until next time keep you covered
peace and I'll look away my watch from
viewed remember that colorful one yeah
telugu look um
hey Sai
