morning guys without breakfast I'll take
you around and show you the breakfast
roll because there's basically food from
almost every country here let's see what
TC is happening shall we see she's going
cool egg Egyptian is me I basically had
a bit of pitabread with feta cheese I'm
gonna have this toast with butter I
think I'll have a bowl of cereal
guys by the way this is the outside of
breakfast like these cute I say cute but
they're bloody massive by the way pods
and can we just talk about this sick
backdrop for my alpha pictures please
breakfast was good we're just going back
to the hotel so that we can you know
empty our stomachs a little bit but then
I have a meeting at one o'clock a Skype
meeting so I just need somewhere with
Wi-Fi and some earphones for that let me
just show you what I wore for breakfast
because I really God when the reflection
just does not help you man it's annoying
anyway I really wanted to film a
lookbook out here but I just I'm not
gonna have the chance so every day every
time I change I'll just show you that
for anyway this dutiful teen a scarf
I've got this top from cars that my
sister chucked out when I was like don't
check out cars love that's the back of
it you see it's quite pleated then we
have these ASOS men's trousers that were
like six quid and my sister is horrified
by them but I don't care cuz comfortable
then we have these lovely leather super
comfortable sandals also a sauce but not
men is just a toss to cease bowel
emptying clearly took the life over guys
you just come up to the top floor and we
found another view it's just crazy man
it's insane all the time stunned by all
the views it is crazy here is absolutely
I don't to sound cheesy but it's
absolutely breathtaking okay I didn't
get to show you guys this yesterday
where we came for the tour but this is
an indoor pool imagine going there and
go into the edge and looking at that
view mini pool / - koozie if you just
come out here I mean this absolutely in
view of device oh my god
up in thee he comes I think to put the
club down or something like that but we
just got insane dok2 seven cup of tea
and in about ten minutes I'm gonna go
into a meeting room and have a meeting
sorry coffee
it aided so we're just coming here
literally having some little snacks okay
and we've got a run down for a minute
get ready in about half an hour before D
mfw actually saw guys we're on the
way we're in a cab finally got ready
thought I was gonna like what wearing by
just living like a meal
very colorful Kent's way to the border
okay we did not have a good day I think
is coming up step very well
my makeup still feels melting some way
is open like kimono thing from a brand
called no sleep and the Iranian
Brent
we've just got to budged close to Bush
o'clock I think we've got to walk over a
bridge over there and then you can see
signs for Modi nice and everything's not
realistic so I'm not sure I'll show you
the snails in a minute
sassy snail pink overgrown snail species
in Dubai Oh
guys we've sat down yeah it's quite
empty now but this will be the opening
show Panama guys
to see is raining but just not raining
she's a break
a lot of focus on the net an applicative
we really should be focusing on that
because what happens is we get put into
a box which is going to happen anyway
because we look we must impose it but
that can be a really bad thing that's a
really bad for us nowadays typically
missing especially if we but it's like
what you think the problem is with the
mr. doing T is we're gonna I agree we
don't split each other in fact we just
hate on each other my job hand-blown
have like you guys some but the majority
attack each other and it's all down to
because of their differences in what
they believe religiously and that's the
problem if we can't even support to the
other hell can we be can we expect
anybody else who doesn't even understand
what we believe anything how can you ask
them to respect to Burma never do like
literally when I was going up yeah I
walked there when I was twelve year
because I was told to do that block but
if a girl did it when she got her period
I'd be done she's not ready to get rid
of that mental mentality because I've
had it in my head
so y'all have to try so really we should
be focusing on hey Jeb and how she's
wearing it how she's putting in how much
of this future is it is what is down to
you or your
we all have a responsibility I said what
we tell people listen when we first
support each other and you're going to
have to join us okay since you've done
all this traveling your mind is just
boarded I don't one expected a bit all
your mind is change Oh everyone's
amazing every way like this judgment
makes light because the point is when do
you judge others when you think you're
better than them but when you travel and
you speak to someone who's cleaning the
floor and they're so intellectual and
amazing then how can you say oh this
person's going to hell just because
they're not wearing a job or something
like it just humbles you guys that was
the most hectic day ever literally
non-stop finally made it back to the
hotel and now I'd like to do a really
random shoot that to see just decided on
doing yeah so we're doing it now before
we go to sleep hopefully won't take too
long
she's getting ready for her Vogue cover
I was supposed to do the photo shoot
BIOS to tie it so she she just did her
solicitors like two hours she started
crying in it but oh I guess you won't
know cuz it wasn't filmed as a photo
shoot but I guess she can tell you all
about that on her Instagram anyway we
ordered room service because we
literally haven't eaten since we had
those little lunch things 14 hours ago
now isn't it like 3:00 a.m. or something
some room service the potato her smell
is making me sick but we're gonna eat
because we're starving and then I'm
going to bed so I'm gonna end this vlog
right here not much has happened today
because I wasn't able to pick up the
camera at all it was just too much of a
busy day but hopefully you guys enjoyed
that watermelon in the Greek salad yeah
right
goodnight
