hi guys and welcome to another review
slash makeup / hai jab tutorial hashtag
attempt introducing beauty p120 Pro
matte and shimmer palette on you TV
business cards as well
Kris BB beauty B cosmetics wwt bay
cosmetics calm and on the back it just
says the website yeah you TV and on the
back it says hey Jody central age where
they obey is jewelry except to but
today's topic is Beauty be make though
as you can see my face hmm
slightly dramatic hmm because I've done
my makeup today inspired by this picture
yeah Beyonce's M Countdown makeup seems
I attempted to do her makeup just
because I thought it was quite fun and
something that I would be able to do
with this palette and also because this
some I don't know the whole pastel minty
colors are all in fashion right now so
just thought I'd give a go so this is
the top layer I guess and it's a mixture
of both shiny and matte colors on my
face today I've basically used these two
rows and then a couple from underneath
oh and I've used cuts coming on I use a
bit the pink I basically used a lot of
it so that's the top top one so I'm
guessing there's sixty colors there and
then here is the second palette which is
also a mixture of shiny and matte colors
I use the black today and I also use the
top ones and the Browns I've used a lot
so there is then also came these two
beauty be brushes which are a little bit
day because I used for my eyebrows and
my eyeshadow etc these two big fat
brushes which I'm so excited about
because it means I can put away my
prymaat brush and use these instead
so today's video is basically gonna be
me showing you how how I've done this
look today
bearing in mind I'm not professional I
just like to show you guys because a lot
of you asked me do a makeup tutorial
acceptor so this is a good combination
because I need to show you guys Beauty B
and I just thought I'd show you the
makeup see ya and also visit judge style
I thought is quite good for a lot of you
girls who want into the volume as I am
so if you just take a look at the side
of it but I kind of do a mini tutorial
for you guys on how to do this scarf as
well um if it's not clear in the video
then don't worry because on the 5th of
December I'll be in Bristol somewhere in
Bristol I don't know where but I've but
I put it up on Dino Tokyo I'm doing some
hedge F siding for you guys who find it
confusing on YouTube I just thought I'd
wear it like this as well to give you
the full effect of makeup I don't
actually like this look on me I like my
normal one which I also show you very
briefly as well how to do even though
I've showed you those I just do it
because I know you'll ask anyway anyway
guys UTP check them out on Facebook and
on and on their website here's the
makeup by the way closer look also if
you like the hejab that is featuring in
this video it will be available on lazy
doll calm either tomorrow or the next
step that I will put a link up telling
you guys exactly when the website is
ready and exactly when you can order so
do not worry about that so as you can
see one side of my face it's done well
the whole face is done just one eye is
done and the other one isn't and because
obviously if it would be a lot quicker
that way the first thing I did was
choose a brown from Japan it it's the
one next to the really dark brown one
that one right there so what I did is
get my Ecotools eyebrow angled brush
which I got from loops and a while back
bearing in mind now I've used foundation
on my eyebrows at all all over my face
basically circles and put off my
eyebrows etc disturbed it in this color
and then I'm just gonna do my eyebrows
just gonna shape my eyebrows basically
just creating a square kind of look I'm
just gonna go on the eyebrow over here
now you kind of obviously use a darker
Brown which I do sometimes depends on my
mood I guess fill in the eyebrow and
then you can also create an arch over
here which I sometimes do very
dramatically and sometimes don't do it
all sorry just put my own son cuz I'm
feeling like a diva okay so you've done
the eyebrow now next thing I did was I
got where is it gone I got this little
brush I dipped it in the top left hand
corner is like salt off-white colors I
just dip that in there I'm just went
underneath the eyebrow like so
okay so I've done the happy next what
I'm gonna do is apply the other false
laughs what I do before I apply them is
just get my liquid eyeliner which is
from collection mm and do a very thin
line on my top lid like so and I just do
that top line because I find when I
apply my false lashes um
there's always like a gap cuz I don't
know how to do in Bobby but whatever
next I'm gonna just apply some mascara
which is my telescopic mascara I'm
really applying them to my top lashes
I'm not going all out how I would if I
was just wearing masks or so I'm gonna
get my eyelash now and the glue and
stick them on my ass so please bear with
me while I do this this which is gonna
be so long it's disgusting so I'm just
gonna hold them down till it kind of
dries I guess then when I'm gonna do err
sorry when I do these kind of edges I
just feel like an american youtuber
because there's a majority that do these
kind of things I can get my scar and
just go over it again just to make the
really cool eyelashes I suppose so
that's something what should I do next
you know what did I do next
oh yes that I have matte as well as
shiny eyeshadows so much choice
ridiculous I then went and got this big
fat brush that is a beauty D brush came
with the palette and I went and chose
from the top palette a minty green
and then just went crazy all over my top
late
and then also that corner bit of your
eye this crazy dabbing hi Leon
remember I'm not professional yeah don't
judge me on this I'm just trying to show
you I also brought it across my eye like
so in a winged kind of thing that's that
done right now you look like a bit of a
fool I got the other Beauty B brush I
also came with the palette and chose M
where's it gone now my favorite of all
oh yeah in the top left hand top right
hand corner I don't know top whatever
corner there's this like nice Goldie
come up over here so I get this and I
tend to do this a lot when I don't want
to wear masks are at the bottom even
though I realized that you had to wear
alien so I just went underneath on my
waterline like so that's that done white
um my white eyeliner which is surprise
surprise from Primark and then just you
know colored in my eye
so that's done you brush again and went
back to the mint green color and also
wet along the bottom there's such a mess
this is the hopefully look all right at
the end I went to back to my collection
mm eyeliner she's really old and I need
a new one and then just did a thicker
line I just not exactly how Beyonce has
individual cuz she kind of starts from
middle of the top lid I just did it from
the corner because you know I messed up
and I just carry on
top lid I'm just gonna stop
I guess just before my eyebrow ends
because the bottom ones gonna be longer
last you've top little wheat next what
I'm gonna do I need to do that black
sort of line of the top so I got this
eyeliner that sort of rolls up like so
and what I like about it is you don't
have to sharpen it every time to get a
good sort of point you've noticed a
point and this is actually from Primark
all right surprise and what I'm gonna do
is just attempt to draw it some sort of
line over there so look that line is
gonna go same towards the end of your
eyebrow I guess the see it's quite harsh
and does the other one but I did blend
in the other ones I'm gonna penguiny
this one now a small brush that I've
already only um and right right at the
bottom is a is a matte deep really dark
matte black and then sort of lighter a
dark gray so I got the grey one first
but it's busy black but it's just great
competitive a really dark one and I'm
just gonna attempt to blend so there's
my attempt to blend yes and then if you
noticed in the picture of B I'll stay
aligned and only she had some like brown
eyeshadow going on which is something
I've also tend to do on this side it's
basically the brown but I used my
eyebrows i use on my eyebrows and then I
just have this habit of just keeping all
the other growls just a rule
in the palette but probably get some
kind of wrong
now all that's left is the bottom
eyeliner that's the makeup palette
finished for today I guess you can try
this look with the crazy pinks and crazy
pinks and blues they've got as well I
use this first which is that n1 I just
sort of went while I'll just show you
like the liquid liner and what you can
do is just do a winged you can go do
another flick from underneath and let it
stretch towards eyebrows so that you've
done the underneath bit and then one
final thing I did this I actually turned
out better than this one which is quite
annoying thing as it just is so then I
got very telescope mascara and then just
lightly did it sort of Nestle did the
bottom lashes but you can do that as
well is just over the top lashes again
to make them huge and amazing which you
can't be tell some islands to think but
hey how what do you know individuals
well she's got quite a nudey pink lip
gloss or lipstick on or lip color I just
use my Mac and Lady Gaga one kind of
colour just went over it while you can
do as well is just get a brush just
gonna choose this moody one over here
nudey pink and that's basically the look
I'm just gonna show you very quickly how
did my scarf is very simp
so that's how you'd scarf now I'm just
going to go ahead and show you how I did
the head style at the beginning of the
video I am aware the makeup look today
is quite scary and yes before you say
anything I know makeups is totally haram
so sit back down this is just for the
video so anyway girls till next time
keep it covered
