hello slam alaikum oh man alive that
stink when did you watch that last ill
I'm totes dyeing my hair blonde what do
you mean what the point
hey job is her in fashion right now I'm
doing it for myself
hello and my future husband God just her
ignorant sometimes way why are you
friends with my brother on Facebook who
I did do I know she wanted to give me
tips on how to wear my scarf huh
so hawk good via chat huh bum showing I
mean fair enough if it was a nice bum
sorry mom I didn't mean to leave my pen
on the floor we are so stylish oh my
gosh she's getting married oh my god I
need to get married so I got mistaken
for a seat what well I can't he must
have fallen out my hijab is your Phi
okay sister do you know that we're a
nail polish center to help I saw her the
other day and she was wearing a scarf
I said congratulation next thing I know
you're on to Facebook she's got pictures
without her scarf on I just can't get
over how her aunties like stuff alone I
just can't go a bit more white okey why
are you on my phone this is be Haram the
post Mansell my hair by accident the
other day so embarrassing Salam alaikum
sister I don't mean to judge but I'm
going to anyway do you know what she
might I will just take it off like
what's the point in wearing it so glad I
don't have to worry about doing my hair
anymore I mean I can go for weeks
without washing it and nobody will know
mm-hmm she is fitna
I'll be committing a sin if I don't
advise you but what you're doing is
completely Haram it looks like you may
be going to hell for it one two three
bye cannot find a hijab to go with this
outfit no no no no no
no no no no you are an actual disgrace
to our religion
really I'm the disgrace well sorry no no
no now do
shall I hope you don't take any offense
and of course I'm advising you as well
as myself yes
her arms were showing she's so gonna get
fancied because of it I was over there
sorry did I speak too soon I was only
joking
yeah some guy tried to put in my scalp
at the other day punched his face in me
yeah like he's a hospitalist no no no no
that's a penny job I'm taking fall and
you see it's left if you look you go I
said excuse me you a hello brother
musics about time that you met
all you do here you it to go all the
bald one
sorry I can't actually karna here here
well nothing's okay Sony combined
