hi guys okay today he's just gonna be
really really quick outfit of the day
video um and also a video showing you a
couple of the scarfs I haven't stopped
on my face book store mm-hmm though on
my head I've got one of my favorite
scoffs from the new stock which is a
sort of dusty yellow dark purple zebra
print stripy hey Jett come look at it um
it's pretty decent size gives you just
about enough coverage and if it doesn't
give you enough coverage then you know
that your head is slightly too big okay
then I paired it with this purple blazer
which was actually a charity shop find
from Butte that my grandmother and my
sister found imbued i was only six
pounds and I think it's austin and i
think it's all their vintage as really
nice I don't even think has been warned
even if it has six pound so i'll just
show you the blazer it's very long well
not very long it's quite badi you can
wear it open cleansed think I'm gonna
wear open sleeves rolled up I might have
like a big winter scarf round my neck
later as well then oh yeah okay then
I've got my usual jewelry from Donald us
this ring and in my African necklace
which you can also get my face book
store and I've got my michael kors watch
and then the skirt I've got is just a
forever 21 Jersey tube skirt so my
makeup quite bare because I'm getting
really lazy and I just can't be bothered
wearing mascara eyeliner because it
takes ages to wipe off when you want to
get to bed but this would probably only
last for a week then i'll be back to my
eye makeup so I've got my foundation and
blush on the my eyebrows left that left
the eyes and then I've got a
I've got a sort of dark purple lipstick
from Mac which I've mixed with like a
nude lipstick from miss sporty or
something rubbish like that so that's
basically the outfit what I love about
this blazer is it was six pounds and the
shoulder pads are huge and you all know
how I like big show up and this scarf is
on my facebook store I just want to show
you a couple of other scoffs that are
also available right now okay before we
get into scarves I've actually got a
couple bandanas available good because
you know how we wear bandanas that are
pretty that show and then a my scarf
over it so you have a nice bandana that
goes around I'm just obviously not with
this outfit but trying to imagine it
that goes around sort of like that then
you have the scarf over it i'll end
these long bits can just tie over your
bun or your ponytail or your flower clip
or your shower thing to add volume poppy
hijabs green ones and red ones look at
them these are the popular jazz
it's how long they are they're all
really good decent events they cover
your big head and obviously if you don't
have a big head that you have nothing to
worry about and I also have them in
pinky purple which I thought was quite
pretty I know it's a bit summary but
some of you might be going on holiday oh
then I have this cough but in pink and
gray which is very similar to my yellow
and grey one that I wore or was it
yellow and pink one yellow and grey one
that I warned my in Egypt for this I'll
compare hall so here's the pink of great
one same as this so got these really
cute and monochrome Teddy scoffs cuz
they're just plastered with teddys they
remind me of them remember this chris we
used to eat when we were kids take their
bear those baked wrists and it can't
remember they're gone but that's not the
remind me off anyway then got a couple
more but you have to check them out on
my face book store which is facebook.com
slash de tokyo left hand side shop tab
done dealio sorry about the rest video
and the midst of it all but I'm in a
rush so anyway oh yeah i also have next
up I have a viewed vlog mashup to upload
I don't know when I'm gonna do that one
half time and I've also got a couple
reviews to do first one being from hey
Jeb candy which are really cool new
store anyway watch out for that until
next time keep it covered
