guess what I have bubble tassel scoffs
whatever you want to call them they are
a little bit different than the ones I
had previously and but basically because
I love these ones more see I'm wearing a
black quad as you can see they're plain
it's a plain black gorgeous soft jersey
material and around the edge it's got
multicolored bubble tassel theme and
that's around all four edges okay so I
have I have them in black and I also
have them in gray let me just show you
the width and the length as well like
perfect for us Gil to like the volume as
well okay here's the width and the
length is also very long you don't need
to worry about it it's enough coverage
end of story I'm wearing one I have a
look at it as a sort of side profile and
it's multicolored bubbles around the
edges go discuss okay at the moment I've
only got them in black gray and pink but
end of December I will be getting the
plain colors as well so if you would
like to purchase one so I'll be updating
the face book store tonight with these
gorgeous scarfs and there that's all I
have at the moment I've got a lot in
stock though so shall our nobody will be
upset that they were waiting for ages
and can get one just sort of give you
some pointers on how to order it because
a lot of you last time got confused with
the face book shop which is
understandable because it is a bit weird
and okay so I'm gonna update them on my
store if you have a look on dear Tokyo
and facebook.com slash dealer Tokyo and
take the profile picture you'll see like
photos info different sort of tabs that
you can choose some you'll see more X
term or there'll be a drop-down arrow so
you click on the drop-down arrow and
then you'll see a shop tab in green you
click on the shop tab and then you'll
see scarfs and accessories click on
scoffs and these will be
black gray and pink let me show you
again gray and pink yummy I know click
on the scarf that you want and it says
buy now or pay now click on Pay Now and
then you've got to go all the way to
your PayPal and send the money and then
what happens is I get an email saying
you've received a payment from blah blah
once I get that email you will receive
an email confirming that your order has
gone through and what day it will be
this hatch day okay so make sure if you
click on Buy It Now you go all the way
to the paper I look really fat because
of this jumper I hope you like my jump
it is really big nice Buffy one from
bucum also I just want to warn you guys
and this is what happened last time
anyway a lot of people placed orders and
I sent them emails saying unfortunately
I'm gonna have to do a refund because
they when you place the order there
wasn't any stock left that may happen
again I think it's because Facebook
sometimes allows you to place an order
even though they might they may have
just gone out of stock but if that
happens then obviously you see the email
straight away with your refund straight
away I will have a status update on
Facebook and letting you guys know
exactly what time they'll be going
online and then I'm also going to update
now I won't keep you guys waiting for
like two four weeks I'm going to update
every week install a new stock if these
are popular then I'll get more next week
I promise and if they're not popular
then well there'll be more scoffs in
stock next week and then at the end of
December is when I'll be getting the me
you me you machine oh and Prada all
those kind of scoffs end of December but
from now till December it's just gonna
be different gorgeous scoffs also if you
like my necklace you can get that on my
facebook store as well in the accessory
tap so I hope you have a chance to get
one I hope you like it it is it's
actually it's a different material to
the last ones I was telling it's the
nicer material it's a gorgeous soft
jersey fabric and it's really nice for
also around the neck if your idea next
week I'll have more Scot different scars
in stock and hopefully these as well so
facebook.com slash Dino Tokyo on the
left hand side shop tab it takes a while
to load the page so bear with it and
then you'll see page abs or scarf the
continent boy called it and then you see
accessories click on the scarf and
you'll see these press on buy now or pay
now takes you all the way to your PayPal
you send your payments and then you will
receive an email confirming your order
also don't forget to follow me on
Twitter because I'm recently becoming
the Twitter addict and I talk to
everybody a lot what I tried to many
week so that's them Twitter
remember twitter.com slash ash do you
Tokyo something like that and anyway
until then happy shopping
keep it coming
