hi guys okay today's we're just gonna be
a really quick outfit the day video and
it's really cold ever since I got back
from Egypt not going to ramble and I'm
just gonna tell you what I'm wearing so
on my head I've just got a plain black
pashmina scarf with tassels from mare
Egypt but you can actually get from
anyway it's just one of those really
plain simple black ones I just got a
bandana underneath it's actually another
scarf but hey bandana scarf
okay then I'm wearing this really big
winter winter sort of cardigan thing
with a really big hood but the hood
doesn't fit over my head even though
it's really big because my head is so
big so it just kind of looks like a
really cool collar and it's actually my
sister's and she's like moving to London
so she's left half her stuff here so I'm
just making the most of it so to see if
you're watching this I'm really sorry
that I'm wearing your clothes without
permission it's from Zara and I believe
it was really expensive so that's why
she probably killed me and she's got
really really good taste in clothes by
the way better than me so she should
really be doing this but she doesn't
anyway so I'm wearing that which is my
sister's I'll just show you guys
probably it's just like a big cardigan
it's really finding by so comfortable
and more okay anyway then I have just my
normal sort gold bracelets then I have
this stupid little cartoon ring from
Egypt and cost something stupid it's
just like plastic and I just like it
because I like crap so and then I'm
wearing them and you watch that I got as
well which is a wife cause one yes
boring okay then I've got okay then I
have a necklace on which I thought would
just really glam the outfit up a little
bit it's the handmade beaded one that
I've got on my facebook store so if you
like it go get it and then I just went
to black top and then I won't show you
guys probably cuz I got bothered washed
out car key green chinos which are also
my sisters totally making the most of it
sorry TT I still don't know why I'm
wearing on my feet let me just show you
I'm basically wearing everything on my
sisters I'm so knology okay then uh this
is the bag and wearing it's really old
worn out Zara bag which is also my
sisters and I believe was very expensive
too so if she was actually in Cardiff
she would walk through that door
dragged me by my scarf and kill me that
was a really quick video I hope you like
it because it's kind of like wintery now
and I don't really know what's in for
winter so I'm just wearing old stuff so
old stuff that keeps me warm so anyway
if you like the necklace as well I've
got a couple more going on my facebook
store and loads of other nice statement
ones and then it shuttle I'll be getting
more scoffs in stock soon don't know
where and so don't ask me I will let you
know what I know anyway girls till next
time
keep it covered
