hi guys welcome to my big fat Egypt
shopping haul so this bitch is just
gonna be me showing you guys what I've
bought so far any dip that's all thing
because um well you'll just see in the
video so he goes
but I just took my cardigan off because
to be honest it is way too hot I need it
to go in a cardigan I did put it on so I
relate to you guys in the UK with the
freezing cold weather that I've been
hearing about all over Facebook let's
start off with the scarf on my head I'm
just letting you have a look at it and
obviously it's a replica Mimi
Egypt is full of replicas scarfs and
normal scarfs and remember on Facebook I
posted the picture of the big scarf
market thing yeah that was from there
them it's really bad obviously because
it's a replica but when it's there in
front your face it looks so good you
can't really help it okay here's the
other scarf I bought and this one isn't
a replica it's just a nice pattern scarf
and it's like a chiffon Scott's a load
of horses and patterns and strange
things on it
but what I love the most is the color
and then the contrast in the Aztec print
and the leopard print and I got a
replica machine a scarf
oshino and it's the ones where they've
got um
what's-her-face olive Popeye's wife
olive oil or olive whatever just that
one there were so many I really didn't
know which to choose so I just picked
this one this one and I just got this
one for the pattern which isn't a
replica but I just bought these two
replicas from Egypt so far I probably
won't buy any more because I've got
loads back in Cardiff I still have one
but normal scoffs just like a dusty pink
and it's huge it's one of those huge
ones that we love look how wide it is
ridiculously wide and then on the edges
it has those little Tuttle things it's a
bit like my tip turquoise a new look one
by war and the material is so nice than
what it is but it's so soft and it looks
real good on so then I bought another
one in that color also my mum bought if
you come this snooty color which is the
heavy must have this color is a
must-have cause it goes with everything
I finally found some good Scots and you
didn't next what I bought is and is
there remember drama darkness ooh and
when valley girl posted up her picture
in haze down and then we all start doing
it and well I just figured from there
needed a new is Dale so came to Egypt
and I bought this one as you can see
it's a little bit crazy but doesn't
matter because it's Dell the one in the
house only so I bought this one from
Roxy which is like a street in Egypt
full of shops and it's just a nice walk
if you go in the night it's quite a nice
walk and you have a drink and you just
pop into shops that sort of thing
so anyway I wait I bought it in a shop
and Roxy let me just show you it here's
the front it's really big obviously it's
in this Dale and here's the head so
stick your head through there stick your
head through this tube thing and then
here's the scarf attached that you can
just wrap loosely around your head
obviously and it's even my soft jazzy
material happy with that okay next is
you might laugh but it's really cool
it's a polka dot shirt and says on the
front it's all good in the hood and then
it's got really cute lil embroidery
stitching with them on T's of I don't
know what buy they're like really cool
sort of weird little they remind me of
like how you can cartoons I didn't know
if that makes sense but that's what
reminded you of and they really cute I
thought this is something that you might
find in London in a really weird shop
and you pick up and be like wow that's
so cool
so my mum was like Dina are you serious
I was like yeah I'm seeing this is
really cool she's like what the hell are
you serious I was like yeah they're cool
but she doesn't understand it and my
sister thinks it looks like pajamas
which it kind of does but it does degree
nice on it's got a nice leaves polka dot
and then strikes then on the back it's
got some other detailing I don't know
what it says I think it says Kauai ka w
a double eye which is obviously Chinese
or Japanese that when you're going by
normal clothes like share its genes with
cetera the sizes are so stupid they're
so small this share is an extra-large
the share is an extra-large and it fits
me like perfectly so I'm sorry but if
somebody was obese what what what size
are they gonna wear and it's really cool
on
I don't know I'm gonna wear it with yet
but I'll perspective
if I ever do it I don't know I just
think it's really cool you might think
I'm a loser but up and I went to the
cinema in city stars and as I was
walking to the cinema all out of it or
something I came across a shop City
stars you all know City stars it's like
the biggest mall in Egypt and it's like
the newest and it's quite nice it's got
everything in it like new look Zara H&M
blah blah blah so um I came across some
shop it's like a it's in it's a European
shop but it's not fully done yet so
everything was on sale and stuff yeah
but another shirt and it's the Mickey
Mouse shirt so you're all gonna think
I'm so crazy and I'm just buying loads
of summer clothes because I'm such a
freak he's the it's Mickey Mouse
 there's a women's 1 it looks men's
but it's not I just thought it was
really funky and it's something I'd wear
so I really liked it and I bought it as
well Egypt is full full of hey jebby
shops shops catered for just hey JB's
and it's full of brands there's like a
shop called tech beer shop called
Susannah and loads of other shops by car
remember the names and they're all just
for dedicated to our buyers or closed
for hi JB's oh there's another shop
called Karina and it's basically got all
the Jersey drapey clothes which I don't
really like but it's got all of that
business in it so there's a lot for all
of you heavies I know we needed to
always complain because there's no
agenda clothes there are so many you
just need to actually be open-minded go
into the shops and try something because
loads of Egyptians think that oh no it's
an Egyptian sharp Oh can't wear that
people are gonna think I'm tacky but
it's not about where you buy clothes
from us about how you wear them I think
anyway I went to a shop called Susanna
which is a JB shop I'm pretty sure they
have a website as well because yeah they
do is called Susanna fashion com2 check
it out I don't know if they ship abroad
away but they've got stores all over
Egypt and I found two really nice tops
on sale well this one actually I didn't
like at first by to be honest I don't
like this why I don't like the print of
this one but I love the fit of these
tops so let me show you so here's the
front these are the sleeves they're
short sleeves but they're like baggy
short sleeves and they make your arms
look thin because
big round young and then the front is
just there's just a big gaping hole so
when you wear it like this it's really
baggy and then the front is just all
open so you have to wear a nice top
underneath and then it's just really
long it's very very very simple cut
actually really really simple but I just
liked it because I haven't found
something like that in a while the fit
that is not the print don't like the
print but I can cope with the print so
yeah this is only 70 Egyptian pounds
which is like 750 and then I bought
another one exact same fit but in this
print to be honest the prints on both of
them is a little bit dodgy I don't know
what they say I don't know what each one
says but I hope it doesn't say anything
stupid because trust me
Egypt will find loads of clothes with
really weird messages on them and they
don't realize that some of those
messages are little bit rude or just
weird to write on t-shirts etc so many
of them
so anyway is this one again staying fit
again I just really like this would like
navy blue skinnies or a beige top
underneath beige scarf might wear that
okay now there's another shop in Egypt
as well called belladonna it's not
Egyptian it's I don't know I think it's
Italian belladonna I think it's telling
because Bella is telling right I'm not
sure yeah when they say ciao bella ciao
if there's the belladonna stores all
over Egypt then they constantly having
sales and they have throughout their
store they've got loads of different
clothes that are all very similar in
style but with completely different
patterns and colors depending on the
season etc anyway I bought something
that's on sale anyway his jumper it's
very H&M in my opinion very H&M and it's
just oversize huge Dundee do that was
basically I think it was 99 Egyptian
pounds so it's basically like a tenner
that's a 10 over here and then I found a
code base I'm just going to show you it
is a mustard yellow
so it's quite standard style it remind
her something that I would buy from Zara
a year or two ago she my mom picked out
she was like hey Dina look at this I was
like her mama that is hot so then we
tried it on and I was like whoa this
fits good as well oh of course I went
and bought it and now when I go back to
the UK then now I have a winter jacket
because I know it's freezing so
fantastic I'm going to jacket but under
ten put just over 10 pounds sorry so
basically what I'm trying to say is any
Egyptians that living in Egypt and hate
the shops in Egypt you shouldn't because
you guys have everything I've got
friends and family who always request
clothes from abroad because I think is
better buy an Egypt they have first of
all if you want closer boards you've got
H&M you've got a new look you've got
very motor you've got Karen Millen
you've got new look they've got new look
in Egypt you get in March and Spencer
you get an idea I know that's got
nothing super close but you get IKEA and
you get in literally in Egypt they've
got Bershka they've got pulling bed
they've got more choice than Cardiff
Egypt has more choice than Cardiff I'm
not joking
you've got all those international
stores and then you've got all the
Egyptian things as well where it's
perfect for a chair because you've got a
long skirt in almost every shop you've
got long tops you've got absolutely
everything you've got the tops for
underneath you've got turtlenecks you
got bandanas yeah and the accessories
you need it for ridiculous I bought so
many accessories but I'm not going to
show you because I'm not gonna have time
like you literally have everything
you've got avail yourself you have
everything there is absolutely no need
for any Egyptian to want things from
abroad oh my god I totally forgot to
show you guys one other thing I bought
and that is this little baby is a
gorgeous little clutch bag with Arabic
calligraphy all over it
and then inside there's just a mentor
for Punk so I just just plain basically
and that's it anyway I hope you enjoyed
the video and stay tuned for my next
video and also if you can all please
sign the petition that's being posted
everywhere Barbara had appeal as well
because I think we've got till the 3rd
or the 6th of November to get how many
signatures I don't know but if we all
just sign it takes you like two minutes
I'll leave the link at the bottom and
anyway in shuttle up you enjoyed the
video and hopefully might help some of
you guys I know it wasn't actually that
helpful it's more helpful when I show
you how I wear everything but I'll do
that another time
so anyway stay tuned for my next video
and till next time keeping have it
please
