try everyone okay so today's videos
gonna be my new look I'm shopping hall
with the voucher that I got sending the
purse 200 pound woohoo so um I'm just
gonna leave now and then I'll do a bit
of filming maybe when I'm shopping and
then come back later on today or
tomorrow and show you guys what I bought
and how do everything oh yeah I'm just
going to quickly do a really really
quick outfit of the day with what
wearing so my favorite tan scarf which I
got from like a street in Birmingham one
of the stalls and I got this jumper from
warehouse it's actually two tees my
sisters but I'm taking it it's got nice
beading very aztec very tribal great
very in right now is jumper but if you
just wear it with like a vest up
underneath this erm not too hot then I
got my baggy jeans on and sandal hi guys
so I'm just on my way back from shopping
and I didn't get anything with my noona
quad - because well cuz I can't find
anything
and also because I had my mum with me as
she was just taking over the whole
shopping experience so I'm just driving
to work now so when basically this video
just gonna be outfit of the day and oh
actually I'll just yeah I'll just add
this clip on to the shopping when I do
go buy it
so anyway that was a bit of a bloody
shopping experience and get anything at
all except a pair of leggings what the
hell tell ya I'm going to go to work and
have a munch okay guys this is it last
time when you look I didn't find
anything because my mama was taken up
taking on my was distracting me
everything so this time I'm going to new
look and I am NOT leaving until I've
spent my voucher so I'll see you back at
home weird goodies
okay guys so I'm back from my new look
shopping trip and I'm absolutely
knackered and I just want to get changed
because of pouring outside anyway I
didn't spend the whole 200-pound watch I
just spent half so this video will be to
be continued and when I go again but
that'll help you for a while because I
still can't bothered anyway let me see
what I got there okay start with this
hmm
haven't even tried to do these things on
so when I do and if they look nice I'll
do like alpha updates for you as well
okay so you see this looks horrible on
screen anyway it's like a tan color sort
of 3/4 length dress that comes up to
about the knees it's got like beating on
the front and on the back I thought it
was quite a sophisticated looking dress
for like evenings out and that sort of
thing anyway there's only 7 pound on
sale woohoo can't go wrong I haven't
tried it on
so I dunno it looks like but I think
it'll be alright ok then I got this this
red and white stripe you like sailor
sort of top and I got it in a size size
14 because I want it to be quite badly I
was good I was going to get it in 18 but
then the shoulders would look really
stupid so it's long sleeved really handy
for just for me to wear like my with my
baggy jeans and I had a hole on the back
one very minor and my scarf would cover
that anyway so I got it for 4 pound well
I got some accessories ok I got these
pink and gold bracelets which I thought
so so nice every three pounds and by the
way almost everything I got was in the
sale cuz there's a huge sale good on a
new look and all over in all the shops
in them I bought a pair of black palazzo
pants palazzo pants as my nan would say
Judy
good once I said to her palazzo duty I'm
gonna wear palazzo pants and she goes
Deana they're called per lap so I was
like sorry darling
so anyway black ones I've been looking
for them for ages I couldn't find them
anywhere I just I can just find like
wide leg trousers but these are perfect
cuz they really really flared I like
that I'd cut I couldn't find them
anywhere except for new look everywhere
else they've just got them in different
colors so I really just a black pair so
and they were they went on sale though
these were 2025 pounds which is still
really good because the pink ones pink
palazzo pants I've got from River Island
which I once saw the nation they were
face seven oh then I got these bright
orange skinny jeans well they're not
bright orange they're more of a dusty
sort of orange and I got them in the
tall so like four retold people but I'm
just gonna roll them up at the bottom
because there were only 12 pounds and
the ones that weren't tall were like 25
so I was like I'm so getting the sail
ones and I want to wear these well I
want to try these with that Camel top
camel dress I showed you it and then
liked on shoes so we'll see how that
looks and I'll do outfit of days for you
so got these I've got a bunch more of
accessories so let me show you guys I
love these little up black silver and
gold three-pound
really really good how many valium try
these on but these would look so good
with my black pull out their pants and
like just evening out sort of bracelets
even though I shouldn't have bought any
accessories because I just bought a
whole a whole load from the entire
collection guys on Facebook but oh well
these were on sale so these really cute
bracelets see the little lamb I don't
know that like Pocahontas sort of
tassels hanging off it I thought that
was really cute and then these little
charms hanging off I was only two around
I thought really cute and really um boho
that's the first bag done a pair of I
don't even know what color this this is
sort of like a caramel tanned with a
hint of orange very like copper maybe
copper Winkle I don't know actually I
see what it says on the tag hmm okay
doesn't say but anyway these exactly
like the black ones really flared really
nice and they've got a little like tie
there which you could do a nice bow with
these brought on sale though there were
18 pound 50 or some
thing so I can't return them I can only
exchange if they look good but I tried
these odds I liked them and then I think
you know much you know and then my final
thing I got was this I really like this
it's a t-shirt basically right orange
and then beige then on the back it's got
black and gold zip and then the sleeves
are like rolled up little gold detail
and it's like short from the front and
then long at the back which i think is
really good to wear with palazzo pants
and just with like baggy jeans or Chino
trousers um and that was any 12-pound I
got it in a size 8 because it's quite a
baggy style anyway I was gonna get
another one in size 16 but it looked
really it was just really fighting so I
got this one which was a which was 12
pounds was I was really feeling the
orange day and they call the coral
colors in caramel so I bought this nail
polish like I saw dusty orange again I
thought it'd look really nice with that
caramel dress with the dusty coral sort
of bright orange jeans if I was only
$2.99 so it's cheaper than most nail
varnishes will get anywhere like bury em
and all that 5 pound 299 haven't tried
it yet but I will show you guys when I
wear it so that's everything and that
came to like um like a it's like a
against a 90-pound and with the sale
items so really good especially the
palazzo pants were you happy with those
anyway this video will be continued when
I go on these second or some other time
maybe in a month when I get new stock
okay so until next time keep it covered
