I'm like Susan Deena I pick two because
I thought she was well presented she
looks smart but colorful mom dad the
people whole family here
alex is only 18 and some people may say
he's too young maybe he's not ready
my job is teaching him the tricks of the
trade Thank You Lynn yeah bit nervous
everything I was gonna come for you got
you three outfits for the trend which is
indie awesome we pleased to hear that
it's menswear and your brief is and
Georgia knee so we have 48 hours
got any ideas yet no not yet but we'll
do a brainstorm still gets perfect
you've got 300 pounds you can borrow
stuff you can make stuff you can use to
pick your own goodies get started yes
I'm ready come in this is your bedroom
yeah yeah mine will do you got your free
outfit rock-and-roll wedding day in the
park but they at work who spike men sort
of totally quirk flat checked yeah
very very fashionable really good she's
really upbeat and she's got a lot of
energy about her plays all my stuff ah I
love those so you to be quite into Grand
Duchy yeah yeah could be decorative
style Alex has shown interest in fashion
from a young age really used to enjoy
wearing matching socks to coordinate
with his matching top and we're very
strong-minded about what you wanted to
wear it works in menswear department
store even really cool dude and I love
the fact is only 18
it's just graveling please Yeah right
like go haha right now I'm in the in the
picnic mode we're ignoring anything else
oh come by the G not multitasking so I
hope she doesn't miss things down there
actually we have a look upstairs they
might have more sales cuz I panicked
she's pretty hectic you all over the
place
and I really want to help her without
taking her confidence away I'm just I
dunno I'm just so blessed right now like
forget that stripy top I'd be honest I'm
not sure it totally works
I'm quite worried I don't know which one
to choose alright you go and have a
trawl through the clothes you've only
got three two quid so when you're
looking at stuff first thing you've got
trash is the prize share price first
size second there nice
what's the most important question to us
oh there's a very safe no one price yeah
right I heard my head at wise look like
it just hurts my trap do you think it's
gonna be easier to go to your store and
then build from there my favourite
manager basically I'm just wondering if
you could borrow some clothes for the
fashion show
I think we could
that's brilliant
that's amazing right so I think we need
to start with laying everything out
we've got it's brilliant that you were
able to go and borrow those pieces and
how you feel about tomorrow all you got
some amazing shoes gonna make it stand
out from the rest rated and dislikes and
one off like accessories and stuff and
you've got all your budget laughing okay
I'll be on today yeah when I look at
this I think safe and I'm not quite
feeling catwalk yeah so tomorrow when I
come see you you'll be thinking fashion
catwalk not hi straigt yeah definitely I
think I'm feeling worse than I was when
I hit the shops this morning I don't
want to do the wrong thing it is so hard
like don't underestimate there we go
styling certainly harder than it looks
although I imagine only my margins and
I'm dodging as an indie and that only
looks that a budding stylist will have
to showcase today soon Alexandra Burke
who's here will be setting them an extra
styling challenge literally minutes
before a catwalk show begins which is
quite cruel I think Dino Daleks have no
idea what it is but I can tell you that
this will be involved this guy how do we
feel about this I'm kind of into flowers
and now before any of that I kind of
want to get into fashion news and panel
we have a quick chat about the top
stories this week we'll work on that
jingle and it was Fashion Awards galore
this week two awards and then on Tuesday
with the glamour Awards in London
everyone turned up for that super
stylish including Jessie J who rocks a
more glamorous outfit she looked like
this she was going to go in a strapless
John chinga varna number it's quite a
grown-up look for Jessie J Giles right
yeah a lot more grown-ups I like her a
bit younger and a bit edgier
yeah it looks a bit like an Chaz often
Emma dies it's very on-trend no joke I
get north yeah and Alexandra do you
think it's kind of dangerous for a music
art is to change a look so dramatically
no not at all
no I'm just because she threw in a
couple of hair extensions and putting
the pretty dress doesn't make it a
dangerous move for it to make a change I
think it's nice to keep people guessing
and it's nice for the world to see you
in different looks so I loved what she
yeah I love what she wanted she looks
great and I like a real gangster a lot
of guys and Gossard lover yeah on the
other side of the pond was the CFDA
Fashion Awards I wrote like Jessie J
Lady gaga didn't change a new look she
wore this which is standard Gaga outfit
I love this picture so much the guy in
the black the people in the back do you
think that and you know we're going to
start seeing people dress more and more
like Gaga on the high street Barbara I
think you can get that look on the high
street right now not in fashion shops
probably a more adult choice I bet you
might be on fine I look but you know I
think she doesn't influence people
because she just it you know dressing
for her is so important and a couple
years ago we were selling loads of those
kind of you know big glittery sequin
occurs that she was and now I've already
still wearing that yeah already go yeah
never stop Thank You panel thank you so
much I just have to adjust my trouser
legs when I walk now Jessie J or Lady
Gaga's outfit has inspired you get
online you can have a play and you can
create all manner of outfits and even
put yourself forward through our six
finalists here on the 9th of July it's
all at channel 4 comm / style so this
week our two booting stylists had 48
hours to create three outfits one for
the office one for rock and roll wedding
and one for a picnic they each had
different trends to follow Alexei's
theme was in debug whilst Deena took on
androgynous but with only a couple of
hours to complete their outfits were
they on the right road to fashion
success good to go
I haven't slept at all last night I have
my friend over I was just trying on
uppers on how to figure out what this is
missing and what such a foot I know why
I'm coming it's time to look for today
are you doing you're right
yeah not bad I think I was gonna do an
returns it exchanges now okay wait well
paid parking in short C's be so G then
if I sell the knees too big reading yeah
I'm still the size eight the tutors
tipping they're gonna look two sizes too
big there's so much pressure isn't it
why the tears
I dunno looks like everything is it
feeling a bit outfeed airport what is it
like running up climbin like not
pointing one little porn
Dinah's had a bit of a meltdown because
the pressure of the task my hand has
come to and I think she's actually it's
just clicked gosh this is out of my
comfort zone we're in a city as a
trillion shops let it come to you you
know yeah let's go into some vintage
shops again get off the high street yeah
so you feel confident yeah I'm very
cautious yeah yeah super excited to get
go I'm excited yeah one again gavel get
arrested with stuff
oh my god I love now I've got the money
to spend I need to learn to stick my
list we remove cars to help me so much I
feel like really come for working around
there go you got instinct totally 108
put it under 90 yeah there any other
little chica discography sure to move
one seven five he's really picked up we
totally get that
what sort of the baguette for uh what
there falsy I could I could do 25 or
that good there
choose me you'll never be paying full
price again no yes looks exactly what
we're looking for
this was pretty perfect I probably we
found these we finally took up out of
the comfort zone and she's happy she's
excited I'm over the moon
oh my god these are crazy 11 I can go
home a happy stylist
Co sighted can you believe it
yeah I got I feel like I could breathe a
little bit now the yesterday and
everything I wasn't too permitted
everything but right now I absolutely
done everything that's been fit together
I think that's wedding talk definitely
total so we know so high five baby
confidence yes there's a little bit
worried but all coming together now like
seeing it out here
I can't really happy with everything
I've got he's come such a long way
he's an eighteen year old didn't know
what hit him he's really listened to
everything that I told him he just gets
it thank you for your help you're more
than welcome
and before you go there's a lot pal
fifty change a one-pound big day you
don't really well well don't do very
much goodbye
there we go dinner we saw the pressures
getting to you there a little bit was it
there briefly androgynous Ness
yeah do you know what I wasn't that
familiar with it so I found it quite
hard but I've come to embrace it now and
I really enjoyed it I thought I was
expecting to see you here now that fully
loving it rocky Natasha's embrace you
ninja fully dressed as map and Alex you
were the king of blog in there yeah how
did you find the challenge now it's
really good a full blog and made me get
more than yeah ok I like the fact the
end of the first day was like still got
all my money they say don't forgot dick
yeah and cat you said he's kind of
grandad chic yeah which is a good thing
everyone was laughing it's a good thing
do you think you can deliver the indie
goods so to speak today definitely then
mental I was really hard but he's done
really well yeah awesome
Alexis you won last week you may love
fun oh yes do you think that Dena can
win it again for you ah there's no
answer is yes yeah oops
of seize a mouthful yes and well the
hard work is not over yet we have an
extra challenge for you but for this one
Alexis go away cats go where you two are
on your own today's challenge involves
our special guest experts the super glam
Alexandra Burke is here hello
directions job challenge you're going to
give our stylist today well as you guys
know a music video is very important for
pop stars and people that want to be in
the music business so I want you guys to
wear dress me for a music video and I
want it to be you know I like to be
stylish sexy but also feminine but
strong at the same time because the look
in the video is going to be there for
ages four years so it needs to be iconic
so remember that
okay so just don't thanks please yeah
any questions Dina remember obviously
you're a good dancer mm-hmm what kind of
dancers are gonna be you're thinking
okay so the song will definitely
up-tempo so it means I'm going to be
moving a lot a big old routine the one
thing that I hate being on stage is when
I have a dress on and if I'm in a music
video and if the dress is riding up and
it's uncomfortable so you can bear that
in mind okay no riding up no rising up
of dress Alex where's the location for
music video oh it's gonna be in a
warehouse she's gonna be on sewing
action in a warehouse I know you've got
under ten minutes to do this challenge
okay the clothes are under here this is
all you have to use that is it so get
rummaging little at Thank You that exam
she is well you better get to work
pretty quick cause like I said less than
10 minutes after break we've got fashion
tips from our mentor Alexis Knox and
later a performance from Tinchy Stryder
and Dappy we will see you in a bit
