hi again I'm just going to show you now
how to do the volumize look with one of
these famous volumizing flower clips but
they're really hard to hold up but I put
a link on my page to that allisonandjeff
shop where they've actually got them I
don't know if they've got them in
figures this this was actually a bit too
big for the model but whatever looks
have to use it anyway all you got do for
this and you do the opposite you try
your hand a really low bun depending on
how big the clip is and this one's quite
big so you in quite a little bun and and
I just wear a bandana like we did
earlier if you want to wear earrings the
earrings on like we did earlier not
gonna bother now them and then just get
the clip it's like a big flower and for
the claw in the middle you can see it is
black just unclear it like that
and then you just klore it on the back
again sometimes it's actually huge on
her head but if you wear a heavy
material scarf it will flatten it down
and it won't this big like my is huge so
sometimes I'm like you just got just
squeeze it up squeeze it anyway
so that's a flower clip like that then
just get another scuffle got a nice tie
dye one so you get these stuff anywhere
you want normal pashmina to go with nice
ones and revive at this one from
internet they've got a really good ones
in TK maxx a lot and then just do what
we did before devoted before get one
short sure end this was quite a big scar
so I'm just going to do it quick
yeah if you like 3d who need you let the
messy look just like fold it fold it a
few times just do it messy like just pin
to by there and Electr point can't you
pin on the sides like that bring it
round again a long fight around over a
big beehive head this is just way too
big that squish it down and just do the
whole drapey thing again
sort out on your face you want to point
if you want to show the bandana in that
only shop they sell we nice striking my
nose you do the lace thing as well well
I feel where the flowers are so much
easier but like I said they're really
hard to get older which is why did the
other look and if they're too big is
that it really doesn't it so depends
just flip around but it's just as
effective and it's so much easier so
really do trying it all the one but if
you have a lot then just do the other
way that's that I'll probably do some
mortgages next week or something now
that I have my perfect model probably do
some more next week of like other style
tell my sister does it that sort of
thing but still then I'll put some
pictures up as well of more scoffs I
make with her wearing lips and she'll be
the model but still event see your
MyPage special
