hi guys basically right about two weeks
ago I gave in to something really bad
I'm actually a little bit ashamed I
clicked on a romwe romwe advert sorry
I'm getting terrible flashbacks I
clicked on one of their adverts because
they just pop up anything I go on on the
internet any website any bloody anything
there's a wrong way out there or there's
one there well they're even all there
they're just bloody everywhere before I
knew it I'd spent about 300 to 350
pounds it's in dollars so I just slept
with your brain even more so obviously I
thought I'd open it with you guys on
camera and see if this is any good a lot
of it is catered to a smaller petite
figure I'm not petite I'm big you know I
got I got Tings so anyway I hope to do
God some of this stuff is nice because
online it looked great
I've already had a bad sign and that is
this arrived by itself and then
everything else came in a big box a week
later that to me is not a good sign why
didn't I order that it's a green and
mustard pinstripe top and it has a
little popper here it's got no tag or
anything see that that is a bit of a
sweet sign I can't remember why I
ordered this but I liked the gathering
detail at the front and I like that when
I have nice trousers that have a nice
crotch area forget she got me handy my
nobody way Oh heavy hey hey he's got no
stress my arms are killing good fall
right let's do the first thing it's this
great big jacket okay alright time to
get dirty I thought this was long
it looks quite short which tells me that
they lied on the way why does it say
Shane on it did I would off Shane Oh
wrong way
Shane and wrong way are the same company
and is she in by the way she and Shane
oh the home is sick isn't it oh the
pockets are talking you've got blood do
you have I'm not gonna feel anything in
there I like the sleeves
and I like the hood
sure about anything else though it'd be
handy if we had a full-length mirror
really it'd be handy if it was wrong
with she in she out now seeing as we're
on jackets let's open up this other
jacket I got the buttons they feel like
they're gonna break okay what's this
this doesn't have a tag seat so I don't
know what this is but I did order off
wrong way he's just the first thing was
she in this jacket is a large K right
let's put it on I mean I can feel the
cheapness of it it's all it's like I
made it guys it's like I start here in
the attic got some fabrics and I made it
that's what it feels like but it's quite
a nice jacket isn't it I'm gonna wear
this I like this guys I'm still a bit
baffled about the she in jacket that we
first tried on because obviously I
ordered off wrong way but you know
what's funny I have been getting loads
of emails from she in of them wanting to
send me a bunch of clothes and me make a
YouTube video of it but I haven't
accepted by the way I really did buy all
this stuff I didn't accept that because
obviously they'd want a good review and
I just wanted to do an honest one not a
good one okay next jacket oh hey go just
tank in this one
this says fast fashion online is that
another website we should check that out
later
well I ordered this great puffer jacket
this one feels a bit more like I'm not
gonna rip it up okay there's no tank
might as well order from Alibaba at this
rate I'm sorry to think it's all the
same thing although it's all the same
thing
well I was definitely made in China
joiner how much did you pay for that
jacket I don't know there's no receipt
so remind me they do that on purpose
otherwise you get depressed just got
lipstick on at all the hood is this
black zip business isn't nice but it
looks nice you know that's alright I'll
go with my chair one okay you know what
not gonna lie so far the three jackets
are not bad the last two better than
that we at first she in one okay how is
that extra-large please somebody tell me
how that isn't even gonna how is that
extra large I'm going to try an old
that's a piece you feel it feel it it
feels like when you get plastic curtains
from Ikea that's gross man that fabric
that's all I wanted a last strike I
realize what the heck do you order what
is that this was it is Lumia base
yeah I figured out Romney isn't a brand
romwe is a site hosts all these cheap
little brands obviously I wouldn't wear
it with this buckshot flippin Lord
Voldemort goes and plays baseball I do
like the colors oh my god oh my god oh
my god if you are five six and you wear
between a 10 to 12 UK not sure I never
fit into that Hannah's dressing gown so
it all right pull you Detroit oh my god
finally ordered jeans why would I order
jeans
well I'm brave why did I what are these
would you reckon to be honest with you I
reckon I would wear them it's just the
top button and zip they go up you know
if I do a lunge they'll rip ah bright
skies
Oh unless you can't even breathe cover
those bees oh that's cute it's a cat
jumper I know she thought we was gonna
be like sweater fabric this is like a
t-shirt fabric yeah I mean I'm basically
gonna wear it in the house I'm probably
not gonna wear it out because the fabric
is too thin and it's clearly not big
enough like I like my sweaters really
baggy and way past my butt I'm out of
breath ah there's another fast fashion
online tag this is a sweatshirt no this
is a jumper where's the net if it was
bigger it could actually be quite a nice
jumper with it with a shell this looks
like it's gonna be another house jumper
not going well so far is it what this is
a black hoodie jacket the zip goes all
the way up right there's no tagging here
as usual then what happens this is
wearable what do you reckon guys that's
a little good traveling hoodie it's like
a bomber hoodie these are like sock
trainers I thought they looked really
cool online let me know don't lead to
eye socks they're quite comfortable
well good Ally I wouldn't wear them with
these jeans but I think I'd actually
wear these do I need to sit down you
think you're so cool right got another
hoodie here guys that feels like t-shirt
fabric I swear I thought I ordered this
without a hit though it's come with a
hood that could probably look quite nice
with these don't you think oh they just
smacked his head
I was a crack ooh you're right look baby
I'm not some sense into ya
it's not gonna be long enough but if I
wear it with like a skirt or something I
could probably wear this out listen
though the fabric on everything is
bloody horrific what is there yeah looks
quite handy you know around the house
when I go to my in-laws but it oh my god
they did not look like this online this
is basically legging with fleecy shorts
over the top no this shoe I can't wear
this
let me just put these here and open up
the second pair of trousers I got right
so these are a bit a better fabric
they're not fleecy okay so these are the
skirt trousers I got it looks so tiny
though that's not even even go up man I
ordered these in the biggest size
possible they're so tiny guys if these
look alright I could wear it up this
nice chevron hoodie and the sock
trainers that would look quite cool
actually
you're really standing like Samurai Jack
aren't you oh you guys they went up with
lots of struggle and says help
well I'm hiding the crotch area cuz
there's a few bulges here that I don't
think are inappropriate for you guys to
see if they were basically one size
bigger
I would really wear these out
unfortunately they're not and this is
the bigger size so this website clearly
isn't for me
I want to see you wear these babies so
these are basically leggings with fleecy
shorts over the top very very warm how
do they look sit do you know we do this
in basketball
we're very liking the new long shorts
you know when you wear leggings
obviously you like them nice and high
and like fitting in the crotch the
leggings for these shorts are like down
here
they put lycra leggings with some cheap
ass fleecy shorts like it did not look
like this on the website
it's literally leggings assures we have
another pair of shoes guys these look
promising on the back they say a ier
fashion err fashion London London that's
a lie these are good I can wear these
really into shoes with socks I like this
they're they're good thick best thing
right what does the other black thing
I've got I heard a white oh my god it's
a obeying a ready guys
flower sleeves
could literally rip off but we don't rip
them off but I would so wear this in the
house that's not my bag I'll keep that
for the house that's handy
I thought you a nice shirt guys I like
that that's a good shirt that you don't
have to say a million times because it's
just unbelievable
Oh trousers I got me sup some trousers
that aren't gonna fit obviously the
trousers are so small
I recently lost weight as well than nice
they go over your legs Dina not your
arms I remember now
I ordered these thinking they look
really nice with these shoes which they
would with me but they're just not gonna
fit this which it feels like tissue
paper
sant√© feel thirds is one more thing left
looks like a classic blue shirt oh this
looks good
oh I could totally wear this this is
nice this is an extra extra large huh
must have been the only thing that has
double X you see this with tan shoes and
just some simple jeans would look really
nice wouldn't it that was the last thing
guys let's just put in a pile stuff I'm
keeping on keeping this shirt I'm
keeping this shirt I am keeping this
dress are they who do you think I am
keeping these shoes I am keeping this
I'm keeping the cheaper there yeah I am
gonna keep these babies I am I'd love to
keep these jeans but they just ain't
never gonna fit so I am keeping this I
am keeping of a great papa jacket and I
am keeping this whatever jackets and I
am keeping this Jackie I'm keeping all
the jackets I'll keep it on jackets so
think I could make that work so I think
it might keep it what no I'm not keeping
that look I'm not looking back that's it
guys at least now you know if you are my
size my height or similar wrong way or
she in is not really the place for you
to shop the stuff does not look like it
does on the on on the website whatsoever
it is all really cheap stuff but I don't
think it's worth it some of the jackets
are okay but it's not worth it because
you can't go into the high street and
get stuff for really similar for very
similar prices and try it on rather than
go through all the faff I'm really out
of breath I'm gonna wrap this video up
go get a drink and I'll see you on my
next one we should be tomorrow
fingers crossed bye
