morning guys I just had a shower I'm
feeling fresh and fandub you dozy I'm
saying that you like I barely have
showers anyway
it's true I bet me I shower today is a
day where we don't really have to do
anything we don't really have to go
anywhere I thought why don't I film a
day in the life of me doing absolutely
nothing
how does that sound do you like it what
do we have to do today said I mean I
know I said we have to do nothing but
there's always something to do obviously
I know I need to wash the dishes mm-hmm
I know need to moisturize my face and we
also got a delivery of prints that we
need to choose and hang up in this room
Syd
yeah maybe you could open it and we can
choose on camera with you guys where to
put what that's the good start to this
vlog let's do that oh I was thinking but
no he says Syd moving bloody box shot my
tracksuit it's just so like a men's
regular one and I got it from Butte when
I went to visit my grandma said
basically guys I want to do this wall
over there
full of prints but we don't know yet so
I'll show you this is our dining table
and that wall over there I think we
should put a few because I think it'd
look really nice I'm told you wear these
prints are from there from dicenio-- and
basically they do crazy amazing prints
and the choice is literally forever so
we spent 800 G's just having a little
sniffle guys caps and boxes is actually
hilarious like they're actually
upsetting my head well that was a sad
situation this is Hannah's room so
that's not gonna go up there this is
another one that I picked for Hannah's
room who decided we are gonna sit here
and frame every single one of them and
then decide what is gonna go on this
wall see you in a minute
guys we have frames almost all of them
there are a few more that we've had to
put back in the box to get other frames
for but we will show you those when we
do those in another vlog how amazing do
they all look spread out Syd what are
you planning on putting on the wall I'm
thinking let's try this one along with
this one over here what about doing that
guys this is what we've decided on so
far for this wall so we both agreed to
just keep these three up and then come
back to it maybe in the morning or
something with the fresher mind
potentially I might stick up a mirror or
something basically put a few more
frames on this wall but this will be it
for now anyway I'll leave the link in
the description for does any Oh prints
for you guys to check them out yourself
in case you want to have a browse that
prints through your own house I am gonna
finally get to washing those dishes
another thing we're gonna get ready to
go pick up Hanna
so Sid's like wow it looks so nice from
in-between these lights in between
because the lights are there this is the
view I've got see you see a bit of light
and then you did prints in in the corner
and then you see a bit of print this
coming through you see that to me that
looks kinda nice probably put some
clothes on and things like that
oh I realized we are just eating
anything on camera but before I showered
I had some persimmon fruits and Hannah's
leftover cheese sandwich from last night
oh sure guys I am actually our breath to
be honest with you haven't been feeling
very well so anyway most days during the
week I either have to be somewhere or
we've got a lot of work to do at home
but today we literally like had like a
morning of catching up on emails and
making some amendments to some projects
and then that was it I'm sometimes when
that happens I feel really guilty
because Hannah's in nursery obviously so
that we can get work done but because
our weeks and days are never the same I
mean I could always get extra work done
today but in my head I'm like well
nothing needs to be done today then I'll
just do nothing
tomorrow is Friday because it's the last
day of the week before the weekend and
it's the last day that Hannah's industry
I know me and said basically we'll have
a shit on
to wrap up for the week so it's nice
well I mean I'm basically explaining
this to you guys because I feel guilty
so I'm trying to reassure myself that
it's fine once in a while to really not
do anything I am just going to put on
this facial oil but I have to moisturize
my face I always on my face when I not
going to be wearing makeup for the day
if I am gonna be wearing makeup
sometimes I still oil in my face but it
will just be a lot less that's all
and then I'm actually gonna put on this
organic castor oil on my lashes which
normally I should do at night before I
sleep but if I'm honest with you I've
just been falling asleep before being
able to moisturize or anything you could
also put on your eyebrows to help with
you know hair growth but I don't
actually want more hair growth for my
about step I'm good I've just put my
turban on any old towel for you guys
just so I can fill in my eyebrows with
yeah just to give me a bit of brow it's
pretty much me on most days this is
don't you know make up and just fill in
my brows a bit like no one believes me I
barely go anywhere guys I only go places
when those places to go but this weekend
my mum is coming to London and it's uses
birthdays so it should be a fun weekend
so maybe I look half decent on the
weekend actually that would be a change
yeah that literally do finality what the
hell I'm going to wear to look half
presentable mm-hmm guys I feel really
ill not gonna lie I like suddenly feel
really ill like actually I don't want to
go with it to pick up an eyelash you
just want to like go into bed but I
should really go with him but you know
what that means that you means black
hoodie day as usual but please just use
this messy-ass drawer but it has a
mixture of pyjamas and like house
clothes so I'm gonna get these black
Joker's out why they say crease no I was
folding them so that they don't crease
so that I can just wear them all the
time now I can't get dammit
what is this okay I've decided guys I'm
not going with hits pick up Anna I'm
gonna stay home trying to edit video
potentially write something on my blog
actually about something that popped up
in the news today which is interesting
and I think I'm also gonna cook dinner
let's see why I can make without looking
at any recipes and just look and get
shit in the kitchen you haven't seen me
eat or drink anything today I open the
fridge and I saw this apple juice so I'm
gonna have loads of it
it is apple juice it sort of ice it's a
bit called in in supermarket well we'll
world foods
we're very cultural in this household we
love all the cultures we do and we
appreciate them all by eating their
foods you know I said I was gonna cook
dinner guess what it's gonna be great
sir so it just goes to me why don't we
outside about you crazy literally though
they went to supermarket and bought all
the foods anyway I found dates in the
cupboard I'm eating them they start
wondering why I'm so doomed in it would
be an interesting perspective last
evening I'm gonna get to cooking by the
way I've just put the scarf on top of my
turban because it's a bit cold
you're gonna start cooking so I am going
to coast then to quick good job tutorial
for you guys when you're around but in
the hearse okay right let's get cooking
shall we
I'm not gonna tell you what I'm making
but it can be a surprise I'll just let
you kind of watch me I'll put you up in
the mug shelf I don't want to see any
ingredients obviously I'm gonna cook a
feast you're cooking dinner yeah is that
dinner she's just gonna have cheese
almost people are gonna be like oh why
doesn't this bitch just clean and clean
her house and cook bitch just keeps
burning butter being dead you just
fucking leave it yeah because I like to
break stereotypes on a daily because
women clean the house well guess what
this one fucking doesn't
and there we have it ladies and
gentlemen
what have I made for dinner I've made a
cheese board cheese board for one also
who the hell has cottage cheese on a
cheese board Deena does and what is that
you might ask guess what it is it's a
bit of potato salad doesn't go with it
but I really want it and then obviously
we've got all these grapes I'm not gonna
eat all of those
maybe then we've got a few crackers
let's get started on eating this and
then they'll have actual dinner when
Hannah comes home yeah
sit down Hana right back or just
believing on my face that's gone red I
always wait there's knock on the door ha
ha what did you do today
what you want a biscuit yeah yeah it's
like a baby toast you want a date yeah
ok do you need the biscuit first yes you
want to want them at the same time don't
you well there's a food in the fridge
but we're not eating anything now that
was published a food I know I supposed
to have that after dinner should we save
it for after thank you let's save it for
later
good girl
basically guys
I ate did you just see that moving in
there well over basically guys I ate too
much cheese board
so I'm actually full to the brim so I
might have dinner later but I'll just
sit with Hannah and papa
anyway well you're just gonna you're
just gonna end up in just yoga and then
we want to just put you yogurt in a pot
you know you meet you
hey there you go that's enough
she's got to see Ronnie wait it makes in
sighs we'll eat it with the rice and
chicken doctor No all right let's go all
this yogurt here because I what about
properly Buckley oh you do it God don't
lose it now
lose it don't lose it don't lose it ah
high five give me five yeah
a piece like this piece oh look two
fingers you saying please a piece please
please in my house
peace peace peace good girl please look
just these two but just these two would
you like to come in yeah sure so we've
just been playing for about an hour and
a half in Hannah's bedroom and I've just
come downstairs now to make her a bottle
a while said this had teeth brushed so
yeah and then it's almost the end of the
day basically I basically almost fell
asleep while I was waiting for said -
but Hannah's bed I almost fell asleep -
it was her sleep what are you got there
I'm lovingly looking at these cowardly
lies salted you know just he just always
somehow accidentally manages so like
have a danger it's not even it's not
even like it's planned like you just
always have like some kind of date you I
think I'm gonna have an ice cream I
don't look so henge buff we look really
henge
oh let me just embrace it um so anyway
yeah I think we're gonna end of the vlog
okay you shut up oh I think we're gonna
end the vlog here guys gonna watch a bit
of telly before I knock out pretty much
and I really hope you enjoyed this
random day with us the vlog and if you'd
like to see more of this kind of thing
every once in a while then you know just
let us know by liking and commenting on
the video
and sharing and watching but we won't
know if people share it because you
don't get one interfacial round yeah
have you noticed my views have been
really dead recently buff I don't even
know why it's really annoying it's like
YouTube sometimes like plays with your
mind because I get so like oh if I don't
keep my views consistent and the last
week or two weeks my views have been
pretty crap compared to what my usual
achievement is um but it's fine it's
fine
we'll just hopefully ride it out and
hopefully the visa will come back if
they don't then I'll just have to be
having less views I guess and so anyway
yes thanks for watching I'll see you on
my next video
till next time bye we're matching yes
ash that couple of goals
