Dina all right wicked we've come to
stoke-on-trent to meet Delia who is a
power lifter and she's a Muslim one in a
high chair but that so I find that
fascinating
actually met Dahlia I think twice before
she's a friend of friends and she's
really cool a lot of the reason us
ladies Muslim ladies don't go to the gym
Stern all the health wear because you
want to be comfortable you wanna work
out but you want to be modest to get
oh goodness imitating yeah even for you
Giles isn't it look you should show dial
book even for dials that is intimidating
that he is our regular white man so just
tell me a bit about yourself like I'm 25
I'm half Lebanese and half Syrian my
dad's from Lebanon and I was born in the
UK I'm a British Muslim how did you get
into powerlifting I still don't even
know so while I was at uni I made a new
year's resolution 2011 oh my god you're
you're a new year's resolution I am I'm
a New Year's resolution er our January
Jim Joyner
a friend of mine told me that they were
starting weight lifting classes at the
gym
we had like a coach who was a former
Iranian Olympic lifter that coach really
inspired me as well because he was like
wow you're like a Muslim female with a
job and you're gonna be like lifting and
weightlifting and you're gonna be doing
competitions you really push me into
doing competitions as well so he's like
really behind me
my mum's a very strong woman she always
gave me height like a lot responsibility
from a young age kind of built up my
character yeah so from beginning you
don't take from nobody yeah you
can't you can't compare yourself to men
because their Anatomy is completely
different and like I'll never ever be
like a man like in my physique or my
strength or anything and there was no
females to compare myself to you were
like the bottle I was saying the bench
Margaret yeah when I first started in
powerlifting they didn't even have a
rule
what like a modest outfit would be for
lifting because there's there's a lot of
regulations around what you can and
can't wear I'm going to touch with them
and email them and I said like it's fine
as long as you like where the rest of
the the kit kind of like over the top of
whatever you want to wear underneath
when you're like doing these
competitions it's all about how much you
can lift no one cares about what you
look like
you know what makeup you're wearing what
makes you're not wearing like it's just
like here's the way can you lift it and
as you can and that's bloody good
so a lot of people be like what's the
point if you've got cover up your body
anyway that is the very point like why
why do you need to be on display let
people wonder what's underneath it's
more mysterious luckily I think we're in
an age where it's really easy to take
your clothes off if you want to it's way
too easy it's the easier thing to do
yeah it's it's just like oh I want
popularity he'll show a bit of skin it's
only fair he's making me do this anyway
he does it
this guy over here Joe probably never
encountered a Muslim lady in her debt
before hug me on greeting awkward thing
ever because I had to go to comply not
to be redone
like wearing those headphones not easy
it's yeah lovely
everyone will know yeah and especially
like in everywhere there's not so many
Muslims like you stand out for sure yeah
it was difficult and I had like those
moments I was I don't want to wear
anymore and all this yeah and like so I
lost a lot of self-confidence and then I
felt like the gym gave me that back
because I'm like well and what if you're
looking like yeah you know can you go
and bench things do you yeah Jim you
literally are like in your element so
you've had a really positive experience
like on this power lifting journey so
far yeah mostly yeah I guess there's one
incident which happened to qualify for
an international competition I was just
about to go out and do my first squat
attempt because you start with squats
one of the kind of presidents of the
Federation like March is over it's like
you can't lift and I was like I said
like I don't wear this for fun like this
is a religious thing yeah and he was
like no I like I won't have it literally
I like burst into tears yeah I was like
on my last nerve everyone who was there
who was also lifting or not lifting or
supporting they were like so supportive
the man in question did come over and
apologized afterwards he said he didn't
realize it was for a religious but he
imagined even if it wasn't for religious
reasons like what yeah big deal if you
yeah more covered anyway I did go on to
to break the deadlift world record
really yeah for my age and weight so I
was like if anything that is my win
do you have an arm-wrestle for my
credibility is just okay crazy
one two three go you'll do nothing on
I'll let you do nothing on your you'll
let you do nothing on it and I'm putting
my all in like I'm just pushing you back
you serious yeah okay kill me off just
kill me off
I stopped doing sports and stuff when I
was younger because I put the scarf on
and I felt like I look like an idiot
really I just felt stupid man but I felt
like if you look cool in your gear stuff
you then you're already because let's
face it if you look good you feel good
and then you're confident like course
Fashion Week starts tomorrow but is the
fashion statement yo I'm gonna buy one
what would you say to like any girls who
might be like thinking about it but just
can't take that first step that you need
to start you know I mean I'd just say
maybe if you feel intimidated take a
friend you can hire laughs at least like
if you make a complete fool of yourself
you've got someone to laugh with yeah I
only stepped into there today because I
knew you were gonna be there I feel like
just watching you is gonna push a lot of
girls to just start the gym I hope so
just the gym in general yeah like never
mind powerlifting phone yeah or a sport
like what it's fine some things that you
really really enjoy like you might not
find it first time go to like and the
great thing is you get to meet people
you know what I'm really impressed
oh thank you yeah it's been really good
to watch you and hear like a really
positive experience especially with
something like like it's so different
Thanks
so wouldn't think a Dahlia Dahlia has a
very very positive experience and very
positive story and it's nice to hear
that she's very headstrong you know I
mean she had a very positive outlook on
life even if she experiences something
quite negative I think if you're
generally positive you overlook a lot of
the negative things that might happen to
you because you just generally don't
have time in your life at her arm you
know are Haram means her arm is
forbidden
hi guys and well I've touched a man in
it come on John long term failure yes it
jokes relax I'm really confusing these
white men
you
