this is the star of my blog guys see me
double you see how someone you don't
even know what happened so far guys were
going to pie sitting in the front row in
the blackjack show anyway we were
supposed to get on a train to Paris
theorists are at 10:24 we were about
five minutes too late for them to let us
in so we've changed the train to 12
trillion Fogle yeah and we've decided
we're not coming back till tomorrow but
we don't have anywhere to stay yet so so
if you're a hotel in Paris I'm going
down plongee go to the pool sampling
Gucci showcasing a pro special week and
she invited me and I was like hell yeah
issues wide Musil got my witch's boots
on
only on guys let's just go together as
we managed to swap with somebody got
lucky there here's our and he's just
going to the seat and he's just
okay is we still don't know its name to
my and our you're starting tomorrow
so if anyone know it's a Blanca day
the venue for today's showdown baloney
show let's go in house are still paying
the man
oh please why you driving off oh shit
don't pick up my brother bran guys
you're just trying to get inside cuz
we're still a
guys the show just finished I said Yan
was wicked mean her so just come out
like quickly before it gets out to try
get some outfit pictures then we're
gonna go back here for dinner and then
hope you guys did see an fancy car but
was featured on hasn't snapchat oh shut
up
and there's D and guys
Photography duties look at the hotel
guys Fashion Week don't mess about yeah
how did you find your first fashion show
mine constant also called Paris Fashion
Week and of course the Paris Fashion
Week in bands yeah I'd do my thing you
address how you want to dress from don't
let all these people tell you how late
are you in Perris jump attracts fairies
cause don't fall guys we just sitting
here for dinner and I just took about
hop now trying to find the loo anyway
and then I got talking sit
yeah but her YouTube channel is porn
yeah oddly I'll show you it because she
does something really different here
this is alia she talks about fashion
things I - based in France you're French
with a bit of a twist and this is really
relevant to my crease for change project
that's coming out because it's actually
really interesting
basically dancing videos featuring
different looks and she's just showing
me I just thought it's super cool you
have to go check it out
I'll show you a clip now but you have to
go and check out her channel this is
like obviously your passion is it how
long have you been dancing for and when
did you start wearing her Jeff
congratulations it's amazing that she is
still managing to do what she loves
at the same time wave layout so let's
have a look
nice footwork fancy footwork who's that
Oh sue everyone over to you have a good
booze then check her out guys
I like the low thing I'll leave it in
the description we're gonna eat now
Cass is sitting over here with the lads
all right handsome what did you order me
nice I'm getting a resort we go for sure
in my later Mike straight after yeah
soon as I'm done
yeah all right chilly the only good time
has see chilly with the boys guys we're
done
lovely seeing everyone well done today
I'm Frankie as usual we are now gonna
attempt to walk into the hotel I've
booked really quickly but we haven't
checked in yet and I've just got this
bad feeling that they're not gonna let
us check in or something and Megan seal
the cancellation didn't happen anyway I
mean hasn't thought we'd good the
octopus have a little look at this right
yes oh there it is ladies and gentlemen
I think I came here last time like three
years ago and I always think oh why
should I go to Paris is boring and then
I come in I'm like it's amazing Wow
in Paris yeah we don't mess about yeah
lighten up with the love yeah she is
that boy got my camera day trips to
Paris oh can we do runway can you put my
out there yeah
they're nicely pirates love me
guys we've decided we're gonna get the
tube do you want to get out of that
fucking no-good shop we're gonna be
French I'm always gonna get on the metro
probably cool if we can figure out
anyway just get two kids what fuck which
one right we need the one for Disney
no look all murmur - she's at the first
one so no no hold on well we don't know
if it is go back to meet them really -
yeah next bitches again I guess do it
again I hope it's the right one though
right now no single day - by the way
guys this whole trip is on us and well
it was actually on D and blindly but
then all the expenses on Hass and
tickets on the cute cute ere we oh my
god because they know what they're doing
here look at three bars or one two three
nobody wants to share germs the most
awkward thing in London is ending up
doing about we put one so guys we got
the tube and somebody's either getting
married or do in a ferris shit I don't
know why something to do a photoshoot in
the evening so no subverts you a wedding
but congratulations either way alone we
checked in their Tower and then we were
like yo where's the supermarket with
clothes man because I've got to tell you
that we weren't planning on staying the
night so technically I didn't really
have any clothes with me so we were like
we need to go find the cheapest outfit
so basically I found a menaced tracksuit
and these trainers and it's like the
cheapest thing and hats is buying the
exact same thing so tomorrow we're
pretty much gonna be matching cuz I
don't want to be wearing this tomorrow
might be a leave me anyway we're back in
the hotel I'm so hungry because
basically we ate dinner with you but
hasser decided to eat most of my plate
oh this reminds me of Egypt it's sort of
matter how like how someone's this
morning was like the owner should stay
the night and I was just like yeah okay
then fine cuz I don't have Hannah with
me so like all of a sudden these last
minute kind of things like staying the
night in another country my life with no
other clothes that you know don't even
seem like a big deal because I don't
have Hannah with me
so like nothing is trivial anymore
compared to when you're with your kids
which is quite fun because like when
you're without your kids you're actually
a lot more spontaneous guys this room is
tiny probably says coffee in the road so
what's the sleeping arrangements Hasson
you're obviously on Oh marble I do oh
that's nice the puna toilets nice you
know why you're gonna ruin it with poo
there's a half - to tell you that
guys I just changed real quick into the
tracksuit I just bought look I'll
explain I don't know there's actually no
mirror here at the trainer's it cost 40
euros for the top and the trousers
brilliant alright if you have me nice
nice nice I get a bunch and I'm gonna
come over you're gonna have something
basic mate burger
the good thing you're very safe you know
playing safe gonna try to snow but as
the please arrived and the people next
to us a proper I know like then for real
looking this way if I was ruthless I
just turn the camera to them but I but
just that you know they're ruthlessly
staring over those I'm very happy might
be wondering why we're sitting down
again focus down with Hasson obviously
he's gonna take me to DC Chicago Beach
is a pitch
yuck yuck going back to the hotel now
rise to sleep on the floor with a
blanket no hassle sleeping on the floor
hassles gone in for another poo I got to
show you guys look how narrow this
bloody corridor is I can't even put both
arms out straight like you see there
with my feet so actually first aerobic
and there's only know one window here
really high ceilings fine windows it
just face like there's other hotels but
freaking out look how narrow that shit
it's bringing me out man I just noticed
this stuff is this obviously not for a
boy this is free no can't be oh there
must be because the stuff in the fridge
is obviously not free
what is it for it no obviously not that
stuff is not free but that stuff is
maybe I don't know if it'll stay what's
this in here
well please tell me you got toothbrush
shoes punished who needs a shoe sponge I
need a damn toothbrush what's this mints
was that bloody vodka who are these
three because I really want that water
hmm anyway I need to get a blanket and a
pillow out for housing cuz he's got on
the floor there we go husband's bed
morning guys
we're at the train station come on here
and say I'm wearing the clothes that we
bought from one of three and I'm very
comfortable and I'm very happy about
that and I've also got the scarf around
my neck that the airplane assisted me so
thanks Pierre you've got a nice hello
from somebody about this have you
enjoyed your time here yeah we didn't
spend much time in the hats retiring no
we didn't do 7 a.m. by the way and go
and explore but we slept we just want to
end the vlog really thanks for watching
guys let me know if you want to see me
do anything with Hassan nothin
not you no no okay bye
