I got coffee and I got it in one of
these beautiful pink Pakistani glasses
it's from tiger guys I went to a little
news agent the other day just around the
corner from us
there were crisps and sweets in there
from Pakistan they were called
Hyderabadi always hi nobody in India yes
sounds like you saying hide a body
Hyderabad is in India who's hiding a
body guys today's challenge it's a
challenge basically I saw this I think
it was in tiger your mouth looks like a
do that I can't do that this is
absolutely ingen look you can see the
inside are hollow I can't take ends mmm
I'm gonna give you some cards without
looking at them so that you can read
them and then you don't see my let me
show you guys what it says don't look at
the screen bro that's what it says okay
okay so you start so you put your
mouthpiece in and then read it out and I
gotta try and guess it oh I got to put
in you got to read out loud and I go
guess what you say okay yeah oh no I
opened up the hook oh no I same again
Oh No I'll a tuned up hook the fault
island freaky oh no I likened uh-huh
I don't know all right so this is guys
mm-hmm
okay so Dr Dee yeah huh yep huh you're
back tied down and I could sit easy what
with your backside down and listen put
your backside down and listen
help me relax I'd down and listen Park
your backside down and listen and listen
you look like the predator that side
down and listen put your backside down
listen oh my god go away it was just
long hello pop oh I'm gonna save you
guys it says don't look down luck dinner
Shepard's hi did he perhaps Shepherd's
have so has higher youthful eyes I don't
like this guy you're scaring me
Shepherd's hi is he
perhaps Shepherds high with hehahaha
high shepherd's pie yeah what yeah what
yeah wait please
shepherd's pie with cheese please
shepherd's pie with cheese please
ha ha shepherd's pie with cheese please
shepherd's pie with peas perhaps is what
he was saying
groans man okay this is what it says
okay hold on
high knees high hold on guys how knows
hi hey little hairs have nose here hold
ah dad hi
no use her polar bears have nose hair
okay I'm gonna show you this life is
going okay under Hardy like I it's been
akka under hunger your life is the
locker the hunter you know why are they
are con the hunter gotta fly fly fly
high fly high try it sounds alike why
why yeah why is there a vodka on the
parking lot why is that
raka raka raka Parker blocker welcome
raka raka
wanker okay I can't give you three
blocker
why is that marker oh no pantry freaked
me out
I'm hungry not hungry pantry wall why is
the pantry wall as I say my lifestyle is
no nice I got my Woody's all good
evening
no okay current in a highly high tree
current air highly hair tree do you pick
some crappy ones probably good it know
you got a little porridge he said pear
tree you can't do to Dina
no okay ready I'm drooling this is good
- delicious
mm-hmm no Sally hidden eggs outside no I
can just talk really go no Scully didn't
die so tight
outside that I got nice early eggs
outside right gasps oh no smelly bin
bags outside my god your car use it in
the car hold hooks okay put your car
music in the Thousand Oaks oh I don't
know
young choir music in the powerful rocks
yokai music in the careful hooks put
your cry music but your car using the
rocks
put your crying music I got put your
choir music no put your car under link
put your crying music I know put your
in the car horn honks put your choir
music in a purple box
I just clearly well and you speak like
an idiot are you out there long that's
why no this is the last one cuz I gotta
go pick up happened go so loser
well you haven't do be a sore loser I'm
guessing okay okay stop at luck at nine
I see enough to cheat in hey dear Tina I
see you're either on during okay yeah ha
no seriously don't let Wow Elba me don't
look Tina don't look okay you guys got
that okay
your sup still knocks big deals go
slowly your socks go watch great feel
your socks too much big deal guys close
your eyes you choose not cuz your eyes
hey baby baby hi okay Nene bought
monopoly by to the blanket monopoly mmm
mmm mmm mmm mmm Phoebe hi today on cakes
but not keep I know good naki pasta good
night a day
it's hard naughty hi uncle
Oh Nene boy would not keep a to the
banquet yes my naki that's all nothing
it's like some kind or nothing it's on
your thing no she know she even know
yeah are you sure
Rafi Nene poppin off is by to the
banquet mm mm really mm really mm Nene
me me yeah me me
mmm maybe bro but not be pie to the
banquet that's it guys have been to that
video it was good fun see y'all next one
