morning guys me and said are going to
Westfield Shopping Center I thought
while we're there let me put this man to
work I'm gonna give him like an hour to
basically shop for an outfit for me I
need an outfit but battery in the week
and I thought that could be quite funny
because then I could actually wear it
said did you know that I'm putting you
to work today yeah
pay attention oh okay hi guys we're here
in Westfield life is your budget is a
video looks like a defeated man who
walking into the rightness all right I'm
not gonna guide you in any way
whatsoever so I'm going in till his eyes
so for I uh picked up anything yeah
in you go an hour make you look at it
accuses little boxes just walk straight
bastard
guys he's missing so much good shoot
right now like it's gonna say like even
there for God's sakes
listen I'm not in Turkey how do you feel
about those sit quietiy they always are
we did it
pyjamas with
chicken feathers
he's going for these preventive booties
I will tell you my shoe size I'm a size
six cuz we can't be getting that wrong
in about to feel no pain you know what
they say about girls who wear red shoes
red knickers
please don't make me look like a right
to it please remark just a white Oh
well that's interesting I never have
flipping school probably booze okay okay
medium make a decision sit young got
long left interesting I'm gonna get
these how much your red boots
he's alright what I'm saying for you to
get them but I mean in general guys how
cute these earrings $12.99 so you've got
about do we have a budget for you to
wear one of these one of those things
booze bag but he's trying to get me a
street style shot that's like I'm gonna
buy this bag with the look and then
freakin right testicle value on it okay
put it in the shopper bag I'm putting a
bag in a bag
I'm never witness they think I've been
gone over by that baby
I don't mind yeah 62 pounds in mine but
I I added a top in there for me anyway
which is about 20 quid and I also added
this hat yes good you probably spent
about 140 lever which is fully powers
and way over budget so Sid I really hope
this looks good because availability on
the way out yes she did pick up a jacket
to match as well so let us put on acid
whoa hot oh my god sorry about that mess
in the kitchen let's get more doo doo
doo doo gone pose Oh with the jacket it
looks hot come on
did I do a good job yeah yeah I'm doing
doo doo doo doo so this is it guys this
is the full look I actually really like
it
however I'm not sure if I actually have
the guts to go out like this
but my excuse is Fashion Week so really
anything goes in Fashion Week you could
be wearing a frickin sofa and people
will be like
what do you guys think should I wear
this right if this video gets 20,000
likes I will wear this full look there
might be a few changes no no we're sick
talented a a bit of service announcement
here yeah 20 pound an hour I will style
you for your next event action we gonna
like contact me on o 7 v 3o 6 6 2 6 6 2
doesn't made up number but don't worry
about it still takes on number now I
will get replies to your number that
wasn't it if this video gets 20,000
likes then you might see that I wear
this too you better wear it I didn't
spend all that money for you to flip it
thing actually the tags are still on
this so let's return this bitch if you
don't wear it yeah
alright guys that's it hope you enjoyed
this video thanks for watching I will
see you on the next one
