hi guys I haven't been posting a lot
lately on YouTube best way to kind of
update everybody on everything is to do
a Q&A video
however Sid dearest decided that q and
A's are boring and what I should do for
this one is take a bite of a chili after
every question I've answered I don't eat
spicy I don't like it
the obviously that'll be our spices
things please first question yes min I
asked me are you pregnant no I'm not
pregnant
however are you kidding me
I can't do this there's no way I was
actually insane me right I'm not
pregnant but to be honest with you I am
now more milk than that obviously fit to
the top I'm actually ready right now to
have another baby and get pregnant but
Sid is not so all right next question
Nadia asked why didn't you sit in Hannah
go with the rest of your family to
Palestine currently my family are on
holiday in Palestine and we didn't go
well for two reasons first one to busy
right now with a few deadlines second
one I was quite wary of taking Hannah
with me and all that stuff and plus I
know that they're going to want to
explore and do a lot of stuff but I
probably wouldn't be able to do with
Hannah and so right let's try one of
these yeah because what do you mean it I
just the tiniest bite of the other one
in a freaking burn my mouth off so thank
you I'll take it
Rose said leave me alone no I will not
take a bigger bite got loads of
questions to go through don't force me
to be in pain next question mummy MooMoo
us what is the hardest thing about being
married to someone from a different
culture do your families socialize
together the hardest thing about being
married somebody from different culture
is the fact that our families don't
socialize together and
because it because it's such a different
culture you know obviously it's
difficult for the married couple but
we've managed to find a nice way to
balance our lives and private lives now
and less so next bite this tastes like a
pepper
there's no chili in this yeah this is
good something looking like that your
way to be to eat you see Donna Bella
asks how to maintain confidence despite
feeling low well if you guys have been
watching my what said why doing well
they're all the same
okay so if you guys have been watching
my Instagram stories lately I'll be
telling you I've been feeling a bit
shitty all the deadlines I've had
recently have made it really hard for me
to just concentrate on me and what I
love doing which is YouTube and being
really creative with a lot of things
I've got a lot of ideas but all the
deadlines are kind of stopping me so and
it's really hard to stay confident when
you are in that zone like there's so
many events I need to go to and a lot of
socializing I need to do that I am just
like oh I'm literally in sometimes I'm
in the state where like I don't want to
do this anymore
so to stay confident when you're in that
or to get yourself out of the rut and
what you have to do is you have to eat
loads of shit and then cry yourself to
sleep but then wake up the next morning
and be like today's a new day have a
shower work out pray but today I didn't
want to film by the way alright in fact
today I didn't want to do anything but
Sid woke up and he was like right let's
do it today we're getting shit done and
you know it's 11 o'clock now and we've
managed to do quite a lot have with it
I'm talking a lot cuz I don't want to
take a bite of this damn chili Oh
that one's gonna be a little bitch that
one I'm gonna have milk my name is dr.
buck right then taco Kouga Gaia's says
did you get dental veneers your mouth
looks different no I didn't get dental
veneers I am looking at getting my teeth
fixed very soon or not fixed because
there's nothing wrong with them but kind
of like improving my smile very soon so
you guys already know I've been doing a
lot of whitening with the Colgate expert
white toothpaste and pen but there'll be
more videos on my kind of like smile
journey later on in the year probably in
case you haven't noticed on some YouTube
adverts and stuff like that there's a
Colgate expert white advert and I'm in
the advert so comment if you've seen
that my stomach is not feeling good
already
rubber Siddiqui says how are you wow
what a nice question I tell you what
rubber like I said earlier I'm feeling a
bit shitty not gonna lie why do you want
me to take another bite of this little
bit
I'm not gonna be able to answer
questions it's just a word
this is shit video
it hurts my teeth - my teeth no fire ok
thanks
who is a great artist by the way she
always illustrates me my song says huh
what advice would you give Hannah if she
wanted to pursue a similar career as you
I'll be honest with you facts I would
tell her not to bother oh I would say to
her oh right I would say to Hannah go
for it girl
and hopefully I'd know her personality
more by then and if I felt like she
could handle kind of being online and or
in the public eye or whatever it's
called I would say go for it
but obviously I'd give her a lot of
advice in terms of what she puts out
there cuz a lot of people just go online
and they just share shit literally
there's just no reason for it which is
fine
obviously if you're looking at it from
like entertainment perspective but I
always think it's better if you want to
start kind of sharing stuff online it's
just always it's just always a better
outcome if you have something to share
something like a message you know I mean
it could be anything I don't know how to
explain this when my eyes are watering
my brain is melting and my tongue is on
fire
Sarah Abdul moolah if you were to have
another child what gender would you
prefer if I was to have another child
which is shot well I do I would be happy
with any gender as long as the big is
healthy but having said that I would
really like another girl wouldn't mind
another guy just I in fact I'd be happy
with just girls and no boys really
because from what I've seen boys are a
lot more boisterous but you never know I
could get a girl and she's bonkers so
not to fall into gender stereotypes or
anything
that's a bit less sneaky they're sneaky
they start off fruity but then it's like
then they've got needles in your mouth
the same person asked what were your
past jobs work experiences before
YouTube well I worked in a lot of cool
centers
Tesco call centre Vodafone sky Iowa sky
for ages
I was electing Primark and debenhams a
lot of those kind of zine everybody had
like a proper career job taxied
underscore sk asks do you think you
would like to continue to make youtube
videos after turning 60 I would like to
think I'm hopefully evolved from YouTube
videos maybe by then YouTube and like TV
and media would be a one platform so
then I'm doing more something more
structured maybe like presenting or
making documentaries that kind of thing
so it's a yes and a no almost
Sidra Husain asked how many attempts did
you have to pass your driving test it
took me three attempts and I parked on
my third go oh yeah feel free to ask me
questions while I'm looking Sid tell us
about your most embarrassing memories as
a kid
there's big money you didn't piss in
your brother's bra to explain that when
I was young very very young yeah below
ten yeah way below ten I used to wake up
in the middle of the night and like
sleepwalk and I went into my brother's
room who is where younger than me I
opened his drawer I sat in it like it
was the toilet and how do we and then I
proceeded to pick up a Beano comic and
white for myself with it my god
and the tip of my tongue huh my paws
this way do you instead have really bad
arguments yeah well no you living it ha
ha ha chilly chilly but why does it make
you burn look busy me is it have some
mad Agnes let me tell you in the
beginning they were very very regular
but now hum de l'air they're not regular
but when they do happen they're bloody
horrible or visit yes are you fYI I'm
not mental patient oh shut up a patient
very patient tell me I'm not patient
come on be real we're gonna have no is
Dina has arguments about nothing just
because there's nothing to you doesn't
mean there's nothing to me it's
literally nothing to everyone last
question at what age will you be showing
Hannah thank you good oh yeah make it
count Dina make it count
make it count Dina Dina make it count oh
yeah no it's not fair is it what's not
there you agreed to do this they have to
make sure that they only sell this to
over 18 year olds that shouldn't be
allowed to be sold to any kids imagine
imagine imagine seven year old can just
go buy these Chili's and imagine that
saying but the old supermarket should
have a security tag on it and only let
18 plus by Chili's like this well like
ignition oh I will not be showing Hannah
I've got my decision when Hannah gets
old then she decides she wants to have
her own account legit and she wants a
per face online that's her decision but
I'm not gonna be doing that for her
I already embarrassed her enough as a
tailmon her walking from behind talking
to me well kid like imagine I showed a
picture and everybody knows what she
looks like
poor kid what she doesn't wanna but
which doesn't want people to recognize
who she is now I'm now that Hannah will
be making the decision there's a lot of
reasons clue I have a lot of reasons why
we amuse did have a many reasons why we
don't show Hannah but that is one of
them what can I eat bread really deep
red I got there now guys I hope you
enjoyed this Q&A please leave your video
suggestions below in the comment what
you'd like to see on my channel I do
have a list this big I just need time to
film it but your suggestions are always
welcome also why do you subscribe I'd
love that my goal I now have a goal with
YouTube this I want to hit a million
subscribers by the end of the year like
ready for the new year inshallah if you
can help me do that by the way when I
get a million subscribers if I ever do I
I'm going to arrange some kind of event
or party where that my subscribers can
come obviously not all of you guys
because that's impossible
and but where a lot of my subscribers
hopefully can come and celebrate with me
and sit anyway thanks for watching Rajon
call the milk nook and all the water
look look
why you putting them there
