hi guys I'm back with another video and
this time is going to be something a bit
different for a while on my Instagram
I've been asking about the twist they're
really nice guys over at Renault
/ - me Deena you know what why don't you
give it a try everything you need to
know about the 2z they can see OG
driver's airbag disc brakes electronic
engine immobilizer electric asks in
CONUS the motor is an electric a
synchronous transmission auto battery
lithium ion oh yeah by the way is an
electric car price okay so this is the
price guys 7705 pounds and you can rent
a battery from 45 pounds a month well
what would you do that as one in this I
don't keep you waiting any longer so
without further ado what you know about
that however Commodores make just so you
know this is an advert I have with
losses or anything like that no no don't
even though I'm doing this video again
elegantly elegant the little metal on
the inside to open it
first thing we have to do obviously is
coffee but sometimes you've got this tea
but here and let suppose in kilowatt
I was looking for like you know the
handbrake is such a bitch pull it up and
then you push it down you quite a bit
strength the handbrake makes it really
quite an old cars and though it's not
really old at all let me just talk you
through the rest of the inside never
let's talk back to me I can take a
friend out I know in in the car it's
literally a bucket seat in the back and
their legs just go either side of me
which i think is amazing if I don't have
a mate I only go out with two things
either a mate oh I come home with
something charge your phone a few bits
and bobs cause my deep the hype but look
I know it's over everyone yet me liking
quirky things I really like the look of
it execute to be fair I don't feel like
immediate I feel really cool driving
let's have some phony shallowest the
road nice empty I'm going to squeeze
lemon on it is a good road
channel
Oh
you all know our mothership I turn
around and won't fit
whoa one quick nipple nipple
saravana serious driver searching
through the law to the black to room
looking at me like who dead like that
gal in the new birth car wonderful look
at the right idea
driving with the daughter
here's me imagining that lady yeah I
think I look like I could spit around in
there all day
I'm not even getting carsick you know
like if it's not really a car is it I
don't know well a bike with doors and
potential windows potential windows I
need to get me the windows if I was the
private part I'd not you need Windows
let me I me I you sleeping me
watch yourself
so the blood car I know you're having
fun and all but we got a mean to get to
we need to dispense it understand fix an
hour come on
manners oh my god I just let us my
careful one thing that annoyed me a
little bit although the doors open up
really really cool because they just
like fling up like a Batmobile when you
want to come to close them you have to
like just grab onto the bottom of the
door I would save like some kind of
other handle here that you could sell
here so you can just really confidently
close it and look just as cool clothing
as you did opening from the whole
purpose of this part to see okay well no
but you know you look like an idiot
drive in it so at least I'm you know
when you can see you're cool and look a
bit cool early make sure that definitely
happen to tell me anyway I don't think I
look like an idiot driving I think you
might look like an idiot because you're
just so much bigger it's an automatic
electric car which i think is why I find
it so much easier to drive than our
great big deep because I'm not changing
gears I'm stopping a petal this is a
dead end so let's see if I can do a
three-point turn in a one-point turn oh
this is annoying thing there's no power
steering
all right will I make it no oh oh you're
gonna make it oh my god I made it for me
it's very nippy it's maybe Nikki and
like I can't lay speaker the only thing
is that I don't feel out the cure
obviously but then you know if you are
on a moped you will feel the security
eventually that it's essentially a bike
an electric bike with a rinse and fling
it on the diffusing subscribe to talk
ibaka taxes bike but with a room feel oh
not great on the bulb though just we're
approaching the main road bid so just
get ready for the stairs and the
pointing and laughter I'm doing
take the bait
quite easily as well I had a soda yet
but my phone is plugged in so you are
sleeping so it's telling me the
directions on Google Maps not do the
speakers we can figure out - not MA it's
charging at the same time we went way in
front of me even if I can't go anywhere
without directions if I have no sense of
direction
wait actually is really worrying because
if I wants to get really lost in this
car you can only drive for about 60
miles and I've been lost for about 80 my
uncle sources out there really ya know
the only thing I can do with the P is
move it back and forth
we're like leg lengths I can't sit back
or Seymour forward or bit higher I can't
do anything like that which is a bit
annoying I wish it had like a hole there
or something that I could put my copy in
come on the Devonian drive the copier if
I just left with a coffee like I need so
much put my cookies so I was not doing
40 my health but now and been 40 he went
up the boy really easy are very very
loudly you know when you start hitting
like that 45 Costa 50 it starts rattling
like oh my god it's going to break like
oh we lips are gonna fall apart or
something right
I want to pay less on the road when I'm
going to get bus and subway
tourists I
another bonus don't swallow anyway if
that a lot of people haven't seen this
car run aground wherever we're driving
anyway so they give you away because
they'll if you want to look at the
caramel suppose you have the motor
stability like oh yeah sure because
they'll if you want to look more in the
car and then really fast so from a
passenger's point of view being in the
car 35 minutes my pub is desk and mighty
because is actually no a seat they go
here if you can see that it's not the
most comfortable thing I don't know what
a bucket be is it is a two-seater based
not really a TV I mean really why would
you your seating for is like it all my
shopping with with it drawback Dina
doesn't case you flip it love this thing
I got me on the other hand and in
central note in Destin target and I was
just trying to figure out how much it
costs of the guy he normally come to the
coffee at about three four my pounds
each
when its penetration is that know about
Devon Marcella party have to get dental
fifty fourteen fifteen pounds that could
potentially be 14 pounds a day if we
have to go in every day
I'm fine parking so good luck with that
you want me to drive into fun free
singing oh this is unconventional I get
one who wants me to do you want this to
like not park like a regular car like
this like it really no no no that's not
parks uses only that's not that we're
gonna get done for that rather than you
go yeah we are man becoming includes not
going so right apparently this is part
you wanna see so that this mistletoe is
part
but our null space is freed up over
there so I'm making said to move it
because I'm just worried that the type
of wooden is going to be an asshole to
give ticket anyway another car how are
you name the curb how really I'm now in
the backseat I got my seatbelt on
as you can see I'm still in it doesn't
fit that far back when he does I'll be
playing you know how it feels a bit of
that um in my mind I think I'm just
going to stay here and have a few snacks
guys banana and then a Japanese chopper
obviously we're in central really be
like it was awful stage put it down
somebody just goes that thing is amazing
and he was torture me the back
is pure chilling I can have my laptop on
my lap right now and it is literally
torture for me because you're too big
imagine my brother you step in here you
you and didn't get in we need to tell
you it's going tomorrow if I have to get
one
it'd be funny to see my brother in this
both of them use the van happen every
new arm about my dad stage I know dude
my dad renew your face because it'd be
torture for them but for me for me at
the front it's alright and you know what
much I dislike it I like it because it's
like I'm not driving a car it's like I'm
I'm in the law like I enjoy driving it
cause of the Jeep when I go to say my
windscreen I've got a spray but that
wipe it doesn't go automatically I
couldn't do that afterwards like man you
know I got spray and go like that like
that step like what the heck is this
we just pop a little cafe where people's
inside and some French Tigers oh but
your I love it
many stood up at all your pain so we
just came up with the idea of going
through a drive-through is busy because
they come take it back tomorrow so we
have to try that yes so here goes
nothing
economical up there
can I have two large crystal a meal
cream funny
one-seven-one sprite and one diet coke
okay now you can have my cartridge just
to scrape yes oh yeah I have to spike up
to be in at all yeah anything nice I do
you like it very good oh thank you thank
you Amy always be nice for her it's nice
for me yeah without the food goes in the
back I went to bring here so they're
quite said you happy the web fool you it
looks Jimmy but real well my feeling
really oh that's a hard why what oh
you're sweating oh yeah that's all good
thing oh why look at me not on the Garko
but no it's hot you can be sweat well
you have the a/c on no but even if went
without 18 I wouldn't be playing carbon
comparing like a witness to the Jeep
what would you change right
these are the things I would change
about Twitter I would get off a handle
on the door I put it down below number
one I would make a great feel more
secure right now feels like an index ah
 I would get windows because I think
there could be more space as a group I'd
get more boot space I'd make the wheels
bigger and third ear I told me to say
make the suspension I don't know what
suspension is I'll make that better too
basically there's a ton of stuff I
changed to improve it but would you buy
it what I buy it yeah watch me next
month there's going to be a black one
here right did you get what no chance
I'm sorry you love it you love driving
it yesterday you loved it ok it might
look like an idiot driving it especially
if you dope likes it and you definitely
look like a right tips but I I think I
mean I think it looks passionate but
how's that not a passionate little
little mobile mobile I feel like I'm in
Europe I could be in Milan going on
special Park you're not coming out rain
proof because no it does something again
watch what when I get a black one here
me a black one doesn't have it in black
or Italy I definitely need Spiros back
that's going to be impossible T why why
why could they not be windows because
you want to see back a bit what your
headrest is better then save the
headrest to see through one or something
for me it's the perfect little car to
run around in to central London or
doesn't run around my area when quickly
how nippy is just quickly pretty many
minute
imagine if all the 17 year olds had a
little car like this an electric one of
their first car there would be a lot
less accidents with this almost couldn't
make a mouse
but make sense logically I understand
why it's not for everyone for most
people actually definitely for me
