what's on the shoe hi guys right today's
video I'm in the car me and Sid just
rushed out of the house because my
sister has kindly come over and she is
babysitting her neck so that Sid can
take me on a date you can't actually
tell right now but I have worn something
kind of to me and said barely ever get
to go on dates so when we do we have to
make the most of it unfortunately I
never have that much time anymore to get
ready so I thought what would be a good
idea is for me to do my makeup in the
car I'm going to get glam in the car
with you guys so I grabbed my makeup bag
out with me and where's my heels and my
clutch bag hopefully you guys will learn
something from it because this is going
to be a very quick easy mum friendly
tutorial slash get ready with me thank
you to everyone who have collaborated
with me on this video idea and I'm going
to get straight into the tutorial I will
talk you through it as I go along so do
you want to get driving Sid because you
ain't got long to go honey you're going
to go in first of all with the Revlon
Photoready foundation shade zero zero
three shells because it's nice and sunny
I can use the excuse of doing a dewy
kind of makeup look but I still want it
to be quite glam because remember this
is like a date night and I want to just
look like I do every day now I'm going
to go in with the Revlon Colorstay
concealer on shyly is that word on shy
I'm shiny do you do mushy going to warm
up my base with the Revlon Colorstay
pressed powder and this is in shade
medium just slightly darker than the
foundation
keep it slow and steady for me unless
you want your wife to look yo yo if you
even try doing that on but when I start
doing my eye makeup is not going to be
funny but this is going to end in tears
let's be date night be nice for me
contouring i'm going in with revlon
lovely imperfect foundation in a darker
shade should probably done this before i
powdered but it's a good thing i how it
is quite light so it's fine
remember if you are you know doing
contouring and makeup in the car you
don't really have time for mistakes so
if you do something and you think oh no
i should have done that step before
whatever you you can't think like that
you just have to save yourself no this
was supposed to happen now make it work
learn to look in me i don't even need to
do much to be fair we're at traffic
lights and everyone's looking at me this
would have been a good time to probably
do eyes but i'm sure we'll find more
traffic eyes what we said oh we are
inbred I feel like that's pretty I'm
looking pretty good for my blush so I'm
actually going to use their lipstick and
this is the Revlon Ultra HD lip plumping
lipstick and I'm just going to literally
smile I do feel better rosy rosy on the
cheeks PC
then I'm going to blend it with my
finger the Cabal have natural and
beautiful line long can I stay lipliner
in blush rose very light I know I'm
going to go pro light lips because I
want to do my I was quite dark Ultra HD
color in 710 and I can put that all over
my lips my lips looking lovely and juicy
but tonight's dessert Tiki on two eyes
so if there is kind you'll find lots of
traffic lights I'm going to work on my
eye shadow looks first and the first
thing I'm doing is using Revlon's
Colorstay cream eye shadow and these are
so handy because they're little pots
clean which means I can use my fingers
and they also have if you don't want to
get your fingers dirty they also have
like little brushes installed and it's a
lovely matte brown I think it's perfect
for that kind of all over the lid and
into my crease and I use this color a
lot on the eyes today if they drives
nicely because seriously it's good no
more fall okay can you keep it like that
all like just take a break can we take a
break
can you just Park up for two minutes
well I woke up we're going to be very if
I possibly look how beautiful but I
shall is located Viva Viva Viva
you're lucky this brush is nifty he
seems a conduit I'm gonna cry I can't do
it properly I'm coming up but just this
color that I need to be still full look
at that I already write that eye shadow
is beautiful okay Syd you may continue
driving because the rest should be quite
easy from here on out yeah another
Colorstay cream eyeshadow and this is in
705 and it is a beautiful time painting
gold kind of color and I'm going to put
that on the inner corners of my eyes
just to highlight look at that pop I'll
put a little bit of that right in the
middle and slightly down my nose at all
I think I'll put a little bit of that
just beneath my Brown I'm going to get
another kind of stay clean I shadow and
this is in 710 beautiful like bronze
have a little look guys it is stunning I
am going to put that all over my lid
using that finger oh whoa so you look at
that eye Laurie
Oh Oh the bump what you having to say
bitch Oh guys look at this oh my gosh
that is beautiful look at that look at
that look at that shimmer on my lid hole
nice is up red to fit a fabulous
fabulous girl
I feel like an Egyptian queen or
something this is beautiful wow this has
just made me feel so capable
I feel so capable right now this is
amazing
okay c'mon what so much anything with I
am going to use Revlon's Colorstay to in
one angle Kajol so on one side you've
got an angle kernels like eyeliner
basically and I've got it in dark dark
brows I don't reasoner's luck anymore
then on the other side you've got an
angled brush to blend out or shaping
whenever you want
really literally as if I'm putting on
liner let's go beautiful
should please keep it steady because if
I pull this off right now I'm going to
look at the traffic so you're like okay
and while the angle on this is actually
making my life so easy learners look at
that for a quick natural looking wing
well I feel like to finalize the look
obviously we need Massaro because if we
don't have mascara then there's actually
no point in any eye makeup whatsoever
I'm going to be using Revlon's new mega
multiplier mascara this is new lash
technology which combines fibers and
tubes together the fibers coats and
plumps each lash you can get mega volume
and the 360 degree tubes they lock in
the lengthening fiber and they give mega
extreme lengths and I lash it so if you
can just keep it nice and steady for me
sit I can apply going to give my look a
real 360 perspective it all Elaine
look at that I already and I haven't
even done second coat honey once this
mascara is dry and wet it doesn't smudge
at all and it's waterproof but you can
still remove it really easily with just
a bit of warm water I always apply our
scar just looking down slightly with a
bit of an open mouth
we've arrived guys I think we've arrived
if you haven't tried this mascara
already then you can click the links in
the description for more information
now I'm going to do my stuff and then we
should be ready we're always ready said
it's okay you can serenade we all night
once I've done mascara all right little
take this part over here now I'm
literally just going to grab this side
of my scarf and loosely throw it over my
shoulder if I just push my chair back a
bit you can see a bit more right just
going to pin the top so it stays in
place that's my look guys do you like
case you do their Posie Posie that's it
guys I really hope you enjoyed this
video means that they're going to get
out the car and enjoy our day don't
forget to check all the links in the
description box below that will give you
all the information you need about
today's makeup and I will see you on my
next one thanks for watching until next
time
