hi guys I'm back with another video
every time she does know my husband
Justin lovable let's be real Ramadhan is
really killing people off you know we've
been doing you know Sid and Dena vlogs
every day
so just been hard to kind of sit down
and fail and you know and we've been
quite busy recently
why film emitted a film you're headed in
announces getting lost 25 7 dude me a
Romulan rock is doing my head in
but because we said 30 days straight
that we're just doing it and then after
that we're not going to Sydney the blog
for a long long time
maybe then I'll start doing daily vlogs
on myself I don't know we'll see anyway
two days ago it was my birthday and I
turned 28 yes it pains me to say it but
I then 28 having to let another year so
I thought would be a good video is 28
things I've learned in 28 years and I've
never done one of those visions before
when technically really I should do one
every year whenever it's my birthday but
we don't really do birthdays we're not
big birthday people I don't know I'm
just so not bothered about having a
birthday thing like we're just not
bothered by it
I haven't actually prepared like 28
lessons I've learned I'm literally just
going to think of them on the spot first
thing I've led don't fret the petty
stuff don't worry about all the little
things but like at you in your head and
can potentially ruin situations for you
pointless things that really don't make
a difference at the end of the day in
the bigger picture lesson number two
don't be a bitch everybody's got a bitch
in them even if it's a bitch in your
head when you maybe you're finish
talking something then you have a bitchy
thought don't be a bitch try to get rid
of any bitchiness in any situation you
will be happier number three take care
of your health don't have this attitude
where you're like oh I'm young I'm fine
it's all good I've got agents or any
right stuff catching up with me or
whatever I'll get round to it take care
of your health and take care of it now
I'm
early on to prevent in the future
that's it because that look love a good
one that because we recently learned
that number four if it makes you happy
then do it obviously within the
boundaries yes number five everything in
moderation if you want to have a whole
cake to yourself don't do that don't do
that
just have a nice chunky slice just just
just be satisfied everything in
moderation and that doesn't that's not
just food that everything in life so
like if you're obsessed with something
don't be obsessed or something just
everything in moderation which brings me
on to number six greed don't be a greedy
flippin Pig and I don't mean food I do
mean food as well obviously I just mean
everything so for example my problem is
shopping and clothes
I want everything all the time and I
won't say to myself no whereas I've
learned a lot recently and I'm really
proud of myself like when I go shopping
around like do I really need that know
am I gonna wear this once and never wear
again
yes shall I just leave it and walk out
yes number seven god I had loads in my
head when I was putting on the makeup
and then they were gone everybody has a
holier-than-thou attitude at some point
in their life quit judging Deena like
Deena like absorbed myself it stop
judging people and because I do judge I
do judge people and it's an automatic
thing and it's from when I was younger
and I don't say it out loud and I don't
go up to that person or anything like
that but I do judge people off of the
first you know first impression or first
and something that they did and I judge
straightaway and in my head I'm like oh
that must be cuz the old hair and it
gives me that holier-than-thou attitude
and it gives you it gives you it gives
you images it makes you feel a bit
better about yourself which is but
I've learnt to quit doing that even if
it's just in my head I don't have these
thoughts in my head now I just
and maybe I was just trying to don't
think about it so if I see somebody like
just anything like I just want to think
about it you just observe it and that's
it your thought process doesn't need to
delve into why you just see it and
that's it finished now judging by number
eight or is that number nine number
eight a shoelace makes a great belt I'm
currently wearing a shoelace as the belt
to hold up my jeans because I recently
lost away now I'm excited to wear them I
needed a belt they're really big so if I
know I don't I don't know belts so I was
like what am I gonna do bro I opened my
door and I realized I got shoelaces use
the shoelace as a bail saw tick rules
are made for breaking and I'll tell you
how I learnt it it's not it's not like a
big duty see if you should do with eye
shadows and this whole step by step and
where you should put what in terms of my
shadows I started to not listen a life
side to let you just get a shadow I just
smear it on my lid I think it looks
bloody amazing if you want to start
something yes
don't give yourself excuses excuses like
oh I need this and I need that and I
need that and leave that to stock you
don't need other than yourself so
just start and I don't mean like a fight
or beef with another anyone who's asked
me when I read them in street what's
your advice is fine son you to
generalize that you just turn and go
just do it like literally just do it
finish finish somebody never let go of
things guys don't have an attachment to
things and let it's like a steady from
when you were younger like me I've got a
little doggy from when I would literally
baby I'm attached to that but that's
different got sentimental scoffs yeah I
mean when it comes to clearing out your
wardrobe or your makeup and you're like
really having a diol Emma I might wear
this to keep this plucky lipstick or not
if you have to ask yourself am I going
to use this again that means get rid of
it give it to somebody else somebody
who's going to put it to use basically
just let go let go don't have this
attachment over mine I must keep Miller
no nose just let go from let go
in old really isn't that bad being in
your late twenties compared to your
early twenties is a lot better because I
would like proper before like oh yeah
old like feeling like time's running out
time is running out riggan flies by like
nobody's business
it just time doesn't for wise like I
don't know where all the time goes like
the years just just just keep going and
then go by like their weeks it's just
really good try not to compare yourself
to others in your life category or
whoever it is you would normally compare
yourself to that doesn't mean you can't
appreciate other women and I'm talking
more about it looks and things like that
by the way and yeah many looks is quite
unhealthy just to do that now I mean you
can't appreciate another woman's beauty
you can do that but just don't compare
to Booty or beauty don't compare to
still compare because that's when you
start getting upset about your look or
you want something that you don't have
to try and try try to be happy with you
can be a very difficult thing to do and
I know I'm just saying it but like
something that I've struggled with but I
know not to do that because they're
gonna be happy with whatever booty God
gave you okay family is family friends
are not family yes
family is family blood is thicker than
water
obviously there's the exceptions
especially with some of the emails
didn't do they get and things like that
they in general your family will always
be there for you what's that saying said
about frenemies you didn't hear what Sid
said he said keep your friends close but
keep your enemies even closer that is
something I really learnt in my 20s so
it's good to have four enemies yeah what
else and what we are this is so
disorganized sorry guys
ah trying to be organized in life try
and be organized in life although if
you're not that is a sign of creativity
I must say but do try and be organized
with at least one massive chunk of your
life so if that's like your house your
family routine so that there's some kind
of structure in your life because when
there's structure in your life that
structure in your mind
again except that as you grow older your
body will change and this doesn't apply
to just women who've had kids mothers
this just applies to just people your
body will change things will go downhill
they will I just had it in my head damn
oh it's so annoying when it just flies
out your head like that travel travel as
much as you can travel travel travel
travel travel travel travel as much as
you can read read as much as you can and
I haven't read literally since Hannah
was born let's just feel like I don't
have time dying to get back into reading
really I've learned a lot about coffee a
lot about coffee I used to not know what
decaf coffee is I just think decaf was
like coffee that was gonna wake me up
I've learnt that decapping isn't that I
learned that CMD + C means copy and CMD
+ V means paste I learned a lot of
keypad shortcuts
I mean keyboard shortcuts work hard now
in whatever age you are now get that
 done because you will find yourself
when you're older in it said just do it
now do it now without something else and
learning think before you speak
Dinah's literally think before you speak
and that applies to everything including
content I put out on YouTube not just
think before you think about how it can
affect the situation there and then
think about how it might affect what you
want to be doing in the next few years
or in your future even in 10 years down
the line think before yes speak don't
include is quite good I bet you
somebody's keeping counting they're like
Dina maybe should lend the count don't
lie
lying will ruin it whatever it is you're
lying about first of all lying is a
bitch but sometimes a white lie is
actually a really good and I'll give you
an example let's say I'm in the soup
market and there's a woman next to me it
just looks like she's having a really
 day and I just feel like being nice
so I'll say to her oh my god I really
love your shoes where did you get them
from even if I think her shoes are
minute I'll just say that because we'll
probably make her day that's a good
white light I like doing small things
like that where I know that person felt
better even with just a random stranger
you know why because actually it makes
me feel good it makes me feel good when
I've made somebody else feel good I
learned how to edit video is quite well
actually I mean I don't edit a lot of
them since them a lot of them but if I
wanted to I could edit something super
super state and I also think it's really
important to try and keep learning keep
learning new things I really need to
learn Photoshop properly some things I'm
really stalling on even though I have
Photoshop master mind littered to my
right and I live with him you'd think
you'd think I'd put that to good use but
I haven't fat everything I've learned
I'm sure I've learned a lot more as a
matter of fact I've learned that I can't
count because actually I only gave you
guys 27 but here is my 28th one Dean
there you ain't be humble be humble
if you think you're King
you're not be humble and then yes sit
down but if you be humble then you
actually will end up being King I
hope you liked this video I'll see you
on my next one what I would like you
guys to do which I haven't asked of you
in a while is leave your comments down
below leave your ideas down below of
what you would like to see because I'm
actually thinking about trying out daily
vlogging from the 1st of July just for
like a month
kind of like what Cindy not doing well
that's just Ramadan related we'd like to
by putting this just vlogging in my head
it will open up the creative space to
actually give myself a lot of ideas and
film them in a quite laid-back manner
rather than having loads of ideas and
never doing them because
like oh no I need to do it properly and
it has to be done like this like that so
then I never get around to it whereas if
I put it under the category of vlogging
you might actually get a lot more of
creativity and a lot more content that
you want out of me literally because
that's how my mind works which is a very
strange thing so let me know what you'd
like to see and in my head I will put it
in blogging category and come up with it
that way but you'll still get still get
what you want if you know what I mean
some people's minds just work
differently and you just have to reword
things or re think of ideas in order to
actually get things done also I don't
mind if you'd like to subscribe feel
free to join the family and and I'll see
y'all next video until next time keep it
covered but let me know if we should
bring that back I actually I'm not sure
about that or not bringing that back is
very old school Dina and I stopped
saying keep it covered because people
were taking it the wrong way but I feel
like the audience has matured now you
know you're going to get a lot of
comments where they're like a sister
you're not even covered bro that's wise
