Hana tell me what do you think about
your baby brother do you like him I know
he's under his bed isn't he he's on his
bed yeah he wants to play with Hana
that's why he's wriggling about you were
coming oh you're telling him that you're
coming that's nice was it a surprise
when baby brother came yeah do you
remember how he came how did he come out
of my tummy but can you remember what
you were doing the first time you saw
him yeah so you with tater and then
remember me and Papa came through the
door and it was nighttime and you woke
up from sleeping remember and then we
just came in with a little baby what was
the first thing you did you gave him a
kiss and a pebble I mean what were you
happy you bit tired now yeah shall we do
the tour Toy Story the turtle still yeah
okay we'll play the threading it is
the 18th on the 18th of July Wednesday
and it is today is exactly one week
since I gave birth to our baby boy who's
laying right beside me and basically the
last week I haven't done anything other
than been overwhelmed and getting just
getting through the first week which I'm
sure I'll tell you about in detail maybe
in another video on my main channel or
something I don't know and I feel like I
haven't blogged in ages and I don't even
know how to look and a few days ago I
was like I don't even want to vlog
anymore I don't even want to go back on
YouTube anymore bla bla bla and then
this morning I just felt a little bit
better about everything and decided to
get the camera out um so yeah it's been
one week of being a mother of two ham
delay yeah that's only one thing but you
know it's the second time around
how much newborn babies sleep and you do
have a little bit of time to yourself
when the bigger kid Hannah is at nursery
but when the bigger kid is not at
nursery it really is hectic like
actually hectic and incredibly
exhausting but also very sweet
so anyway hi guys I'm back so far we've
called him mica but you guys will
already know that from my main Channel
video um and he's gonna be waking up
very soon I think her feed so here he is
oh he just fired hello little one what
is that mark on your phone and I'm just
going to swirl deled up and you know
what I noticed this morning when I put
this word Lord what is this tag bruh
like is literally a book why does anyone
need all of that like seriously how
annoying and if I tuck it in it would be
touching his arm so like I just stuck it
out cuz like poor guy he has been loving
sleeping in his
sleepyhead pod very easy to use you can
let you pick up baby and then pick up
the sleepy head with the handle and take
it anywhere in the house take it to your
mom's house take it to your friend's
house take it whatever you want it's
really handy I love it
and you can change the covers which
means you can wash the covers obviously
but you can also wash the whole thing if
you want like if if who will we get
through the whole cushions
unfortunately guys we didn't actually
vlog the labor and delivery or even the
run up to it because things happened
very very quickly and also I didn't feel
like it because they happen so quickly
so we didn't vlog any of that at all
because we literally just me and Sid in
the hostel and obviously SIDS they're
like supporting me up here and at home
was you know mama looking after Hannah
so you know unfortunately there's no
baby countdown vlog for this baby but
it's fine in the announcement video on
my main channel I gave as much detail as
I could so yeah I just have two
chocolates can you see look at my face
pregnancy glow is finished and lack of
sleep glow has begun literally oh my god
I forgot cuz it's not like okay so like
they sleep a lot in the day but like you
can't just like lay down to sleep when
they are it specially if you got a
toddler running around or when you don't
have a toddler running around then you
want to catch up on like work or just
household chores things like that right
and in the nighttime obviously you know
whether it's a fussy baby or not they
wake up every like two hours to feed or
every three hours to feed so you're
constantly going up but ham delay just
before I gave birth I couldn't sleep
anyway because I was so uncomfortable so
I kind of like I kind of prepared myself
for a like weaned myself into the no
sleep thing because in the last few
weeks I was so big and uncomfortable and
it was so hot I just legit slept for
like three hours a night so I'm kind of
like finally but look at my eye bags and
the dark circles like I can see in
myself I
absolutely tired so anyway you know what
guys as well I love my cats I've got two
I love my cats but this week I've just
wanted them to take stay away from me
look at this guy but thankfully they
have been staying away from the baby and
not not overstepping the line Jin our
main because that would annoy me too
anyway babies just how to feed guys and
I'm just sitting here watching catch-up
TV while Syd is in the garden painting a
table for his office yes he did come out
with a full head of hair just like Hanna
did and I find it so cute guys you
haven't seen Cydia as a new dad of two
here he is with his little boy how did
you feel to be a dad to a mini you
basically guys if any of you want to
know what this kid looks like he just
looks like Syd yeah he's a lot more
likely than Hanna
Lala how do you feel inside yeah I told
them I told them oh I'm trying to get
the light there we go that's better like
he's punching the air to on my game into
boxing obviously hands already Oh wake
up and I think he's done is he no way by
the way guys he's so hairy
his hair is hell myself anyway um I'm
going out with my sister to get some
bits and bobs and then I'm gonna pick up
a Hannah from nursery and so it's gonna
stay home with a little one
I think Hannah's gonna be really excited
that I'm picking her up she's gonna be
dead excited I'm look at his second son
I need to get some bottles
some newborn baby bottles basically from
Mothercare my sister needs to get a
suitcase I need to pick up Anna
obviously
so when I gave birth to Hannah I didn't
go out the house for weeks and never
went out alone because I was
breastfeeding but you wouldn't even take
breast milk from a bottle
etc etc so anyway this time around I've
made the decision after one week of
breastfeeding to stop and it was a hard
decision but also not that hard because
I was in so much pain and I was feeling
so down and I know one of the big
reasons that I was experience personal
depression last time around was due to
the breastfeeding but I didn't give
myself the option to mix feet or give
her breast milk from a bottle even I
didn't give myself that option last time
so she was purely stuck on my boobs
anyway my son my mom's house now I'm
gonna pick up my sister and he's to see
guys say hi to say hi Hannah's back from
nursery what you do at nursery boo-boo
you did ballet and you had a picnic
copper's trying to lick your leg and go
away cupboard disgusting right let's go
supermarket and buy a bunch of nappies
shall we from no yeah let's go in the
supermarket let's go
so I'm just going home and I just bumped
into my brother Hasson on his horse
where you going
okay see you later then I'm gonna buy my
brother's crazy man I don't think I told
you but the other day I couldn't get my
camera out in time to be honest with you
because he was still in my hospital
bagging stuff but the other day my
brother rode up to our house
on his horse like literally just parked
him in the drive and he was just
guzzling on the grass just like come
home - yeah that's right - SID having
his food
I've just put on Tanner down on the sofa
but she's knockout from nursery got me
out on this tell me hold his check here
cuz I see anyway getting to sleep
apparently has he pooped and stuff don't
know what we're gonna do now that both
kids are knockout when one kid a big kit
her best time technically is now but
she's knockout after nursery and I
haven't even washed her hands everything
which means she's gonna go bad way later
and the other one obviously doesn't know
whether it's day or night so he's just
gonna wake up anyway oh he's wriggling
oh you thinkin involved I need to change
my clothes cuz got dog saliva on it and
don't care I don't want that to get on
Mika said I'm gonna go upstairs and
change okay and I'm gonna come down and
tidy up with ya cause the house is bit
messy guys this pregnancy pillow
literally looks over my banister is the
bee bee bee bee hug me best thing since
sliced bread couldn't sleep without it
last few weeks of pregnancy still can't
sleep without it first few weeks of post
pregnancy not because of discomfort of
my body but because it really helps when
you have to sit up and feed let's say
sit up and feed the newborn and you just
fall asleep in like awkward position
for EMI things I think about about two
hours sleep just fit baby and he what he
wasn't he wasn't happy he got a bad
stomach thing then try and get another
two hours sleep before he probably wakes
up another feed it's the next night guys
haven't blogged all day
and then let's see your ballet then
where's that
oh did it break your flower yeah you bit
it would you buy it your fall off
because I can't hold it for min know so
I just cut it in half for you yeah so it
can be a small flower bigger yeah
just for context guys it's like half
10:00 at night it's just great that
innit just just just great
it's Friday guys Hannah's not necess day
I just came back from the supermarket
and did a big food shop I know I've been
taking these since I gave birth
pretty much like since the day I gave
birth because last time around I think I
really noticed a difference in my skin
getting really bad and a tiny bit of
hair loss it's not really hair loss I
don't think it's just that during
pregnancy you don't lose as much hair
but then afterwards you go back to
losing your regular amounts so all of a
sudden it just seems like you've got mad
hair loss but I think it's just go back
to normal you know anyway then take
these now I'm just using Micah's muslin
cloth as a little bits of this diet by
the way huh
oh did you want to eat them outside says
on this diet where he's like eating real
good look at the Maytals matched meat
air bed I had the female version of this
top and since then they've got a male
version now with a kangaroo pouch with a
little baby in today he's nine days old
nine days old and he hasn't been out yet
I mean he's been out in the garden
honestly I haven't been out and about so
I haven't tried the new pram yet or
anything or my new sling guys can I just
say muslin cloth make really good
turbans like they type really easily
really - why don't you wanna come out
with me okay put some cream on Elsa so
anyway yeah hopefully there will be a
chill day I'm gonna make a bag ball
later spaghetti bolognaise for dinner so
this is what just happened
she got SIDS water bottle and poured it
all over her dolls acting like it's Sun
cream and obviously the water flow was
way out of her control and this is the
results fabulous just fabulous guys I
don't think I ever actually addressed
the bump situation so nine days after
giving birth and hold on how am I gonna
show you this nine days after giving
birth and this is the situation it's
really taking its sweet time to go down
and that to be honest with you I don't
actually think it's gonna go down
anymore and so now I got to start
working out on it maybe doing some light
abs work it's so pokey it's like so
loose stomach as well how do I bring you
outside just fill it up come on come on
let's take out come on so it guys have
as children
come on Oh dearly
I'm just getting some cooking done guys
literally just gonna do spaghetti
spaghetti bolognese pretty much for me
and Hannah
okay so Syd just walked through the door
he came back from Halfords and pretty
much just decided that he is gonna eat
this food so I just have to bung and a
lot more pasta pretty much that whole
diet thing clearly he's having a cheat
day which is good because I since I gave
birth based I've just been feeling
that I haven't even had much of an
appetite I've just been I've just been
like waking up being starving and just
eating like bread and stuff but today
cuz I feel better I feel like eating all
the twos I loved so I'm gonna enjoy food
today - tomorrow would be ten days since
I gave birth so I think tomorrow I'm
gonna maybe have a look at incorporating
some postnatal workouts that I find on
YouTube in my day-to-day just very very
gradually slowly not too much pressure
pretty much look at this guy the way
he's napping must be really thinking
about something I love when they sleep
with their arms up like that so cute I
am just cleaning up the kitchen this
morning said I had a cheat day yesterday
eight chicken nuggets clearly couldn't
stomach it I'm just prepping Hannah some
nice breakfast and I'm just gonna clean
these dishes out get has some juice on
the go as well and what time is it no no
I think it's like 8 a.m.
hold on one sec basically what happened
yesterday is I took Hannah to bed at
like 8:30 and I ended up falling asleep
with her and then and I slept till like
4:00 a.m. and my attempt
just getting to my mom's house cuz mama
only lives 20 minutes away sorry guys
I'm so sleep-deprived
the thing is though like when Sid does
the the night shift like from you know
from when Hannah goes to sleep to like
4:00 a.m. I send him up to bed that I
probably won't get him up til 12:00 or
something maybe or maybe 11 ish actually
but I think is when I do the night shift
with the baby and he puts Hannah sleep
I'll end up just doing it the whole
night cuz it doesn't have that intuition
thing but he just wakes up straightly
get me when he wakes up at 4:00 I mean
sorry I'm all over the place was I gonna
do a that milk for Hannah so now why am
I in the pantry I'm looking at all the
junk and telling myself not to have any
at 8 a.m.
look at me multitasking me and Hannah
are just gonna get cozy in the reading
corner what is it oh it's a little bit
and read some books that we haven't read
yet well baby brother has a nap yeah
Lulu loves numbers today Lulu is that
the farm with mommy almost like when we
go to the farm and Lulu's got her little
bag on her back ladybird why what else
is really wearing wait yeah it's a nice
what do you say yeah okay guys I am
currently packing the baby changer back
the one from
tiba and mom to go to my mum's house for
the day and the only thing left to put
in here I think is so I've got Hannah
stuff in here and the baby stuff by the
way that's why it's a little bit stuff I
still need to put him a change of
clothes in there as well it came
wriggling they like little dinosaurs
honestly mm-hmm just got to Mama's house
yeah I can hear peak of the cat yeah it
ate this house gonna get this one out
first and then Hannah I think but Hannah
in that one
hello here we got a baby boy in that one
sir
first time to test it first time take
him out to look what this dog is just it
crazy dog
he's going absolutely bonkers fully
splashed it mama which way you're gonna
bring him in oh it's from there it's all
those green bits in there
crazy dog and I just swore at the dog
and then forgot that how does he end she
repeated or I said just terrible
I'm gonna get lost guys take a bloody
out for pictures save him crash good
girl guys I just came back from my mom's
house and for the last hour we've been
filming our announcement video about
this little guy but no makeup still cos
oh I can't even find my tweezers mate
but anyway
Hannah's also sleep on the sofa she
needs to wake up soon and she didn't go
bed past two days have been very
positive ham delay anyway I'm boiling I
need to have a showers there by but this
little guy in a vest cuz it's kind of
hot and now I am catching up on
EastEnders and Hannah still asleep on
sofa it is heart failure we just don't
know what to do what oh my gosh Chaplin
boy is that Dead or Alive
that looks alive he born a massive
dragonfly guys that looks alive oh my
god why is Chaplin all wet what is this
guy been doing this is stressing me out
Sid's asleep Chaplin can you go in a bit
please I think Chaplin
I beg you get rid of it I'm trying to
make a coffee pour I need to make
another bottle much needed coffee for me
this morning I don't know if I showed
you guys our new coffee machine by the
way it's so funny because this literally
arrived the day I went into labour and I
was like perfect timing guys I've got to
show you this cue outfit that was gifted
to us by flora and Louise and basically
our agents came in the post of the day
with such a cute card as well three to
six months I cannot wait to put him in
there I love things like this that are
like really unisex you know
the kids I really love it I think it's
lovely I do by the way my face is a
tomato because I just worked out but the
first time in probably about 20 days
because I stopped working out about ten
days before I gave birth so it's ten
days post first workout and I feel good
just cut up a little mid-morning snack
for Hannah then judge my drawer yeah
Tito I'm just I'm just saying I got you
a nice mid-morning snack of fruit you
ready
look look at that Hannah well just did
the four o'clock feed four in the
morning feed basically yesterday we came
home and said the feed sit said did the
shift up until the 4:00 a.m. and I just
come down 4 a.m. normally what happened
now is I'll just stay awake for the day
Hannah would come down and join me about
six maybe 6:30 and then I leave said to
sleep too you know depends what we're
doing but probably till about 10:00
11:00 well maybe he'll just wake up by
himself as well anyway and Hannah are
what we do in Hannah you got your
wellies on oh you go now oh we're not
you're not finishing the washing with me
but you want to go outside I was just
gonna say I mean how now doing the
washing but clearly she's busy doing
something else do you wanna go outside
then come on I'll open the door for you
oh it's Monday morning guys and I think
I need to do recycling but I don't know
he goes lovely weather outside today
nobly weather what guy is Mika's having
his first bath today I'm using the skip
hop bathing where your thing
yeah the brand is called skip hop but
anyway so far so much more successful to
Hannah's first bath
one o'clock in the morning feed course
tenders on to keep me company guys we've
had the longest night ever somebody's
very very ratty and annoyed and I can
only get him to settle if I sing
everything and also if I play a bit of
Ed Sheeran all right anyway conclusion
the last two nights have slept for about
three hours but it's all right isn't it
Mika yeah yeah
the only cos not having a good day guys
he's been feeling a little bit I don't
know
gassy I guess but he's not having a good
day so I've got him in this link now
oh honey to empty the bins upstairs song
him get a plastic bag to empty them this
is the baby bjorn sling the mini one
which is like for supposed to be around
my house and just quick outings so so
easy to put on probably the easiest
sling to assemble ever and you can
pretty much assemble it by yourself and
then oh okay then
Wow Laurie there's been no energy in the
vlog but I shut up I said where's the
keys what did you find in the garden
let's go let's go go and show me come on
let's go let's go where is it come on
show me where oh my god I can't believe
it guys she was telling me this morning
mama there's a frog on the paddle pool I
was like yeah okay then I finally came
out and there really is one Hannah the
wildlife here is crazy guys butdo then
what we're gonna do with it Hannah well
pop oh maybe we'll just leave him in the
water for now cuz he could chill oh you
made the cake with candles fabulous but
did you cut up the Swiss roll for me so
I can have some of that one as well
and I need some tea please that would be
lovely got mr. Wiggles mr. Wrigley
Wrigley someone's hungry how many slices
are you cut in oh great how many slices
is that then it's too many mmm you can
never have too much cake Hannah oh can
you we can share I love sharing my cake
I don't guys it's nap time for this
little cheeky monkey and I am basically
just gonna try and get in a quick 20
minute workout while she sleeps it's
it's got the baby he's feeding him hey
guys I'm in Hasson I made me brothers
Kat has her solos old do good mean come
on everyone things you get married I'm
going to the Fonzie hassles horse and
I'm going to see my mum ride a horse
that she wants maybe that we might want
to buy but we're gonna go check it out
first the lovely horse and it looks
lovely in pictures I'm gonna go check it
out hasn't this boiling in this car man
I'm gonna go check it out and maybe get
this horse I'm not gonna buy it today
though obviously guys I can't wait to
get back to also I did one Sophie
relax in a bit height with music me
guys we're walking through the woods
like look at this Mad King to go catch
Hassan's horse Hardy from the field
basically and I was just saying to a son
so if I get a horse is this what I'm
gonna have to do I have to go down oh go
down here to the field to catch the
horse and it is like I don't know how to
do these things I just have to write
down bro
kind of here he comes husband's horse
Hardy boy you're right buddy guys I wish
I was really confident around horses but
I'm not that confident there we go let's
go watch mum ride by the way I didn't
show you guys the BabyBjorn bouncer that
we got instead of the mama that we got
instead of the mama Roo so the memory we
had planned I gave it away basically and
I when I got this one which is a lot
simpler a lot cheaper and although he's
cranky now he was in it for about 45
minutes earlier wide awake just sitting
and looking around and being really
content
so so far loving it but he's cranking
out so much now
okay cheeky chops bye it is mm-hmm
Thursday I just had some ladies come
over to do some cleaning in the house
now I am going to register him at the
doctor's and then SIDS gonna play
basketball tonight whoop I'm gonna end
the vlog here but I'll keep blogging and
I'll do another vlog how's it going
there do you need some help
do you want me to really help you here
hold on a second guys
it's quite funny cuz sydnor's how to
assemble all the slings we've ever ever
had except for that one which is the
simplest link to is Emerald by yourself
like I do by myself and that's saying
something
so anyway gonna end the vlog here I'll
see you on there my next vlog I'm going
to the doctor's now getting stuff done
alright I hope you enjoyed this very
tiring I don't know
I think I've just logged over like a
week sorry there's been no energy in the
vlog but I am lit up there's no sleep
obviously by saying where's the keys
