morning guys I'm back with another vlog
also the longest of time ever though
it's been about three weeks that I have
a son weekly podcast at the beginning of
my weekly blog can you explain to
everyone why you just stole my income at
the offices of the office now guys got
the gear but no idea hey guys we're at
the office and I thought I was going to
get a delivery here this morning which
meant I could film something but not
arrived yet so what I'm going to do is
just settle down on that sofa not all
that shitty recycling rubbish by the way
so annoying what I'm going to do is I'm
going to get to dancing a video while I
wait for my package to come and then
I'll film after that just going through
some footage guys of two teas first
youtube video here's a little snippet I
didn't realize but my a fourth order
actually never even went through so it's
not even coming tomorrow today it's
coming tomorrow now which means I can't
feel anything so basically I'm just
going to hold a editing parking for an
email header what people are going to
see in email it's not going on TV of the
season and all let me select the inside
of the screen yes with a nice one yeah
go to the lake okay I've been sitting in
this position for the last like three
hours and right now okay I'm just done
editing that video editing and basically
I'm absolutely starving I don't know
what's going on with a horse but our
track tension is order like three no I
think it's like three times on my card
and about three times on say Scott and
they're both just not going through and
it's really annoying me so I'm just
going to take it as a sign but I was not
meant to order these clothes
how to climb said get his attention so
it's not yet come about uses gilliguy
okay squat lunge
please 3:13 you have to squat when
others cringe easy for people right now
I think I'm dying
you're joining time milpas morning guy
in all my vlogs I'm like never wearing
like a scarf properly when I'm at home
so let's just explain this morning's
headgear basically I've just pulled my
t-shirt up and this is the head entrance
basically said have gone to the office
and he dropped her off to nursery I
didn't join him today because I wanted
to stay at home and I didn't know
actually sometimes I just like like I
don't want to go to the office and I
don't like I just want to maybe stay at
home like I just want to stay at home
and get work done like on the sofa
sometimes not even go anyways I'm just
like literally just sit on this sofa in
this spot and catch up on
television you know like when you're a
mom and your kid has a runny nose and
you haven't got anything to wipe it with
so you just grab like your t-shirt and
you wipe your kids nose or you grab your
scott you grab whatever yeah so what has
started to do now when she feels how I
know she literally comes up to me grabs
whatever is I'm wearing and his two
white phone Holmes herself on my clothes
and I'm like Hannah
sometimes you don't do it is only when
momma does it because sometimes the
clothes I'm wearing isn't for YP nosey
isn't for bogeys so only sometimes guru
and and it's normally when momma does it
then you can do it on those clothes okay
I still if you put some clothes I spin I
promise
because I was holding back my eyes fall
asleep while I was editing a video from
downtown then I can compose from above
machine and I'm going to pick up a
parcel come here Christian service
flooring downslide fine drop coffee
picked up my package done
