hi guys I'm back with another video and
today i've got my twin sister to z and
my husband fit of the embryo
administered I think about the Lord you
know to TTC you've got to watch watching
yes best way to do videos together would
be to do the husband versus sister
challenge I'm gonna win we're also doing
I think there's going I love guys I'm
gonna get trained to it because these
will give me an absolute headache right
what are my pet peeve anybody ringing
her oh that's good that's good for the
girl and I yeah since I'm now in Deena
she's run away from the phone I said is
about to get really competitive I can
finally make God I don't know hon I can
live well food in the sink
oh I'm spit in general spit oh I don't
get food to eat okay I think I won I
think I won okay okay look what can't I
eat one two three go yogurt
what sprout mother oh wow I love spout
Oh since when you say we've got rated
it's the best thing ever Melora I know
know you've also really rolled back I
thought one of you was gonna go nothing
she called me not question there must be
enough
yeah but he said true yogurt that's two
I hate fruit yogurt yes I'm going to
shit right now
do you want to sit what are the
tell-tale signs when I lie one two three
good
the twinkle in the arc well gizelle
there's the way she said it's a boy so
there's a twenty she is so general
flippin question you found it what am I
most proud of
one two three you can toss away on three
I beat you good thing when you do brick
whoo overseas hundreds choose your
mother
where do I dream all going confuse to
read okay I'm gonna say Japan you're
like the king that's the thing look at
the Halawa
what is my favorite meal what is you
know my favorite to do that well you
gotta wait if one two three no we like
it yeah it is you on that one
what you mean I didn't even have the
chance answer
I can roast in anything how much do I
weigh 10 so 67 kg if I wasn't a fashion
blogger what job would I want to be wait
wait wait I have to think of this side
except at Coco Santa oh my god on three
one two three presenter what is my least
favorite body part
chubby no you got to go on three man
what's my least favorite housework task
weight everything wait 1 2 3 everything
anything no you don't do any how smiley
face oh you'll eat paper my leafy okay
we're on three on three one two three
watching the dishes I love washing the
dishes oh no you know what I don't get
it what's the favor one two three bins
oh yeah hey doing that I believe you
what in my favorite smell one two three
wait food cooking Hana Hana give me
chick fucking life just pour Hana as the
answer for every question she'll go yeah
yeah Hannah what do I fit eclis look
forward to most about the weekend one
two three spending time with TC tea and
coffee
Sunday's baby do I consider myself more
like my mother or my father one two
three mother what purchase am I
currently considering you just didn't
listen there's five minutes ago I didn't
look it
thank you very wait wait one two three
quick do it wait while - I'm watching I
said it is me yeah you're leaving with
this so am i leaving with this my other
shoes I'm keeping this whatever shoes
any other why do you deserve some more
than I do
it's all about deserving it's about you
come
to my house with these shoes and you
expect to leave it yes I do what type of
music do I secretly like okay one two
three
indeed RMB no everybody knows Indian
nobody knows cry I not let the people
know Indian it's indeed what everybody
reggae and the jam through all the
fucking time
well going up I bloody don't wanna
everything I still love it now luckily
oh yeah right can we wrap it up now
wrap it up like a star right relative
lt's Q&A bye
