mine guys it's Saturday and I am off to
some my sister I go shopping because
it's her wedding week so we need to get
a lot of things basically need to pretty
much apply the rest of my outfits
Hannah's outfits help to see with her
get makeup let basically a whole bunch
of cuz I'm doing her makeup as well
so pressures on oh my gosh the Sun is
really shining god damn guys I'm a with
to see why is the conflict anyway we're
into shoot in the news I just wanted to
show you is the ads that they've got a
pic of a circle Roxy like really
old-school us cut down you're up seven
babes your waist down to size fast and
this one had to buy a beautiful fan it's
really funny actually
there's my drink guys have a look at to
sees delicious it's actually is
delicious but some of our foods arrives
how wonderful is it
these are aqua fries by the way they're
so good you just ordered these as well
how fun are they morning guys
it is bar day for me and Tuesday this is
juice is like free wedding bar we've
never done a spa thing before so we're
here like okay it's called the brace
Belgravia check it out it's ladies only
yes just having a lot sinful to get fit
guys we're working up a bit of a sweat
before we hit up the SONA wait the
wedding next week so I'm just gonna give
you a quick tour guys this is the locker
area and then over here we have a lovely
mirror and through here is the sauna
sauna steam room section and then here
are the bathrooms think's outside and
through here is like the changing rooms
and you know getting ready afterwards
and stuff which is wonderful
literally on everyone you've got like a
hairbrush hairdryer it's really quite
amazing guys and by the way he's a
women's only spar slash gym so I'm the
way mascot right now guys I just had a
facial and it was the best thing in the
planet literally all my blackheads
everything removed
check out this wonderful room wearing
that they actually do yoga in here
sometimes
sitting down for lunch and apparently I
am on MTV snapchat story the most
powerful social media style so let's
watch it together and see if it's true
okay we got the pubes oh hello the UK
city most powerful social media stars
there I am with Tanya burr how exciting
okay should we read it anyway where am I
whose outfit Oh number nine Deena
Tokyo let's go say present blogger
Deena's got BBC three presenting credits
and a scarf collab with liberty under
her belt Wow and we spent learnt she's
next
well how wonderful is that guys how
exciting right guys are detox shots just
came
let's try them what's that one I haven't
heard that one yet that's got to make it
happen
delicious my downline one shot James not
used to Dean's not used to real food she
lives on burgers and chris is just a
meal phenazine they're not class yeah
but it's very intensity stuff that you
should be flavoring Cheska guys a few
days closes alive and it looks delish
thank you
Hanna got me Mother's Day gift and she
wrote in a card for me I think I should
show you here's the Mother's Day card
that Hanna got me says I'm so glad
you're my mum and inside so cute she
actually wrote in there for me - mum I
love you from Hanna obviously she held
the pen and said held her hand how cute
is that guys I mean come on psych yet
huh anyway guys today Hannah is going to
get her first official haircut like
properly at a hairdressers got how
disgusting is that from the cuts to that
oh so embarrassing possibly trim the
length into a nice neat bob ready for my
sister's wedding next weekend a shot
along well guys we just came out of like
a Vietnamese restaurant has been nice
but Sid had bubble tea and Hannah really
loves the bubbles in the bubble tea so
we got them to give us a bunch of
bubbles in a part but they're all
soaking we're and Hannah really wants
them so we basically improvised and got
a nappy out spread it over her legs made
a nice little tray so she's not gonna
get wet and she can make her bubble tea
do you like my foundation by the way and
come on close
twinkle Allen's watching twinkle twinkle
oh my what's up bitches
good what to do
but we live right now hi guys so me and
saying that you just spent the whole
morning filming on the tubes of London
so keep an eye out for that because it
won't be good one and now we're going to
have a bite to eat before we pick up
Hannah anyway this is kind of a cool
little setup right here look I've just
left the camera on this and it's not new
thing cuz quite did that mmm I should so
film a video in the car like this oh the
video that we filmed today I should do a
car version like this yes okay I'm just
rubbing them bad guys you decided to
come to Pete Express and I'm having my
favourite which is the Romana pradhana
basically ghost cheese and caramelized
onion and a bit of spinach we are in
what's called Izzy winger which is a
Gold Rush few days old
by the way oh no girls nothing else and
we're here with my mum my mum came from
Garda glue so we're here and we're about
to get the food and then we're gonna
play golf but you step and say dropped
out which means we might have to run
people on our team which sucks a little
bit anyways here is what is going to be
the newlyweds ooh did Charlotte
even though it's not only a wedding
they're just gonna get to see we did a
video person foods arrived guys enjoy oh
nothing sir I chose portobello mushroom
what's that piece of juicy just regular
Mario what's this Burger bag and chips
and salad lovely guys this is the
mini-golf course we just completed that
one now we're on this one so far I'm
winning of moms go are you gonna in play
brah
father no it's not glass
bro I think I'm actually winning guys I
think I might just leave my guys this
next one is so hard you got to start
there go through all of that and get it
in there wow it's a really mama just
lighting up all in there oh honey they
just oh there you go you got it you got
it oh no oh no yeah I just bought a mine
for now bigger oh he go
well don't so guys Dina's trying to oh
yeah probably I probably speak I've got
a bit of the list have you stop being
nosy Parker
oh she pissed for me where is it yeah
Deena
oh that's quite good that's a penalty
nope
give up
right
what's the other side - and lower score
wins Oh
getting them so I'm the loser
no way where is the winner by far
then it's mom ah and then you won per
second and Gena said I lost I came third
guys yay Perry won well that's good
because his birth it says well way us
three are going for a manicure we went
to Tala Tilbury are saying bought all
those makeup for to to do to tease make
a Charlotte till wedding and he hates
makeup we're on it Charlotte so late
which October is fabulous and by the way
I'm doing her makeup so good luck to see
hey guys cheese nails all ready for my
wedding
they've got started on theirs I've got
away a little bit so I'm having a cup of
tea you are nails did guys and then I
can take nails loss
did I say Sid did so they say nail Sid
guys may all fake married male minor I
don't know if they called foil or chrome
but I just love them Dale bit tacky but
oh my god I love a bit of tacky and to
tease obviously I just need to go with
all of her outfits and honeymoon stuff
my mom just did a gel polish which is
also quite lovely
well you said what you drawing what
we're doing just doing bit shading you
said my hand it's a terrible yeah just
finished in Lund days and Mama's getting
all Italy this is putting them all
around a pelican color
fella named Hannah ring Philippa
yeah okay right in the last scene we
were in Finchley in the o2 sensor and
basically that was a few days ago and I
haven't blocked since because we've been
so busy it was to seize wedding old
acting didn't vlog at the wedding
obviously cuz - she didn't want me to so
I wasn't on loo they're ruining for her
and so this is the ending of this week's
vlog guys I'll see you next week's vlog
stay healthy guys see on my next blog
bah
