hi guys today's video I am on a platform
every time I get on the tube I see so
many women doing their makeup on it and
I'm just thinking why haven't I done
that because I would save myself so much
time so I'm doing it today and I'm
taking you guys with me I've got
everything I need in this makeup bag
obviously we've gone forth to the bare
minimum so hopefully I'm going to get
full face at this lot need to make sure
I'll get comfortable before we start
guys getting my makeup out I like to
start with my face so for this I'm going
to be using deadlines the imperfect
foundation and I'm going to be using
shade 140 smooth it's so small to use
compact order have SPF 20 which is
perfect and it has light filtering
technology with leave me with a photo
ready finish every time I'm just going
to basically apply this all over my nose
is so weird is on admission so smooth
and silky guys doesn't drag America at
all
blends into my face really easily you
don't spend ages blending when you're
kind of blending - now I'm going to
shake 120 which is called vanilla
aBSI concealer under my eyes because
this foundation comes in like 19 and I'm
even going to use a darker shade to
contour later on I think what's good
about this as well is I don't need to
worry about different applicators
besides just so annoying if you're on
the tube and you're in a rush the last
thing you want to do is rummage through
your makeup bag trying to find
everything that you need I've literally
bought one brush with me and I'm
actually going to use that for numerous
things imagine dropping a brush or a
sponge or something on the floor and
then having to pick it up and you think
oh that's gross
now to go up to my face I'm going to
take shade 190 caramel and we're going
to do this so those subtle you guys
all the way I'm doing my makeup on the
tube I still want to look like I would
if I taking my time at home how.what for
a flawless paste as well
okay guys for a pop of color I would say
give the fixed blush this is in shade
fairy kiss 320 it's going to give me a
bit of life into those teeth think I'll
put a little bit of lot on my nose well
why not
everything is very lightweight and
natural which I think it's perfect for
everyday by the way you can get all this
perfect foundations are all boots and
Superdrug stores now we're going to add
some it's a big highlight for a glow all
over my face this is a 200 pink light
I'm literally just going to strobe this
along my cheekbone can you see that
instant highlight guys also need to do
be super-severe I'm also going to
highlight the inner corners of my eyes
okay and then don't forget to actually
blend it in otherwise you look like got
my stripes which is great you know what
ma'am okay now to set some of my
concealer and the foundation from
earlier I'm literally just going to take
some of this compact powder rocks it off
cause we're going to use it very lightly
I'm literally just observe that very
gently and my eyes I'm using Revlon's
blusher brush but I just feel like it's
actually totally easy to use it for a
bit of everything to be fair so also
it's going to powder the t-zone area
because I get quite oily there it's time
for the brows which I think could be one
of the hardest things to do but they're
going to be using Revlon's Colorstay
brow pencil which is stayed on one side
at a brush on the other if angle to one
side and it's also a bit rounded so it
makes the application a lot easier this
is really really pigmented guys so go
lightly okay now to blend with the other
side which is a rubber rush
sighs sometimes you get lucky and the
two stopped for a while so I'm going to
get a head start and start on my eyes
I'm going to be using Revlon Photoready
quod palette and this is in 501 and
metropolitan that's my planica we're on
the Met line over here in London as well
it's really easy to use there's actually
some instructions on the back if you are
totally to use it but I'm going to use
my initiative and I'm going to go ahead
and get the light pink shimmer shade and
just put it on my lid and then I'm
actually going to get the applicators to
come with it and I'm going to go for the
really dark brown shade over here just
put it along the outer edges of my eye
almost like a winged liner and bringer
to my crease ever so slightly then I'm
going to take the same dark shade and
put it along my lower lash line if you
get a bit messy like I have then what
you can do is go back to the insta-fix
foundation and just use it very easily
to do any touch-up or cleanup
blending with your wonderful fingers
again another good tip is to grab the
eyeshadow applicators because they give
you too
and if you haven't used one then you can
use the end of it dab it to your
imperfect foundation and do any
touch-ups with ease now I need to do my
mascara and for this I'm going to use
Revlon's ultimate all-in-one nobody's
got time in the morning to figure out
what kind of eyelashes you want they if
you just grab the all-in-one then you
make sure you've got every kind of lash
look how small the applicator is well to
get white in all the mythically and when
you're on a moving - that means you're
less likely to get mascara everywhere
okay which we love guys I'm going to
leave my bottom lashes and the scorer
free because that gives the illusion
that your top lashes are way longer than
they are okay guys on the lips for lips
I'm gonna be using these lip crayons
from Revlon Colorstay range and these
are demure and coy going to start off
with coy very softly and I'm going to
finish with the door to fill in the
inside of my lip
welcome together for that finished
feminine
pout and that's it guys I am ready for a
little selfie session before I get off
that's it guys I hope you enjoyed
watching this video and I'll see you on
the next one coming time bye
