good afternoon and happy Monday how you
doing oh shit
and so today I'm making a video but I
didn't expect I'd be making today but I
am because shit has blown off over the
past couple of days big time turns out
there's an issue with this very site
right here
YouTube is filtering and restricting
certain videos from LGBTQ creators or
content that is about LGBTQ issues I
can't believe I am having to make this
video but this is this is actually
happening in 2017 right so YouTube has a
function called restricted mode and it's
essentially to protect kids from content
that isn't suitable for them and if
certain people don't want to see
political and sexuality based or
sensitive content sensitive content then
they can click this and then it will all
be hidden from them and they can live in
their bubble of protection which is
great for kids I have to say that is
great for kids until of course it is
blocking content from gay lesbian
bisexual transgender queer people that
is absolutely fine and safe for children
and it seems to be blocked simply
because of the keywords or the type of
content or because it is simply queer as
that is offensive and that as a process
this is actually happening I can't
believe it I've been inquisitive of
course I have to check what what videos
of my channel were going to be
restricted and censored so I tried it
out and about half of my videos
disappeared and you know what please I
actually want some of my videos to be
restricted I don't want kids to see my
mom reading my Grindr messages me
swearing like a sailor me learning about
the anatomy of a vagina I mean that's
not suitable for young young children
what certain videos such as confronting
a homophobe gun me discussing that I got
dumped gone maybe it's because I got
dumped by a guy and that makes me gay
and that makes a video gay and the kids
can see gays because they might become
gay how to get a boyfriend gone and the
one that pissed me off the most the
video on marriage equality in Ireland a
campaign video image that one that I'm
most proud of of anything I've ever
created censored and gone now I can't
think of a company that is
more diverse and hires a more diverse
selection of people than Google and
YouTube but it simply doesn't exist
they're known for it so then why in
practice does one of the fundamental
aspects of their site fail another
example of this is Tyler who had eight
black LGBTQ plus trailblazers who
inspire me video blocked and even
YouTube couple market even if you go out
to their page before and after you hit
restricted the only real videos that are
removed are the ones that mention
boyfriend love LGBT gay it does they
just vanish that is infuriating it's not
about views it's not about growth it's
not about traction it's not about money
none of that it's about the principle
idea but for some reason these people
their content their relationships are
lesser than that their relationships are
unequal and in some ways seen as dirty
and shouldn't be seen by children what
if a video about sexuality has sexual
content in it then great block it I
agree but not every video about
sexuality it's sexual or it's dangerous
or is dirty this filter is the most
divisive thing that I've actually ever
seen on this platform although youtubers
like Dodie Melanie Callum who make it
fun a very safe LGBTQ content have had
those videos completely disappear as
well I mean this video right here is
most likely going to be restricted
instantly because it's got lgbtq+ in the
title this video is not sexual at all
and yes YouTube's a a very small number
of people actually use this filter but I
don't care if it's just one person who
uses the subject the very fact that it
exists is enough for it to cause offence
and harm this restricted mode is
essentially the digital version of
letting someone walk to a gay couple on
the street and say hey so could you
could you stop holding hands like that
because it kind of rubbed it in my face
great great hanky tears that's what
you're letting people do now this is
pretty controversial but can you imagine
if there was a filter that's blocked say
black lives matter content imagine that
the up for that would happen globally
because
but for some reason it's okay for LGBTQ
content to be restricted and lumped into
the slides and a way and marginalized
it's not good enough YouTube you can do
better than this so whether you need to
get a team together to look at this
keywords that are automatically
restrictive or recreate the entire
restriction system from scratch will
then do it because this is too important
and too much great content is
potentially being blocked from people
that need to see it in a world where
mainstream media film and television and
newspapers and magazines are completely
saturated with albeit beautiful
heterosexual relationships that I enjoy
watching YouTube is the Oasis where
young LGBT kids can find people like
them to not feel alone and to feel like
yes they too can grow up to be loved and
loving successful and happy individuals
I am a living example of someone who got
through the worst years of his life
because of YouTube Davey wavey Michael
Buckley Tyler Oakley these three men as
a man that helped me through my darkest
periods they were not on television they
were not in film they were not on the
radio they were on YouTube now if I
unfortunately had a parent but didn't
want me to see that kind of content that
wanted to protect me from the gays they
easily could have restricted it and
locked our family computer my only
access to the Internet and I never would
have seen those guys and I would have
lived in a world of darkness alone and
unable to get through those horrible
horrible times so even if one kid who
needs LGBT content is blocked from
seeing it that is one too many I can
only speak for myself and friends who
have told me this but we get so many
private emails DMS on Twitter about
these videos that we make these kids
come and watch these videos and they
decide not self-harm they decide not to
take their own life they decide that
they want to set up their own channel
and try and help other people this goes
beyond entertainment this goes beyond
just a hobby this is my job my passion
and something that I do because I know
it can help both me and other people I
am I am in the process of trying to give
back what I so dearly got from this site
but this is blocking that and this is
preventing that and apart from the
effect on the viewer what happens to the
creator's will now we're going to be
terrified to post anything that has any
LGBT connotations anything in the title
anything we say because God forbid it
will be restricted and differentiated
from the mainstream do you know what it
feels like from day one the moment you
enter this world to be differentiated
and called separate called other and
lesser I am in shock YouTube is the one
place life felt was safe and where we
were protected from this type of thing
so what you don't know is it created an
atmosphere where it less inspiring
engaging original LGBT content is going
to be created and you'll probably drive
some young creators off the site because
maybe they don't feel like they fit you
should remember that the incredible
growth of this site has had a lot of
that a lot of it is down to LGBT people
their creativity their passion and their
time that they have put into their
individual channels so don't slap them
in the face with this and you know the
ironic thing is as well this is blowing
my mind
I watched Gigi gorgeous do her video on
this same issue she just made her
documentary with YouTube it's done
incredibly well yet perfectly hope they
are a part of the restricted list and
for me the documentary was made with the
BBC queer Britain there's going to be a
partnership there with YouTube where
they're going to be on YouTube for an
international audience the very fact
that the title is queer Britain will
mean that these documentaries are going
to be restricted the premiere is going
to be held in the YouTube space awkward
the reason this site is so special and
the reason it has helped so many
hundreds of times maybe it's not
millions of people around the world
LGBTQ and otherwise is because there is
no filter is because it's a democracy
and because content is free and flowing
and no dates are batur people over the
age of 18 using the restricted filter
not to protect
selves or protect their kids but because
they don't want to see the gays it's
without a doubt happening and this is
allowing them to block off that entire
sector of society you shouldn't give
them that option if you live on planet
Earth I'm sorry you've got to share it
with everyone we're all in this together
the idea that you can click a button on
the home page of YouTube and blockhead
any part of society is radically wrong
it's just not right so please YouTube
asked on this quick
don't let it fester continue restricting
content but children should not see do
that please put not content simply
because it shows two guys in love two
girls in love or two people talking
about LGBTQ issues hi thanks for
watching the video I want to start a
conversation down below let me know what
you think let me know what videos you've
noticed have been restricted that
shouldn't be restricted and maybe just
maybe they'll listen to us either way
I'm sticking around Big Love trapped in
a couple days bye
