hiya it's read out here welcome back to
my channel party Thursday hello party
hello
when I when I was 17 years old was 16 I
really wanted the piercing mom and dad
completely would like to know this
absolutely not no way not our son so of
course I went to did it anyway and I got
my ear pierced and my tongue done when I
say there was holy war in my house that
is an understatement shit went down
now that was 16 I'm now 25 of 9 years
later and I was in Norwich the other day
and I was bored and I saw that a place
was offering piercings so I went in and
I got one done why not
it's an ugly stuff right now the plan is
to take it out and get like a ring in
air or something which you don't want me
to get oh no the ring is vile
I think it would look nice Dyer yeah I
like to start not the ring the last
three guys I fancy have had little
earrings I have the ring more a little
feather hang in there and I want to try
it out your sheep mum and dad don't know
I've had this done and I thought
everybody's give them common face time
and just give their natural reaction to
the 25 year old son doing whatever the
hell he wants delete your account
thank you news I'm actually nervous
about this what if she just tells me and
tells me never to come home again
she thinks I'm calling her just for like
our weekly catch-up we normally have one
of those with some wine and a bitch but
this is going to be a little bit
different I'm gonna like shift my head
like that to put this ear ahead of the
shot hi what are you doing you all right
what's going on and I wasn't gonna say I
just have a bit of an I got like a bad
thing a healthy one I had like brown
rice and stuff so I wanted to show you
something
it's good no it's real do not like it do
not like it
why not yeah but it's back in fashion
everyone has them now no I am myself and
I like it cheap its ear ring there's
only one face it's a I just I was bored
and ouch
and I saw the shop and I went in and I
said just give us an earring do you know
what my job is mum to eat if I get if I
get a job on telly it's because they
like me not because they they care about
an earring but it's not gonna be like
this I'm gonna get a little ring you
know like George Michael had I'm not
this has to stay in for six weeks and
then what I got well I put it I put it
on Twitter I put up no I think they're
not my followers aren't lying to me
they're being honest I put up an hour
ago and they're all like yeah yeah
lovely it's great
so I hate it shut up don't encourage
them inspire well I was bored when I got
a tone but I wanted it wait I've got one
on my penis that says best tool in town
right down the shaft let me sleep on it
I think it makes me look edgy and fun
have you ever have you ever looked at a
red carpet and seen how all of these
people dress they all are very original
and they've got their own it was a fiver
your grand okay well look
thanks for your opinion and just letting
you know that I've been recording the
whole thing yeah all well what does say
that one of Jesus stuff okay say hi do
you have a message for them
okay well look we can all agree to
disagree
love you okay bye-bye oh by the way I
did not think it would be that bad baby
I am NOT taking a nice no but yeah yeah
I'm gonna I'm gonna get the other one on
that and I'm gonna get the top light I'm
gonna get an Albert what Prince Albert
yeah
you're sure delete your account fake
news thanks for watching I want your
honest opinion forget you've ever seen
anything that they said your honest
opinion down below please and if you
have any tattoos or if you've ever like
had an issue with your parents with
piercings tattoos or anything like that
I want your best story down in the
comments below
damn make sure you follow me on
Instagram Twitter and snapchat all that
good stuff and I'll see in a couple of
days love ya bye
