relationships that bizarre melding of
two human lives together sometimes it
can make you feel on top of the world
euphoric unbelievably grateful but a lot
of the time it can also make you feel
extremely low self conscious wondering
why you got involved in in the first
place by the end of this video you're
gonna have some golden nuggets of advice
and had to protect yourself and if you
want one how to create a healthy
relationship that keeps both people in
equilibrium hello what's going on it's
riad here welcome back to the channel if
you don't follow me on instagram this
it's gonna be very new to you yes
girls I am blonde now this video is made
in partnership with the amazing team mcs
live from work with them over the past
few months to challenge myself to up my
skills and to push myself to the
boundaries of what I can achieve
previously I challenged myself to see if
I could land a commercial jetliner you
can see that video by clicking the link
below or I'll put a card here but this
time we're talking about relationships
because I went down to visit the NCSE
team in Sheffield for one of their
course days where they were teaching a
bunch of amazing young people about
healthy relationships and most of what
we're speaking about today is what we
learned on that day with NCS now details
have to come at the end of this video on
how you can sign up to NCS s awesome
program I tell you it is something you
need to do if you're between fifteen and
seventeen and in the UK my love life has
not been perfect it has been a journey
it has been a lot of times a lot of ups
and a lot of in between the moments and
I've picked up so much stuff that I wish
I'd known before so the first of five
things to look out for when you head out
into the world of dating both on and
offline is ghosting the practice of
ending a personal relationship with
someone by suddenly and without
explanation withdrawing from
communication sans familiar ghosting is
never the answer and it never leaves
someone feeling happy appreciated and
like they wanted no no it pretty much
does the opposite of that you start
chatting it's going well let's go well
maybe meet in person
you keep chatting you chatting and then
out of nowhere boom they just stop
replying you chat back you chat back you
respond you try and get something out of
them nothing they have simply vanished
off the face of the earth what is wrong
with you the funny thing about ghosting
although it has happened to me multiple
times
I am also guilty of doing it to other
people and it was only when I did it
I realize that's why they were doing it
and it was because I wasn't actually
feeling it in one case I wasn't as
attracted to the person as I wanted to
be in another situation someone goes to
me because they didn't want to trail me
down a garden path to a relationship
that they didn't actually want sorry to
say ghosting is the coward's way of
cutting off communication with someone
that you kind of have already started a
bond with how do we stop it to prevent
both sides from feeling awkward or
unwanted we simply be honest sent them a
nice text or give them a phone call and
say hey dude look I don't think that
this is right because it doesn't feel
right and that is enough you don't
actually have to say any more than that
you can't force yourself to want to go
there with someone but what you can do
and what you should do is be polite and
don't leave them in the dark that leads
us nicely into number two be honest
about what you want a former flame of
mine broke my heart without meaning to
do that we both wanted different things
but we didn't tell each other what those
things were yes okay we both wanted
companionship and a little bit of fun in
my head we were building something that
could potentially turn into a
relationship while in his head the whole
time he knew that it was only fun the
whole time so when naturally it came to
the point of me going hey you want to be
my boyfriend he was like huh what and it
all came tumbling down leaving me as a
complete mess and a state I will never
do that again
moral of the story is always tell the
other person what you're looking for
even if it's a simpler thing I don't
know what I'm looking for right now and
I might know in the in the near future
number three the hot topic at the moment
consent we always think of sexual
consent and that is super super
important but consent goes beyond the
bedroom it can be something as simple as
giving consent for someone to take a
picture of you and put it on Instagram
or to go somewhere with someone one
thing I wish I knew about consent when I
was first learning about all of this is
that consent can change you might say
yes I will do that thing with you and
then halfway through doing that thing
you might go actually I don't want to do
that thing any
or that is totally fine even if you
think that the person is gonna get
annoyed at you or feel disappointed in
you or the angry doesn't matter you have
a right to change your consent if you
don't feel comfortable and it's up to
both people in the relationship being a
one-day relationship or a multi-year
relationship to communicate with each
other about what the other person wants
number four mind games
this one is the most tricky one to
understand because someone can be
inadvertently playing mind games and you
and not even knowing that they're doing
it it can involve manipulation coercion
guilt tripping but whatever it is just
remember it can be so subtle that it can
just bubble underneath the surface
cleverly and delicately sort of warping
your sense of reality which is very very
dangerous so if a partner ever says to
you Oh
if you don't do X you'll make me feel Y
then question the validity of that
statement is your action or inaction in
a situation really going to make another
person feel bad obsess or angry and if
it does is that your fault or is that
their fault this could be something like
well if you don't give me your Facebook
password and let me see your private
messages well then you're just a bad
boyfriend or what I've heard a couple of
times is if you don't work out and keep
your body in check well then who knows I
might not be here for very long if you
feel like this may be happening I
suggest go and speaking to a friend a
counselor a parent anyone who might be
able to check you back into reality and
let you know if what's being said is
actually a healthy conversation and a
healthy relationship and the fifth and
final tip to a healthy relationship is
ask yourself are you ready for one
living in a society like we do it will
be impossible not to be bombarded with
romantic films and ads on TV that tell
you that being in a relationship is the
best thing in the world and parents you
Talia are you dating anyone of course
it's gonna seem like the right thing to
do to chase down a partnership and to
not be single but I'll let you in on a
secret
being single it's great I'm not single
anymore I have a boyfriend I love him
Josh I love you okay but the freedom and
ability to explore yourself and other
people while you're single
is a wonderful thing as long as you
surrounded by friends family or
colleagues uni people who get you and
support you in a way a boyfriend a
girlfriend could then you're fine so
before you go out there and put your
heart and someone else's hard to
underline looking for a relationship ask
yourself those very very important yet
simple questions can you give a
relationship the time it needs are you
mentally ready for one are you
comfortable letting another person super
deep into your private life
are you okay we're telling your friends
and family that you might not be there
as much as you were before because now
you've got another person in your life
that you've got to give love attention
and affection to and depending on the
type of relationship you're looking for
polyamorous monogamous whatever it is
are you willing to commit to that with
that person and remember it's not all
serious where the relationship comes a
deep compassionate connected bond you
have someone that you can talk to you
about your issues and your worries 24/7
they'll be your personal cheerleader to
lift you up when you're feeling down and
to make you feel like you can take on
the world with whatever projects you're
working on and you know you've got
snuggles and cuddles on tap please sign
up for the NCS autumn program it's
happening very very soon go and click in
the link below it is for 15 to 17
year-olds based in the UK if you want to
upskill if you want to challenge
yourself if you want to live away from
home run a boost at cv to help yourself
get a nice job or a place in uni then
it's a thing that you need to do and the
slide from other learning and upskilling
that you're gonna do you're probably
gonna make some lifelong friends on the
program while you're doing it too so
sign up for the other program down below
let me know how you get on please put
down in the comments below if you've
done NCS before how you found it also
let me know your relationship advice if
you've been through any of the issues
that I spoke about in this video maybe
we can help each other in the comments
we can answer each other's questions and
just sort of have a little powwow down
below make sure to hit subscribe and
that bell for notifications when I put
new videos up I'm also on Instagram and
Twitter if you want to follow me there
when I'm not on here and I will chat to
you in a couple of days big love bye
