and I show up to the set for the first
day and there's a push-up bra and two
chicken cutlets and I was like ah Chloe
you smell absolutely amazing oh well
thank you thank you first of all thank
you so much for doing this movie this is
what I call the perfect hybrid of art
and activism coming together that's so
funny you say that that's literally my
exact look that's living my line and all
my interview my chance to meld my art
with my activism so just to set up what
this is about
Cameron post that's he you play yeah
she's a 17 year old girl who was caught
kissing one of her female friends yeah
and then she sent off to this Christian
Lance conversion camp and to kind of get
rid of your same-sex attraction welcome
to God's promise Cameron your struggle
is with the sin of same-sex attraction
change when you were doing this film did
you ever go to your two gay brothers and
say guys what did it feel like when you
were going through those times I'm
trying to figure out here why do they
ever jump in say hey this is what it
felt like when we made this movie it
wasn't until we all watched the movie
together at the premiere and Sundance
when my brothers came to me and they
shared a little more with me which I had
been unaware of which is the fact that
they had consulted with the church prior
to coming out with our family they
consulted with the church and tried for
months to pray the gay away and I was
completely unaware that that was
happening in my own family decide I'm
not gonna pray the way I'm gonna be the
way I am well they tried their best and
they they realized that it wasn't having
any effect choice I did the same thing
did you sit in bed at Maya praying to a
god I didn't really believe and think
you know that they'd get these feelings
awake at these women they didn't go away
I just started to think of breasts all
the time yeah which is you know there's
a moment in the in the story when she
tries to do that to condition ourself to
be you know sexually
attracted to the man and she you know
can't achieve that work I've just never
thought of homosexuality like this
there's no such thing as homosexuality
there's only the same struggle with sin
we all face
would you let drug addicts throw parades
for themselves coming from a
conservative family wealth there at any
point with your mother or your extended
family where they sort of said to your
brothers look maybe you should try and
fix this it wasn't an immediate hey it's
okay we were really blessed I mean my
mom was a very very progressive woman so
she was incredible with the way that she
dealt with it but my father on the other
hand took it as an offense to his
parenting in the beginning and found
that he had obviously made a mistake in
some time period but then you know their
childhood he had he had messed up as a
father man of masculinity inside the
boys exactly okay
so that was something that had to be
overcome and just the conversations I
mean I think it changes everyone's
perspective because if you've never
questioned your sexual orientation it's
hard to understand what that even feels
like you should consider yourself
amongst family Cambron you can call me
cam
Cameron's already a masculine name to
abbreviate it to something even less
feminine only exacerbates your gender
confusion right it must have been pretty
hard when I only heard this this morning
you were shooting mm-hmm for 23 days
pretty quick turnaround very quick and
in the middle I had that guy that you
don't like the name of he who shall not
be named tdawg pants they got in but
then you had to do one of the happiest
scenes be happy is he straight after
yeah how did you put a smile on all of
our tears well you know I think it was
really the opportunity to use all that
oppression and that sadness and that
anger that we felt in that moment I was
able to channel it into seen as my
highest form of rebellion my highest
form of activism against the
administration was to give my all in
that moment because
that high point of elation in the script
and the story you know the movie would
have fallen flat in a lot of ways so it
really if anything lit a fire under me
what made you want to go and do movie
that isn't full of dala dala
what wasn't about this because you took
a break away from the screen for a while
you had some thinking time and then this
was the one yeah oh yeah I took about a
year and a half off which was the first
time I'd ever taken a breath after 15
years of making movies you know this
movie was a chance for me to get back to
what I started with was championing
movies that everyone said don't do you
know why do people say not to do this
one it was an unknown director you know
pretty much as a second movie she had
done one other movie that was about her
own life
so that was one thing that they were
worried about they were worried about
the fact that we had no distribution at
all you know the way they see it is a
very controversial movie I didn't see it
that way
I mean I saw this you know controversial
maybe but I saw it as a chance you know
to to educate people with entertainment
and to I'm doing it yeah as a matter of
my brother and I against everyone we
were like I want to do it so we went and
did it and it ended up working out I
think if your top priority is to get
better that should also be true the
people you surround yourself with you
know and you think you're getting better
of course I've been brought closer to
God I can feel him guiding me you're
playing a minority in this film and and
you know the struggle of what it is to
be LGBT another struggle and that would
face you in your real day-to-day life as
being a lady in Hollywood yeah and that
has been you know big news over the last
year or so yeah is it shifting is
changing and before the kind of you know
it became a big topic of conversation
did you face any difficulty it'd be
unrealistic to say that I've never you
know felt unsafe in
as a woman I have four years I you know
became aware of that when I was about 14
that I had to be very aware of my safety
within meetings with adult men because
my brother my mother sat me down and
talked to me I'm very blessed to have
been incredibly insulated by working
with my mother and brother and having
them around 99 percent of the time but
you know that still doesn't go without
saying that I had multiple conversations
that were incredibly you know
inappropriate for a 15 year old to be
talking about with her be prefaced with
are we talking about them sort of
shooting you down because you're just a
girl that's one thing or yeah yeah
sexualizing me in certain ways where I
would be like I don't think I should be
doing that and just you know asking me
to do things and in in scenes and in
movies that was not okay I mean you know
I showed up to set on one movie it was a
very large movie I was doing and we done
all the screen tests and everything we'd
set the looks and I show up to the set
for the first day and there's a push-up
bra on
two chicken cutlets and I was like ah I
didn't I just stopped for the Hoff and
they told me it was a direct note from
the studio head which was a man no no I
told them they can just totally eff off
I asked this question to everybody
because we all have someone that we
would absolutely kill over and die for
who is the one person that you have yet
to me that would just blow your mind
Dolly Parton Dolly Parton I feel pretty
much the same I probably not as much I
would die for dolly have you been to
Dollywood no not yet guy I met someone
actually yesterday that said they they
got to sit in Dolly invited them to sit
in while they she got her makeup on it
was incredible and I my first question
was are the tattoos real because you
know the whole the idea that she's
covered in tattoos well some things
aren't real then we won't go into that
the chicken kappa i was lovely to meet
you and thank you so much for doing this
new yeah i think it's going to really
educate people and give a lot of people
hope and if you are watching this and
you feel like you've been pushed into a
situation you don't want to be put into
or and you've got a kid and you're
worried that they're going down the
wrong route and click on those links and
learn a little bit about how you can
support yourself or that person in your
life thank you why she gives such a shit
I guess it's like having your own Disney
villain and this one won't but use your
call
