hi i'm riyadh welcome back to my channel
and like you we've all been there we've
tried some hipster bullshit in our time
quinoa matcha tea kale but there is a
line one must draw when it comes to this
type of shit now each to their own I
mean you could buy an organic lamp for
all I care but in this video today I'm
going to be going through some of the
most ridiculous insane products that
Whole Foods actually sell in real life
and try and get us to buy care for a
genuine coconut coz we all know those in
genuine coconuts are bastard struck up
to the gym genuine coconut in hand go
ahead guys
our truth oh you're vegan don't worry
we've got two tofurkey hahahaha Oh perky
tofurkey I don't fucking know Turkey
style slices mmm oh yeah
give me some of that just so you got a
feel of the texture
it tastes like Turkey but they don't get
off easy they still call the product too
perky to fuck up favorite late-night
snack too perky and cheap half one
organic tampons when I saw these I
nearly hit the floor mattre care for a
vagina with values natural care for the
pure pussy mattre care for the loving
labia you know we know they're organic
but let's just try the absorbency Wow
look at that that's good
that is very good Whole Foods you win on
this one mm-hm
apple and cinnamon water yes you are
paying for two slices of apple and a
stick how did you get the fuck it out
below how about a tree birch water they
literally said that thing there we could
squeeze that really hard and just sell
whatever the fuck comes out of us it's
not pleasurable it's not doing anything
for me it's secret the antioxidant
manganese which helps to feel tip-top
all day oh look you got fifteen percent
of that amazing manganese which means
that you'd have to drink six and a half
of these a day that would come 286
pounds the bamboos didn't get any easier
it just tastes like what it's just one
water drinking the water from bamboo
trees is known as a good survival tip
when looking for water in the jungle
none of us are in their jungle this is
just sick it's a step too far okay
either you think vegans and organic
people love life border water they
literally killed a fucking Buddha and
put his juice in the poor guy I don't
even know his name
did it have his name on it
and now I'm classes accountable Thank
You Whole Foods they also have a fetish
for making things into chips or crisps
broccoli Monge - and peppers kale
pumpkin pear I just feel it's
disrespectful to potatoes as an Irish
person I just had to call it out so
there you are getting ready for dinner
passes the pepper passes the Himalayan
pink salt rocks how you meant it is it
wears yourself
oh yeah just lick one of them and then
put the food in your mat hmm not even
your dental hygiene is safe a wooden
toothbrush
now let me just go through the potential
risks when it comes to this they are
brushing your teeth normal everyday in
an Elvis organ splinters and wood chips
scraping and coating the inside of your
mouth no regard for human life
look how easily that just snapped into
right there in my mouth look at how
violent that is violent I tell you there
are you want to go for a shower and then
they draw this a chip goat's milk soap
it's called relief does he look relieved
to you does he look relieved to you I
don't think they're essentially out for
you to wash your bits with goat lactate
think of us and then I'm instantly
walking around the fruit and veg aisle
what can go wrong what the fuck is this
shit as I was leaving the store people
were giving me dirty looks they didn't
know what I was gonna do with this was I
going to attack someone was I going to
violate some sort of myself
it's like a radish not even the animals
are safe organic dog food
I kid you not it's chicken I mean I
really I really shouldn't Punk that's
actually the nicest thing that I've
tried so far I haven't you call over a
little Jasper come on little fella come
on you want a treat
how about a coconut stick dogs don't
want fruit when's the last time you're
watching a movie and the burglar sneaks
into someone's house and he learns I'd
the Doberman with a coconut stick or a
mango stick if I get sick after this
this is all your fault anyway if I miss
anything
let me know what have you seen at Whole
Foods or other stores that's just insane
put it down the comments below have you
tried any of these and like the video
share it with some of your hippie
friends no hate is meant by this it's
just a laugh you eat and drink whatever
you want hit subscribe if you haven't
already I make videos each week and my
Legend of the week is someone who I've
mentioned before but this time it's very
special and the lovely Emily who watches
all my videos her mom is finally
cancer-free I'm so happy for you Emily
and give her a big hug and a kiss from
me and I'm so happy that you two are
finally in the clear and able to relax
again
chachi in a couple of days love you bye
Shh
we had looks like a bottom tops we'll
give him eight soon oh that's so bad
