it's like tomorrow
hi I'm in Berlin why am i in Berlin
orange is the new black season 4 it is
back Netflix called me like two days ago
and they're like hey wanna come to the
premiere join I like hang out with the
cast and be on the red carpet and
bringing me I was like yeah sure I am in
a serious rush because the flight was
delayed by 40 minutes they're not too
bad
sweat patches why did I wear grey why
the luck on my back is broken you're
kidding me oh my god head the fuck get
off look I almost didn't get it off that
would be an absolute disaster when I get
all stressed out my veined Harry pops
out of the middle of a forehead too fast
hi Mary
just woke up from a nap hence the head
one meet my bestie hi this is qui veut
thank you for not filming me I'm gonna
lie even in shop but we're gonna get
ready
put on some chins and try and make
ourselves look presentable
y'all gorgeous I've got half a face look
sexy lady damn
should I open another box
sure how you doing it look at that
little Tish gonna fight it okay
krazee-eyez oh hi I need to meet you so
we are two youtubers from Arnhem wk hi
you can we have a 20-second tutorial on
how to be crazy okay here you go I want
to see you do what I'm gonna tell you
what to do coaching is a big coaching
you tell me so tell me some work I think
is something you love desperately now
get more excited more more MORE there
you go oh my god to be crazy eyes that
was pretty insane yeah we're going in
that watch at Episode one of season 4 I
can't I can't even the animal trap trap
trap to the cages for the cast of the
show have moved to a different part of
the premiere which is over wait over
here
if this white tent and apparently yeah
we're going to meet them look who I'm
with lovely Lea and crazy Kate oh I
wouldn't be saying that no man was live
and iron right now and go away you're
kidding Ultra know that I did not know
the idea well she lives the go away
which is another Jay yes ok 1 2 3 double
bleedin hack here got axes of yours
give us a bless of it there you're like
I love it
but look Celia he goes very naturally
into it because in the Irish and in the
Russian it's in the back of the throat
it's all in the back of the throat if
you want to know why why is it cold just
answer yes is it wet just answer yes is
it them yes and what is the alleviation
for all of these things
lift them alcohol launcher if you have
the chance to talk directly to mr.
Donald Trump now what would you say to
him in this moment right now you have to
understand that I'm Sicilian so I
wouldn't actually say anything nor would
I speak directly to him I would sneak up
behind him and hit him with the biggest
hardest thing that was in the verb and
then I put him in the trunk of my car
and drive him to New Jersey where he
would never be found
following that you have to understand
that I'm Irish he wanted you know the
IRA I just well I know the person no but
we do inside of me Shelton II yeah it's
done it's done so between the Sicilian
in the Irish woman the idiots
take a note oh we take it out I am
terrified of you and you do the same
ah that's it can we go close what is
that what do you call it about like
you're sucking on a lemon
yes and then the eyebrows automatically
go up you saw would happen don't play
with Gloria you keep messing with her
mr. Donald Trump what would you say to
that man right now
Popoff
I mean this is very clear here you know
what I'm saying but I'm supposed to
behave I was told not to speak politics
but fuck off
congratulations on episode 1 you looked
at my boob when you said I did didn't I
just a picture
I'll pay man the spider-man costume hey
Joe
wanna spray that web on none of mine
