right that title is not lying 48 hours
in New York City with my boyfriend - you
might not know of yet he's been all off
my name scramble very little on the
channel so and hope you like him his
name is Josh and I'm madly deeply deeply
in love reading like a debate with Obama
in a minute
so thomas cook airlines they sent josh
and i on this whirlwind 48 hours to the
Big Apple to sort of cram in as much as
we physically could there's a lot to get
through so let's go all right oh yes can
I take a scratch on one thank you
can we take two thank you
we landed we got to the hotel we
showered ourselves off and we got
straight into town because there was
another second to waste on this
guess what funds we made it
cannon move I love you because you are a
special kind of baby starvin calm
looking for something traditionally me
or key so I guess quite large okay so we
ordered a couple of starters just as we
wanted a small bike welcome to America
murica on the top of our list was to get
to the Stonewall Inn where the infamous
Stonewall riots happened back in 1969
able to pack a semi secret gay bar about
nine or ten please some of them
undercover stormed the bar and start
arresting people a lot of people who
were in the closet apparently were Isis
and it was the beginning of the LGBT
liberation movement not just here in
America but saddest part I confidence
now
stand up for who they are around the
world that was following the air 1970
here in New York that they had their
very very first LGBT pride march we're
free cause of them yes I think we're
gonna go for a pint America yeah I mean
we have to yes so why we were in the
Stonewall and a lovely guy at think his
name with Mario came up to us and he
said hey you guys look like tourists you
want to know where to go tonight we're
like at yeah so he told us we had to go
to this bar called lips lips is a drag
bar not just we're drag queens perform
but your waiter waitress is a drag queen
it is drag queens wall-to-wall ceiling
to floor drag queens everywhere okay we
got a table we didn't think we would
what Mario failed to tell us with that
this particular night at lips was dirty
like and what they mean by dirty is
there are no rules if you're offended
you can't be there wait it's sad because
most of the content I film there I can't
show you it was that filthy morning time
and Josh had the master plan that we
should go to to Central Park and have a
romantic date day I get a robo and just
Robocon I sent more and more Irish every
day don't and go into the lake in the
middle of Central Park and just have it
gay all time hallo baby - yeah it's a
sour one have you done this before
yeah can't you sell no create Riyadh
Pam
yeah yeah really not very good babe what
we didn't expect to see was about fifty
people holding silver balloons reading
marry me on the bridge over the lake now
of course in that moment I thought maybe
I can hijack this and do a sort of a
shotgun proposal Josh ah no snow oh
yeah
somebody's getting married the proposal
signed isn't for you but it is causing
everyone so to create a gridlock in the
middle of Central Park we're just
waiting for someone to come around that
corner and be proposed to we don't know
who they are this is a new friend
Lindsay and her fella is it that is your
fella isn't it hi Misha you thought that
was for you as well now
yeah why not
not yet
I know that's yeah it's the following
morning and we are in a stunning
swimming hotel in Newark which is in New
Jersey just outside of New York City
it's like an apartment oh you know ain't
it nice it's a small quieter time but
this is where they're going to have a
pride March today
okay so update it is the morning of
Newark right it looks like it's gonna
rain over their rights cry every day of
the year
no matter what the weather even when
it's rainy so we have an hour and a half
maybe two hours had a push to go and
celebrate up ride with our we're
brothers and sisters of New York then
we're gonna head back here and straight
to the airport well is it like I said it
looks bit of Fringe now the thing about
prices no matter where you are in the
world it's always the same sort of
feeling community warmed together nests
strength inspiration all of these things
especially if you've got some people
there who are having their first ever
pride experience
this is a mother-daughter relationship
what they try to pull mother you are why
aren't all mothers like Newark was what
we had here was a group of people that
wanted to find the community in a place
where they might feel a little bit
invisible at times so it was an absolute
honor to walk with these people to sing
dance and party with these people as
they celebrated their pride in Newark
yes New York City pride enormous
absolutely mind-blowing just like pride
in London and any big city what Newark
pride was unbelievably special because
you could feel how important it was for
the queer community there and I made so
many lucky friends that day
oh yeah Thomas Cook Airlines thank you
so much for looking after Josh and I so
well if you want to get to New York City
they do flights direct from Manchester
which is where we flew from I think
there's a flight every day in and out so
I check that out in the link below if
you want to have a similar fun time in
New York City also I'm gonna put some
links down in the description below of
all the things that you can do in New
York City that Josh and I have done on
different occasions different trips to
NYC and as always like comment subscribe
share video with anyone who is going to
New York in your life and if you want a
notification any time I upload which is
about once every week or two hit that
little bell below the video to get a
cheeky little notification that I have
put something on the Internet
Big Love Big Love see you later my
eyebrow oh yeah they're all drawn on my
happy place
