hyah I'm riyadh and by the title of this
video I'm sure you know what this means
we have reached on this channel right
here 100,000 subscribers but what does
this mean fucking nothing
looking is any better nothing is any
worse but what it does mean is that I am
not entirely shift at making video and
of course you clicking on that red
subscribe button has made the 3 or 4
a.m. video edits no friends
no social life crippling self days
online abuse absolutely worthless
and in case you missed it on Instagram
and Twitter I did film the moment that
we talked over the 100k
and let's just say I was excited as the
fine girl team Justin Bieber's penis for
the very first time now I know there was
champagne already but that was for me
mum and dad this is for us but me
because you can't have this well that's
good because I guess have more they
ready ok so 100,000 subscribers to me to
you and to all these videos and to many
many many more next year
holy shit oh god okay now for the kind
of sloppy lovely stuff in 9 months I
have gone from virtually no subscribers
to this 100,000 milestone which I cannot
get my head around I'm so so grateful
but not just that in those nine months
multiple dreams of mine have come true
not just one dream or two dreams tons of
dreams have become a reality in less
than a year and I just want to go
through very very quickly the crazy
things that have happened in this short
space of time because of you because of
this channel and because of just this
amazing website that we call you - I
made a campaign video pleading with the
Irish people to vote YES for
same-sex marriage in Ireland and true
that I was then asked to speak on CNN
BBC and NBC News about why Ireland
should vote yes I got my mom to read my
Grindr messages and got over three
million views on that I called the most
hated woman in America shirley phelps
from the Westboro Baptist Church I went
to VidCon and did a Q&A with some my
subscribers I went to somewhere in the
city in London and did my first ever
meet and greet with so many amazing
people that watched my videos I got my
balls check for cancer live on camera I
appeared on a primetime talk show here
in Ireland with two of my right close
YouTube friends I called my childhood
bully and talked it out and put some
really bad memories to rest and moved on
speaking of friends I have made friends
more friends yet more friends all over
the world through this channel I was
asked to give a speech about my channel
to 300 people at Google's European
headquarters
I read main comments with the iconic
panty bliss I ate the world's spiciest
sandwich I teamed up with the Human
Rights Campaign for National Command I
say I learned how to be a stripper and
danced like Magic Mike visited Pixar
studios and interviewed the makers of
inside eyes I featured in a piece on gay
times with the one and only Joey
Graceffa I marched for YouTube and
Google at London pride I started the
design process of my merch and of course
one of the loveliest things that I've
gotten to do is to become friends with
youtubers all over the globe and and
these guys have decided to get together
behind my back without me even knowing
to film a video message for me
congratulating me I'm reaching this
milestone so and let me just get my
laptop here we go and together we will
watch what these guys have to say
honestly Riyadh and I really really hate
to tell you this you're just
embarrassing yourself you're
embarrassing everyone around you you're
embarrassing me a hundred thousand
subscribers are you fucking kidding me
really I think you're okay but I don't
want to watch your stupid
fucking videos you literally made one
good video with your mother because
she's hilarious
how she managed to give birth to
somebody as unbelievably dull as you is
absolutely beyond me
I kind of just wanted to ask you to
maybe not be so good at what you do
because when you are so awesome it makes
the rest of us look like shit so if you
could kind of just like turn down a
little bit dial it down that would be
much appreciated
so yeah stop making videos are nasty
congratulations on hitting 100,000
subscribers that would have been big
news if it was 2007 when I hit a hundred
thousand subscribers and my
brother-in-law made me that poster today
I'm gonna make you a present
all right it's not the way it is then
I'll tell you what you can do you could
just go fuck yeah I'd hit a hundred
thousand subscribers oh shit you know
this means he's gonna make more don't
you you're not really a personal
favorite of mine I think you rely on
your your sexuality a little too much
for me it's a bit too gay and I'm a you
know I'm a bit of a fan of actual humor
okay we add I know you may think that
you're a real honest-to-goodness
youtuber now just because you tricked
100,000 accounts into subscribing to you
first off change your name I don't know
what kind of Irish nonsense you got
going on already like two H's in your
and your name but don't even need to be
there I'm so delighted for you that
you've hit a home two thousand
subscribers in less than a year it's sad
it's so unreserved and I just I'm just
so happy
I didn't really intend on making this
video nor did I want to but yeah Riyadh
Congrats for a hundred K I don't know
who would spend their time to watch your
videos I think your hair looks
disgusting yeah but just give up like
I'm so sick of seeing you in my
subscription box we add honestly
congratulations I'm not gonna lie I love
your channel to that time convincing get
a real job stop making videos in the
internet I feel so bad for your family
hey Ryan just wanted to say a big get a
life okay bye react react react you can
use any one of those to self
congratulate yourself because you know
that's what you do best what you always
do didn't have a shape using photo booth
before I put in as much effort as you
know you deserve Oh agh put it together
and you have a bunch of mother but I
really just wanted to say how proud of
you I am and that I think that you are
such an amazing crater and so
inspirational keep going I love you and
congratulations well there's a real
friend maybe you can learn from him yet
jealous well Cheers
thank you again for being here with me
on this journey and I know everyone says
that it's real fucking cliche but I
wouldn't be doing it if people weren't
watching the video so knowing that there
is someone there to somewhat enjoy the
shit that I'm making by myself late at
night is is a lovely feeling there will
be many many more videos lots of plans
lots of fun shit ok ok I'm gonna go now
and I'm gonna finish this on your back
love you bye CH Oh hug fun stuff meant
to say if any of the people you saw in
this video today no matter how shitty
there were to me if you want to go and
subscribe to them I'm gonna put all the
links to their channels down in the
description below
and I highly recommend that you check
out some up done by
