hyah I am Rihanna we are here I am
wishing you a Happy New Year and I hope
you had a nice Christmas was it good did
you get drunk now cuz you're underage
that's fine soon you will be so probably
get into hair stuff can I just say thank
you so much in advance I am about to hit
100,000 subscribers looks like it will
happen this week and there will be a
full celebration video with something
absolutely mental crazy and exciting
happening anyway to this the hair you
are gonna ask or a fade on each side and
around the back I usually go from a 1
into a 2 and then a harsh line so you're
going from quite short to quite long and
then get them to go in choppy and thin
as the top and front keep a book with
away in the front and it's gonna go from
short to long and you get this so it can
be color the pop pompadour we're calling
this a messy man quit for net we're not
gonna go to fancy before you even go
near your hair you need to get wet you
need to get wild have a shower and I
shall do that match
I'm showered and fresh and free and I
look like a mixture between a wet rat
and a lesbian Oh can't say that sorry if
your PC and work handed it was only a
joke
we all know lesbians don't shower there
are 4 products that I'm going to show
you that I use and this is absolutely an
unspun surf video each of these products
I just genuinely love and I use I've
been through a lot number one is this
stuff here it's sea salt spray and it is
essentially just water and sea salt you
probably make it yourself so you want to
get the hair back and I do the Bay three
or four sprays across the front and then
run your fingers through and then I do a
couple around the back as well and what
this will do is give you that sort of
beachy sexy I just rolled out of bed and
I look like this anyway sorta look next
grab your friends hair dryer I always
use a nozzle because I just want more of
a focused blow of air onto my head
alright so the first thing you do is
just blasts loosely and randomly the
front part of your hair and get that
fringe back okay so now you want to go
to the side and what find that
separation between where the show
haier joins the long hair blow-dry
straight down the short part so that
it's nice and flat and flush with the
side of your head now instead of using a
brush use the natural brush that God
gave you your fingers and use that to
style and pull the hair in the general
direction that you wanted to go whilst
blowing it and I like to get the front
pull it slightly to one side and then
blow-dry it back over
just pull it in nice sort of straight
looks slightly wavy lines if that makes
sense now along the other side you want
it to go straight back nice and slick
and nice and flat against the side of
your head then go back to the front and
I usually grab some small pieces and
blow-dry them while pulling them forward
okay now you look like an egghead next
up is add this top here this is sort of
just a volumizing powder and this is my
Schwarzkopf this is mattifying powder
gives you a bump it's what I like to
call it it just makes it a lot more
stiff there it is to do that I do it
along the front and then a little bit at
the back just in the parts that you want
a bit of volume so I don't really want
any volume in this section here just
here cuz I'm going to go big and then
down get your fingers through where use
a place that powder and I just give it a
little wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
wiggle wiggle and get it all the way in
and then to the base and just sort of
gently place the hair in the general
direction that you wanted to sit the
hair just hasn't got the strength to
hold its shape so I put in any type of
Matt clay will do I I don't like a sheen
in my hair I think it makes it look like
there's a ton of product in it and again
you want it to look like you just woke
up and went I'm a god of naturally
gorgeous that is probably a bit too much
so I'll take a little bit of that and
put it on the back of my head just in
case I need it and then you just put it
into the center of your pan and just
where we will and look you can't even
see it but it is there to take a residue
and I start from the back and I go messy
messy messy just rub it through rub it
through go like that right into the base
and they're going to work on and the
important bit which is the front so I
just go really gently just through like
just to finally close the hair this side
here I place my hand right on the
hairline and I just go back and forth
back and forth back and forth so it's
not just all the products on the outside
and nothing on the inside it's it's
right way through to your scalp and then
a little bit more back your hands and
then this side goes back back back so
this slide is down and flat this side is
back and swept and you want to go almost
all the way oh and then four day today I
think this looks like a bit too much so
I just break the fit break it up break
it up make it look a little bit more
natural I think that looks pretty nice
you might not agree but that's mostly
the final final step is to add in the
hairspray so I go from below and I go
you know it kind of moves the hair as
you go across so two or three sprays all
around these are your critical 1015
seconds to do any last last bit of
shaping my hair these side bits
naturally grow directly out they don't
grow down which is really annoying to
what I do they give this a blast here
really close and you get your hand a
warm hand and place it there and you
hold your hand there
for about 10-15 seconds and what happens
is the hairspray with the heat of your
hand will set and keep that nice and
flat for ages for you oh look a poofy
so there we go that is how I style my
hair and it doesn't have to look like
this you can make it look even Messier
again if you want
so go forward to make yourself look
gorgeous and will you please send me
pictures on Twitter Instagram wherever
at showing me your version of this or
how you style your hair and a tree at
Kay on all platforms I want to see how
you get on and if there's any products
that you use that I haven't shown in
this video that could make this look
even better than it does put them in the
comments below and like the video please
subscribe like this week's legend of the
week is lasondra
he says what do you call a Mexican that
lost his car Carlos I'm really forcing
myself to laugh but that is but that is
quite good
I give that one to you we do like it
stereos
around here thanks for watching and I
will see you next week bye I put my
cleanser on it's the one that you just
saw and then I put it on to my skin like
this and I just moved around in circular
motions you just wash everything off
after doing that for a minute or two and
your skin just feels so smooth
