hi i'm riyadh okay i'm just added to
shower tonight i'm gonna go on TV a
national talk show here in ireland so
i'm just getting ready and I'm gonna
bring you through the whole thing
backstage and Melanie Murphy who I know
you know is gonna be on with me and my
friend Clare as well and there's gonna
be a few drinks backstage mom's getting
ready how you looking you're gonna be
she's gonna be in the audience and with
that because obviously you're a big part
of my channel isn't that right yeah
that's right okay time to get ready take
a verse here in like 20 minutes cool mom
what'd you think yeah why the funky cuz
the third like torn just getting into
the car fancy
thank you mom dad what is the word that
you're not let's say dad and yeah and oh
yes none of the world are you know he's
a lovely guy the TV station here in
Ireland is called RTE and it's known for
this massive like what they call it the
Irish Eiffel Tower I'm gonna in a rant
that means happy Christmas and Irish for
the show okay and this is Karen the
stage manager say hi Carol oh how are
you
apparently a mountain is in here getting
her face on before me televisions are so
excited we're going on prime-time though
don't show them that my secrets my hair
is not you like this okay money and a
cup actually Jason hello
just
you know the bit where people walk on
and when they introduce them this is
like the steps backstage and then around
that corner if the audience look I'll
show you
15 seconds until we're live holy fuck
10 seconds let's
our extra guests have managed to stand
out from the crowd and become YouTube
stars with you please welcome Claire :
Riyadh Calif and Melanie Murphy
yolo grace Cheers
read how do you become a YouTube star
YouTube sensation tuck shite in your
bedroom number worn this to be an
absolute attention seeker which I've
been since I was a kid I know my mom's
gonna talk about trash here's Riyadh and
it's poor mom Lorraine I've got a nice
package for you if you want to unwrap us
this is Riyaz mom Lorraine how did you
come how did he convince you that I'm
actually still in shock and a glass of
wine was a good car myself in public you
can't you don't even know no please
what's the long-term what's the long
smile
sadly you too good-looking London smiley
bollocks okay here's the Southie
hello again oh dear it is the next day
and I did not film an outro for the vlog
because I forgot there was some wine
involved but what a night oh my god
myself and Clare and now me had such a
good time and make sure you check out
the link below and for the full
interview that link is alive for about
three weeks and then they take it down
so if you're watching this in a couple
of months and it's not there I'm sorry
at this week's legend of the week my
second ever legend of the week is the
lovely Jenna Rose on Twitter she did
these two really cool at it's of me
where she put flowers in my hair and
made me look like Lana Del Rey so of
course she is the legend of the week and
go follow her now and make sure you
tweet me or Instagram me any fun
inspirational funny things over the next
week thank you for watching and
subscribe if you're not already and I
have a really really fun video for you
coming actually really fun could be
Thursday this week actually
we'll see fine we are gonna teach you
how to make that person that you find so
attractive find you also super
attractive look at them in the eyes for
that little bit too long because if they
see you do net they're probably gonna do
it too and then you're both doing it and
then you're staring into each other's
eyes and boom pregnant
