hello i'm riyadh and today I'm gonna be
giving you some gourmet gorgeousness
because the guys at Denny fire and
smokes have have challenged me to make a
manwich what is a man which I hear you
ask it is a very manly so much the
hottest sandwich on the planet well
number one we have some fiery chili
peppers are varying different degrees we
have extra spicy habanero tabasco's
fiery harissa chili powder and flakes
and for a little bit of Asian fusion how
about a full tube of wasabi paste
delicious now I know you must be
thinking Riyadh are you actually going
to eat all of this you must be crazy yes
yes I am the first step is to delicately
and finally cook what the business noise
the first step is to very delicately and
finely slice your Chili Peppers into
many many pieces
no go hard or go home you're a man you
don't go near brown bread or whole-grain
you're gonna like cut that thing in half
spread it split it half and tear it
whatever you have to do get that
habanero Tabasco and shake shake shake
until there's nothing left to shake now
this man which is a manwich of the
quality we will not forget our Asian
brothers and sisters you will squirt the
entire tube of wasabi onto that bread
liberally and then spread spread spread
mix it let it soak in you're a man you
need meat if you're a vegan or
vegetarian get out Danny fire and smoke
ham is your next ingredient pilot slap
it on there
we want layer upon layer upon layer of
pig get them pre pulverized Chile's and
apply them liberally to the top of your
language and last but not least to give
it that extra kick just a touch of
harissa extra spicy chili flake don't go
too wild you don't want to
humming ambulance I can't get them all
in mom I am known for liking the odds
spicy treat to make sure I get as much
bang for my book let's say we're gonna
cut right down into the middle so I
don't miss any of that lovely goodness
oh yeah I'm actually can you see my eyes
are dripping I can't eat the whole thing
I'll just see Oh
oh god oh god oh oh no don't get me the
Mel care
I won't vomit oh my god it's burning all
the way down I've never felt anything
like in my life bloom oh oh oh every
every hole in my body is leaking I'm
swishing natural yogurt that's how much
I that's what I am will you take a bite
oh please no way oh thank you for
watching
ma'am I can't feel my mouth this time
was delicious make sure you try and make
your own manwich and send me a picture
of it on Twitter use the hashtag manwich
and you could win yourself a trip to go
snowboarding for two amazing if you want
to enter that competition the details
are in the description below and check
out my other videos please hit subscribe
hit like if you enjoy seeing me in pain
goodbye I love you now when it comes to
products my personal preference is
all-natural stay hydrated I recommend
this one I swear by this one love it I
recommend just like you know a normal
lighter you just to like
