are you ready yeah I am are you ready hi
i'm riyadh and today we're doing
something a little bit mad this is my
friend that donna
hello she happens to be a doctor and a
youtuber at the same time you know why
don't we make a video where we actually
use your talents so she's gonna do a
testicle exam on me exciting right
are you okay with testicular cancer is
one of the most common cancer in men
aged between 20 and 35 subha egg this
mostly demonstrates the consistency that
it should be not necessarily the size
but but not hard okay yeah okay you
squeeze that kind of like dumb don't do
that to me no don't like please don't
your doctor are you ready yeah the woman
be genital that I know I know but she's
on that because that's really
disrespectful well normally I'll give
you privacy to undress but seeing as
much progress that's fine
okay so the first thing that you do is
grab the toolbox in your palm make sure
they're sitting nicely in your palm okay
then between your fingers on your thumb
you need to roll the balls okay of each
side they compared it when I've I said
you're looking for a spam consistency
but not hard okay so you wallet and a
Bob I'm behind the testicles is sort of
like a calling to you there what is that
it's called the epididymis look around
the sack the scratch of the skin around
there trying to make sure that there is
no redness no swelling okay I'm first
impression does that look like a healthy
or bringing heavily okay okay you're
supposed to check your testicles
regularly okay what's regularly how
often every day that is the best time to
actually examine your testicles because
then the testicles are well relaxed in
the scrotum okay so you're looking for
any pains or aches Oh
secondly if you have any irregularity
like it's like you feel nodules if you
have any you know where colored seminal
discharge so if you in Jack you ate and
you do see that there's a mixture of
blood or that also raises a red flag and
of course the number one thing is
testicular enlargement so if you know
that your balls are getting bigger than
they normally wear it's not necessarily
a good thing it's gonna sound a good
thing so Cosatu doctor Issa so go forth
boys check your balls daily
doctor and the YouTuber so if you want
to click and subscribe on our channel
just click on our face or go into the
description below and yeah if you want
more videos for me just subscribe and I
will see you next time bye and really
what you want to say is Jesus your
frizzy bitch
