hello I'm riad I make videos right here
on YouTube and I want you to know a
little bit about my life I put out on
Twitter Instagram on Facebook
ask me anything at all and I will answer
it in this Q&A video and yeah that is
beer in a wine glass oh is classy how's
your mom recovered from looking at
Grindr has she had or is she tempted for
another look I can't get her off the
bloody thing she's gone and downloaded
it on her own phone just for shits and
giggles at my time and who's your lady
crush Jesus where do I start
Oprah is at the top most plates are on
your iPod but it's not a song it's a an
album the soundtrack to Titanic
what's going on in your mind that I have
to read these out and it's preventing me
from drinking this guilty pleasure food
okay you think you're gonna freak out
about this see you know those instant
noodles the chicken flavored ones only
half cooked so they're still crispy and
then you put in mackerel with a fried
egg that's chopped up into pieces and
then cheddar cheese that's melted on top
dear Lord
it's amazing I promise how many people
have you kissed in your lifetime my
first ever kiss by the way was a girl
called Julianne and Wesley teenage disco
and it was one of those kids is where
you don't move and you don't close your
eyes you just go and you just do the
washing machine the washing machine I
probably will have kissed 10 to 20
people a year that's a hundred and sixty
people I feel like a slut do you even
consider on living in the US or anywhere
head side of Ireland absolutely I don't
know why I don't know how but eventually
I think I would like to live in London
la New York Sydney when you had your
first ons what so now we're nice we're
gonna google it what I'm getting for
OH&S is office for national statistics I
presume that's not what you mean OMS is
one night staff I do remember my first
one-night stand and it gives me
nightmares to this day because I
absolutely hate them the thought of
getting naked in front of someone that
you've never met before ever in your
life you know nothing about you you know
nothing about them and you're just like
come and get me I at least want to know
someone for a week before we go
kissy-kissy could be cuddly who is your
youtuber inspiration that is very easy
for me to say it's gonna be Tyler Oakley
he is the first blogger that I ever saw
and was the first person that made me
want to start doing this it's amazing
for me tonight see him as a friend of
mine so Thank You Tyler do you have any
summer vacations planned we say holiday
here I actually do I'm going to LA in
July the end of July start of August for
VidCon which is this massive youtuber
convention I cannot wait that I'm doing
at an event on stage if you're going to
VidCon make sure you tweet me and let me
know that you are because I
actually traveling alone do you have any
tips for coming out especially for the
editing by parents only do it when
you're ready if someone like a friend
tells you that you've got to do a quick
tell them now this is my life and just
make sure that you are completely
comfortable with who you are before you
make that jump if you do want other tips
and then to comment I actually made a
video with two of my YouTube friends
Melanie and James you can click right
here if you want to see that video how
did you react when you saw two of your
videos get 1.5 and 2.5 million views
each yes it was a mixture between this
and this thank you what's your favorite
pok√©mon Charmander if you were in a boy
band which boy band would you choose
obviously wonder action I mean and also
I'm half Iraqi so I could probably take
over from Zayn no problem at all snog
marry avoid Tyler Oakley Troye Sivan
Connor Franta
I wouldn't avoid any of them because I
kind of fancy all three of them a little
bit snug Connor Franta for sure I would
marry Tyler Oakley and Troye Sivan snog
marry
what is your weirdest habit I don't
really have a weird habit but I do have
a bad habit I bite my nails from time to
time because I'm quite an anxious person
I am trying to stop when I have the anti
nail white ship has just tastes like
hell in a bottle did you ever have a
boyfriend yes I did I had them a
long-distance long-term relationship
with someone in the States and Hank
Phillippi are still friends we still
talk all the time and I think he'll
always be a part of my life what if
something bad or not you did as a child
that you only know about okay I there
was a package chewing gum that was on
the counter in this shop and I think I
was about 6 or 7 years old
and I just took it I wanted it and I
took it I didn't have money and I added
and it was delicious what are your hopes
for your career to make YouTube my job
and I guess eventually to be Jimmy
Fallon I'm coming after you how would
you propose to your man there that you
can get married
did I would do one of those tacky
over-the-top produced films get your
whole family your whole street your
whole country involved tight proposals
and if someone proposes to me and does
that on a beach with a bottle of
champagne with no one else around
I'm gonna say no this is a good one a
questionaire yet if you could go back to
your child's self again what advice
would you give don't hold back on stuff
that you want to do because you're
afraid of bullies are you afraid of what
people will say like these videos that I
make now I always thought although
people are going to think I'm so stupid
talking into a camera but it's something
that I have a huge passion for I love
making YouTube videos so say what you
want I'm still gonna keep making them if
you're stranded on an island what two
people would you want with you I say for
banter and chats it's either gotta be
Oprah Stephen Fry Meryl Streep someone
to look at and potentially kiss and
stuff I would say Nick Jonas Nick Jonas
Nick Jonas or Nick Jonas how do you keep
your hair up like that seriously that
shit defies gravity
yes I agree there's no easy job I use
three products in particular first of
all this special powder yeah you put it
in like that see it there and it's just
that it gives it a bit of a boom I did
say boom this is that so doesn't do that
what they do that with a hat don't they
I don't know why
lore'l and putty paste stuff and then
there's the key key ingredient is this
stuff it is like liquid cement like
concrete and you just pull this one up a
day and I do like about five to ten
seconds like that let that try and then
a gap and then again like that for five
to ten seconds so you got the two coats
you let it dry and then once they're in
you can start it
pickle ate it kind of shit Nampa do you
have any pets favorite dog or cat breed
yes
Cavalier King Charles all the way know
you thank you for the question thank you
for watching and if you have any more
questions you could just leave them on
Instagram Twitter Facebook and I have a
very very fun big video coming next week
something I'm really really excited for
you to see I'll see you then bye so I go
oh my god look at your hair it's so full
of volume is your hair real or is that
extensions when really what you want to
say is Jesus your frizzy bitch
