shyam riyadh ad this is Melanie Murphy
hello this is super exciting because
this is the first collab I've done I'm
the first person I feel so I'm out on my
channel yeah Wow so this video we're
going to use to go through the five
different types of bitching that exist
in this world bitching type number one
is the bonding bitch the bonding bitch
is my favorite where you meet someone
that you've never met before and you
together become friends through bitching
on the same subject mutual hate for
example you're at a house party you've
never met someone before and you're
having the chats and there's someone
else in the room
that you both just really don't like and
they essentially bring you together and
you bitch if you do it well yeah yeah I
feel that way too so annoying yes I am
yeah I know you so much bitching type
number two is the righteous bitch this
is a type of bitching where someone is
such an asshole that they simply deserve
to be bitch today y'all have that one
Facebook friend who just is begging for
compliments they're putting up selfies
oh my God look how shit I look today
when they blatantly look gorgeous you're
entitled to bitch bitching type number
three is the violence back bitch Melanie
your hair looks a bit shit today did you
wash it didn't think so well I'm really
liking your outfit is it from Penny's
did you get in pennies pennies are great
aren't they bounce back bitch the fourth
type of bitching is the diversion bitch
the diversion bitches where someone is
attempting to bitch about you about your
life or who you are you divert that
bitch in that line of attack by taking
them and bitching about someone else for
example say you've got two sisters one
sister comes to you and says I can't
believe you borrowed my top when I ask
it it doesn't even look good on you you
jump in there and say well did you see
that Stephanie our older sister she's
been using all of your panty liners and
tampons and your mascara without even
asking can you believe that diverted and
say
say bitch and bitching method number
five is the backhand bitch this is the
worst kind of bitching that anyone can
do it is a bitch and insult dolled off
as a compliment in America this is
called shade or throwing shade or the
Regina George from Mean Girls effect so
I go oh my God look at your hair it's so
full of volume is your hair real or is
that extensions when really what you
want to say is Jesus your frizzy bitch
society bitch oh it is thank you for
watching and I did film the video with
this lovely lady earlier on you can go
and check it out on her channel by
clicking on her face now and make sure
you subscribe as well cuz she's a legend
hi Mazz death muffled aah Greta get that
Nutella Nutella okay okay ready
yeah okay bye
