hello i'm riyadh at last week i had a
video that went a little bit viral where
i asked my mom to read my Grindr
messages they haven't seen he can click
right here one of the comments under the
video was from the one and only shirley
phelps of the Westboro Baptist Church I
mean I was a little bit starstruck I'm
not gonna lie they hold those God hates
fags hug God hates America God hates in
everything signs this is what happens
when the fag enablers turned the country
to the fags these people are going to
hell ideally I go to heaven I mean
that's the plan boss now I'm kind of
thinking what am I doing wrong
she knows so I better give her a call
surely this is a riad k here from
YouTube you left a few comments
underneath my video there grinder I
guess I don't want to ask you if I had
to get it
just one question is when they ask well
she's obviously in a bad mood today
I'll just leave her voicemail with my
questions
I'm calling about gay rights that's X
thank you for calling hey Shirley how
are you babe if I burn all of my Lady
Gaga's CDs will that get me into heaven
if I get a job as a mechanic plumber
carpenter Jesus was a carpenter if I
chop off my quiff and get a bull's cut
can I get into heaven then if I promise
to never have any gay sexual relations
on a Sunday can I get into heaven what
if I promise to wear these hideous work
man rises for the rest of my life I mean
they got pockets for my tools I will
never listen to and perfectly lip sync
another Taylor Swift song for the rest
of my life maybe a little bit of Bruno
Mars at the weekend and Shirley horn
just one more thing would you ever sort
out your bloody hair no one's ever gonna
take you seriously looking like that
especially not the case okay hung let me
know what you think
love you bye bye bye bye bye bye fight
fight okay where you get these from I've
got a nice package for you if you want
to unwrap us
