time for another candid conversations
with Connor hi how's it going what's up
this is like such a mood it feels like
quite the bots I hate that word I hate
it we're seeing a trend on my channel
it's about actually feeling good about
yourself today I want to talk about
something that everyone is lying to you
about this is something everyone
including myself is a big fat faker
we're all phonies every single person in
your life is a fraud okay dramatic time
we bring the lights down a bit thanks
Diane the thing that everyone you know
and love including me has been keeping
from you is we're all just faking our
confidence I don't know about you but I
have never met one genuine person who is
actually confident people have confident
moments they have confident days they
have confident in in my case minutes
I'm not saying confidence in itself is
non-existent but I'm saying it's rare if
impossible to be a fully confident
person that's the lie or at least that's
the lie I feel that people have always
told me that some people are confident
and some people aren't or you can learn
to be confident otherwise you're just
not going to be now there are many
different types of confidence confidence
in your appearance confidence in your
work confidence in your relationships
and I'm here to say I for one have
struggled with every single one of them
I struggle with confidence issues
frequently and that's super normal it's
super normal to somedays wake up look in
the mirror and be like wow I look like
trash it's completely normal to be
working on something or to go to work
and then come home and be like wow I
want to quit my job
I can't believe Steven even hired me I'm
such a fraud it's normal
everyone has been lied to you
when I'm feeling down like base on the
floor down like my body needs to sink
into the earth down it always comforts
me to think wow
Rihanna's felt this way too at one point
or another as where Miller's face was on
the floor it happens to everyone I may
have not even noticed but I got a
haircut you also may not have noticed
but it's a lot shorter than before
just last night a typical Friday night I
was like mmm I should shave my head
and then I reeled it all in and I just
shaved half my head and after I shaved
half my head I thought oh my god what
have I done then I proceeded to think I
have never felt uglier in my entire life
and I canceled all my plans and went to
bed
see how that happened but today's a new
day I woke up I thought about it I fixed
it around and now I'm like damn who that
boy who that fine piece of seared tofu
I'm a vegetarian
everyone has moments where they're not
confident most people are just faking it
do I like my hair right now
debatable am i pretending to like it to
prove a point yes is this the whole
reason I decided to film this video no
but it was convenient timing have I put
our work into the world before where I'm
like wow so this is what the end looks
like all the time the biggest thing that
I think people need to learn is the two
ways accept or adjust it's total BS when
people say the person that you are is
the person that you will always be
that's not true
the person that you are can be the
person that you will always be but the
person that you are can also be adjusted
to be the person that you want to be if
you don't like something about yourself
adjust it you don't need to change
yourself you don't need to alter
yourself but you can adjust yourself to
become the you that you want to be that
works for a lot of things do you want to
change your body go for it if you want
to be more social or upgoing
practice that it alternative to that
acceptance is totally okay to the world
likes to think that we're all trying to
be one
people in the world like to paint it
like everyone is trying to be this
certain type of success or the certain
type of body image or the certain type
of personality says that ain't true
anytime I'm trying to adjust something
about myself I'm always constantly
faking it until I make it if I'm not
feeling confident I'll try to make
myself look like I'm confident and
eventually I just convinced myself I am
and usually it works pretty convincing
just a little food for thought before I
let you guys go one more thing for this
video I actually partnered with Samsung
and more importantly I'm a part of their
new make series you've always a part of
the series my episode is all about my
grade of process and photography let me
just tell you it was such an amazing day
we were on set photographing a musician
called could ever who's a part of my
record label heard well and with me was
an up-and-coming photographer Sophie
Sahara and it was just really cool we
had all these amazing photoshoot
settings dynamic lighting breathtaking
wardrobe and then we just tried to
capture a bunch of images on our Samsung
s9 pluses if you want to learn about my
creative process and how I do
photography go click the link down below
and go check out my episode of make and
just know that when you watch it I'm
faking it as much as I can go in with so
much preparation and knowing exactly
what I want to get out of it I have to
fake it until I get that so click the
link down below go watch that episode
and think about that as you're watching
it such a fake bitch anyways everyone's
are having a nice day I hope you are
safe there's a lot of things going on in
the wall right now so I just hope you're
taking care of yourself if you enjoyed
this video and want more candid
conversations like it please like the
like button and leave a comment down
below what things would you like me to
talk on candidly I'll try my best ok
I love ya and I'll see you soon
