so a few weeks ago my house got broken
into and I walked in on it happening
like I came home to a burglar in my
house and I'm physically fine
I treated about this and everyone is
being very sweet and concerned but I
just wanted to make this video to to
further explain the story and kind of
walk you through what happened because
that was the only thing I'd mentioned
about it and to be honest it's been it's
been far more traumatic than I realized
and that's not to gain sympathy from
anybody but I just want to I just want
to tell the story because I put it out
into the world so here's the story this
happened during the middle of the day in
the middle of the week I have cameras I
have a security system I have a fence
like like by all standards it probably
shouldn't have happened but it did so I
don't need advice on how to how to be
safer I guess and you know weird way I
just know that you should be as safe as
possible because apparently this can
happen to anybody so it was a normal day
it was the middle of the week I had
gotten up went for a very long run and
went for like a 10-mile run so that took
up a large majority of my morning I was
pretty exhausted but then I had plans to
meet up with a friend I hung out with my
friends for a couple hours I came home I
was here for about an hour or so
and then I realized that I hadn't been
in town for about a week so I needed to
go get some groceries locked up my whole
place didn't turn on the alarm which now
again I anytime I leave my house I'm
turning on the alarm but at the time
didn't turn on the alarm I was gonna be
gone for like thirty minutes so I just
popped out popped in done deal
so I left locked up and I came back with
my groceries and the house that I live
in has a giant gate all the way around
it very much think like castle moat the
situation it'd be it'd be pretty hard
honestly to climb over the fence it's
pretty protected it's pretty secure all
of that but so when I pulled up in my
driveway I sat in my car for for a
little bit for a couple minutes maybe
like three to five minutes just on my
phone you know texting or looking at
Twitter or something and then I got out
of my car
and went to open the gate to then bring
the groceries through inside because I
had heavier groceries so I just want to
open the gate first so I did that I went
I opened the gate I turned around to
open the boot of my car and picked up
some heavy waters and as I was turning
around the gate is like you know four
feet in front of me maybe I turned
around to walk up some stairs through my
gate and there was a person standing
inside my fence in the doorway
essentially of my gate he was a he was a
really big person he was minimum six
foot to minimum of 250 pounds honestly I
think if I don't want to exaggerate here
I think he was even bigger than that he
was wearing a grey hoodie jeans and then
a white painter's mask that went across
everything so the only part of him that
I could see are his eyes and this big
man had appeared in front of me inside
my gate right next to my house so like
any normal person I yelled what the
because I was I was really shocked and
and not even scared necessarily I was
just really confused as to what was
happening cuz he wasn't there when I
opened the gate and then he was there's
like split second later as I turned
around so just confused me and as I'm
taking this all in I'm slowly getting
more and more uncomfortable and scared
looking face to face with this person
you know only four five six feet in
front of me very close to me but before
I know it he kind of walks down the
stairs and then just jogs off down the
street and I just stood there holding
some waters confused but also like
physically trembling I I was clearly I
was clearly in like a fight-or-flight
mode where I was like I felt like I
needed to run but I was scared I was
shocked and I guess I couldn't I'd never
had that feeling before I'd never had
that feeling where I was so frightened
or startled that I couldn't move like I
physically froze but so as he's kind of
jogging away I very much realized like
this is not okay this is wrong no one
should be painting my house like what he
was wearing was very pedestrian and
civilian so he but but the white
painter's mask kind of threw
me off like he kind of looked like he
could be a construction worker or
someone paint I don't know so in my mind
I was like did I hire someone to paint
my fence I don't know
so he's running away and I realized this
is wrong and my mind is quickly like
wake up Connor okay like unfreeze
something's wrong so I pick up my phone
when I call 9-1-1 as I'm talking to
9-1-1 I'm going I'm kind of like looking
down and I'm like I think at that point
I went inside my house and I was telling
them that I think someone broke into my
house it was really confused
I just got home as the middle of the day
and then when I came into my house still
on the phone with 911 I looked across
the room and adore a glass door was just
shattered just every piece of it was
just on the ground shattered so clearly
this man was inside my house as I pulled
up to my house and I'm still talking to
them I'm telling him yes I'm definitely
broken please send help he was just here
please send the police please and I
looked and everything around my house
was relatively okay but my bedroom was
absolutely like destroyed like just
closed like it was as if someone had
poured out my dresser and opened up
every drawer and just throwing
everything out like it just looked like
like a bomb went off essentially like
everything was just exploded out of
every drawer and cupboard in the room so
at that point I realized that like that
had happened it had happened so I ran
outside and like Meade I don't know if
this is like me being like I'm gonna be
heroic now because then I started like
running around the block looking for
this man and which is stupid in
hindsight I don't know why I did that
because again I don't remember if he had
a gun or a knife or any form of weapon
but he definitely wasn't holding
anything that I saw but I mean he was
wearing layers of clothes who he could
very easily have something so in
hindsight that was stupid I should have
just I should have just locked my I
didn't even lock my gate I just like
left my gate open I ran inside I don't
know I was frazzled and confused at the
time so yeah then I proceeded to to wait
for the police
and it slowly started sinking in kind of
what had happened and and frankly like
what could have happened it's still like
I'm try I'm trying honestly
because it's been a few weeks now not to
think about these these hypotheticals
and these what-ifs because it'll just
drive me crazy if I if I think about it
too much but I can't help but wonder
like it would he have still broken then
if I was home or was he watching me and
like waiting for me to leave or any of
that I don't know or like if I had
walked in physically into my house and
he was in here would he have pulled out
a weapon I don't know like all of that
I'm trying not to think about frankly
because it it makes me just really
anxious but honestly the more I like
analyze it and think about it he had
only gotten to my bedroom
so I think when I pulled up and I sat in
my car texting on my phone he heard me
pull up and he had time to kind of
figure out where to exit I guess or
something like that because that
honestly could have taken long to like
destroy my room that quickly it probably
was just him he was in there for a
couple minutes so I I called the police
and the police came and I filed a police
report and did all that all the legal
work and everything as far as I know he
didn't even take anything I think he I
think he didn't have time I think I
drove up exactly as he was breaking in
so whether that's that some you know
coincidence or fate or something like
that I don't I don't know if I'd be fate
but whether it was just like a weird
freak coincidence yeah I don't know but
it was really really scary to be
honest the more I think about it the
more I think about just like how big he
was and how close he was to me and the
fact that he walked down the stairs
right past me and I seriously could not
move I've never felt that way before
that I was clearly scared but I could
not move so now I have so much more of
an understanding of that when people do
that in movies or people talk about that
that they were you know frozen in fear
I'd it's a real thing that's a that's
very much a real thing it could have
been so much worse so I do feel very
thankful that that none of those other
alternatives happened I still don't know
if like somehow I left a gate open or if
it was or if he was watching me or or
any of that but but I don't know if I'll
ever know that frankly they came and
they like looked for print
and stuff like that and did all of did
all of that detective work which low-key
like I shouldn't even be glamorizing
this but it was like low-key kind of
cool like a female detective came and
she was dusting for prints and I was
like oh they really they really do that
never been around a situation like that
so I had hair like explain it to me and
everything and I was really right
frankly just like curious about it me
just trying to make any part of the
situation seem fine and I'm trying to
like laugh about like within 24 hours I
was really trying to laugh about it and
he actually not even within 24 hours
within like an hour to one of my friends
is over here helping me like clean up
some stuff and do all that and I think I
made the joke with him like two hours
being like well good thing he left the
place cleaner than when he broke into it
or something stupid like ah which I
guess that's that's the better approach
than me crying myself to sleep but
quickly to I wanted to talk about some
weird things that have happened
afterwards
by no means am i trying to like
minimalize any sort of mental disorders
or any sort of traumatic experience or
anything because I'm undiagnosed with
this but I have I have low-key PTSD from
this situation I've never been that much
of a jumpy person I've ever been too
paranoid or anything like that and for
the past two weeks I I swear to you I've
been nothing but during the day during
the night everything I I just I'm on
edge all the time and if I hear anything
the wind a you know a leaf falling
people outside anything I freeze I have
that same freezing feeling and my body
just kind of locks up even if it's just
for a second it still happens and I've
never had that before
one of my greatest fears has always been
that someone breaks in in the middle of
the night and like there's no I don't
have like a fear to follow up what
happens after that but it just like that
has always been very scary to me so the
fact that it kind of happened I think
has unlocked like a further part of this
fear in my brain so
we're definitely gonna go to therapy to
work through that just well had will add
another thing to the list some other
things I was on a run just like two days
ago and I was running up a street right
next to a building am I on my left and
as I was coming out there was like a
street ahead of me so as I was like
running onto the sidewalk there was a
man running like like yards and yards
away nowhere near me but just the the
sight of him running towards me made me
jump
I swear six feet in the air I was so
scared at a man running towards me and
I've never had that before
like it would make sense if you if he
actually was like within feet of me and
it was actually kind of frightening but
he was nowhere near me and it really it
really made my heart skip a beat so and
then the other night I had convinced
myself that there were three people
outside my house trying to break in
thought I'd heard something and then I
was looking at cameras and stuff like
that and I just I could somehow convince
myself that more people were breaking in
so I'm just I'm fully paranoid and
that's the worst part about this I do
feel lucky that that no one was hurt
nothing was really broken or taken or
anything like that but it sucks that it
sucks that it's really kind of messed
with my sense of security in my own home
and that it's making me feel this way
and I really hope that sometime soon it
doesn't make me feel this way because it
sucks and it's not fun to live alone and
to feel scared by it it's it's really
not not fun but yeah that's kind of the
story behind it I've definitely left out
a couple details I'm sure but but that's
that's the gist of it thank you for all
of your your kind and sweet messages
thank you to my friend will and my other
friends who offered to have me stay at
their place like every night they're
still offering for me to stay at their
places but that night my friend will let
me stay on his couch and we watched a
movie and we hung out and we joked about
the whole thing so he made you made it
infinitely better before I knew it there
were people here like boarding up my
window and people like ready to come the
next day to fix the window and all my
friends did
so so thank you to all of you there -
they're like to many of you that like
we're really really sweet to me to list
your names but you know who you're you
you know who you are but yeah I just I
wanted to upload this before I uploaded
another video because I was on such a
good roll like that burglar because
I was on such a good roll with videos
and I was feeling so great and not only
did he take my sense of security but for
a moment there he took kind of a little
bit of my happiness so like like
you that's so but I feel like by
uploading this and again talking it
through it just no-one's gonna have to
ask me any more questions this is what
happened it's done it's in the past
things are fine moving on moving moving
whichever way we're moving on I hope you
guys are doing well be safe
tell the people you love you love them
and I'll see you soon
