okay hey what's up everyone today I'm
here with coming coming
you've never been on my channel no I
haven't I'm so lonely yard evil twins as
much as when Miranda has a bit on my
channel one time long ago so we decided
we're gonna film a collab together buddy
and I've never been to Colleen's house
of like so yeah you have a table we have
a table in the kitchen and how obvious
and all the things all the things but
today we wanted to play a little game
for with you guys I came before you guys
go to play a little game for you guys
how obsessed we are gonna play at the
urban dictionary challenge so basically
the urban dictionary challenge is where
you pick a random urban dictionary word
you try and define it and that's it I'm
excited yeah I'm excited too because
urban dictionary is weird inez lots of
weird words I feel like I'm gonna be
terrible at this
so how does this work we just write it
on the piece of paper and then we reveal
it or how does it work yeah and I'm
trying to equate how do you get points
oh you have to say who is better I guess
we have random words or the funniest
very dirty penis that has become so
crusty that the crust has broken up into
powder and resembles ash I was way more
literal when you know dick is dry and
the skin is flaking off like Ash's
suggestion try lotion
there's no sexual intercourse for a long
period of time ah wait so we're
surprised neither of us were really
current appointee okay instead insta
lurking in still lurking instant lurking
okay in silicon when you like someone so
you creep on their old Instagram photos
insta lurking Instagram lurking okay
when he stalked someone on Instagram for
a long time and linger on one of their
photos you are insular cool and good to
linger on what you're like standing in
for long what a creepy visit I was like
have you ever done that like gone way
back oh yeah and the worst is when
you've gone what oh yeah I found a way I
don't like definitely but like not so
far I'm pretty far back I got Freddie
far back because I want to see what they
look like a really long time like hello
Kylie Jenner's Instagram I like go way
way back I thought that one do that the
progression of her lips actual
definition I'm waiting any pictures yeah
creeps on their oldest yeah on their old
cuz I didn't say anything about doing
their old one okay one point five two
point five like this thing do you feel
intimidated I'm so intimidated by you I
feel like these are all phrases
I just I give up like this looks like
chicken scratch anyone say chicken
scratch anymore yeah on mine shit when
you are super on top of your test for
the day and you're super efficient
you're on your shit so like okay I'm on
my shit I got everything done to it okay
I thought of like the completely
opposite to be honest on my shit when a
person is nagging you are bothering you
to do something they're on your ships
they're on your case the competition is
like this one one too many times
show me in school like it was like write
a paragraph on what this means I'd write
like ten pages like trying to make up
some to make mine longer I would make
this font 12.5 or the periods this point
by yes I just do that once I got caught
and it was so embarrassing - so bad I
don't know what to think
trifling biatch when a person is
constantly bothering you about something
I don't know when a crazy girl is making
up lies about you she's a trifling
biatch
she's like a country actor actually be a
trap him my husband's from the south
it's rubbing off my husband's from some
of us can dream trifling bitch
a backdoor girl a girl who can't be
trusted
who's all about opportunity and doesn't
care who gets hurt her feelings are
never really turned off and on based on
what's in it for her
oh wait that's my Twitter bio all right
quit being such a trifling I'm sweating
okay give me some face stuff give me
some face time when the BAE wants some
Skype sex he wants to see the baby
we've all been give me some face time
when you're texting someone so much
constantly and you're sick of seeing
their words and you want to see their
face give me some face time the urban
dictionary challenge adopted the next
round I'm just gonna be like dick dick
dick dick yeah lollipop when you want to
hold their hand really tight cuz you
love them that's describe this you know
it's hard
okay I'm gonna make mine up on the spot
okay sounds good okay when someone asks
you this you better commit to running
away because if they have Hulu don't
them don't the shit out of them the old
one come back child booze for the old
ones I think you answered my question
when you're past Netflix and chill you
watch a doc on Hulu and you're basically
married
oh no you you've had Netflix and chill
already yeah we've done that lets in
show multiple times and then one day a
girl is like hey there's this great
documentary on earth on who can we watch
it and then instead of Netflix and chill
you blue and you fall asleep I feel like
I know it now like I feel like I did it
like once you Netflix and show too much
you're like you better yeah that's good
you just want to know we're gonna play
now that we're moving on we're gonna
play a little game of seeing what I mean
our names mean and Urban Dictionary yes
so we're gonna look up our names people
have tweeted me parts of you doing no
not the whole thing I just know one
specific part so clean uncannily
fashionable girl yes I am who breaks
heart and eat them for breakfast oh and
the other
is an Irish girl because an Irish people
eager girl
at least my have you seen it yes Connor
Connor person with large penis the
truths out everyone oh my God look at
this Isaac he must be honored it kind of
doesn't like me said Connor you expect
greatness wait can I look at Miranda
sure it's like I'm done I'm done I'm fun
well Miranda's is really long this name
means admirable and lettin Miranda are
very eclectic through she can be
extremely intelligent hmm I'm going yeah
sweet talented and gorgeous all at the
same time I mean doesn't it kind of
perfectly describe Miranda that's it
that's it that's it that's it Colleen
one hunter one with his wiener okay so
if you enjoyed this video make sure to
victim so that was fun that was awesome
man if you want to check out another
video go to Colleen's shadow what do we
do on your channel : we tested out
99-cent store products they were
pregnancy tests their bacon bacon there
was sex lube there were whistles that
glow it was a lot a lot of stuff so if
you want to check that out click
Colleen's face or click below and while
you're there subscribe oh thank god not
only because she won because she makes
good video and if you're from my channel
you need to subscribe to corner right
now or else you will have bad luck you
know those Instagram posts you see
they're like organized I post this you
have bad luck and you'll never have
children you'll die at age 12 you don't
worry tweet in 10 seconds your fave will
not notice you so subscriber your name
on this that's a new tactic um yeah okay
I think we're
go
