oh hey there
so this fog is a little bit less chaotic
than the as I'm saying yet I realize I'm
totally lying
this vlog is all over the place I'm
currently in London for work and
pleasure it's actually really weird when
they say work or pleasure because it
seems dirty either way I'm in London
doing London things there are a few
stories a few life lessons and tons of
cute British things but much like last
week this is still mediocre at best
it might be a little too early to
foreshadow but remember this part it's
important I think this is the most tired
I've ever been oh my god
look at my eye so tired you can see it
scratch that other clip scratch that
other clip this is the most tired I've
ever been
look at those bags accidentally slept
from midnight until noon you don't know
what to do wherever I help me I mean for
a moment I thought it looked like art
but it just kind of I mean it kind of
looks like a fetus yo can we take a
moment because I'm editing this and at
first I thought I was a little bit kooky
a little bit jet-lagged but like look at
this image I found my coffee in fact
does look like a fetus but I
literally dream about this breakfast it
is life-changing also did that girl just
ask what a Groupon is
girl get it together Karen
that felt like a personal attack hello
good afternoon welcome to Connors
imperfect what did I call it the for
welcome to Connors mediocre at best bog
part 2 today Connor Franta is brought
that's not British why can't every think
of a British ello I'm Brit I can't think
of a British accent oh god of offending
millions this wasn't there was no
alcohol in this this was filled with
water I also just realized that I'm
wearing the shirt that I bought in the
last vlog nobody cares
hello and welcome to Connors vlog please
stop talking I'm currently in the UK for
London Fashion Week and for a YouTube
creators for Change event so you know I
got lots of little lots a little good
the weirdest thing happened ever since I
uploaded the last video I've felt
inspired again which is really weird I
did not expect that to happen I did not
expect me to make that video feel good
about it it get a good response and me
want to make another one me want to make
another one and like isn't that the
point of this shouldn't I want to make
content again I mean like I mean bless
you can see the happiness on my face
it's natural it's glowing I just did
that effect and so doesn't fit the theme
but I'm leaving it in my earring kind of
matches this quick story time oh my god
remember that part at the beginning I
told you to remember bitch it's time so
like I said I'm in London right now and
on the way here this is something
backtracking for a second I'm from
Minnesota and people who are from
Minnesota famously do not like to
complain or bother people or be a burden
to people so that's just like engraved
in my brain and personality and I think
it's forever going to be there and I'm
kind of fine with that I've
accepted it I'm the type of person that
if the waiter were to give me the wrong
order at a restaurant I would just
accept it I'd be like no no it's okay
it's fine you know I don't eat meat but
I'll just I'll deal with the steak it's
fine really it's fine it's so fine it's
okay you know whatever so on the way
here I was on a plane for 11 hours and
on that plane you get two meals one of
the meals I got was a salad appetizer
and then some sort of like rice and
chickpeas Bowl so they bring out the
salad appetizer to me I'm eating it very
slowly it's delicious it's got some
grapefruit some leaves very refreshing
the tag yourself I'm some leaves citrus
based I feel like I'm flying in a luxury
box 30,000 feet above the ocean lovely
who could complain I'm about halfway
through the salad I'm about to take like
my 10th bite when in my peripheral
vision I'm about to take a bite I can
see looking down at my salad something
moving there's something moving in my
Safa head right in front of my salad and
honestly at that point I had had like
two glasses of wine so I was even more
chill than I normally am so I'm trying
to process this I'm really confused
nothing should be moving in my salad
it's just there's something funny about
saying salad I don't know I set down the
fork I look down and I'm not crazy I'm
not on drugs
I may be a little tipsy but there is a
caterpillar in my salad thirty thousand
feet above the ocean fly long story
short in typical me fashion I had the
quick moment of do I tell them make them
feel bad as in like my act of telling
them is going to make them feel bad
they're going to stress they're going to
try to make me feel better it's gonna be
a whole ordeal just too much for me to
handle I don't want the attention I'm
fine I'm tipsy
I enjoyed half of that cell if
potentially can
zoomed another caterpillar but really
who knows or do I just just cover that
caterpillar up push it aside walk away
and pretend it never happened
caterpillar in the salad I didn't see
nothing I did the latter of the two I
had the option to freak out but I didn't
and there's something about that that is
both expected yet makes me very proud of
me that's my story and I'm sticking to
it
okay guys and gals I got to go to a
party my friends got a house therefore
we got a party this really should be
filled with alcohol now what am I gonna
wear story of my life what am I gonna
wear my third book title what am I gonna
wear I get a little bit nervous when I
think wait when I think about you
it was just it was all for the
continuity the visuals I'm only now
noticing that sign says do me later
please on it so these are these are
children's sunglasses by the way they're
not even
that B was not having it did you see the
way it jumped at me I look disgusting
but I just stopped for like 20 minutes
oh my run to look at all those flowers
how pretty
life is pretty I love life okay I'm
going yeah I ended up going back there
two more times don't judge me Karen this
is probably so American interest of me
but I'm sure a lot of you haven't been
to London I guess I don't know why I'm
making that up I don't know that maybe
literally every single one of you has
been to London but look how cute these
houses are home look how beautiful look
at all the colors all the buildings are
pretty and a lot of them have colourful
Boers - oh I love it just makes me happy
and it's so damn gay happy Pride Month
everybody yeah my level of cute
aggression when I see this it's it's
beyond words America can never okay
folks that's it sorry I look absolutely
disheveled right now I just got out of
the shower and I'm off to the airport as
always if you enjoyed this video please
click the like button and leave a
comment down below what should I be
doing better or you know just like
compliment me we love charity okay I
love you I'll see you soon
hope you're having a great week if you
do this video click a big thumbs up
leave a couple of do
red like a tomato
