gee that sounds really good right now
what it's kind of weird tell me an
extra-large physical pain same let's go
tell other people about it listen to
this joke
why did piglet look into the toilet he
was looking for poo hello okay I thought
it was funny I did too
that's why I said lol but you didn't
even hey nice shirt you like it yeah
looks really good on here okay I'll make
sure you say you like it because it
needs more like if you don't say it
doesn't count I like it thanks for the
validation
you know there's beauty and everything
but not everybody sees it true very
insightful we just need to look deep
into nature and then we'll truly
understand everything better
my Nova we are when did I become friends
with Shakespeare Lily I just saw an old
lady die on the street but you're never
gonna believe what happened next
aren't you tell me someone else called
9-1-1 and she was totally okay it was
crazy
yeah what's crazy my mom said I can go
out tonight
oMG they are woah WTF oh well we friend
rose
who is she how long you been hiding
there Lily I've got a story to tell you
but I only have ten seconds to tell you
it before I need to go okay what's up so
I was walking down the street and then I
saw Connor Connor in that sense that was
the list that was the list of things
that you had written for us to perform
yep that's what we did done did it well
for everyone who doesn't know this is
Lily aka superwoman on YouTube thanks
for being in my video no worries it's
not like I've never had you before we're
like really collab champion I feel like
oh my god can we like I don't know Lord
for that thank you like I ship it I used
it so it's a work in progress
yep it's one book reference hey buy it
links below so yeah if you guys enjoyed
this clan make sure the big thumbs up it
validates us in all those fields and if
you didn't know we made a video on
Lily's channel what it wasn't about Lily
it was if my phone were a person that
was me as the phone she was the phone
that was a person yep yep so if you guys
want to check that out click down below
or click away space and subscribe while
you're there because Lily makes awesome
content that good content feel the feels
the context okay we're gonna go so kind
if you enjoyed this video be sure to
thumbs up leave it alone
extra-large Lily you're never wait Lily
I just
so I was walking down the street and
then I saw
