Hey hi what's up I have no idea what
this video is I think it's just the
result of me being absolutely bored to
tears of sitting down in front of my
camera so I just I've logged a bunch of
stuff I never vlog this was truly
uncomfortable enjoy whatever it is
you're about to consume it's mediocre at
best have a great day good morning this
is a side of me you never see sleeveless
subtle beard growing beets weird
despite what you may think I'm not 12 I
only recently discovered that you can
wear hats when exercising and then you
don't look absolutely disgusting
brilliant revelation Connor only took
you a quarter of a century to learn that
one oh my god she's walking with weights
Oh a queen I'm training for a marathon
so I'm going for a run
we're here we've made it I'm going to
now run right there just right there
like I said mediocre at best
twinkle twinkle what is that mine okay
now when I come back I'm going to be
really sweaty I just saw a little 12
year old driving a car we should vlog it
this way because when you turn this way
oh my god this folks is what it looks
like to run ten miles honestly there's
fully a glitch in the simulation because
how the hell did I just run ten miles
what am i kc nice nap I should just fog
like this because I actually look
hideous the only reason I was happy to
run ten miles is because that means I
burned a thousand calories which means I
can eat an extra thousand calories oh
god I can't wait we
in about four seconds I'm gonna explain
how excited I was to get the last
everything bagel at 25 this is about as
exciting as it gets
genuinely gagged I got the last one and
a kombucha it's a good day I told you
mediocre at best it's that's this is
only from why does it look that bad oh
my god
and don't go tanning but now I feel like
I have to great you don't know why I've
kept they're clearly dead
it looks like I'm naked I'm not nice
look at this this is everything to me
myself if you ever come to LA fun fact
go to you this place called bagel broker
in terms of normal locations this
probably isn't that cheap but to get
this everything bagel this egg avocado
tomato cucumber because why not it's
like three or four dollars so I'm just
stoked about it
plus I got a kombucha blueberry and
basil delicious probiotics and living
bacteria in hindsight that should
totally freak me out more than it does
living bacteria I think in kombucha
there's also like point zero one percent
alcohol so as crazy as it gets in this
household at this point you must realize
I'm not even kidding
I mean I know you have too much caffeine
but like how much is too much caffeine
all I know is I'm dangerously close to
that level this really happy buddy she's
done not sponsored but cashew milk is
delicious
perfection no sugar needed I'm not
falling for that the sugar industry is a
scam there are always so many sirens in
LA and I feel like I should be more
concerned than I actually am flashback
to 24 hours ago when I was in this exact
spot and having a subtle mental
breakdown do you think I'm kidding
roll the clip yeah I don't know I just
feel like I hate feeling like
for no reason at least I wish I had a
cleared definite reason for why I feel
unmotivated and unproductive and just
sad isn't it funny what 24 hours can do
to a mind depression I can joke about it
because it's a part of my narrative
okay iced coffee look at my my cute
little leg my shorts adorable I can't
decide if people are going to hate the
fact that I've been recording this on my
phone and now on my laptop essentially a
potato and like a sweet potato low key
that was that was quite a sound analogy
they do the job but do they do it well
to clarify there's no beef with potatoes
it's just with my phone in my laptop you
get it I kind of want to try to get back
to my roots a little bit I feel like
recently the reason I don't film a lot
of things is because I've become
obsessed with making everything look
perfect I've become transfixed on the
idea that anything I post needs to have
a purpose and it needs to be executed
well which is like not healthy because
obviously life is nothing like that it's
fine to post things that are perfect and
that seem that way but not only that
that's just ridiculous my god my leg is
hairy my toe hurts from running can we
just acknowledge the fact that I ran 10
miles today look at me go during my run
I almost got hit by a car the look
and I was running in which I run in like
once a week or once every couple weeks
is this spot in Beverly Hills because
usually there are no cars there
everything is a four-way stop it's
filled with rich people that don't leave
their homes but yeah somehow I still
almost got hit by a car
I hate also the whole time I was running
all I thought about was I made a joke
about the simulation but all I thought
about was being in a simulation the
entire time I was running I kept
thinking this is a glitch in the
simulation I should not be able to run
this far this easily like it felt great
that shouldn't happen and then I was
thinking about wait if we're all in a
simulation technically doesn't that mean
that we're all in individual simulations
or is this a Westworld type simulation
where everyone is in one world because
it's just as likely that I'm in a
simulation that's completely unique to
me so does that mean none of this is
real
none of you are real Oh clearly I'm on
to something or I've completely lost it
everything was constructed around me
it's my family real this iced coffee
real yeah I've definitely lost it taste
real so who cares okay I'm gonna go back
to watching TV bye
I'm about to go out and I just did my
hair and I normally don't put like
anything in my hair today I decided to
add this coconut oil and Jasmine extract
and then I just added a little bit of
this to kind of hold it together and
honestly it looks it looks the same but
it also looks good so therefore I'm
going to continue giving these brands my
money in consumerism
it's still a bomb we've now arrived at
Sammy's camera because I have some film
that needs to be developed and I need to
buy some film because I bought this
really cheap canon film camera that
honestly I don't know if it works so
this film could be a total waste but
isn't that just the fun in life
vlogging is so not practical like I'm
quicker if I'm not recording it but I
got my film I got it I might go to a
thrift shop to get a new outfit
Folie just did something illegal in
front of a police officer
I literally crossed a double yellow line
while driving and he was right there and
he pulled the u-turn and like made eye
contact with me and I'm like bitch he
comin for me but he um he didn't in fact
come for me so live to fight another day
am i right yes also I'm not red because
I'm nervous I'm red because it's hot as
my boss we're back um that was not as
productive as I thought it would be to
be honest I always kill at that place I
went to it's my little secret I'm not
gonna tell you where it is I got this
cute gray t-shirt has this on the back
simple but I love it and then I got a
pair of sterling earrings I only need
the one so that kind of is annoying and
bitey I need to figure out how to
sterilize these because obviously I'm
not just gonna put that in my ear and
grow a second ear science I almost went
into another thrift shop but it it just
smelled of murder so I didn't go in
there clearly it's late in the day and
I'm overdramatizing a situation again
I'm 100% not going to go eat everything
that remains in my refrigerator why
would I do that I would never do that me
how did I even make those noises I don't
know I'm just nitpicking at this point
the vlogs nearly over let's continue so
that's all folks I hope you enjoyed this
a little bit of a different video me
vlogging my day in a way let me know if
you want me to do more things like this
but that aren't necessarily vlogging
what I do just different types of videos
I'm down to experiment me in high school
enjoy the video click the big thumbs up
