okay okay hi today I feel like being
very honest I feel like laying down some
pavement of truth we have a connection
here
this can only further our connection I
could ruin it I suppose you may hate
what I have to say I don't know today
you guys asked some questions and I
wanted to provide the answers let's go
which purse is the best one Hemsworth
Pratt and Evans the real hard-hitting
questions up until recently I didn't
have a super strong opinion on this
question which I'm totally ashamed of in
hindsight but after seeing infinity or
twice
I am fully team Evans is so hot I mean
but honestly at the same time for was
great - it was Pratt they're all great I
still choose Evans what do you think
about gun control in America quite the
shift there hot damn being super candid
here I think it's obvious at this point
that there is something that needs to
change something is wrong with our
current system if all of these shootings
keep happening so we must change it I
don't understand how hard that is for
people to wrap their minds around I
think the simplest fix is that we start
with taking away assault rifles in
America and then we go from there
no one needs assault rifles you don't
use them to hunt you don't need them for
anything they're just meant for
destruction take them away
ban them we'll go on from there that's
all I gotta say who do you consider your
closest friends out of all of the
YouTube community
I'm not gonna lie I'm not really friends
with many youtubers I'm definitely very
friendly with almost all youtubers but
two of my best friends in the whole
world our art Monroe's and will divert
sure and my absolute favorite there my
mom a my dad I love them to death what's
the worst part about living in LA aside
from the traffic going off of that to be
honest the people in LA kind of suck
there are definitely some hidden gems
like there are some really great people
in Los Angeles but a majority of them
are just not for me
I just don't mesh well with a lot of
people in LA
and that's up for interpretation that's
for you to decide the weather is like
you can't beat the weather the weather
is stunning there's a lot to do there's
a lot to see there's a lot to eat okay
moving on what do you do when you're
bored honestly I get really stressed
that I'm not doing enough when I'm bored
I'm like wait why am i bored why am i
not filling my time with more things and
then I just have another internal crises
deal with it move on and continue the
cycle the next day joy you know what or
I just watch the Great British Bake Off
because wholesome goodness give us your
honest opinion on kinks and kink shaming
I mean like whatever works for you
honestly I don't care at this point in
the world I'm not surprised by anything
nor does anything really weird me out so
like you do you whatever I never get to
come in whatever makes you happy if it's
not harming anyone else and go for it
and for people that shame people for
stuff like that just sounds like they're
insecure or they're jealous that you're
doing something that they might want to
do this one's funny why is this one
funny this is a funny traditional burial
of creamin like what does linear
traditional burial cremation or
something else I don't know why I think
this is so funny this isn't funny this
is death I mean I guess that is kind of
funny my take on the whole situation is
I'm dead like I don't need to take up
space anymore spread my ashes and a lake
throw my ashes under a tree I like I
don't know do you ever miss OH - well
you know this one's a weird one for me I
don't talk about this that often when I
left her - well I was in a really bad
place in my life so towards the end of
that channel for me there's just a lot
of negativity associated with it purely
because I was going through so much that
I don't have that good of memories
towards the end of that experience I
really tried to block it out because I
was struggling so much and I was going
through so much hardship alone
internally by myself that it's just not
that fun the member
really and I know that's like not what
people want to hear but but it's the
truth so do I miss it I mean yeah of
course I miss it the good times but I
think all good things in life need to
end everything needs an ending to have a
new beginning and at that point in my
life I really needed a new beginning do
you ever talk to any of the boys anymore
not too much it's really not a sad thing
or a sore subject because we're not not
friends I think we're all just very
different people and we definitely get
along but yeah we talk from time to time
but not all the time
it's kind of like a lot of my older
friendships to be honest last text you
sent to your mom I'll need my phone for
this one I purposefully did not oh boy
look so she said let's see did you get
to Portland okay and I said yep about to
go for a run now the puppy is so cute
my brother got a new puppy you saw we
did will you ever try drag for a day
hell yeah I desperately want to I just
haven't found the right time I guess or
the right person to put me in drag
because if I do it I want it to be done
amazing I want to be cinched I want to
have a beautiful gound
lace front wig everything I want to go
like full-on I don't want to go amateur
Brendale aside I really need a good
audio book any suggestions thanks for
asking Sam as you guys know I frequently
work with audible and this video is no
different audible is the leading
provider of audiobooks with tons of
different titles the book I'm currently
listening to on audible is called a man
called O by Frederick Backman I'm not
done with it yet but it's a very cute
book about this old man and his life I
mean I'm only like a quarter way into it
so you can't quite tell what's gonna
happen he's like a very cynical old man
and he has like these new families
moving in next to him you find out that
he's alone and he's just living I guess
like a mundane life but so far it's very
charming and very cute and and just
really a joy to listen to so yeah if you
want to download that book or any other
book frankly use my link audible.com
slash Connor or you can text Connor 2 5
0 0 - 5 0 0 if you used that link you
sign up you get a free 30 day trial and
you can download
that book I was listening to this book
on my trip to Portland and personally I
love to listen to books in the car on
planes really anywhere that I'm waiting
for something or just trying to pass the
time
so again that's a horrible cops - Connor
or Tex Connor - 5 0 0 - 5 0 0 listen to
a buck what are some recent movies that
you watched and you highly recommend a
few that I watched this year are
Avengers infinity war ready player one
and a quiet place they're all fantastic
highly recommend some older ones that
I've watched that I cannot believe I
haven't seen yet but I hadn't so I
needed to watch them where spirited away
Life of Pi and The Truman Show highly
recommend them all they're all amazing I
would see them all again any secret
projects you can hint at yeah one of
them you can wear another one is going
to be on billboards and another one is
potentially gonna be on billboards but
also just gonna be in stores kind of
both vague but very specific and also
none of them have my face on it which is
great I love that sweet smile or nice
eyes I'm a sucker for a sweet smile
there's really nothing better than a
sweet smile I'd like just melts my heart
oh my god cute what's the last thing
that disappointed you boy oh boy it's
always a boy isn't it always a boy if
you can bring back one thing from your
past what would it be it's probably not
the direction you wanted me to go but in
a way I would just bring back that sense
of wonder and innocence surrounded
around childhood it was kind of nice to
walk through life and think that
everything was flowers and daisies but
in reality obviously it's not life is
difficult at times and everything is not
perfect so like I wish there was a way
to have more of that as an adult but
there's not I don't know does that make
any sense I don't know what's your idea
of a perfect date just one that like
goes on forever one that we're feeling
very spontaneous and maybe we set out to
do one thing but we end up doing 10
things we set out to just get a coffee
but then we go for a hike and then we go
to a movie or we go to a museum and it
just like keeps going on and on but in a
way that it feels like we've only been
together for an hour but really we've
been together for six hours you're just
really enjoying that person's company so
much that you don't want to leave that's
like an ideal perfect date for me and
then obviously it ends with a cuddle or
a makeout it has to are you ever gonna
do a house tour I'm gonna be totally
honest here no I don't think I'll ever
do a house tour again I've had problems
with people finding out where I live and
it gives me so much anxiety that I just
try not to show anything about where I'm
living to calm my anxiety around people
figuring out where I live so probably
not but also like I don't know the night
is young I am young
maybe this anxiety will go away but for
now I'm just gonna enjoy my peace and
quiet and secret location do you believe
in destiny I believe in karma and fate
so I guess I mean yeah they kind of all
intertwine in a way yeah I believe in
destiny name five things that make you
happy this week a perfect way to cap off
the video with a little happiness um let
me think I got to see my sister-in-law
run a marathon and she freaking killed
it I got to meet my puppy nice and
cuddle that puppy nice a lot I got to
hang out with my brother which was great
that's what else what else oh my god I
had this amazing vegan chickpea fritter
thing and it was everything and I had a
beer with it oh my god
and then let's see it's super nice
outside today and I'm probably gonna go
for us second run or just a walk
happiness that's happiness
me and five things okay that is it that
is all I have for you guys this week I
feel like that was a well-rounded
question-and-answer shape some things
I've never shared before kept it light
at points while keeping it heavy at
other points if you're new to me make
sure to click subscribe and click that
bell so you see my videos that I make
every so often and go follow me on
Twitter and Instagram
why the hell not I love you hope you
having a great week I miss you and I'll
see you soon
becomes Kampala
