check it one two three four and please
welcome back to the stage
duct-tape she holds me together when
nothing else can hi
chickie surprisingly this is one of my
more inquired about topics who knew
people cared what I consumed I mean
actually let's not get to monetize
what's your diet like you wouldn't begin
now why you gotta be so angry damn
probably hangry so I've been a
pescetarian for two years now I haven't
eaten a single piece of meat in two
years and today I'm just gonna tell you
about that I'm gonna tell you about what
it was like when I first started why I
started why I am Who I am why I do what
I do all that jazz a quick disclaimer I
am NOT a dietitian I have no degree in
nutrition but I do enjoy lists with
rhyming repetition never real disclaimer
this is just my story this is just how I
eat I'm not gonna tell you how to eat
I'm not gonna guilt you into eating a
certain way
none of that and please don't do the
same for me you can leave a comment but
please do not attack me I'm fragile
enough just over two years ago today I
decided to no longer eat meat I didn't
really know if I was gonna be vegetarian
or pescetarian or honestly I didn't even
know if it's gonna be vegan there was
just one day in my life where I decided
I'm not eating meat anymore and let's
just see where this goes I was honestly
prepared to only do it for two weeks or
a couple months and then just quit and
start eating what I was normally eating
but look at me two years later and Here
I am he's still got it I've always been
passionate about healthy eating I've
always been aware of what I was eating
and conscious of what I was eating
so changing my diet based upon something
that I had heard researched or read was
not uncommon for me
I think my story begins like a lot of
people's stories it was all going well
but then everything changed when the
Fire Nation attacked
no but everything changed when I started
watching food documentaries who'd
documentaries ended me they both ruined
and saved me they're both the worst and
the best things in the world supersize
me fed up that sugar film and cowspiracy
those were four of the films I remember
watching very close together it was one
of those things where I watched one and
then I was like oh my god everything
I've known is wrong I thought things
were good for me but they're not and
then the internal crises said it and I
was like I need more information who
else has been lying to me
the main documentary that changed my
mind was cowspiracy conspiracy is all
about how beef and the beef industry are
kind of single-handedly ruining the
world in a way I know it's the industry
not the cows fault if you like
conspiracy theories it's a big one
let me just throw a few cow conspiracy
facts at you emissions from agriculture
alone are projected to increase 80% by
2050 that's only thirty two years away
agriculture was responsible for 80 to 90
percent of u.s. water consumption so all
that food you're eating is taking up 80
to 90 percent of our water it takes
2,500 gallons of water to produce one
pounds of beef 2,500 gallons of water
for one big-ass burger livestock covers
45% of the Earth's total land aka it's a
reason for deforestation trees produce
oxygen oxygen good for the you get it
and the US alone livestock produces one
hundred and sixteen thousand pounds of
waste per second that's like a million
pounds of waste just then what the fuck
is that real
the facts don't lie honey so yeah I
watched the documentary and facts like
that quickly grabbed my attention it
sunk in very quickly that I was doing
something it was really hurting the
environment I was doing something every
single day that was ruining the future
of the planet and for me it may be
really sad really quickly because again
I had no idea that any of that was true
but it is and I cry at night because of
it so I was just like screw it I'm gonna
stop eating meat if meat does that much
harm to the environment I'm not gonna
partake in it it seemed like something
that was very possible for me to do so I
just did it I kid you not that's how
quickly it happened it was I watched
that documentary and from that point on
happen to had a piece of meat sense it
was all about making active choices for
me so every time I had a salad I would
have shrimp with it instead of chicken
every time I went to a restaurant I
would see their vegetarian options or I
would just get the fish that was one of
those habits I just had to get into
because it was completely changing my
diet again most of the times you get a
salad it comes with chicken most of the
time you eat out you probably want
something more than just cooked
vegetables or like bland fish you want a
burger you want french fries you want
steak and mashed potatoes so I just had
to change my mindset of what I was
normally eating and what I was
associating with certain meals because
for 27 years that's what I was doing
since I live in a big city most
restaurants have a vegetarian option
scratch that all restaurants have a
vegetarian option also again being in a
big city there are like a million vegan
restaurants here and I personally love
vegan food they don't need that much
dairy I completely cut up milk because
part of cowspiracy it deals with milk
and milk comes from cows I feel like a
first grade teacher milk comes from cows
I'm really active and I find it hard to
get good protein while being a
pescetarian or initially that's what set
me off from being a full vegetarian or a
full vegan I find that salmon and
to none all of that is very helpful so
that I don't deteriorate again just me
personally I remember being very much
that guy that changes his diet and tells
everyone about it it was more than
people notice that I was eating
different and then they would ask me
about it and then I'd be like oh let me
tell you because again it's a conspiracy
theory so it was really interesting to
most people and I think I've
unintentionally converted so many of my
friends to a different way of eating
because of it so they were all curious
they were all supportive most of them
didn't care don't get me wrong along the
way I've definitely had my struggles
with it still to this day I'll smell
bacon and I'm like oh my god imagine
bacon imagine a really good burger I do
get cravings but since it's been two
years it's mostly based upon smells but
I've also learned for me it's all really
easy to combat I personally love a
veggie burger as much as I love a real
burger I realized that it's more about
the entire package than just the meat
patty that just all sounds so gross so
many innuendos in there I'm honestly at
the point now where the thought of
eating meat kind of grosses me out there
are certain times where it truly makes
me sick just the thought of eating it
and I'm kind of happy that I'm at that
point because I no longer care I don't
really see a reason why I would go back
to eating meat although I do have a
feeling that I will eventually maybe I
don't really know is going all right
right now did I just talk myself out of
that in like five seconds one of the
first things that people ask after they
find out that I've been vegetarian for
two years is do I feel any different I'm
pretty sure I said I was vegetarian
I'm pescetarian either way I don't
really feel any different I didn't lose
a lot of weight with anything my weight
fluctuated because I was trying to
figure out how to make up for not eating
certain things and I would eat too much
of something else or I would just feel
really hungry all day so I had to kind
of figure out that diet balance one of
the main things I wish everyone knew was
that being a vegan and a veget
and does not make you automatically
healthy there are still plenty of
horrible things you can consume if
you're a vegetarian or vegan or a
pescetarian it all just comes down to
eating the right things really if there
was one thing that I think has changed
its how mentally strong and more
peaceful I feel about food I don't feel
guilty with most things that I eat again
with anything I just feel empowered and
happy that I'm not eating a different
thing but there are no real physical
changes for me maybe for somebody else
so yeah that's been kind of my rough
journey of pescetarian ism over the past
two years it's one of those things that
I did initially talk about because I
didn't know how long I was gonna stick
with it if I have any recommendations
it's just eat what makes you feel good
mentally and what makes you feel healthy
this is what makes me feel good and
healthy and I recommend it it's been
great for me I really have no complaints
it was such a simple change and it's
something that makes me feel like I'm
making a bigger impact on the
environment than I was before so that's
a good thing thumbs up all around let me
know if any of you guys are vegetarian
pescetarian vegan how long have you been
doing it how's the process any
recommendations for me or anyone in
those categories no fighting in the
comments down below we're all correct
here I hope you enjoyed learning a
little more about me if you did make
sure to click the like button and also
click that subscribe button and a little
bell because for some reason you need to
click it I make new videos pretty
frequently so definitely go click those
but that's all I got for you until next
time so if you think those upload
check it
