hey what's up you guys and for all of
you that do not know I'm now living
alone I moved out of my old house at
sets put on my big book pants I'm
decided to move out on my own yeah big
decisions big decisions right wrong I
don't know one of the funniest things
though is what happens when I tell
people I'm now living alone people tend
to say one of two things either say this
oh wow how exciting your first place all
to yourself I'm so happy for you or on
the flip side they're like this whoa
you've never lived alone before it's so
scary that's terrifying I could never do
that I would just die die from
loneliness thanks for the encouragement
friend always knew I could count on you
and personally I do not see what the big
deal is is I think alone
I mean like sure things happen all the
time that freak me out
not gonna lie here all the time
literally all the time a demon I didn't
put that there who put that there
it wasn't me and if it wasn't me yeah
hearing noises seeing things move all
that's terrifying but the one thing that
scares me the most is how much I talk to
myself and how many full-on
conversations I seem to have with me
just me half the time I can't even tell
if I'm talking or thinking to myself
myself a person my two people I don't
know I'm really bored I am I am really
bored watch TV and cuddle a pillow
sounds good to me
yay let's go friend and yes again those
things are scary and those are the bad
things but there's plenty of good things
like the absolute best part about living
alone is that everything and
it's yours it's all my money my
everything and this apartment is mine
mine mine mine mine mine but it could be
yours mine mine me mine mine mine mine
mine mine mine mine mine oh yes
regardless of all that good and bad
stuff living alone is a pretty big
decision for someone to make in their
life it's a big step it shows that you
were growing up and you want to take
that next independent step into
adulthood which is really scary
that's pretty scary I don't consider
myself at all I'm like 12 still I'm
literally a fetus my payment and
everything on the inside all fetus in
here I quit and yes living alone means
that sometimes you are going to be alone
and that's okay
personally I'm very excited to use all
about alone time to like find myself and
figure myself out how do I take
I may be 21 years old but that does not
mean I figured out who I am or what I
want to do with my life and you know
what that is perfectly okay because now
that I live alone I can do all of that
naked and no one can stop me
no one oh yes so I hope you guys enjoyed
this video
little quick announcement I just put
this bad boy up a memory store that's
pretty cool and if you want to get hit
or anything else I have a memory store
click the link down below tweet me your
pics I want to see you wearing or repin
my merch but other than that I'll see
you guys next Monday so if you enjoyed
this video make sure the big thumbs up
leave a comment below check out all my
social media websites click Subscribe
the magic of filming been taking on not
my clothes
