me me hey what's up you guys so today
I'm here with me what's up y'all hey
what's going on are you crying today and
welcome to my house my channel yep
hug everybody so today we are going to
be doing a collab we haven't done a
collab in how long oh my gosh it's been
forever last time you made me you play
with spiders and I know it you made me
play for a kill and I think you copy
yep that's the one yep nope but today we
are going to be playing inspired by
Hannah Hart and jenna Marbles
I don't know those flash dirty shirring
it's with cards once the cards against
humanity' yeah yeah idiot cards with
cards against humanity' so we're gonna
be playing charades it's inspired by
Jenna and Hannah if you haven't seen the
video it's great or a mess already let's
do it let's just do it
we're not drinking we're like 2:00 in
the afternoon wait before we start what
are we doing do we have an audible yes
we can oh my gosh audibles just the best
you can listen to your first free book
if you use audible.com slash Wyatt
Connor
of course oh boy I'm Connor what are you
recommending this week I learned I went
to the movies and we saw that the giver
is in theaters yeah and I remember that
growing up it was like a really good
book and everything so now it's a movie
so I feel like I need to go back right
but like I don't see movies unless I
read the book first so you ever gonna
see The Giver today I was like hey we're
gonna read it first
we're listen to inaudible I think you
guys should
hello go download a copy of the kipper
and listen to it because I heard it's
really really good and if you don't want
that you can get whatever your else you
want with the link because there's
150,000 different other titles billions
of titles so many so use the link your
your first book free let's do a video
now can we
let's go okay read a book read the bomb
I'm gonna be right here hello
how dirty can I be my mom watches these
that's all dirty you could be eight
syllables eight words first and second
word haha jerking off on an airplane
checking out a bathroom swimming ocean
water cannon ball jump off a diving
board and jump into water liquid water
pool pool short tight too short like a
little kid
Oh child Oh what is this bad child
orphan your dear child out here
children's tears orphan Sears jerking
off into a pool today okay this one's
not like incredibly dirty but it's funny
it words third word song yelling burping
first one thang surprise a big old
surprise bird you can't talk your big
old booty but burp but out of your
button Burke oh you're about to burn you
think about it work but then you puke
yeah you're staying in town big momma
that was a good one I'm like sweating is
an exclusive look at Tyler I don't know
what this shoe were you not that's bad
luck elevator you're in an elevator
you're waiting in an elevator eating
microwave it's a microwave that it ain't
pulse checking a pulse
you have clogged arteries memorizer
dolphins why microwave and the way part
Micro Micro Micro yes kayak I'm what I'm
just doing this crawling tail cylinder
pick your Pig Micro pig no no yeah yeah
get it yeah what is it
yeah it's a micro pig wearing a tiny
raincoat and booties why don't you just
pick masturbation you found that in one
stroke oh my god warm anal beads Tom
Cruise I see no difference okay are you
jumped not like a squatting turtle oh
man
turtle huh a tortoise biting turtle
turtle who bites
chomping snapping turtle bites when a
snapping turtle bites your dick off
erect dick or erection your tiny rest oh
my god Chardin shitting
farting sharding a tiny part a short
part a quiet parts first word time where
what when how when when when when when
for me you you when you fart on someone
when you fart at someone Jesus when you
fart in Jesus when you when you when you
fart Plus shadows micro pig was just
small my vocabulary is so limited I mean
okay yes I swear to God accessorize me
you didn't
surprise when you surprise when you're
here when your part is here hello
everybody
when you fart a little bit seven words
Oh crumbs we really so when you find a
whole bunch of comes and you eat a
three-second rule six second rolls
how many seconds 30 seconds that's so
long 30 seconds anything crumbs fall all
over the floor floor ground carpet if
you I know all stuck in the carpet
that's the worst praying to God that the
crumbs don't get stopped praying to a
little guy I bring to a mouse God one
God
god damn it God making me spill my foods
everywhere every crumb all over the
goddamn carpet
god damn carpet I can't do it why not
you can do anything your heart three
words fact that is three words scares me
burn cold harka arctic penguins jacket
coat coated coat second wire coat closet
coat cover now hanger this goes to
something with an a I'm scared
thank you everybody for watching that
video I hope it didn't offend anybody I
mean at the same time I don't really
give a fuck oh my god you've changed I
really have speaking of liking you
should go check out the video on Tyler's
channel so on my channel we did the
whisper challenge because we played it
before with Joe sugg who invented it and
I was like you know what you are so bad
at this we need to do it time the two of
us he might be the worst I am I take the
crown so but we didn't just do that we
did pickup lines we whispered pick-up
lines to each other and had to try to
figure out what the other person was
saying so I'm losing my gosh
how old all of my fans I would just like
to excuse me excuse me
this is the only fan you have
