miss van G miss van G miss bang the
ground is sticky why is the ground
sticky hi my name is Connor you may have
forgotten me shake my hand please take
my hand this is crazy and what I would
do for a Swiffer right now
horrible things horrible things I am a
very indecisive person I think I also
just have a small attention span in
general which may be confused with
indecisiveness I think it all routes in
I just want everything does that sound
weird like I want happiness and security
and confidence and fulfillment and just
to know what I would look like with a
beard how do i how do i hack my face so
that I can actually grow a beard in time
I suppose
I barely just hit puberty what more can
I ask for I'm always wanting to get very
sidetracked but I especially get
sidetracked with all of the modern
technology that we have and all of the
social media platforms that we have it
just enhances the fact that I can't
focus
I'm always focusing on something that
someone is doing better than me or
something that someone has that's cooler
than what I have the saying is the grass
is always greener on the other side but
in 2018 I feel like the grass is always
fluorescent I'm looking over there and
things are just right beaming with
possibility I'm self-employed and I have
very little to complain about in that
realm but what's really difficult for me
is that all of my motivation and most of
my success comes from me if I don't do
something it's my own fault
if a project I'm working on doesn't go
well it's all on me if I don't make a
youtube video for five weeks
people blame me as they should again
like it is not
to complain about it is my own fault and
for me I'm I get really hard on myself
because of that I see photographers
doing these amazing shoots all the time
why am I not doing that
I see brands designing and putting out
clothes it seems like every single week
why don't I have the motivation or the
inspiration to do that I see people on
YouTube making videos every day
and I'm like how do they do that how how
are these people so driven how are they
able to like muster up the energy to do
that Wow oh my god I sounded like that
kid in the middle of Home Depot
I see people being social and going to
parties every week and clubs every
weekend and like I'm 25 I can do that I
have friends I am able to do that but
then I see so many people doing that
that I feel like there's an expectation
that I should also be doing that and I'm
so confused cuz I don't know if I should
but it feels like I should because it
feels like everyone else in the entire
world is doing that I get super anxious
about going out into big crowds bars and
parties and clubs especially if I don't
know who's going to be there which is
like 90% of the time so I end up there
staying in and being in my own
comfortable bubble and then there's that
moment right as I get into that right
I get under my covers and just before
I'm about to fall asleep I think to
myself I did it again why am I here
why am I going to bed right now not like
in a horrible way but just more like in
a super regretful way we've been here
before
we've been here before and we said we
wouldn't be here again but yet I'm
adjusting my monocle we're here again so
we've charted these waters before it
doesn't help now with things like
snapchat that I don't actually use of
tea no shade but I don't use it and
Instagram stories which I do use those
don't help because they're perceivably
immediate so in theory I can know what
everyone is doing in this very moment
again flashing back to the fact that I'm
alone and sad under my covers ready to
cry
I can open my phone look at Instagram
stories and be like Brendan is at the
 club taking shots out of
somebody's bellybutton Karen's out here
with two half-naked men live in her best
life you go Karen and slow zoom
in on me alone in my bedroom by myself
yeah also oh my god do not get me
started on appearance I can make a whole
video about what social media has done
to my confidence in my appearance I'll
be thinking I'm looking like a fresh
piece of meat one day I've been looking
fine and then I'll go on Instagram and
people are on there with not a single
flaw and their skin their hair looks
like it was done by a professional
fitness gurus out here eating waffles
for breakfast cacio de Pepe for dinner
exclusively eating carbs and still
looking amazing I don't I don't know how
people do it I have a horrible
metabolism and I have to be so aware of
what I eat in order to feel good about
my weight I'm gonna give you the full
truth about me for a second I get
self-conscious about my appearance
weekly I get shy and insecure about my
work I wish I were more cool and fun and
as social and exciting as other people
on social media I think like most people
I'm good at hiding it I think a lot of
people feel this way and like me I'm
sure they're just afraid to talk about
it anyways this video seems quite
negative but honestly it's all about
opening the conversation to working on
yourselves and not focusing on other
people I'm in the constant struggle of
comparing myself to others and I'm
always trying to stop myself from doing
that I'm really trying to not be on
social media that often and not like in
a bad way not like I'm not going to be
posting even though sometimes it seems
like that it's more than I'm trying not
to be scrolling an hour before bedtime
that time that time is such a cute word
bedtime I'm not gonna be looking at
other people's vacations and wishing I
was somewhere
or looking at what they get to eat and
wishing I could eat it too okay maybe
I'm gonna be doing that one I'm trying
my best not to do that because I'm great
I'm wonderful
I self-love myself until I self
suffocate you're okay but you're doing
just fine anyways good to see you let's
make this more of a regular thing in
case you're new click that subscribe
button down below and the stupid Bell
that apparently you have to click now to
find out that I make videos I post on
Twitter and Instagram pretty much daily
so if you're over my schedule on YouTube
go follow me on those to show yourself
some self-love and I'll see you pretty
soon if you enjoyed the video make sure
the big thumbs up them comp below
