before I begin I would just like to say
that I cry in this video so that's the
thing hey what's up you guys hey hi how
you doing so for this video I have a lot
of things I'm doing at first I want to
start off with something that's been on
my mind lately and that is comfort zones
I'm the type of person that kind of
tends to stay in his comfort zone sure
don't get me wrong I've done a lot of
crazy things but I also like this room I
like to be in it and I like to be alone
I'm just safe here like a jet and I feel
like you guys can definitely relate as
internet people we have this connection
whether you like it or not but it's not
healthy we need to get out of our
comfort zones people yeah for this video
I'm going to do that whether I like it
or not I'm forcing myself to leave this
place for once as you can see by the
title I'm gonna be doing something crazy
in this video basically I've been
approached by my friends over at Fox to
do The Fault in Our Stars Challenge but
Connor what's the fault of our stars
okay one you should already know this
because I talk about it in almost every
video true fact first and foremost the
fault they're stars is my favorite book
written by John Green and as a New York
Times best seller they took it and now
it's a movie magic oh yeah so first of
all this is my favorite book so how can
I not do this second John Green is
amazing human and how can I say no to
that face it's impossible you can't do
it third okay there really isn't a third
but I felt like two things wasn't enough
I'm really bad at lists so basically
what I'm doing in this video as I hit
the streets of Los Angeles Hollywood to
be specific Hollywood and I pulled aside
some stranger's girls boys old young all
the people and I told them they were
gonna be interviewed but I was being all
sneaky cuz really I'm gonna ask them on
a date to see a private screening of The
Fault in Our Stars movie kind of the
best date ever let's be real so yeah
okay I've been putting all this off for
too long so let's do this
row clip
is ready
like look at me hey what brings you guys
out to the Hollywood Walk of Fame today
well my friends college
I was singing friend
just chillin it's hot out thoughts on
that stage with your relationship status
yeah are you in a relationship I mean
what he doesn't know what are you
interested in what do you do for fun
reading the family jerks about being an
actor you know I like to just a mission
this is such a great transition have you
seen the movie or seen anything about
the movie or fall in Our Stars
commercials and I do want to go see it
there you go
I've seen their commercials
what would you guys say about going on
date with me tonight to an ice-cold
movie theater I say cool I'm offended on
every level would you go on a date with
me tonight
yeah say yes to the day you can bring
your husband stuff three-way day we can
and we can we can see do you want to go
to the movie with me you get nothing out
of this and he runs away don't run away
from your feelings okay so as you saw
surprisingly that went really well and
I'm shocked I didn't think it would I
was fearing rejection but for some
reason it didn't happen and almost
everyone said yes I don't know
apparently I was nervous for no reason
okay so after all that was said and done
we hopped in our cars and we went to the
movie theater so we just got to the
theater I don't even know if you can see
me to be honest and it's empty
there's like nobody in here but it'll be
filled soon just like this ready go oh
not gonna lie at that point the pressure
was off because I was done talking to
strangers and I was just really excited
to see the movie and then just after a
little bit of waiting the theater
started to fill up and I got more
excited then we were ready to go okay
I'm gonna tell you how it went down
during that movie people literally odd
okay that was mostly me I was mostly the
one hauling during the entire movie it
was cute what
everyone laughed a lot and also everyone
cried a lot a lot it was an emotional
roller coaster I'm tearing up just
thinking about it
speaking of tearing up here's footage of
me right after I watched the movie the
movie just got done and I'm an emotional
wreck I don't care if you can't see me
oh you can definitely see me well I'm an
emotional wreck and I you can see it hey
I was a wreck was complete wreck after
all that I decided I wanted to go out of
the theater and talk to people and see
how they liked the movie I pulled out my
camera I said give me one word to
describe this movie here's what they
said yeah so that was my day you jelly
literally overall such an amazing
experience I got to see the summer movie
that I was most excited to see before it
was even out so freaking cool I was
genuinely blown away about how good and
authentic it was like I read the book I
was prepared to judge it really hard to
be honest I was so so so so so proud of
my fellow youtuber John Green like he
made a book in a movie and it was
amazing oh the fields and of course I
got on my comfort zone and technically
went out a few dates
oh and of course had a really good time
but yeah so that's pretty much it if you
yourself you right there you want to see
The Fault in Our Stars movie a must-see
movie whether you've read the book or
not it'll be in theaters this Friday
June 6th so again go see it but yeah if
you did enjoy this video you want to see
that movie you were proud of me for
getting out of my comfort zone make sure
to give this video a big thumbs up it
really helps it makes me feel good also
leave a comment below check out all my
social media websites click Subscribe
date me date me I think he was into it
