I'm taking this video to the next
episode this like sample this might be
the wrong gist Connor Franta video I've
ever seen and you're gonna be a part of
it I'm so honored I'm so honored and
flattered to be here thank you okay
what's up you guys so today I'm joined
with Sawyer Hartman like a year ago a
year ago so we're due for a new one so
on Sawyer's channel we were like
searching tumblr for some weird stuff
but we want to think it's a little weird
a little weird
okay it is not to get through the rest
it's about to get weird like we're like
works for me to say it's gonna get weird
like it's about to get weird so first of
all I got this video idea from Tyler
nice race who reacted to videos like two
girls one cup one man one job girl
kids in a sandbox which I'm excited for
you to see because I got screwed over in
high school that one I'm a relatively
clean like not this kind of a person so
I haven't seen a lot of these that I'm
just I'm ready to be disturbed yeah no
comment I've actually I've seen Little
Mix
I saw a part of two girls one cup when I
was like 13 yep that's it I haven't seen
any of the other ones you're speaking of
kids in a sandbox they made me put on a
Best Buy they told me it was like this
funny thing it wasn't funny I still
still carry it with me but yeah so we're
just gonna be reacting we're not gonna
show on the screen because they don't
hear it though you don't even go and
search these save yourselves oh here we
go
what's first do you want to ease and do
it with cake farts cake farts yeah see
okay have you seen it no I got a funny
thing to say about cake farts to be
honest it sounds magical whenever
someone tells me they haven't seen it I
showed that I like so you're like I'm
not like into it I don't why can you
stand for cake
we're over 18 are you no you look very
useful I'm 12 poor you guys we'll make
sure to like give them a visual where
it's applicable my Internet's lower than
the old man with one leg and okay and he
can't hop she's got a bad knee
Jake farts sorry going to widescreen
across the pond this cake which actually
was delicious this three cities not a
fake cake she's circling it there's like
a vulture and it's our prey you know
this is too much in shock I don't know
what to do okay that's it that's it oh
my god just watch we watched girls party
on Kate she was really into it yeah she
circled the cake for a good twice that
she were just like figuring out her
approach I know then she likes smelly
gets the table she's like how much go
sit on it what's next
do you want to step it up a notch and go
right to one man one jar I haven't seen
that prepare to throw up whoa is that it
that thing looks weird mine doesn't look
like that oh it's not a jar looks like a
beehive I can't do it again where's the
jar going up is by cozy get it over did
it break Jude baby child
oh dude how's he not making any noise
it's like a Buddhist monk I've never
watched this far are you sure this isn't
what you wanted to do but what you
wanted to why this wee girl is like that
I'm done with this video it's a guy is
like squatting over the ground with a
jar
get it out you guys like shovel my door
dude we're doing this on my internet oh
he was bleeding I blame my problems
let's go two girls one cup okay good at
least no one yeah that's the case you
don't want kids in a sandbox what we are
not watching pfx no this isn't about
what she wants with your audience I
don't care I'm gonna try to keep
straight Fez I like music okay Oh Dairy
Queen take a moment to like there's no
more that could ever pop back up and
like scary I can't even go in an
elevator anymore I'm gonna take the
stairs and I'm not about that life
when the music comes on don't close your
eyes or you'll see that are we gonna end
this with the kids in the sandbox
because I don't know if I want to have
you searches oh you need to show me
where you can watch you do sandbox with
us I know it's just it's just three kids
playing in a sandbox I heard it's like
the cutest video on the internet or
something no you want to see this man
yeah no it is kids they're just in a
sandbox so it's
it's not gonna do anything now I'm
permanently scarred and they gave an eye
twitch this videos gone too far I'm done
with this oh I feel great though you
feel great cuz I know this has prepared
me for anything else I could see for the
rest of the day just today oh man well I
hope you guys could hear it don't look
it up don't search it you don't want to
and if you do it's not because of us you
made that decision on your own
hundred yes I'm getting ideas Oh
let's everyone treat me like I see you
right now over Gord if you laughed at us
at any point in the video you need to
donate your thumbs for us I need all of
them don't donate I'm the kids in the
sand bar I know that you're gonna do
weird things with them leave a comment
below what's the weirdest video you've
ever seen but something not so fucked up
but still kind of friggin messed up we
search tumblr research tumblers online
and that's funny it was a good mixture
of funny weird and like fun anything
funny pretty much funny yeah go over
there and while you're over there give
it a thumbs up comment subscribe to
Sawyer makes good videos I'm so scarred
I've got scars out of it I don't even
know like well I'm just saying you know
somebody had to film those somebody had
to edit those so me was the cameraman
upload all of those like I hope it was
monetized y2m
thanks for being on my channel I'm glad
to be here
are you really Oh make sure to click all
of our social media links in the downbar
below bye that was such like a reach
