Hey hello everybody how's it going I
rarely ever film in this room so this
feels a little bit weird but the
lighting is so perfectly cloudy today
that I'm like let's utilize it also last
night I went out for Halloween so I'm
like I'm like down on the energy levels
so I just kind of want to be Zen and I
want to chill out so I post on Instagram
asking if you guys want any advice or if
you want some of my thoughts around
deeper questions I guess so I picked a
bunch of those out and I'm just gonna be
chill and we're gonna chat and we're
gonna hopefully get a little bit deep
today in this moment before I begin I do
want to remind you guys that tomorrow is
November 6 in America this might be a
date that you have heard buzzing around
for the past few months now November 6
is the day that we are voting for the
midterms so if you are above 18 and you
live in the United States please go vote
voting is very important if you want
certain changes to be made you need to
exercise that right go make sure your
parents are voting go make sure your
friends are voting just make sure
everyone around you is voting I've
already asked my parents and my friends
and my siblings like a billion times
just confirming that they're voting and
that really helps it really helps
to remind people and to hold them
accountable
cuz it's easy to forget and it's easy to
put it off like it's nothing and it's
easy to convince yourself your vote
doesn't matter but it does okay that's
my spiel I would have felt bad if I
didn't say that so let's begin the video
how do you stay organized I am a very
organized person I've always been really
good at keeping to a schedule what
really helps me is to to write
everything down write everything down
the night before or the morning of your
day and throughout your day check
everything off for me it's not about
making this big list of important things
it's about adding the little things in
there too so it feels like I'm making
big moves in my day and I'm
accomplishing a lot and usually I end up
picking like a really cute emoji to
signify the check mark of me completing
something on the list so you know it
just it makes the day great advice for
coming out to a non homophobic butt
Republican mom I obviously don't know
your situation and every situation is
different so first of all make sure
you're safe to come out to your parents
or coming up to anybody just make sure
you're safe your safety is very
important but if your parents aren't
homophobic but they're just more
conservative bring it up try and talk
about it I know I know that's very scary
but try to get your parents to
communicate with you on a very emotional
level because I'm guessing your parents
love you and I'm guessing they're very
empathetic towards you so just be real
with them like have a real conversation
that even have the real conversation
that it stresses you out to tell them
that you were scared to tell your
parents something because I think them
hearing that is really going to break
their heart I think if your parents
loved you it's going to be really hard
for them to hear that you couldn't tell
them something so just just be as real
as you can be as honest as you can and
be as open as you can and good luck do
you have a favorite picture that you
have took that you have that you have
took that you have taken if so what is
it the answer in short is that I don't
I'm so bad at picking favorites for
literally everything but I will say
there's one photo that I took on my trip
to Lisbon Portugal and it I liked I
absolutely fell in love with it I walked
around my house just showing it to my
parents and showing it to my sister and
my brother being like look at this photo
that I got because I really enjoyed
taking candid photos so if something
just accidentally turns out like I
thought it could turn out it just makes
me so happy it makes me so giddy so this
is the photo that I took it's a little
bit sad because it was in kind of a
cemetery area so no disrespect to that
but there was just this moment of this
woman walking by wearing all black and
she contrasted from kind of all the
white stone in the background and it
just like painted this really this
really heartbreaking picture to me of
her being there alone visiting someone
being old herself I don't know just like
if the picture to me tells like a really
deep story and I really liked the photo
do you have any forms of anxiety general
social anxiety if so how do you overcome
it in short yes as much as I'm a very
social person and what I do is quite
social and my job requires me to be
around a lot of people I get very
anxious in social situations I get super
anxious going to events
where I don't know if I'm going to know
everyone there or if I'm going by myself
or with just like one other person I get
really anxious going out into big crowds
I get anxious going to parties and
events it's kind of that unknown aspect
of what could happen at those events
that makes me really anxious the way I
handle that typically is by knowing as
much about where I'm going
ahead of time that really calms my mind
down if I can just like mentally prepare
for what I'm about to go into and then
also I've realized recently that it
helps me a lot to know that if I'm
uncomfortable there I can just leave I
there's no reason to suffer if I'm if I
don't like being where I am I should get
out of there and that's not to say I
shouldn't have gone but if I go for a
while I've been there I've done what I
need to do and I feel uncomfortable I
should just leave that's fine so I tried
to push myself but I also like to know
my limits and not stress myself out for
no reason favorite queer book you
donated to your hometown I posted this
on Twitter and Instagram the other day I
was actually put on the wall of
excellence at my hometown and I decided
to give a section to the library in my
old high school of queer literature so a
bunch of different queer books about
queer topics I gave so many books so I
hard to pick just one but the one that
stands out is this book called The
Velvet rage The Velvet rage was one of
the first queer memoirs I I think I ever
read so it has this weird place and my
heart is just just some of the first
LGBTQ plus literature that I consumed
I'll now use this moment to let you know
that this video is sponsored by audible
our wall is the leading provider of
audiobooks with tons of different titles
I love to listen to audio books while
I'm driving in the car because in Los
Angeles there is so much traffic I also
like to listen to audiobooks when I'm on
planes because I travel quite a bit for
work they're a really good way to calm
me down and also to learn something so I
think they're super cool I think it's
appropriate that I recommend to all of
you that this month you should listen to
The Velvet rage by alec downs
it's a lovely queer book about Alex
story growing up and I just think it's a
great insight into LGBT lives even if
you're not an LGBTQ person yourself it
makes me appreciate my coming-out story
because it contrasts from his quite a
bit right now for a limited time you can
have 3 months on audible for just 695 a
month and what's great about that is you
can
listen to three different titles per
month one audiobook and two audible
originals if that sounds interesting to
you go to audible.com slash Connor or
text Connor to 500 500 if you don't want
to listen to The Velvet rage they have
plenty of other titles so again head on
over to audible.com slash Connor or Tex
Connor to 500 500 listen to a book
what's up with common culture nowadays
comic culture is good I have too many
ideas for it and like many things that I
get involved with I get overwhelmed by
kind of the potential or more what I
would like to accomplish with what I'm
doing if you would really like me to put
out some new clothing with common
culture or some new products in general
let me know in the comments down below
the encouragement it would be greatly
appreciated I have the ideas I just I
need to find the motivation we do have a
new website that isn't up yet so I did
get something done what type of learning
is the best for you I'm quite the visual
learner it really helps for me to see
things being done or to to see things in
practice and then that allows me to be
able to see myself doing those things
that make sense so Paige when was the
first time you ever had a real crush and
what happened it's funny because I my
answer would have been different for
this even just like a couple years ago
but like my first real crushes were not
recognized as crushes at the time
because I was so closeted I definitely
had crushes on people growing up that I
just thought I had a real connection
with and I I made that out to be that we
were really good friends we were just
really good friends that's what I always
made it out to be but really I was just
head over heels in love with them I mean
the first time that I can really think
of that was when I was probably in said
like eighth or ninth grade maybe but
there were some when I was really young
that again it was the same thing it was
like I was totally interested in this
person and I made it out to be
friendship but it was clearly more than
friendship we're talking like like six
seven years old
it's funny how young that kind of stuff
can happen recommend another gay movie I
already watched moonlight and Klaas a
monster and they're amazing if you let
me think I I do love a lot of gay movies
if you haven't seen Carol that's a great
film and obviously if you haven't seen
Brokeback Mountain that's also a lovely
film both of them I watched for the
first time within the last year and
they're just so nice I really I thought
I think people give Brokeback Mountain
 for some reason but it's such an
amazing film it is going to tear your
heart out so definitely watch that if
you haven't seen it yet Carol will do
the same also Carol is visually stunning
how did you transition from adolescence
to adulthood and tackle being 100%
independent I've always been a really
independent person I don't know where
that comes from whether it's it's
something that I was just born being or
something that my parents taught me
without me realizing it but the way that
I always saw it was that like
independence was a game to me in a way
that the more independent I could be and
the more skills I could learn the more I
like leveled up in life so I always got
a sick thrill at being independent and
learning new things at a younger age and
being more distant from authoritative
people in my life because I'm like I
don't need you I already know how to do
this by myself shoe so yeah try to not
make it so scary people always like have
this negative connotation associated
with independence or being independent
for the first time but it's a fun game
how do you scoff the future to how you
would like it to be
I think people worry too much about the
future I've only recently realized that
you only have the ability to sculpt your
present so seriously don't worry so much
about what's coming and what's not here
now worried about what's right in front
of you because that's all you have
control over
do you like horror films are you believe
my favorite genre film I love bad horror
films I love great horror films I love
thrilling horror films I just just love
to be spooked are there any future
marathons you're planning on running I
haven't signed up for any at the moment
but I do desperately want to I'm so
competitive that almost immediately when
I finished my marathon I'm like I can do
better than this
let's sign up for the next one so
there's definitely gonna be one in the
future I'm I'm thinking the London
Marathon would be amazing have you ever
found yourself rushing through life hell
yeah the other day I had this sort of
Epiphany that so much of my life has
gone by so quickly I still feel like I'm
an 18 year old in some ways but I'm 26
like I feel like I blinked by a certain
part of my life and I hadn't really sat
down and thought about that which I
guess might be a good thing because
maybe I've been so busy and doing so
many things that the time is truly just
flown by but it's also really terrifying
to realize that that those years are
gone and you'll never get them back
yes I do feel like I'm rushing through
life in a lot of ways and again don't
know if that's a good or a bad thing do
you believe in life after death the
agnostic atheist within he says no but
then the effervescent optimist within me
also says that sounds great I'm
constantly battling with concepts like
that so I don't really know how can I
sleep better honestly if you figure it
out let me know I haven't slept well
since I was like 13 years old so no
advice for you there please help me on
this one your personal keys for a
healthy lifestyle I think the definition
of healthy is completely individual
doing things that make you healthy might
not necessarily make me feel healthy so
for me I know that whatever it is that I
eat makes me feel good so I always try
to have a balanced healthy diet and then
I also know that I love to exercise
every single day and if I don't exercise
I don't feel healthy so those are kind
of the main things that I do oh also
sleep I try I know I just said I can't
sleep but I try my best to get seven to
eight hours of sleep a night so
balancing all of that usually sets the
rest of my life up for it for healthy
Ness but I definitely know that diet
exercise and sleep are so important for
me how do you feel about open
relationships I know I'm such a jealous
person and that would never work for me
but if you like that go for it if
everyone involved is consenting and is
aware then go for it no one's being hurt
so it's totally okay but for me I'm a
jealous little ho and I could not stay
on that faith brand right now I really
like acne studios if you haven't looked
at acne studio stuff they have a
beautiful color palette
everything is beautifully minimal it's a
little bit pricey so you
can't really get much of it but it's
just so cute and even if I can't buy it
I just love looking at it uh it's so
good it's so nice I love clothes so much
I've been considering going vegetarian
or just eating meat less advice for
starting out cut it out slowly
I went quickly to being a pescetarian
but then I went slowly to being a
vegetarian and I think it helps just to
just to naturally cut things out as you
go for breakfast if you're having like
eggs and bacon just cut out the bacon
put a piece of toast next to it it's
really not that hard you just need to
start forming the habits as soon as you
can and good for you
I'm proud of you well done I got ghosted
any advice if they ghosted you they're
not right for you so just move on also
it happens to a lot of people so don't
think you're alone and getting ghosted I
think it's quite a normal thing for our
generation to do which is a little bit
sad but yeah just move on they're not
worth it are there aliens yeah probably
like they go big the universe's there's
got to be something out there and if
there isn't we're damn lucky to be alive
right now when I think about how big the
universe is it sends me into crisis mode
oh my god it's so big but there are
definitely aliens out there I guarantee
it okay that is it I know this video was
a little bit simple but I hope you guys
enjoyed the casual conversation I really
enjoyed it I feel actually really great
I feel quite relieved and relaxed right
now and now I'm going to go tear up my
body by going rock climbing with my
friends Arden and will so that's let's
just offset everything if you did enjoy
this video please do click the like
button perhaps share with a friend
subscribe for more content if you want
more content go follow me on Twitter and
Instagram it's just at Connor Franta but
then other than that one other thing I
just want to let you guys know that a
lot of you asked very similar questions
a lot of people seem to be struggling
with loneliness and happiness and just
where to go in life so if that comforts
you in some way that everyone is a
little bit lost it kind of comforts me
there were a lot of questions like that
so just know that you're not alone
everyone's struggling and that's okay
it's a part of life okay
last bit of advice I love you you're
doing great I think you're amazing and
I'll see you next week
