hey what's up you guys it's Connor and
this week I am home all this stuff all
this stuff so basically this entire week
I've been home in Minnesota visiting my
friends family and just all those
Minnesotans just all the Minnesotans but
so for this week's video I want to do
something that you guys have requested a
lot I'm always getting tweets be like
Connor wins the next s Connor video so
by popular demand here it is
Connor if you were a cat for day what
would you do pretty much this now Connor
how do I get you to love me you know I'm
pretty easy on that one you just need to
get me some food and basically love you
forever god I'm easy do you sing in the
shower I mean if you can call that
singing have you ever been to a strip
club
been to one I work at one wait you guys
said no I was a male stripper where have
you been yeah Connor what's the current
obsession you have right now I'm just
gonna give you a straightforward answer
on this one American Horror Story I am
obsessed with American Horror Story it's
so good I love it you have not seen it
go check it out do you like the rain
swim inside but not outside I don't go
outside much I'm kind of a hermit yeah
how are you gonna celebrate when you get
to 1 million subscribers again another
straightforward answer I don't know it
honestly happened so fast that I can not
even prepare for this like that large of
a number just gives me anxiety thinking
about it nope nope nope don't even think
about it now what have you done I think
I've gotta pass out no but really look
forward to the video next week it's a
little special if you are a hobo
what would your sign say
Connor what's your name backwards
Roenick kinda sounds like a Pokemon or
something Rana can use coffee splash
yeah
Connor how many pillows can you balance
on your head okay let's see if we can do
this
blend oh my god I'm having trouble doing
one too is it safe yeah yeah hey Frank
call your parents this should be good
hello sir do you have a quick minute I
just need to ask you a quick question is
your refrigerator running well then you
better go catch it yeah
dad this is Connor it's a prank call
sorry okay you guys that's it so I hope
you enjoyed this week's video I learned
a little bit more about me if you did
enjoy it make sure it's a big thumbs up
and leave some questions in the comments
below I'll be going through and
answering them so you guys can learn
even more about me as if you don't
already know enough once you go in that
down bar all my social media links will
be in it so make sure to follow me while
you're down there you can also click
Subscribe I make new videos every Monday
but other than that I'm gonna go okay is
this weird your question so many
questions there's just so many questions
I think
