no I'm sitting really upright man I'm
like my back is like hey what's up you
guys it's Connor hey what's up you guys
it's markets so today I'm here with
Marcus Butler hi Marcus is a British
youtuber if you can't tell by his accent
I am British and we thought we'd do a
little cross promotions of the beat I've
never done so today we want to talk to
you guys a little bit about UK verse us
how we do it this is how we do it and
what do you buy that is just kind of
like the differences between the UK and
the US some certain things that we just
we literally before squeegee Google like
weird things in the u.s. weird things in
the UK ads we're gonna talk about some
of the main topics and maybe you have an
argument for that though probably you
guys are pretty weird hey hey we are
pushing thriving so you drive on the
wrong side of the right yeah we
literally drive on the right side of the
road so hmm
yeah what's with all of your cars are
like automatic so I'm pretty sure like a
four-year-old could drive out they just
say it's someone in England is like oh i
drive an automatic is like you seems
like lately
yeah that's a really good example when
do I ever Drive you guys have
roundabouts
oh yeah no you haven't we have like no
instead of stop signs you know you have
stops outside yeah so annoying
every 10 seconds it's like Kaku and stop
look and drives like a girl's just
sitting and there's always hooting and I
was like what's missing what do you feel
nothing
beeping beeping oh oh
Coffee versity and like eating in
general yo there's literally a Model T
right there how do you drink coffee
quietly mom stop I swear Americans
cannot live without coffee the Starbucks
on every corner like do you I forget
every day I don't drink coffee
yeah like a lot of men don't really
drink coffee I bet you love Starbucks I
said as I was doing my coffee okay yeah
because it's kind of sweet as you guys
would say it's like a sweet yeah it's a
treat but there's not really as many
Starbucks as there is nowhere near as
many you have like three places
yeah like tea box
no so you go to Starbucks and they do
with different types of tea yeah but
it's not as big we have like loads of
fruit teas oh I'm like fruit teas a big
thing this 90 yeah
the ever-so-popular slang I don't know
something sometimes you guys say like
some weird we call each other like dude
do you know you're always like I always
pick it up myself so when I'm here like
I think I text you back I'm like okay
you did but like I would never in real
life so you're walking I'd never go hey
dude
what do you guys say like that you oh
what's up yo what do you like called our
person do it man
mate oh my friend might be like oh
you're right mate we're up to each one
commands my dude actually think it was
like bro dudes gnarly sir so you cool in
the toilets right in the restroom today
and that's one thing I figured a
restaurant I'm like oh where are the
toilets they're like do you put us the
restroom why is it a restroom do you
already go in there
and restaurant up guys I need arrest him
arrest something let me just go to just
down there like action never thought of
that I mean I call the bathroom but then
yeah that gets me on to one thing which
I remember is you cool you know what
you're I know you cool them urinal don't
you calm your right off in there sounds
like a constellation I'm part of right
now TV do you guys have bad days so
that's the stereocenter Tiffany Leary
dude be honest I had terrible tea like
literally my tea for like a lot of
people do it Betty I don't know why then
just not get raises to get braces and
stuff like that you have to go on the
NHS which is like government Oh sounds
complicated we yeah he doesn't go down
the street so you guys always have such
nice teeth I'm always with her like
white like yeah do you whiten your teeth
I think a lot of people yeah like use
the crest homekit believe it's video
sponsored by crest home bleach today he
really wanted to dog words for so long
so the toilet cubicles wait thank you
it's on store but you have like no
privacy and then yeah no we actually
don't it doesn't even faze me anymore I
think the crack and between the door is
like so the correct is so you can move
possible you can literally see someone
sitting there just having it but and
also they're like gaps between them
under is like that so even if you want
to wait while yours like literally like
like a room yeah yeah you walk in so
it's like complete privacy
whereas here even if you wanted to try
and hide the fact that you having a
massive like crack underneath waves or
stops you just now it's my turn
holiday like I see you guys I join your
friends to be like going on holiday
animal yeah ooh pic obsessed with it we
live to go on holiday
we don't cook bake it's my friends hey
I'm going on them on vacay vacation
maybe like sorry I think the reason we
do is because our country is tiny and we
have like nowhere to go
whereas your country you can do so in it
like skis through all the different
states and make everyone that's known
for something exactly so we just go on
holiday I'm just burn we also like
goodbye yeah you were telling me that if
you can tell someone is British because
they burn yeah like they don't for some
reason we do this weird thing when it's
the last day of a holiday you'll be like
today I'm packing this bag you know guys
I'm so we're just telling about people
actually do that that's the thing
honestly
satisfy for 12 hours and baked now I'll
do my favorite sorry just like ever like
everything's like sorry yeah it's kind
of like what do you mean oh you say
something you go wait what wait oh I
said a Heinlein's like wait won't people
be like it does sound really say like
the head they say about to me sorry
wait what doesn't really make any sense
we film this video I was like oh we love
to queue like what is key I literally
had a massive lava pit I was like cute
like a line I have no idea what is this
it's your cue you you don't know what to
it means no no idea if you use in a
sentence babe okay so I have to queue up
to get my ride wait like wait
yeah like okay you got it waiting in
line yeah you've to wait in line you've
just we could it's doing like the
British unknown to Q so we're you
everyone everyone knows oh wait uh-huh
everyone thinks we love to queue
I love to wait III don't love to like
you could be hooting at you fuck you it
yes I'm cueing it would be like waiting
lines like what am I like you hashtag
hate you
everyone we like you hi my tracks okay
on that note I think we learned a couple
different things about each other today
and okay so hope you guys enjoyed this
week's video if you did make sure the
big thumbs up and comment below some
other things you guys don't know about
like the UK or the US and I don't know
everything like you you have no I would
see a couple of sorry but if you guys
enjoyed this video we did another one
like it I'm Marcus this channel we did
like the whole kind of you gave us us
then but we did a kind of fun
trough also facts against UK and us and
the loser to get water balloon thrown up
them by a whole load of people with so
some more special yes yeah let's just
say we both look really dumb okay I
looked really dumb you know I did look
pretty dumb there are some questions
you're skeptical watch up to find out so
you can either click his face or it'll
be the first link in the downbar and
while you're there make sure to go
subscribe to Marcus he puts up new
videos every week just like me and
they're pretty cool are they cool the
pretty awesome dude pretty autumn
totally awesome man
so Ragnar T but other than that we're
gonna know
it's not like Elmo
