cool hey what's up you guys it's Connor
hey what's up guys it's Joey how would I
do good so today I'm here with Joey
Graceffa that's right he is a YouTube
vlogger something like say and today we
are going to be doing a little video for
you guys would you damn rather would you
rather dirty version right it's gonna go
from clean to dirty so I have ten ones
picked out and we're just gonna go back
and forth I last one we both fancied us
boys okay let's get down to business to
defeat the damn Huns
I asked you guys on tumblr by the way so
some of these could be pretty raunchy
hmm let's get to me would you rather get
stuck in an elevator for a while run out
of gas in the middle of nowhere you know
one of my biggest fears is getting stuck
in an elevator I have been once I've
actually done both of these before when
we road-tripped out here we ran out of
gas in Texas like a far part of Texas
catches off the chair and then once my
freshman year of college we got stuck in
a house that happens actually I think I
actually got stuck in college too in an
elevator it's scary I don't like it so I
probably rather run out of gas in the
desert yes sir you could die but maybe
someone will drive it boy I do that look
good even though it's scary yeah I'm
looking at for myself
you do not have good survival instincts
me would you rather always fall asleep
in inappropriate situations or never
sleep at all never sleep at all you just
like fall asleep during a baby shower
yeah I actually have that that's a
serious thing and dr. Webb yeah I don't
know yeah call Narnia Narnia would you
rather be single for the rest of your
life or marry Amanda Bynes
but she's so messed up right now I love
the old Amanda please know I would take
care of her I bring her back it'll be
like no tweeting people that they're
ugly no getting another nose job puke
rainbows or fart candy both sound really
good the only reason I would fart candy
it's pathetic candy all the time that
was good puking rainbows we kind of cool
I don't like peeping in my farts
sometimes it's natural but I don't eat
candy so I would just like really oh
yeah
nope like not even like Ellie's come
change you not even special occasion no
just wait a few more months in LA I'll
go again I'll stick to my wheatgrass
shots yeah exactly
no idea grain bows I think I'm still
going with fart in candy okay would you
rather ride the bus naked or twerk in
front of a group of senior citizens I
mean I would not want to sit on the bus
naked so I would do this working if it
was pretty YouTube video be kinda funny
really
yeah maybe don't get arrested you would
get arrested but then twerking in front
of senior citizen so it'd also be pretty
funny yeah they would join in gambling
you'd be naked in public it'd be pretty
bad I don't know I brave I feel I gonna
have to it sounds weird I feel like I'd
have to do it with a friend I can take
it in public to yell okay let's do it
next video that we do do they make it in
public
shave your eyebrows or pluck your armpit
hair polish I would say that one a lot
and with shaving your eyebrows I mean
you could just draw them in so I guess I
would do shave my eyebrows just look
like this you look so I have really
bushy eyebrows too so I'd be like oh my
god it'd be a big different crazy so
even what was the other pluck your
armpits so every single I have full of
hair I'd probably have to shave my
eyebrows as much as you look weird with
fucking words that one does almost like
a torture you bleed what's your type
luck that is a serious torture really
some people always tell me shit no this
is always just really funny and I had to
put it in would you rather be a stripper
or a hobo
anytime I do would you rather videos
it's always like would you be blank a
hobo it's always like or would you
rather suck on a hobos toe
we had to do that I did would you rather
be like we could go oh not on my channel
you lied to me you said this was your
first time my first would you rather oh
I thought this was special I would
rather be true I'd rather be a stripper
though dude
yeah work the poles eat raw bacon or
drink spoiled milk drink spoiled milk
really yeah I don't know I've had to
boil the milk on accident one time and
it was disgusting
poured it out into my cereal and it was
just like chunk of a chunk chunk if it
was a cup of spoiled milk versus one
piece of bacon I probably would eat the
big okay all right when you put a like
that I would do the baby would you think
it was like a whole package sold yeah
well I guess yeah a whole Packers whole
carton I'm still going with the bacon
Bacon's good and everything would you
rather be sexually attracted to fruit or
not be sexually attracted to anything so
live a life alone or live a life happy
with fruit people think this is my wife
weird this is my wife does that break
room would you only be attracted to
preview and good luck to people know
only fruit oh but you only love fruit
I'd rather be attracted some no but you
go out in public and go to dinner with
your fruit my orange they think you're a
psychopath but then who cares what
people think right would you rather have
penises for fingers or a finger or a
penis home run this my channel don't
normally G live to ten on that one's
gonna be dirty version Hey there hasn't
been one dirty quest I wasn't thinking
straight up I was thinking like it got
dirty like it was just like hey we
Turner this and it's like would you
rather eat slugs no this has been the
only I am a wife good boy pretty dirty
remain well if you had a finger for a
penis then you couldn't pee thinking you
would be crazy I was trying to love this
finger because no one would know and no
I'm going with penises her fingers oh
you have just loves out here like this
okay but that's it
everyone so thank you Joey for being in
my video you're welcome caller if you
guys would like we did a video on his
channel what's it about did like the
Bing or we have names above our for how
do we have to guess which youtuber it is
and that was blank you roll I don't want
to show smart boy smart boy over here
everyone we're pretty bad at
impersonations so they're pretty fun so
bad you guys should go click his face or
click the first link in the downbar to
check it out and make sure to subscribe
to him while you're there and all these
other links will be in the downbar below
oh yeah yeah make sure you have this
video a big thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and comment below some of your own
favorite would you rather question type
things and I'll be answering them later
but other than that we're gonna go
yeah bye
