hey what's up you guys it's Connor last
week I made a video called ten things
guys hate that girls do and the girls
got pretty mad but of course to make up
for it I have to make a video called ten
things girls hate the guys do so like I
said in the last video I'm like I must
say in this video
none of these are socially offensive for
the last video I asked some of my
friends what they hated all girls and at
you some of my own opinions and for this
video I asked some of your opinions and
some of my friends that are girls
opinions about what paid about guys so
yes it's not just me it's like a general
consensus of things girls and guys don't
like about each other without further
ado here we go the first thing girls
hate about guys is they hate when they
adjust their junk so guys apparently
girls don't like it when we stick our
hands down our pants and you can figure
out what goes on from there they think
it's gross and the biggest disgusting
which I can understand but you know it's
probably gonna continue to happen anyway
another thing that girls hate about guys
is that we really don't like to make
decisions one of our favorite phrases is
I don't care and I usually just go
something like yeah I don't care if you
choose and apparently you girls don't
like that at all
another thing girls hate is the guys are
really loud I don't know what you mean I
think we're really quiet and stuff but
yeah so apparently guys are pretty
unnecessarily loud at times and girls
don't like that
another thing that girls hate is the
guys are really really messy and okay
this one gets me because yeah we're
pretty pretty messy like me personally I
like to keep things clean but not as
clean as some girls like keep things
yeah so there's a bunch of dirty clothes
on the floor behind me right now and
just kind of in general all over
something else the girls really hate is
that when guys act really different on
their friends than they do around the
girls so all the tweets are getting
we're saying like the guys act really
different on their friends when they do
when they're just like with say their
girlfriend or something
like they're with their girlfriend
they're just like yeah you know okay I
movie everyone I really like that and
then as soon as they see their guy
friends they're like oh what up y'all
were acting all gangster thugs look and
this goes along as the next one that
girls hate it when guys like sag their
pants and our dog gangster like you know
those guys you see when like their pants
are like actually at their ankles and
they're walking around just like oh
there's a difference between trying to
have swag
looking like complete dumbass another
thing has to be mean was that girls
really hate it when guys take forever to
text back and yeah I can definitely say
this but this is probably more for just
in general I think everyone hates this
I'm sure more guys do that than girls so
you know like when you really need to
know something from someone so you text
to them and then if it's a guy half the
time it takes several hours to get
response back it's just like really
really frustrating and really annoying
something else that girls hate is when
guys pee on the seat okay I'll raise my
hand I know every single kind of this we
pee on the toilet seat and there's just
several times and we forget to wipe it
up and everyone it just it's like it's
like World War three like someone will
walk into the bathroom after a guy's
just been in there and then they'll see
the pee on the toilet seat a little bit
crazy
oh yeah well we'll try and work on that
going along with bodily functions girls
hate it when guys like spit and burp and
fart which again I can see we do that a
lot and it's probably pretty gross like
I can't remember the last day I've gone
without doing one of those things I
actually probably can't remember the
last hour I've gone without doing one of
those things yeah as guys we will try
and work our manners and try and not do
that as much anymore kind of doubt it's
gonna happen again and last thing girls
hate about guys is that we spend way too
much time playing video games you
personally I don't play many video games
but almost all of my friends do like
they can't even really go a day without
playing video games so I can see where
that would get annoying and why girls
hate it but all I want to do is get some
attention from that guy and game in the
game yes yeah but yeah that's ten things
girls hate that guys do did I miss any
are there any more them in the comments
below if you haven't already make sure
to click here and watch last week's
video it's the same thing budding girl
for me yep 10 things guys antic girls do
so click here if you haven't watched it
if you have watch it again and if you
like this week's video make sure you
have a thumbs up and subscribe of clean
up button is free and it'll notify you
every time I make a new video so that's
pretty cool and stuff for Gators pretty
cool I mean ten days for the real guys
I'm sure girls huh
