yesterday I was really happy and my skin
literally cleared up cute boy my
therapist and I will be talking about
this tomorrow
yay therapy self progression never looks
so cute am i right fellas
good morning like I said yesterday I was
happy and I just I you I feel it in my
bones my depression is cured it's
actually not it's a serious medical
condition but hey I'm feeling happy I'm
feeling cute I was up at 7 a.m.
I've already had coffee and oatmeal an
attempt to keep my happiness flowing
this today we're going to do a bunch of
fun activities follow along ok I'm gonna
give it to you straight and fun
activities is a little bit of a stretch
we're gonna be doing some mediocre
activities but I'm gonna make them fun
so stay tuned grab a snack sit back and
relax I am in pursuit of happiness so
let's go find it
what an angle this is how I stretched
before my run oh my poor Plant this has
nothing to do with me well I should take
blame for this no matter what I do that
plant just keeps dying she's cute but
she's difficult just pretend it's not
there
oh boy what an angle why am i recording
this me although I just ran a marathon a
week ago I already I already missed
running she's back professional athlete
bye
can you believe my calf muscle looks
like some form of modern vacuum do you
see it you definitely see it a lot of
people asked like did my body transform
while I trained for a marathon and the
answer is probably the main thing is
like this thigh cat-like calves my legs
transform to the rest of me stayed
relatively the same oh my god oh I've
been wounded oh my god I'm onyx kings oh
my god
this isn't fair I demand a recount my
lungs felt like they were gonna explode
the whole time and that's either because
I'm ill or because I took a week off
either way it feels unfair one I look
absolutely disgusting - how disturbing
is that vein on my forehead some type of
alien
shower time
now I'm hungry I had a little bit of
pasta last night okay so I threw in some
arugula some sliced tomatoes and then a
little bit of balsamic and then made a
cold salad out of it
notice elf cold salad is a great drag
named Gary huh
she looks delicious it's in this big
bowl because that's what the pasta was
in so I just didn't feel like dirtying
another dish Bon Appetit it to go
shopping we need a few things for
today's festivities and by festivities I
mean art we're creating art it's an
essential part of happy fun also I got
new converse and they look cute source
I've already scuffed them but that's
part of their allure it's so hot
oh hey I just wanna take another look at
you it's like a song on here
step one is we're going to target they
have everything and then if we're
feeling risque we're gonna go to a
thrift shop really quickly because just
editing note I do not need more clothes
I was living my best gay life and I did
a complete queer eye makeover on my
closet don't went from this to this can
you believe they took several days don't
ask so of course now that it's clean I'm
just gonna go add to it add to the chaos
I'm looking for paint for this video and
I was attracted to this one because it
said divine meadow and then I was livid
when I found out all of them have divine
in the name
I feel creatively misled quit
mistreating my trust
cute and I convinced myself I am H G TV
redoing my life will fix all my problems
that's what I convinced myself when I'm
in target what stay on track Connor stay
on track for what I just purchased the
most random array of items humanly
possible ten pretend that cashier for
that checkout person thinks I'm a serial
killer I'm gonna go take my skeleton dog
my concealer my dish towels and candle
to make it seem normal and I'm gonna go
home and do things with them no tea no
shade I legitimately got anxious that I
bought so many random items that I
bought items I didn't need to make it
seem okay this is where I'm at in my
life folks the mid-20s are a confusing
mess now would be the appropriate time
to please send help
so here's a few shots of me at the
thrift store the store is very small so
I didn't feel like talking to a camera
I'm sorry it's really nothing personal
and there were signs that said anything
so I'm still breaking the law for you
appreciate this got a good haul though
two sweaters and three button ups back
home we go and today I felt like
painting and doing something creative I
got two pumpkins one big boy and one
little baby Oh a razor blade lovely
this is creativity this one - one is me
and pumpkin form well pump a tomboy I
never enjoyed this part because I don't
trust myself why did I take this tiny
knife
okay that hole is juice my home
don't oh I forgot a spoon that's how you
do this what am I talking success um
little unknown fact if you meet anyone
that enjoys scooping the insides out of
a pumpkin ninety-six percent chance
they're a serial killer
second serial killer mentioned in one
video can you tell I've been listening
to murder podcasts recently my inside
here we go
oh no good you stay there now we're on
to you this one requires a steady hand a
sharp mind and an even bolder
quit let's begin okay yes just out I'm
done okay the big reveal go easy on me I
haven't done this in a while this is a
little one that I like to call the twink
young sweet beaming blissfully ignorant
of the world's true colors very unaware
of how expensive dental insurances
radians
well done this next one may be hard to
read but I think it's worth it was going
for more of a medieval avant-garde I'm
wearing my emotions on my sleeve
look I'm not quite sure if you can read
it but it says a festive leave me alone
I'm hungry and ready for a little meal
as well as a new outfit change
hello hello and welcome to the first
YouTube official episode of cooking with
Connor for breakfast I consumed oatmeal
up until now I've consumed many
different types of snack so we're going
in for the kill
we're getting a nice delicious big meal
prepared it is my pleasure to announce
to you that the first official episode
is sponsored by none other than hello
fresh I love Hello fresh I've been using
their service for a really long time now
so this is just great they fit into my
routine they're convenient they're
simple and it's a subscription service
so they're delivered to me and I don't
have to think about it all good things
let's start the cooking today on our
menu we have butternut squash and sage
risen risotto sage risotto as a person
who lives alone I personally love
hellofresh because it takes a lot to go
to the grocery store every single day to
prepare for a meal so the fact that they
send it all to your door and everything
is proportioned out and as someone who's
very impatient the fact that most
dinners can be cooked up in 30 minutes
is also a plus none of the rest of the
garbage it's $6.99 per serving it's
America's number-one meal kit where can
you go wrong so let's get to cooking
turns out we didn't need the night goal
of cutting anything is to not honestly I
am have really fallen in love with
cooking recently but truly the hardest
part is finding recipes but with a meal
service it just picks the recipes for
you so it actually kind of takes okay
Oh takes that indecisiveness out of the
equation out of the equation okay you're
distracting me I'm gonna chop an onion
chopping onions actually does make your
eyes tear up send out
it looks just like the picture I'm so
proud I don't have a baking sheet so I'm
just using foil it'll do the job the
stuff is probably killing me that was so
close oh I still did it me during my
happiest day ruins my happiest day we
have our squat and then now we sprinkle
our safe to say all of it yes it's in
fact all the chopped sage a pinch of
salt and pepper little do they know I'm
extra as sure that's a pinch just
like Sandra Lee two shots of vodka just
a pinch just a pinch
I would swipe right
yes I am 100% flirting with you is it
working onion and cook tossing okay we
got this whenever I'm not kissing
anybody tonight
simmer oh where I'm not flirting with
you that's me not flirting with you that
single bubble your week going Stephanie
the kids mine the service makes me feel
like a chef because I am oh my god
stop flirting with me you're looking
good I'm gonna give you a stir my
children I'm so proud of you everything
smells delicious
BAM now we just wait I'm a culinary
genius we're almost done folks now we
add about enough to learn risotto and
then we're gonna add our cheese as well
are you kidding me can you believe it
get started with six meals free that's
two free meals and each of your first
three hellofresh boxes click the link
down below or go to hell afresh calm and
enter promo code connor franta 60 like
this cooking with connor
a success and then my festive day
concluded with me attending an lgbtq+
gala speaking and meeting tons of
wonderful queer people I did sounds like
I made that up but that's actually how I
ended my day
maybe five ten fifteen thousand dollars
in the past three years I've raised to
just add on to my queer eye makeover
look at this before-and-after can you
believe I am so this is Connor coming at
you live from Minnesota I didn't record
an outro so I thought I'd record one
right now quickly I hope you enjoyed my
mediocre day it was truly mediocre at
best if you'd enjoy it please give it a
thumbs up it shows me that you like
seeing a few minutes out of my day the
remaining minutes will remain a mystery
okay
I like you I like your mom I like your
cat have a great week
