I forgot my water hi today's video is
gonna be a little bit different nice
Connor has checked out serious Connor
bought the property and he's not leaving
so sit down get comfortable and listen
up your little shits
the world is dying the world is in a
state of death
humans are ruining the world we are
destroying it piece by piece and soon
it's not gonna be able to be put back
together and I know people talk about
global warming all the time but this is
serious
is this thing on can anybody hear me out
there imagine if someone responded right
oh my I just got chills ghosts ghosts
ghosts ghosts still freaked out my hairs
I'm very concerned about the current and
future status of planet Earth according
to the United Nations we only have 12
years again 12 years left until climate
change is irreversible
I'm not normally one to guilt-trip
people into living a certain lifestyle
but the entire human population is
guilty so that common courtesy is thrown
out the door today I'm going to be
talking to you and ranting about easy
and simple changes that you can make to
your life to assist in the ideal halt of
climate change now doesn't that just
sound lovely let's get into it sweetie
or should I say sweaty because if we
don't fix this we're all gonna be that
produce less waste less plastic less
paper how about just a good less
everything I'm guilty of this I waste a
lot of things I order a lot of things
online and I get them in boxes when I
get takeout they give me 20 napkins and
I just accept them people need to learn
how to be more conscious of all the
things that they're consuming or
throwing away in recent news they talked
about the whole straw deal where people
were fighting about not using straws
anymore and that's very important
imagine if you never used a plastic
straw again the world would thank you
it's super wasteful and super
unnecessary do you see the way the sun
is shining through on the lens right now
mother nature knows look at this sea
turtle remember this sea turtle do it
for the sea turtles
recycle more it'd be very difficult to
live a zero-waste lifestyle so if you do
produce waste recycle it it's really not
that hard most homes have the option
most businesses have the option recycle
yo trash or else your trash simple as
that go vegetarian or vegan the reason
I'm a vegetarian is because of the
harmful effects on the planet also
because I do love animals but originally
it was because I heard about the meat
industry and the dairy industry and
about how they've just got out of
control they're destroying the planet
the more meat you eat the larger your
carbon footprint is so it's very easy to
cut down or cut out and completely
change your footprint I'm not gonna go
into crazy conspiracy theories but there
are a bunch about the meat and the dairy
industry and about how they are
controlling well they're not controlling
the government but the government is
like turning a blind eye to them and
they're running rampant and they know
what they're doing it'll pair
ruining the world they just want to make
money everything is about money either
way just try and cut it down maybe start
with one day a week that you're not
gonna eat any meat or any dairy products
it's done easy or be over the top like
me and just give it all up just give it
all up who cares honestly at this point
it seems like it told me me one of the
more cute options garlic garden
vegetables fruits tomatoes potatoes a
watermelon perhaps go crazy I don't know
imagine mangoes in your backyard I don't
know your climate I don't know your
story but that sounds fucking fantastic
growing food in your backyard will
produce less waste because we want to go
get the food there'll be no packaging
with the food it's all right there plus
it'll probably taste better
Oprah's already doing this have you seen
her Instagram queen with green thumbs
I could never but I'll try by vintage I
personally love vintage clothes versus
brand new clothes they're unique they're
already worn in there's a certain thrill
of finding a new piece it's cheaper
vintage clothes are just recycled
clothes so you're putting less into the
environment by buying them if you are
going to buy new clothes which is
totally fine check where the clothes are
made or more importantly how they're
made and if the designer is eco-friendly
doesn't even have to be clothes go to a
garage sale the goodwill is poppin don't
trust me well no actually have to trust
me it's my channel
by local this is kind of like a
combination of the last two if you can
buy all of your things locally if you
bought it locally and it was made
locally most likely that thing did not
travel they get to you less gas less
waste more unique probably cuter again a
combination of the last two I feel like
we haven't talked about the turtle
enough remember the turtle it's so cute
I could die
excuse less water and electricity a very
quick one but just be aware of what
you're using if you're brushing your
teeth turn off the sink if it's light
outside maybe don't use lights in your
house all of that comes from Mother
Earth I just heard myself speaking and I
sound a little bit ridiculous we really
never thought I'd be this person but
here I am all of that comes from the
earth and it doesn't just magically
appear in your home out of nowhere so be
conscious of all the resources that
you're using this isn't guilt tripping
but it is we've been over this don't
look at me that way Karen and finally
walk places or bike or scooter Healey
perhaps whatever gets you from point A
to point B walking is healthy good for
you it's good for the environment it'll
make your butt look cute and it'll make
mother nature's butt look cute too so
walk and take care of all butts Wow so
powerful if you can use an eco-friendly
type of transportation do it it's good
for everyone including you okay that's
it you're right we need two turtle one
more time the turtle again these things
may sound little and silly but they are
really really important if everyone did
all of these things climate change would
be a thing so try to do them yourself
and try to get your family and friends
to do them as well if you guys enjoy
this video make sure the big thumbs up
have you have a great week I hope you
have a great life and I love you yeah
