good morning it's marathon morning
I'm so not nervous I'm really anxious
and excited I don't know what I'm saying
okay bye
hi so I just got back from Minneapolis a
few days ago and I'm now done with my
marathon if you keep up with me
at all I have been training for the Twin
Cities Marathon for four months now four
months running six two sometimes seven
days a week
completely consuming my life from a diet
to my conversation it's just but my life
has been revolved around this thing for
so long and I haven't had anything like
that in my life in a long time so it was
weird to be so concentrated on something
that was going to take so long to get to
I was hopefully going to complete it and
then it was just going to be done so
it's weird to be here now okay
the long story short is that I trained
really hard for four months for the Twin
Cities Marathon and I finished in three
hours 20 minutes and 59 seconds and I
wanted to make a video to tell you how I
did that how I accomplished that so if
you have no interest in this then it's
gonna be pretty boring but this is how I
did it and quick note before we begin
thank you so much for all the money that
you guys raised for Glisan this week if
you want to go donate there's still a
few days left of the campaign so there
might be a donate button right there or
right there but if not click the first
link in the downbar and go donate maybe
a dollar or $26 one dollar for every
mile that I ran it would mean a lot the
campaign is still going and there's
still time but thank you and on to the
video I've always been a runner I ran
track and cross-country in high school
and cross-country in college as well so
running is nothing new to me when I
signed up for the marathon four months
ago I already had about a month or two
months of light running train
under my belt I'm running like threes
fours and fives so when I started four
months ago I was already kind of in the
swing of things and I was ready to go
since I know myself and I've been
running for quite a long time I knew
that running eight minute pace for the
entire 26.2 miles would be very doable
it'd be tough but I know I could do it I
know based upon my other times and my
other races I've done that it's
something that I could do so my initial
goal
aside from finishing was going to be to
hit that eight minute pace and break 3
hours and 30 minutes for the marathon
and I did that and I feel so proud of
myself but essentially I just I didn't
even really follow a training plan my
brother and my sister have run a lot of
races so I just kind of roughly asked
them what I should do and at the bare
minimum they essentially just said it's
all about your long runs everything in
between doesn't really matter as long as
you can hit those long distances and
when you get on the starting line race
day morning you know that you can finish
that distance that's the most important
thing the endurance
aspect of it is the most important part
and it's really really hard to wrap your
mind around what it would feel like to
run 26.2 miles straight without stopping
the whole time I was training I'm like
what is my body gonna feel like like
what is it going to feel like to go
through that pain I knew it was gonna
hurt but I had no idea what that was
gonna feel like I've never really
experienced a pain like that so I was
just really curious what it was gonna
feel like and honestly it went so well
that it didn't it didn't feel that bad
so yeah over the course of the training
every two weeks or so I would level up
my long run so I started off with
running like a 10-mile and then two
weeks later I'd run a 12 mile and two
weeks later around 14 and so on and I
built all the way up to 21
I think it was like 21.5 miles about two
and a half weeks before the marathon
which it wasn't that hard for me to
commit to doing something like that if I
do another marathon I will concentrate
so much less on getting in the miles in
between those long runs because in my
mind I'd convinced myself that I needed
to get as many miles and as possible and
it was 100% going to make that 26.2
miles easier but I don't think that's
the case I think next time if I if there
is a next time I'm going to focus so
much less I'm doing tons of like middle
ground long runs and really focus on
those those really long runs but yeah I
can't talk highly enough about it I ran
it with my sister which really really
helped me it was so nice to have someone
there the days leading up the marathon
to bounce questions off of and to
confide in and to talk about parts that
I was you know curious about excited
about and to have her talk back at me
and it wasn't just going to be me by
myself alone it would have been so much
less fun like there would have been so
much less excitement if I was doing it
by myself
so to have my sister run it with me and
have my sister be there almost every
step of the way it was just really great
it's really special it really cheesy but
really great I did not sleep well like
at all the two to three nights leading
up to the marathon I was a little bit
nervous but I was just very excited like
I knew I was ready I knew I had put in
the time I knew I had put in the miles
and I just wanted to do it I had
gotten to the point where I'm like I
just need this to be done like I know I
can do it I just need to do it so race
day morning I woke up at 5:00 a.m. for
the 8:00 a.m. race and I truly feel like
I did not sleep a wink but my adrenaline
was going so much and I was so excited
and so ready that it didn't matter
I woke up at 5:00 a.m. and we were
listening to the music and we're just
getting amped up we ate a piece and a
half of toast with almond butter and
honey on it and then had like three cups
of coffee and then also like two glasses
of water because we made sure that we
were up a few hours before we were
actually going to race I was not worried
at all that I would get a stomachache or
crying up or anything like that I highly
recommend being up very early before
your marathon if you're gonna do one we
did all of that and then we got dressed
it was so cold oh my god I was training
in Los Angeles and it's like in the 80s
here and I ran it in Minnesota and it
was like 41 degrees when we woke up so
significantly different and I had no
idea what to wear because they didn't
want to get hot but I also really didn't
want to get cold so I ended up wearing a
short sleeve shorts a long sleeve and
then gloves and a hat and I knew that I
could shed layers if I was going to get
too hot but honestly I was cold the
whole race and I really didn't want to
shed anything I had I had my gloves on
for like half the race so we ate
breakfast and we went down to the
starting line and again I was just so
excited I had so many friends from
college that we're running it so we just
kept running into people literally
running into people we were down there
about an hour early and I have this like
this beat mix that gives you energy and
hydration so I drank that with some
water
and then I have these pills that are
supposed to make your legs not get sore
during a really long race so I took some
of those too and then other than that I
just like lightly stretched and just
like mentally prepared that as soon as I
start I'm on the road to finish it as
soon as I'm done with it
I'm done and I know that's like a simple
concept but I had been training for four
months and I had never gotten to that
point so to just begin the race and in
theory as soon as I stopped running it's
all over it just it was like such a
comforting thing that I latched on to
the entire time the race itself was it
was like really really fun and I was
really surprised about that I went into
it promising myself I was gonna
a damn good time out here to have a good
time everyone be positive everyone be
happy my dad took all these photos of me
and I was just like beaming the whole
race like I was genuinely so happy to be
out there and running like I look like a
total dork but I was so so happy and so
excited to finally be racing and to be
running with my sister and to see my
family cheering at like four different
spots and to see college friends it was
just it was so amazing and it just went
by so quickly the entire I will say if
you need a marathon to run the Twin
Cities Marathon was amazing there were
people every step of the way there were
spectators on all sides of the race the
entire time which I really enjoyed
because it was it was nice to have
people cheering for you but it also held
me accountable like even if I wanted to
stop I am too proud to stop in front of
people I guess so even if I had like a
moment of weakness where I was like oh
I'd be so great to walk right now I
would see all those people and it would
feel weird to kind of give up right in
front of them so that was surprisingly
really helpful I haven't run a race in a
really long time so it was nice to have
people people there for you the whole
time and to like read all the cute signs
that people were as people had out with
them and that people have like written
all these cute messages about running
and about finishing and a lot of them
were about drinking a lot of them were
about like drinking and eating after the
race which was a very positive reminder
the first half of the race flew by like
when we cross the half marathon mark I
blew my mind that we were already there
and then there was like a middle chunk
of the race that really kind of felt
long time definitely slowed down a
little bit in the middle and towards
mile 17 to 18 my sister and I actually
separated which was a little bit sad but
ended up being totally fine we both
friend times that we were really proud
of so I guess it was
it was totally fun I didn't drink a lot
of water during the race I thought I
would be chugging water and I thought I
would be wanting more than I could
actually have without getting a sigh day
but I probably had like a cup of water
throughout the entire race I think
because it was cold and because I was
afraid of getting a side ache or getting
sick in some way I just I really limited
myself which I don't think that's smart
I don't know if I'd recommend that but I
also never really hit like a real wall
there was never a point that I hit that
I was like I am going to die I never
reached that point the last four or so
miles were really quite tough my legs
felt like cement it just felt like so
dense and so heavy but I kept reminding
myself that there was only a four or
five miles left and that I had done that
dozens of times four or five miles was
like the lowest I was training at so I'm
like this is easy I can do this I did it
every day for the past four months you
go Connor you go that was my own
biggest fan
and yeah before I knew it it was over it
went by really really quickly and it
went so well I finished in 3 hours and
20 minutes and 59 seconds so 10 whole
minutes faster than I wanted to run
that's like a 740 pace per mile to which
like blows my mind that I ran that pace
the entire time I didn't even know I
would be capable of that and honestly I
now understand why people get addicted
to running because I think I can totally
run faster than that so part of me
already wants to sign up for another
marathon because I know I can beat that
time and I just I feel like I'm one of
those people now if I can condense the
the full experience into a few pieces of
advice those would be concentrate on
long runs and do not take your training
too seriously
the middle stuff is important but the
long runs are really where it's at
number two would be have fun it's
supposed to be such a fun experience and
if your race goes well there's no
feeling like it it sounds so cheesy but
finishing that race and the whole day of
and the day after I just I felt like
euphoria
I just felt genuinely accomplished and
there was nothing greater than that I
don't know why I'm making a list because
I don't have too many more but number
three would be run with a friend if you
can find someone to run part of it with
you and then you guys separate like my
sister and I did or the whole thing do
that it made it so much more fun my
sister and I were like making comments
about people or making comments about
not in a shady way making comments about
like signs and making comments about
cute dogs the whole time I kept
commenting like look at that Labradoodle
or look at that nation over there so it
was really nice to have someone to
balance things off of the whole race I
don't know how much longer I can make
this list meet tapped out at four number
four would be B+ during the race really
allow yourself to put everything into a
positive perspective it helped to remind
myself that it's just a race it'll be
over soon when I got two markers like
mile 20 to be like oh my god it's only
six miles left I've done this before I
can do this it's literally downhill from
here
there were people putting their hands
out asking for
and like go take a few seconds and give
them a high-five that positive mindset
really got me through it and I think
really made the experience as enjoyable
as it was I never in a million years
thought I would run a marathon and I
never in a million years thought I would
actually enjoy it
I guess that's I guess that's all the
advice I can give I like most big things
in my life I build up to a point I
accomplished the thing and then I fall
super hard I think I've been fighting
off sickness for a few weeks so once I
finally got the thing that my body was
like okay time to crash so you can
probably hear it I feel like my voice is
like somewhere up here Bridges's town
here and I just feel kind of permanently
tired I think also didn't help that I
didn't sleep well before the race but
yeah I'm back and I'm feeling happy and
positive and super accomplished thank
you to any of you for your positive
wishes on this experience thank you
again for all the support that you've
given me on the video that I posted last
week we've raised a lot of money for
glisten and I also held that really dear
to me while I was running I was thinking
about all those donations and I was
thinking about all those positive
comments on that video so thank you if
you do want to go donate that video is
still up and the campaign is still going
there might be a donation button here or
below me but if not just click the first
link in the downbar and go donate a
hundred percent of the money goes to
LGBT youth and glisten so that would be
so great please go give just like a
dollar right now for $26 one for every
mile that I ran that would be great but
yeah I'm I'm gonna go take a few days
off and sleep a lot refuel become a
person again if you have the chance to
run a marathon know that you can do it
and know that anybody can do it it just
takes a few months of time and
dedication but it's so worth it I feel
great and I wish this type of feeling on
everybody but other than that I hope you
guys are having a great week and you
enjoyed the video and everything and
I'll see you later
