hi over the past four months I've been
training for my first ever marathon that
I'm running this weekend 26.2 miles or
forty two point one six kilometers at
one time no stopping ideally ideally no
stopping I'm running in support of
glisten which is an organization that is
focusing on creating safe affirming
learning environments for LGBTQ plus
students they just want to make sure
that everyone is represented and feels
included so it's just it's a great
organization in just a second I'm going
to show you a video that I made over the
past few months about this entire topic
but really really quickly listen up this
is important you'll notice right over
there if you're on a computer there is a
blue donate button and if you're on a
phone or a tablet it'll be down there if
you want to donate $1 for every mile
that I'm running so $26 that would be
amazing but honestly if you just want to
donate $1 everything helps I cannot
stress how easy this is seriously just
click it it's like two clicks and you're
done you're donated it's easy 100% of
your donation every single set will go
towards Glisan so thank you in advance
and I hope you enjoy my video this is
hard to say in an articulate type of way
but I'm going to try my best so here we
go there's been a common theme hovering
over my life that I'm only now starting
to see both literally and metaphorically
I've been running as long as I can
remember down Elm Street with bare feet
as a kid and track meets on weekend
nights as a young teen in search of
myself to escape myself for just a few
moments
time away from all the worlds noise
running
I've always been running now my
childhood was generally a sunny day with
far too little to complain the only rain
cloud that kept returning came after I
realized I was different when I first
knew I was gay growing up in the Midwest
the hardest word was how alone I felt I
didn't know any other gay people as far
as I knew I never even met one before
didn't seem to talk about that at the
age of 11 I assumed being gay was not a
good thing this has been found different
was nothing to be proud of
that lack of representation in my life
scared me so much I held my secret
hostage for 21 years for 21 years I ran
as far and as fast away from myself as I
could after Sheila practices and weekend
training runs gave pause to an otherwise
unstoppable life it allowed me to talk
with friends or think to myself
uninterrupted unfiltered running became
a kind of freedom from formality and
unexpected getaway to goals passions
dreams wants and wishes but I kept
coming back to my sexuality everything
else could be healed but I couldn't
under its the louder they seem to become
whispers turned into screams I knew I
was gay at eleven I thought I might be
depressed from hiding it at seventeen
and I consider myself suicidal at
twenty-one and not one person knew not
one person
to turn this around really quickly I'm
here I'm 26 years old
out loud proud and still running I've
rose above that adversity combat is my
mental health struggles lost myself and
found myself time and time again oh I
play one foot in front of the other but
things are so much better I concentrated
for so long I'd go towards something or
wait for somebody but the truth is and
what I've come to learn sense life is
about running with yourself not words
and I couldn't be happier with the
person I finally have a son took a while
but I'm here thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed that and I
hope you learned a little bit about
running mental health or the lgbtq+
community this whole initiative would
not be possible without YouTube's
creators for change so big shout outs
and big thank yous to them I'm 26 years
old and this weekend I'm running 26
miles I've always wanted to do this it's
been super important to me so I'm happy
that I get to work with creators for
change and add a charity component with
listen to this I can't emphasize enough
how meaningful and special that is to me
this is my time to remind you one last
time please click that blue donate
button there or down there every single
donation helps do not think that yours
does it because it does and it'll do so
much good for so many kids so thank you
again for your donations okay that's it
I'll see you guys soon wish me luck big
race coming up okay bye
you
