okay good evening
my name is Shane Bailey and today I'm
gonna be spilling some tea hello and
welcome to the emotional pit that is my
channel Oh welcome back to hell
I'm your host Connor Franta let's do it
we're here we're doing it this is great
okay cool Instagram is a new thing where
you can ask people questions so I
decided to post on they're asking for
questions and here we are here your
questions let's put some answers to
those questions
go when's your next YouTube video out
right now
binge catch up why are you so sexy love
you I love you too Q P closed
do you like peonies even closer what's
the most underrated flower you are so
aggressive honestly probably peonies or
this one flower that I think it's called
like I broke a Protea up Ruti it sounds
like a laxative I don't know how to
pronounce them but they look like this
and I call them dinosaur flowers because
they just they look like something out
of prehistoric times what inspires you
to wake up every day I'm a Virgo so I
have to be up on time because it's in my
schedule things in my planet no
inspiration simply organization I don't
know what it is but I feel like I'm so
gay today excess amounts of gay what was
your first job so I was a lifeguard for
five years and it used to stress me out
so much people assumed that like writing
is just like sitting in a chair blowing
a whistle getting a tan no wrong it's
only like 50% of that the other 50% is
me stressing out that someone is going
to die and it's going to be my fault if
you're a lifeguard good luck bless your
soul
and bless that tan sweetie oh my god I'm
so gay today do you listen to any
podcasts I do I've gotten into podcasts
so much recently to the point where I
think I listen to podcasts more than I
do any of their thing like very
frequently I'm doing it more than I'm
even listening to music now I like Dax
Shepards podcast Jonathan Vanessa's
podcast the daily which is like a news
political podcast and a whole bunch of
others I love them I would love to be on
them frankly so do you think tweet the
people how do you deal with big friends
you don't deal with them yet kick them
out you know someone's being a fake
friend stop being friends with them
what's the point you're wasting your
time if they're not adding to your life
whether it's positivity happiness humor
encouragement then they're not worth
your time they come out it's a little
bit harsh but honestly you'll thank me
later
peaches are plums I had a plum for the
first time in like two or three years
yesterday and it was amazing it was
well-rounded with delicious but to be
honest I still like peaches more
thoughts on feminism my thoughts on
feminism are very simple everyone should
be a feminist and if you're not you
probably don't understand the definition
of feminism go look it up and educate
yourself done simple pro-life or
pro-choice this is another thing that I
don't think people understand you can be
pro-life but also be pro-choice I am a
pro-choice person because everyone is an
individual and they have the right to do
whatever they want with their bodies
which means that I think people equally
have the right to get an abortion or to
not get an abortion so if you yourself
want to have an abortion you should be
able to and if that is against your
personal beliefs and you don't want to
have one then you don't have one but
yeah I'm pro-choice how much money do I
have to pay you for you to run me over
with your comment you got a dollar are
you
frankly this question makes me so
uncomfortable kiss me please did you not
just hear my answer to the last question
I'm uncomfortable what they could get
bandaged I recommend a book please
as you guys very well know I frequently
work with audible.com and today's video
is no different
audible is the leading provider of
audiobooks with so many different titles
for you to listen to there's such an
amazing website they're so convenient
and they have every book you can think
of and the book that I'm gonna recommend
to you guys today is everything happens
for a reason and other lies I've loved
by Kay Fowler I read an article about
ten books that Bill Gates recommends
everyone reads this year and this was on
the list this is a really interesting
part wrenching memoir by Kate she's a
young woman with a young family who was
recently diagnosed with cancer and she
writes about how she struggles to deal
with the fact that something bad is
happening to her and she never thought
what happened to her and how she can
cope with that through religion I'm not
really a religious person but I found
this book just so raw and so real and
and again just heart-wrenching so yeah
if you want to listen to that book or
any other book frankly you can use my
link that is audible.com slash Connor or
text Connor to five zero zero five zero
zero if you click the link down below or
text that number you get a free 30-day
trial and you can download that book I
personally love to listen to audiobooks
in the car because I'm always driving
places in Los Angeles I find that it's
really convenient because I'm always on
the go and you can use the audible app
in your car on your phone on your echo
anywhere really and you can also speed
up or slow down the pace that the person
is reading the book to you yeah it's
just really amazing again that is
audible.com slash Connor go start your
free 30-day trial listen to a book want
to see my cat I'm gay but yes please
send me a picture not a question but
this is just a lot of nice messages some
person sent me
I just felt like I was gonna include it
okay moving on post more nudes and the
wholesomeness is officially gone my
problem with this comment is the word
more
did I do something did something happen
Courtney please get Andrew and Chelsey
on the line we might have a problem
where the nudes at make it quick Cobras
you've lived with winter with snow and
sunny la can you describe what it's like
to live in a perpetual summer
this is the real team living in LA gets
old people think it's amazing they're
like all the way they're so nice it's so
sunny it's so hot all the time wrong
well I mean right but it's annoying it's
not great I get sick of sweating 365
days a year can a boy get a cloud what
does a guy gotta do to get a raindrop
can I get a varied forecast it's not
that great in a weird way I would rather
have the Midwestern whether you're a fan
of smell again I don't know why but this
question makes me uncomfortable doing
this on Instagram was an interesting
experiment
I like pine smells and like fresh bread
your second toe size again we are back
to the weird I really want to know if
this was a genuine question big enough
most recent favorite film I went to an
early screening of a Burnham's eighth
grade that just recently came out it was
originally just gonna come out in a few
theaters but it's doing so well that I
think it's a nationwide release now so
go look it up and go see it if you can
it's this hilarious movie about
essentially just eighth graders it
genuinely made me laugh cry and cringe
the entire way through it's almost like
a documentary about 8th graders I could
just feel like the cringe feels so real
it's super wonderful it's hilarious go
see it what series are you watching
right now oh honey don't get me started
to series you need to watch killing Eve
and the leftovers I'm very late to the
leftovers but it's incredible and
killing Eve is pretty new and it's just
it's so good a hundred percent recommend
both I'm not even gonna explain why just
go watch them make me a baby please
don't
when is your marathon two months from
now in October give a specific time
you're shooting for a new marathon yeah
I've been training for about two months
now
I will have been training for four
months and my goal is to break 3 hours
and 30 minutes but I would really really
like to break 3 hours and 20 minutes I'm
just going to throw that out there but
also honestly I would just love to
finish just gonna throw that out there
too here's some love thank you so much
okay that's it hi I'm barb but what was
her name again hello again it's Barbara
believe back your favorite local news
woman thank you so much for this gag got
old so quick get that out of here
FBI's enjoyed watching a little bit
daily today a bit of a mood if you did
enjoy make sure to click that like
button and leave a comment down below
with some more questions that you have
for me and maybe you'll be in my next
Q&A also you can do that subscribe
button
I make content sometimes and click the
bell because who knows why follow me on
Instagram follow me on Twitter it's at
Connor Franta I like yeah I think very
highly of yep and I'll see you next week
if you enjoyed it make sure
