Saigo so what this is here this is the
just announced today GoPro Hero 7 black
a little over a month ago
GoPro invited me and a bunch of other
tech journalists about tech journalists
play inviting me any way out to this
really fun like waterpark mountain bikes
David venture to test these things out I
haven't been able to post any footage
from X that's been under an embargo but
here today I get to finally share with
you my experience in testing the hero 7
black
look great let's see if there's any
sound all right I'm here where are we
New Jersey what's this town called I'm
here in Vernon New Jersey and right
behind me here are you making a video to
use the same time making a video filming
you filming me filming you filming me
okay let's go to this camera this is
Nick here he's the founder CEO of GoPro
so pitch me on this tell me what this is
oh man here are seven blacks the best
GoPro we've ever made and it's the
biggest leap forward and performance
since the original HD hero back in 2009
High Definition was the first thing that
put GoPro on the map and hyper smooth is
today this is the gimbal killer so we're
all about helping people capture their
active lifestyles and with activity
comes motion and with motion generally
comes shake this thing captures the best
stabilized video of any camera
ever
I gotta put my camera on there
hold on this is Zack here Zack is the
guide for downhill mountain biking what
what do I need to know do you
Zack who's your favorite youtuber
all right so this is gonna be the GoPro
downhill tests all I'm gonna do both
stabilize and then unstabilized and I'll
try to show you like side-by-side but I
got to turn this camera off because I
can't actually ride with this camera
this recording to do that
do you think that youtubers can vlog
with the hero 7 yeah I don't I uh
personally I don't understand why you
guys are still using these massive
cameras when we've made this badass like
self capture solution I get it for
certain application sort of but yeah you
can absolutely vlog with this thing man
we've improved the audio performance so
increase the dynamic range you get more
natural voices and you don't have to be
lugging or I mean look at the size of
this thing dude by the way to the
waterpark this is Jeremy what's up guys
Jeremy was a u.s. army green beret
Special Forces they say that right yeah
you're correct and now is product
marketing at GoPro how'd you go from
Special Forces to product marketing of
velcro you know I decided to get out of
the military and got hooked up with
their product team I actually tested
hero 3 plus for them when I was in the
military doing skydives really seriously
other wear helmet yeah oh yeah do we go
in the same tube
get ready thanks guys
Oh God improved audio
I think GoPros have never been known for
their great audio
okay how often this thing gets seriously
hurt on this slide he can be honest
yeah that's me
require neck brace in the morning I
think there was a period where a gimbal
was really exciting and people were
psyched on see stabilized footage that
accessible but we've made it even more
accessible with hyper smooth rest in
peace
rest in peace gimbal okay Nick thank you
for subjecting yourself to my interviews
thanks bro I'm gonna start using this to
vlog with it's way lighter
I went to today knowing I was going to
see the new GoPro and I had a lot of
skepticism I just don't see what the
point is in having another GoPro but
after spending the day with the same
seeing some of the footage seeing what
it's capable of I get it it won me over
I guess the question that needs to be
answered is is this thing worth four
hundred dollars and the question I had
for Nick and didn't really have a
satisfying answer for me was our cell
phones now they're waterproof they have
4k high resolution super high quality
cameras built into them and if we're
gonna spend money on something good you
know something better than our phones
typically we're gonna target something
like this so between the spectrum of a
cell phone and an SLR camera where does
the GoPro fit in and I don't know I
think it's a very I think it's a very
tough question if you're professional
filmmaker youtuber like me absolute
necessity but if you're someone who has
limited resources in what you can afford
for hardware I don't know that this
would be the first thing you'd spend 400
bucks on it is an amazing product it is
by far the best GoPro GoPro has ever
released I will continue to use this in
this vlog and now that the embargo has
been lifted I'll actually let you know
when I shoot it on the GoPro ok
