how does it work do people get upset at
you if you do certain things
don't be don't be misled by the title of
our thumbnail I don't smoke weed with
Elon Musk in this video is obviously
referring to the podcast that he did
with Joe Rogan for the record though I
have no problem with Elon Musk or any
other adult smoking a joint in the state
of California where it's legal just like
I wouldn't have a problem with they I
don't have a glass of wine or drink a
beer listen to or watch the podcast
though I cannot recommend it enough in
fact I have no no affiliation with Joe
Rogan or his podcast but I will link it
below and I'll link it at the end of
this video yeah I think that because
it's funny everybody has just been
talking about you know a moment at the
end of that video where Elan musk takes
up half of a puff on a blunt that he
doesn't inhale the memes are incredible
I can't blame people but what that
podcast was was two and a half hours or
a little over two hours looking into the
minds of one of the people that I find
most interesting I'm fascinated by Elon
Musk
I owned a Tesla I read Ashlee Vance's
biography on Elon Musk I think he's a
very interesting character and this Joe
Rogan interview was the first time
you're really able to see into his
psyche where he was completely left his
guard down so excellent worked over oven
on the interview and Elon Musk I
appreciate your candor
now they talked about so many different
things so many different important
things like AI and the future of cars
and space travel and everything in
between but there was one moment in the
podcast and I think it has a particular
relevance to anyone who works on YouTube
or anybody who considers themselves a
social-media influencer Joe Rogan and
Elon Musk they start talking about
social media and they talk about how
Instagram makes you sad you and I were
talking about social media before the
about just not having Instagram when
you're following and not dealing you
feel better I think maybe particularly
Instagram people look like they have a
much better life than they really do and
they sort of candidly throw out Joe
Rogan throws out a quote Elon Musk
brought a quote in those quotes just
really so I think I think things like
that can make people quite sad just by
comparison because you just sort of you
people people generally could think of
themselves relative to to others
it's it's a we're constantly re we based
lining our expectations
wasn't that a thorough quote the
comparison is a thief of joy comparison
is the thief of joy now this is whether
this is true to life or not I think it's
debatable but I think where this is true
and I say this as a youtuber and as
someone who has made a living for the
last several years sharing my entire
life online I think that this has never
been more true than with outlets like
Instagram and outlets like YouTube
vloggers especially lifestyle vloggers
vloggers like me what works best what
typically works best on YouTube is to
share a happy lifestyle a successful
lifestyle lifestyle that's full of
excitement and smiles and beautiful
things and a lifestyle that shows off
how how amazing life is and on the other
side of that you have viewers you've
millions of viewers watching this
incredible lifestyle and comparing the
lifestyle that they see on the internet
on YouTube to their own lives and and
that comparison can steal joy because
yeah if happiness is reality -
expectations that's great too
because their happiness is muted by the
expectations that are falsely created by
by creators and vloggers like me people
look like they have a much better life
than they really do right so by design
yeah people are posting pictures of when
they are really happy they're modifying
those pictures to be better looking so
if you look at everyone on Instagram you
might think man they're all these happy
beautiful people and I'm not that
good-looking and I am not happy so I
must suck you know and that's gonna make
you feel sad they were just talking
about Instagram but I think Instagram
it's probably an easier thing to point
to because you're literally putting
filters to make yourself prettier and
you're literally just selecting the
images that make your life seem the most
happy and fascinating but vlogging and
YouTube in particular are far more
complex than that far more nuanced than
that as are the unrealistic and unfair
expectations that come along with the
kind of content that a lot of creators
share and then they're feeding off that
comment section oh look it's sitting
there like like it's a fresh stream of
love like you're getting right up to the
source as it comes out of the earth and
you're sucking that's a lot of butter
emojis water you post a video showing
what is a scrub clean version a filtered
version of your your life which now is
this unrealistically awesome life and
you're immediately met with feedback in
the comments that reinforce certain
aspects of your life and then discourage
other aspects of your life and then
you're able to further scrub the content
to better fit into that equation you're
able to better sculpt your life to
represent the version of your life that
you're that that you believe your
audience wants furthering the version of
your life that is shared with the
reality of your own life and then I
think viewers can take that unrealistic
fake reality and compare that to their
own lives and it just leads to a lot of
unhappiness comments and and this
ability to project this sort of
distorted
version of who you really are but I
worry about where it goes like what's
the next one what's the next one
now I don't have some brilliant solution
as to how to address this I bring this
up because it just it landed so close to
home to me it really it really hit me
hard I've been obsessing over it and one
of the only ways that I can kind of take
things out of my brain and stop thinking
about them is by turning them into a
video but I will say this I don't think
there's anything wrong with vlogging I
don't think there's anything wrong with
sharing the most beautiful pictures of
yourself with the most beautiful filters
edited in the most flattering way on
Instagram but I do encourage whether
you're thumbing through Instagram or
watching youtube videos to always be
conscious of why you're watching it and
to watch for the right reasons watch out
of curiosity watch because it's a great
escape escapism is a wonderful thing
it's why I love movies so much and most
importantly to realize that when you're
watching youtube videos when you're
watching a version of someone else's
life to know that you are seeing
something that is really truly just
entertainment you are not seeing someone
else's reality because no matter how
beautiful or how rich or how wonderful
your life can seem we all deal with the
same bullsh in life some of us just have
more Instagram followers or YouTube
subscribers which enable us to share
these you know partially fictionalized
versions of our lives and know that it's
entertainment know that it's not reality
and with that never compare someone
else's fictional lifestyle to your own
reality because happiness equals reality
- expectation
this is um this is just tobacco I don't
smoke
I don't recommend smoking I'm an
endurance runner my lungs are pristine
and I like to keep them that way but
then anything anything is that thumbnail
right don't smoke kids
