I'm here on Hudson Street look there's a
duffel bag and it says NYPD traffic the
bag is locked but it's just sitting
there start see look is that dumb that
that's a sort of trap I think you need
to call someone if you see something
on a Saturday on a rainy Saturday full
day today
I'm heading up to 57th Street right now
headed up to midtown
fine-looking horse right there I'm
building up here cuz I'm doing a little
event this morning a little talk with
the New York Road Runners which is like
the organization that does the New York
City Marathon and all the kind of road
races that happen here in New York City
they're organized by the New York Road
Runners you've got I've got two others
on it 24 all right
I think this one's supposed to be people
wait my friend Roberto yes not only am I
here I'm early uh yeah by KZ standards
five minutes earlier or six how's it
going good good man big crowd everybody
they're happy to meet you sir
a filmmaker YouTube
we did a good job I think we killed it
okay we did a good job I did I did a
good job I'm not sure about you talk
about a quick quick yeah nice to meet
you and I think that concludes the Mean
Green Roberto is that it for the mean
greet that is it for the meet and greet
you know you didn't ask me for a picture
oh all your books
buthe Edward died so how do you come to
Starbucks today is a big day here at 3 6
8 today's the day we're doing the
battlefield 5 gaming practice session
just gaming likes practice session in
the basement site
all right so let me just explain what's
going on here this is a part of a
project partnership this is a sponsored
video but this is a partnership with the
EAA around battlefield 5 which was in
the game around the world they're like a
bunch of different gaming squads this is
the gaming squad here and we're all
playing Battlefield 5 against one
another this is a big four three six
eight it's the first time we've
activated our gaming space it's it's a
lot
so Olli what do you think of our gaming
it's awesome so uh it's insane we set
all this up in two days like you guys
did phenomenal oh yeah I'm impressed how
do you like the machine there's really
come on how you feeling ready pretty
good I'm a little worried about you
you should be I'm not gonna lie but I've
got faith like potatoes we can pull this
off we're gonna get that we're gonna be
the highest bragging SWAT I feel good
about that they're really good about
that what does fragging mean you guys
strong yeah it's gonna be a lot for me
to carry the famous one where's your
backpack at I'm really shy today you
guys are so good at gaming and I'm so
terrible but they aren't making fun of
me that much even though I'm really
terrible and I deserve it
this is fun am I good did I screw it up
yeah my coach is here hey boss what do I
need to know uh do you know how to use a
mouse a keyboard the other day man I
can't play the controller they were
making fun of me so you're gonna use a
mouse a keyboard
yeah I mean of course we need though
like how long do you think how long do
you think before I die
sixty seconds over than five you're
gonna get back packed by the people that
are surrounding you but I would say I
give you 47 seconds
come outside for some air getting a
little stuffy I don't think I'd make a
good professional gamer not that I'd
ever be a professional gamer but I'm not
very good at sitting still so those guys
are still playing downstairs it's great
this whole thing is going so good it's
like there's fun Nissa happening we have
pizza coming everybody's playing playing
Battlefield playing video games this was
the vision for three six eight and I
know this is just like a little of it
and thank you a for like enabling and
sponsoring this whole thing to happen
events like that bringing the other
group of people from these guys are from
all over the country we're together in a
physical space and we're working
together to make things and create
things and do things
it's just satisfying it's satisfying to
see all that coming together
do we want do we want us to head do it
it's ready
we are not insured for this is our sick
career your livelihood your family
Roberto this never happened
I took those guys up to my studio space
after we finished just hanging in the
gaming space and even though like this
whole thing started as an activation for
ei in battlefield 5 at the end of the
day what it was is like you know a
handful of gamers of him a handful of
people who also make their living on
YouTube on Twitch on the internet
getting together and talking about kind
of our experiences and that is that is
very literally the express goal of what
I'd hope to do at 3 6 8 so really
amazingly amazingly awesome day thank
you again yay for making it happen
