like 50% sure these are fake cop cars
let me see what happens if I try and get
in one
I'm in the cop car this is not a real
cop car
there's a picture car just movie pops I
promise I didn't just get in a real cop
car that was NYPD that was not a real
car was a picture car
how you feeling going to Francine's
orientation well you know it's really
strange because Frannie is a baby I
still see her as a baby yet when she
goes into school she turns into like
this adult and she gets all serious and
quiet with her teachers and stuff change
life it just keeps but because this
morning with this school and work in
Candice and I'm running in the afternoon
there's like this beautiful low sky that
goes over like an orange strip of sky
that silhouettes the Statue of Liberty
right there I wish I had my camera here
so I could
it's a beautiful all right so I I went
home this time actually did it I got my
camera I'm trying to take a picture of
the sky but it's not so beautiful
anymore it's like I don't know that
orange band that I just wanted to take a
picture of and was so romantic and
amazing is now just kind of just like
gray mush but I'm giving it my best shot
I'm going to be talking about three six
eight a lot more moving ahead cuz like I
feel like the train has left the station
with the company like things are
happening now all the time which is
awesome alright so this is our on my
computer here this is our three six
eight live feed today at three six eight
jeromy's down there running his little
tattoo parlor this is what it looks like
yeah this is Jeremy this is a young lady
getting a tattoo looks like he's getting
the needle ready wait listen to the
audio it's like very tranquil somewhat
calming classical music it didn't seem
fair to play like actual audio where you
could hear their conversation that felt
like a violation of trust
alright out there I'm gonna go down I
want to go downstairs and check out the
tattoo situation but there are just a
couple of questions that I saw in the
comment section about 368 that really
well they were frustrating so I wanted
to address them number one somebody
asked or said in a jerkish way jerk ish
way that three six eight is an MC and MC
n is a multi-channel network something
that used to be popular years ago
they're exploitive they took advantage
of creators by taking a piece of their
Adsense in exchange for like some
services that were in my opinion BS I am
NOT a fan of MC ends and three six eight
couldn't be further from an MCN the
other thing number two that was
frustrating to read is we had our Taco
Tuesday our first ever like creator gift
together small little dinner party at
three six eight earlier this week and
somebody said something like how much
does it cost to go it costs nothing is
free these are events that we put on and
we invite people so they can meet other
creators and things like that that's not
our business model okay let's go see
some tattoos
how how did he do is he good this is the
livestream good luck I'm having a great
day all kinds of fun exciting things are
happening today I have great days all
the time and then this afternoon at like
4 o'clock I saw on Twitter on TMZ that
Mac Miller died
I don't know Mac Miller I've never met
Mac Miller but he was 26 he's a hip hop
artist always been a fan of his and I
think music like movies like a lot of
artistic mediums when you're really into
someone else's creativity or or
creations you sort of feel like you have
a relationship with him I think Mac
Miller always kind of took me because I
I mean I remember when best day ever
came out it was like 2010 or 2011 I'm 10
years older than he is so when that song
came out you know he was like 19 I just
remember seeing that it was like this it
was this anthem of loving life and
realizing your passions and and like us
all I'm thinking I'm just thinking about
that so rather than like put on a happy
face and be goofy for the rest of the
video I just wanted to share with you
how I've been feeling for the rest of
this day which is just like sad
but when someone that young guys it also
like it sends me into this place where I
just think about how fragile life is and
how young he was and how loved he was
and how successful he was and how from
afar like a lot of celebrities it just
seemed like he had everything you could
ever want like and obviously you know
like a lot of that is an illusion I
think no matter how they were celebrity
you are how much money you have how all
right no matter how much money you have
how good-looking you are how many people
love you that you're that everyone is
still just a human being and human
beings all have similar struggles and
similar demons that they have to
confront so yeah so it's a I guess I'm
just me end it there in today's video
they're very very sad that Mac Miller
passed away
