where'd you get that I made it
today it's it's this hot that's hot
okay getting a solid running despite the
heat but it's uh it's a warm one I I
recognize this this pattern we always
get these hot couple of days in
September and then that's it and then
BOOM
it's October and it's freezing so I'm
not complaining about this weather I
love this weather
I cherish this weather and I appreciate
it soon and I'll be running in a winter
coat instead of running without a shirt
on so very happy very happy today ninety
degrees out I'm gaming monitors here
I mean for one it doesn't really fit on
the destined for - it's all can't figure
out the formatting hey can you come help
me set up my gaming situation ok ok I'll
see you I don't know what I'd do without
that guy you know I almost got it set up
but like it's like 32 by 9 aspect ratio
or something and this gonna happen or
should I just give up no it's done I did
it it should work but the resolution is
fixed the game will look epic on this
obnoxious like you can't even you can't
see the whole thing in one glance
alright let me explain what's going on
this is like this is a sponsored video
we're doing a project with EA around
battlefield 5 which is launching soon
wait is the game gonna fill the whole
screen it should shut and we're in we're
in the open access right now multiplayer
5 days left ok let's say anything we're
doing a big project with them but right
now we're just gonna try to get the game
of work but also I just realize you
don't have speakers in here let me get
speakers let me get speakers Rael I'm in
a proper game right now
you just die you're logged into my my
account you want to try a terrible gamer
I'm the worst gamer I'll see you I'll
see you so where it gets really into
work gets really interesting is over in
368 looks like a storms are brewing out
here
I just uh I just wanted to sit up here
for the the Vantage so you get a better
look of what this space looks like so
here's what we're doing we are building
down here not like a proper tournament
space because we don't have the real
estate for that but we're building for
for Saturday for tomorrow just like a
four-person kind of like practice space
and ultimately we'll build this out so
it's an eight or sixteen person practice
space or gaming space down here but for
Saturday we're racing to do a
four-person gaming space game and
because we're working with EA directly
on this they're bringing in a couple of
gamers we're gonna be streaming from
down here it'll be the first time the
368 gaming space is used and because
this is like sponsored by EA and we're
doing this with EA it's a it's a big
thing I think there's gonna be 64
different gamers on a single server all
over the world though and we'll all be
competing against one another which is
cool but what's even cooler is the fact
that we're doing it out of three six
eight the hard part of all this is
getting this space ready by Saturday
this is all gonna be linked below but if
you want to follow along the streams me
Saturday at 10:00 a.m.
California time which is 1:00 p.m.
New York time where it's all below in
the description
what day next week is the activation it
would be good is if you like give me a
tattoo for this scene as I'm talking
about okay all right so all right so
this is the three six eight store right
here this is where like last week's
video you saw me in here selling
t-shirts we've been working hard to open
this space and we're going to open it to
the public I think one day next week we
have something called the sidewalk
permit which means it's kind of
expensive you have to pay for days
where's new one day I'll let you know
what day and on that day in addition to
like selling whatever crap we can come
up with Jeremy here is going to set up a
tiny it's more of an art installation
but like a tattoo parlor right here in
this window right so yeah tattoos okay
so let me explain how it works it's
really good okay Jeremy every time okay
so here's how it works Jeremy is gonna
make a selection of drawings like his
little drawings and then we have a
website I'll link it is it alive I'll
link it below you like go on there you
look at his drawings and then you sign
up to come get attached it all tattoos
are 100 bucks even because that just
seems right you can only pick one of
Jeremy's drawings do you pick where it
goes no they can pick where it goes no
face tattoos right no face tattoos no
face unfortunately you only do a couple
a day but it's still dope yeah it'll be
fun and then secretly not secretly like
today when you're seeing this video
three people today as like as you're
seeing this video can come in and get a
tattoo I'll link the site below I'm sure
they'll already be three dudes lined up
but like that's the plan and again it's
not about turning three six eight into
like a tattoo parlor
Jeremy's just a rad street artist rad
tattoo artist and we're like
tomorrow notepaper
you're gonna be behind here and you even
have a peanut gallery out here watching
you tattoo is that cool you know last
week I made a video about ambition and
doing too much and not knowing when to
say no and it's just like last night we
did that serious lightly last night we
did that Taco Tuesday which was a small
deal but it was also a big deal too as a
first and then even tomorrow Jeremy's a
little tight to experiment again a small
deal but it's a first and then next week
we're opening up the space to the public
that's a first this thing we're doing
with EA and Battlefield five on Saturday
tomorrow that's a first
and all of this is culminating like all
this is happening at the same time that
Candice just keeps like inching closer
to the due date the baby is doing like I
think for four weeks in two days right
now it's just a lot and I couldn't be
more excited I couldn't be happier I
think the feeling right now is one of
being totally overwhelmed and I think
the only thing you can do when you feel
overwhelmed is just keep going and
that's the plan
what's good
