five a.m. run this morning with graham
here solid 10k sun's not even up yet
today is a travel vlog
look at that thing beef turret what's up
man yeah thank you you say they have any
cash on me so I left all my stuff in it
and then car raced down here to get a
bunch of cash out of the ATM so I can
tip my driver because you should always
tip your driver when they're nice and
that had a supercool tie for the way
that it blends hard to find Tokyo
to Birmingham Alabama
well right now I'm headed to Atlanta
Georgia and then connection to
Birmingham Alabama but we're there to
speak at a big technology conference
called swamp Tech I'm excited about that
plus I get to travel a lot of traveling
plus didn't see the family before the
end of the day these are all great
things there it's very excited about
this trip
welcome to Atlanta from local time to
10:15 a.m. I'll see you later
fun fun dancing with you have a little
dance-off with the flight attendants
who's straight she's a really good
dancer 41 minutes till my next flight
takes off 40 flights delayed 35 minutes
to kill on the airport electronic store
planes boarding now getting on the
second point you sit this is it and then
I'm there
that's our family
I could be wrong about this but I don't
know that I've ever actually been to the
state of Alabama before I don't I don't
think so that's me well you're missing a
tee but that's me yeah nice that hey I'm
Casey I've never been in the great state
of Alabama I'm a guy who travels a lot
too I don't I just know I'm not sure
I've ever been here I gotta get an
Alabama football game we live there
little grandma we kissed in a field of
wine and stars spell own Alabama named
I can that's the event poster
photographer supports a bodyguard
everything cool out here pizza's here
man so you think that I'll be able to
fly this thing inside definitely right I
can definitely apply a drone in this
room
where do we sit here what's this and I
wish I was as good of a runner why are
we in this um Winnipeg where are we
going right now thanks for the lift
all right we took that little van to
lunch it was good now we're back here
now it's like interview and then they
take some pictures of me and things like
that and then I go on say to do my talk
it's like when they bring you all the
way down for something like this you do
a lot in a short amount of time we do
interviews now
well mmm no my sweaty floors are marks
what up guys I'll see you all very soon
talks over I think it went well
there's still people here we're doing a
little photo now with the team
Birmingham this was like a VIP reception
that went after my talk I gotta go get
in the car go to the airport fly away
bye guys thank you for having me where
this rain come from think we're gonna
take off with this rain I hope so didn't
need to keep it up take care YouTube
that's Willy
he was my limo driver turns out he's
sort of leading that company there he's
not renew her himself he's picking up a
new car tomorrow for his limo business I
love that attitude we're super fans nice
to meet you guys don't steal my camera
recording my flights supposed to take
off I don't know if it's gonna happen in
this rain you think I'll make it hope
you're right supposed to take off in 31
minutes
there it is that's our plane right there
that's oh yeah International Airport I
have one more my fourth and final flight
of the day departs in 36 minutes which
is a half an hour delayed it's like just
got delayed for another hour and a half
that's two hours of total delays how do
I kill another hour in this Airport
solid workout if the flight is uh is
boarding now ladies and gentlemen
morning welcome to Los Angeles um times
125 and that's it for flying today no
big deal just one little car ride left
and that's that's it for traveling for
the day thank you
well that was officially a long day
happy to finally be home
