you are pregnant look at you finally
hey John I'm going to go to LaGuardia
thank you very much
have a good day sir
thank you
on my way to Boston for like a super
quick business trip I'm going there
today I'm coming back tonight change
changes the theme of today's episode let
me well let me begin by you we were not
a little vacation this past weekend
September 1 2018 September 1 that means
summer is effectively over
we are here in Watch Hill Rhode Island
I've been here before in the vlog this
is one of my favorite places in the
world this vacation no the reason why we
took this vacation it's the same reason
why I've taken a break from posting
videos which is that Candice is due in a
month in a month we're having a baby and
that's a that's a lot
let's our pleasure be the first to walk
you to Boston Logan International
Airport for the local time is it makes
me think of other times in my life when
there are big changes like when I got
married or when when Francine was born
okay
good to see you sir and those inflection
points you know in the moment they don't
in the moment they don't feel as
substantive as when you look back at
them and you realize that like those
terms are the terms that make your
entire life
I'm holding that tight good morning
because if you're cast by the water
let's look at this house
you know Owen went to college not long
after Francine was born so it really has
just been the three of us and and when
you think of your family unit you think
of it as like this a movable thing like
families don't change your family is
your family the only time it changes is
when someone new comes into your family
and we're about to have that happen in
the most like jarring way it could which
is by having a little baby come in and
change everything
so I'm here I'm here in Boston speaking
at a like a marketing event called hyper
growth very exciting this is my green
room here look what they did ready cool
I speak in about 20 minutes and then
back in New York and that's a lot
it's exciting that's life like that's
what that's what it's all about but we
really have been trying to appreciate
what we've had for the last couple of
years and appreciate the fact that it's
all about to change and this this little
trip is a culmination of that
appreciation
thank you very big change it's also it's
all I think about straight track the
airport
trying to really appreciate things soak
it all in
change is coming you shouldn't be scared
of change no while it's okay to be
scared of change you shouldn't let that
fear prevent you from know while it's
natural to be scared of change you
should never let that fear keep you from
making changes a lot of change is coming
up new baby okay back to New York
yeah
we then
prego
how is vacation going can you believe
that our family is not going to be you
me and Francine anymore
crazy right welcome to New York's
LaGuardia Airport the time is 5:45 p.m.
please remain seated with your seatbelt
fastened until the seatbelt sign is
turned off and keep the aisles clear of
all carry-on items
and you be now with my soul before me
kisses
