weekend tradition Starbucks with the
kiddo the Hat the Hat was at her
insistence
that's his dinner last night and I ran
into a friend of mine and this woman
there she told me that her son has been
vlogging he's young that he's been
vlogging in kids at school have been
making fun of him because he's making
YouTube videos heard that from like uh
from a young person the Twilight he was
12 or 13 years old and he was making
YouTube videos
he also well his parents also told me he
was getting teased at school because he
made YouTube videos god that just pisses
me off
I want to kick off today's episode with
a message directly to you
twelve-year-old kid who's getting teased
at school because you make youtube
videos
let me explain a truth bear with me here
this is for everyone this is for
everyone who's trying to do something
that they believe in and some is
discouraging them against okay ready
this line here this line is you over
here is now and here is when you succeed
now they're gonna tease you now they're
gonna tease you now because you don't
have success just yet
then you're gonna succeed and they'll
want to be these are the two phases that
will happen by the doubters and by the
haters and in between they're scared of
you
so in those kids at school are picking
on you no it's because they're scared of
you so they tease you because they know
when you succeed they're gonna want to
be you
now you down here in between now and
when you achieve success there there are
two things two things that you should be
doing and that is to persevere and be
determined perseverance I will continue
my pursuit
no matter the opposition you can tease
me you can pick on me you can call me a
loser you can be like my friends parents
like back in high school and I had a
dropout is that a kid to take care of
and they looked at me in the Caza Loser
and they rolled their eyes at me and
they didn't what their kids that hang
out me because I was the loser I didn't
care I persevered I continued my pursuit
determination I will stop at nothing to
achieve my goal you are determined and
you will stop at nothing so the kids in
school are picking on the kids that
wanna make youtube videos teasing
somebody for doing something that
they're passionate about how dare you
God get me all riled up at the start of
the vlog got some exciting stuff coming
in this episode
that's a big night wait it's kind of a
big night but believe it or not I'm
running horribly late really have time
to dress up properly I'm just gonna
kinda throw a little something together
so I'm on my way to the 8th annual or
6th annual or 10th annual or
something annual shorty awards the
shorter I've been to the Oscars and the
Grammys the MTV Music Award but there's
a special place in my heart for the
Shorty Awards because they celebrate
youtubers and snapchatters and social
media creators
which which have as much cultural impact
as people in the movies the people on TV
but don't get anywhere near the
recognition so
I love the Shorty Awards
hi thank you
bye Christina have I mentioned lately
just how much I love New York City
because I really love New York City
I don't love that Midtown traffic though
Oh
sorry I'm late no worries Helen just
started right now so I haven't actually
missed anything yet right you have not
missed anything I mean any of my duties
you've done this any of your duties here
toward the end of the show all right you
look great dropped off all my stuff
fixed my tie
producing green means on a letter our
Facebook Tumblr YouTube snapchat you now
usually their nominee whatever else I'm
forgetting it for the last time ever
Phenom Bush she here yes well she's
getting so I wasn't entirely aware of
this but I'm presenting an award to two
Karlie Kloss who's on her way here now
which is great you are so late I was
late
hope that was okay
so nice to meet you guys that was a
really fantastic event so glad that I
went
it's also a lot of fun being in Times
Square at night
