remember how I made a video a while ago
complaining about how the city of New
York needed to get rid of these big ugly
barriers here look you're doing it
good work New York
got a quick breakfast date before I go
into work quick breakfast day with cue
lovely ladies
have the baby with you I thought the
baby was here she's not how did the
doctor's appointment go with the baby
eight pounds she's getting big baby
Georgie is eight Pat is one month old
today right and she weighs a whopping
eight pounds and this is Dan a lot I
don't know if you been watching his
videos but when Dan when I told Dan
how's me taking like a month off to have
a baby said great I'm gonna go back to
South Africa to propose to his
girlfriend Congrats
standing cabs come back soon Dan
I love you the tracker man
you're part of a tracker crew yeah
there's a crew of people that just drive
trackers trackers and other beaters it's
a beater in any youtubers youtube career
and certainly a crowning achievement in
my own youtube career is this this oh
this the diamond play button you get
these when you get 10 million
subscribers YouTube gives you one for
free
and it's hard to describe but listen
it's heavy it feels solid it says my
name on the back can you see you see
that this is Casey nice that
congratulations on passing 10 million
subscribers ah so I thought today a fun
little video a fun little experiment
would be to go ahead and saw this in
half and see what's on the inside
these are the guys these are guys okay
this is Dan and this is thanking these
guys have a fantastic youtube channel
called what's inside where they cut
things open and see what's inside how do
you guys come up with the name it was my
science project and we had to pick a
question so we decided to do what's
inside sports balls but then we just
named the channel what's inside so we
can have more things not just for sports
yeah you wanna see it yeah have you seen
it before
no I'm alright
it's heavy and it's like solid something
so careful of it and not so we're gonna
use the cuts to do do-do-do careful ok
what do you do
just kidding we made a fake one so you
do that stun
where's the real ones whatever shatter
now you crowd just drop it all right
what do we ready we this is metal but
this thing is made out of crystal and we
don't want to take the metal blade and
put it on the crystal because I like my
eyes my face
it's what does it call it's it's led
free crystal I'm sure you're good at
this yeah do it will it shatter oh wait
does this happen oh yeah
careful of sharp on the backside a
little glue let me see if I can get the
metal bit off the bottom it's glued on
there really well that didn't happen
okay all right well now so the rest of
this is completely solid so if we're
gonna get into this I don't think
there's gonna be diamonds but we're just
yeah the logo here this one's actually
mine congratulations on passing ten
million subs okay I love that we're
doing this do you guys know how to use a
chop saw like safety we have a saying
you know some people say like safety is
our number one priority we're like
safety is in our top five so I don't
know that's a terrible idea
look this is actually mine
I just blew a fuse did it work
do you feel bad I mean this is an award
your Diamond Award you feel bad about
cutting it people always ask me that in
the comments um
do I feel bad I honestly I don't think I
would have done it if we haven't told
them they're not in on the secret
yeah so we did a video where we went to
YouTube award headquarters and while we
were there they showed us tab they
showed us a blemished Diamond Award so
we printed on there but it was already a
blemished one that they didn't order we
cut my actual now this is a blemished
one you sure just a little bit of
blemish so where's that good one pretty
sure they should we cut the right way
okay you're right okay okay so look this
is an actual one that we cut in half
it's real just we're gonna send it to
anyone so we engrave their name on the
back
this was like a faulty one yeah yes but
this is a genuine one if you get ten
million subs this is what you get that's
the real one
okay so Dan and Lincoln here made a
fantastic video where they actually go
and they visit like the factory where
they make not just the diamond play
buttons with the gold ones and the
silver ones it's pretty fascinating
seeing like the assembly line yeah I
mean what other platform does something
like this where they give their creators
an award that cost money time they've
changed them over the years to make them
better are you trying to like jockey for
some YouTube network isn't here that
would be nice no but I'll link it below
go over to their channel where they made
like a longer video it really is
interesting I think the most telling
thing was like that shot where there's a
table and there's like
hundreds of gold play buttons just lined
up and it's sort of the only it's the
only like realization or physical thing
where you get to see how many people are
crossing that threshold to a million
subscribers every day every day okay
thank you for watching please don't cut
anything in half at home we are
professionals and especially don't cut
and have a solid piece of wood
this is space grade aluminum okay we'll
see you tomorrow on the show where I cut
in half my Tesla
