every once in a while here on tech
review Tuesday we get a special package
a special product that is yet to be
released to the public we check it out
first
today is such day I'm aware that today
is Thursday not Tuesday but we couldn't
open these on Tuesday because there was
a press embargo these are the
accessories Pro 2 1 Matic pro 2 2
all right so we have the two new Mavic
pros here this is the Mavic 2 pro the
pro has a big fat warning sensor on it
that means better image quality better
low-light better color better everything
this is the Mavic pro 2 zoom this one's
got a 24 - 24 to 48 millimeter optical
zoom lens okay now for the
all right so before we get into the
flight test of these drones I just want
to talk about how I actually judge
drones drone quality etc so you've got
two axes you've got the quality how good
is the picture that it yields anywhere
from okay to top-notch versus the price
expensive less desirable cheap everybody
wants cheap this is the sweet spot here
you want a cheap but top-quality drone
so you start with something like this
spark here the spark is the spark is 399
dollars which is very cheap but the
quality the quality is just about okay
so the spark I put right about there
then there's the folding maverick air
and the Medicare is improved quality
slightly more expensive I've put it
right about there
the original Mavic it has absolutely
stellar quality and it's not that
expensive at 999 I put it right about
there this thing at best quality for
consumer marketing drones that DJI sells
quality is all the way over here but
they start at $1500 and they go up from
there depending hours control are you
getting all that chest so they're more
like here now testing the maverick to
zoom and then a b-2 pro the price puts
them
well the price puts them right in the
middle here and the quality is to be
determined but obviously I'd love to see
it right right around here so we're
heading to a prime drone flying area
where there's lots of things to look at
and we can fly there legally Justin why
can we fly in Coney Island legally 20
islands outside commercial airspace
Class B so it's just outside of JFK's
like no-fly zone or whatever
just another reminder to always respect
the rules of the Federal Aviation
Administration right yeah you got it
that's exactly right so we are here at
New York City's Coney Island
seem like the prime location to test
my first time flying the zoom having a
zoom lens especially one in the air lets
you do things that otherwise would be
impossible with the drones one of the
cool things though is it's letting me do
it live so like or automatically so I go
48 millimeter I swipe up to 24 and it
automatically zooms out or in so the
implementation it's very good I mean
very good for a beginner for sure it's
more expensive
it does have guys Hasselblad one inch
sensor on that that means like a bigger
better camera that should yield better
dynamic range better colors better
low-light
better kind of everything
that is the regular Mavic in Mavic one
we're gonna fly all of DJ's legacy
drones now to compare the image quality
between the old drones and these and
these two new drones
yeah
have you been out here yet I had a hot
dog yeah you told me that we were gonna
eat hot dogs now no hot dogs no hot dogs
we gotta go back hot dog is not sitting
well at all ah as someone who's super
fluent with consumer and prosumer level
drones having looked at the footage that
these things yield I am not surprisingly
but I am extraordinary impressed with
what they're capable of the pro in
particular has amazing dynamic range in
just this camera that they've managed to
put on here is just an extremely
impressive camera and that's how's the
chicken game away from the nomadic zoom
if I had to guess I would say the zoom
yields a very similar image to the Mavic
one but that zoom feature is
extraordinary and personally I think
that this zoom is going to be my new go
to number one drone this this will be
the drone that lives in my camera bag
this will be the drone that I travel
with this will be my new drone so what
that means for my my chart here I take
the Maverick to pro at fourteen hundred
and forty nine dollars and I put it I
put it right about here the quality is
top-notch the price is still a little
bit expensive but the Mavic to zoom that
zoom feature the quality is top and the
price considering what it does the
closest drone to the sweet spot of any
drone I've ever used and I would say
that DJI with these two latest releases
once again shows that when it's time to
buy a drone it's not do you buy DJI
drone it's just which
DJI drone Dubai
if I am gonna complain about one thing
though it says the old nav Achaemenid
that never really stayed on there well
and it's kinda well I'm kind of unhappy
to report that they haven't done much
better with the Maverick - it has this
and I can't figure out how to
