I don't think our YouTube audience in
seeing your new haircut yet Candice
and he got it nice to meet you
baller the carpet comes today I'm so
sorry about the car
howdy howdy
he's the carpet happenin
it looks good looks great thing I love
it
it's quiet hey dude I mean you cannot
imagine what a dump that basement used
to be and now it is like a few carpet
tiles away from being our new production
facility last week out last week I
posted a video about this fundraising
charity effort that my friend Jerome
started then I was psyched to be a part
of to raise money for the people in East
Africa affected by the horrible drought
and famine that's taking place there
right now
now if you're a longtime viewer of this
panel you know I'm not one who shies
away from you know to use this platform
to sort of share causes that I believe
in whether that's whether that's helping
an individual or broader cause like like
what this initiative is about but I have
to say in my life I could have never
imagined I mean we raised and this was
not my doing those guys Ben Stiller in
Jerome those guys did a lot more of the
work than I did I just made a video
about it and I shared it we raised
almost two million dollars to a million
dollars to help people affected by this
horrible famine and the important thing
is in addition to all of that money
which will help people by doing this
fundraiser not only did we raise the
capital but we also brought a lot of
attention to a cause that needed it huh
these are my new house shoes these are
shoes that you were in the house some
might call them slippers but these have
good soles on them so I can actually
wear them too
what is this line you're waiting in line
for cookie dough this whole block is
just for cookie go you're in line for
cookie dough this whole line here is to
come in there is it like this every day
how good is your cookie dough I'm
terribly nice to meet you best of luck
this place just sells ice cream cones
filled up with cookie dough
yes a picture with both you oh this is
great
oh thank you for reminding me it's
either it's unbelievable we just crushed
two million right now but here's the
thing drone it's not the two million
dollars it's the awareness that comes in
that was recording the first piece two
million dollars raised Turkish Airlines
agreed to two hundred tons of in total
yeah so we found a very special product
called plum peanuts basically if a kid
eats one bough of it every day for six
weeks then he moves from being almost
dying to being fine I've bring once we
can taste it we didn't raise the two
million dollars to hand it over to the
UN or any NGOs it's actually being all
of the organization is being done with
people that we know and the reason for
that is to make sure that every penny of
it goes to help people so to all the
haters in the comments saying that all
that cash was gonna go to the government
or warlords or whatever well there will
never be cash handed over only the
foodstuffs and the products and drones
actually working with NGOs on the ground
there to help distribute this stuff so
this is the plum peanuts and we visited
the factory is their base in Rhode
Island
cook baby it's for people less than five
years old we want to buy locally because
locally you can buy rice yogurt you can
buy flour and locally you can buy water
there's a lot of private companies that
sending huge trucks of water we had we a
drop in the ocean I think that's the
most important thing to realize is that
like we raised two million dollars we
had 80,000 people behind this whole
thing and the impact we will make is yes
this small group of 80,000 people came
together and did the maximum they could
you know a lot of people I saw it to me
like I had $20 on the bank again I gave
15 like that's so beautiful
good work man I'll see you soon I'll see
you soon bro I love you too
Candice's office
where we going we're going to party is
there food there it's a cookbook party
so maybe that was work today honey good
I was hoping I could go see this before
I'm good how you doing good to see you
pictures of Francine with all her prey
checking your friends temperature oh my
god I have to get our doctor set cool to
know guys in second grade I went um
Supercuts is that what was called where
they all had the names on the mirrors
and I said I wanted spikes so I got
spikes at the top and then a bob like
this but then I went to st. John's my
preppy school and everyone was like a
lot of people there Candace
a lot of people here
this guard the owner of this restaurant
could you imagine this whole thing's a
party for Dean's new book this is a
restaurant called Jack's wife Freda true
story fifteen years thirteen ten years
ago so always go to his restaurant when
Candice and I were dating long story
long Dean the owner of this place
we kind of credit our relationship to
him in no small part
whoa hey
