in New York City after a snowstorm they
push all the snow into the street so
cars will run it over it'll melt faster
there's a horrible 4 boosted boards
though
children running running every day
getting my miles let's go
Jimmy you remember Jimmy Jimmy Conrad
solid solid run out there Jim hmm
hey the quarter miles 720 pace we were
chit-chatting it would have been a 650
pace easy we're talking about marriage
we're talking about love work real life
stuff real life stuff
all right Kimmy today's the first day of
spring which is FDNY that's awesome
today being the first day of spring
means yesterday was the last day of
winter
getting warmer not getting cold
it means it's the start of a new season
and something new more broadly you got
to see my new studio shooting set up
this is like my point-and-shoot camera
my little camera that I'll do like vlog
II style stuff with but when I'm here in
the studio and I'm shooting like talking
to camp look at this thing the heart of
this is this here a 7r2 which is a sony
camera then i have this like house built
around it which then holds this funky
arm thing here at the end of this arm is
a monitor I have this other funky little
arm here this arm holds the microphone
so it can be close to me without getting
in frame and then lastly I have this
thing which I cut down myself see that
this is a light so when you add all this
stuff up see that's me there there's the
light microphone camera that's what it
looks like see I always like to have one
camera in here that's set up dedicated
just to like talking to camera shots so
I don't have to break this thing down
plus the image quality is better ready
this is my little camera this is the big
camera little camera big camera little
camera big camera it's a pretty big
difference right I mean I like this
camera this is a rock-solid camera but
look how pretty this picture is it's
like it's this is like a pro shot
dear Casey has a person who loves us
you're a true human I'm making a short
video which is missing you in this video
people from all around the world are
releasing a balloon with a cart attached
to it so low spirit want me to write
down what I'm interested in in this car
didn't set it free
alright lows here is your interest card
I'm interested in tacos in making movies
and now I'm gonna go ahead and set this
free okay there it goes
now I say for all of my environmentalist
viewers I'm not one on littering but
when someone even a stranger asked me
for help with making a video even if it
involves launching a balloon out of my
window I still do it
hi Casey what'd you find in this box a
pair of sunglasses made of bamboo I
recently started man however the real
reason I'm sending this to you is to
thank you I've followed your YouTube
Justin thank you you think they look
good on me okay hi Casey my name is
drone Chandler I'm a big fan of recently
recreated father storyteller water
clothes too I hope you enjoyed this
t-shirt late nights early runs Derron I
really appreciate you sending this to me
it's not entirely accurate though
because are usually go to vote super
early I'm not a late-night kind of guy
Candice likes to stay up late not me so
much but I do like to wake up and run
early so thank you for this t-shirt you
know I haven't done mail time in such a
way
these have a lot a lot of packages to
open up but now it's no it's much more
manageable to Francine and Owen I wish
you to love life and never stop dreaming
may beauty and happiness surround you
always that it's such a nice thing to
say this kind of looks like Candice and
Francine and me okay I can't quite read
your signature
that's a hard signature to read right
there but I think that this is from the
author of this book and I'm not sure how
to pronounce that hi sue yen thank you
for this book this is a lovely
children's book Francine's you to love
this book please open before NYC dff I
don't know what NYC dff means so I want
to apologize in advance if I didn't open
this before NYC BFF Oh New York City
drone Film Festival yes the New York
City drone film festival is this weekend
I spoke at a panel at it hey I did meet
the guy that sent this to me
um one thank you for this
congratulations on congratulations
congratulations on your your movie and
thank you for this chocolate that kind
of concludes um mail time
there's a huge controversy taking place
on YouTube right now and it's about
YouTube's restricted mode you don't know
about this controversy there's some
links below Phil DeFranco does a great
job of explaining the whole thing
Gigi gorgeous gives a really smart video
about why it is a big deal my best
understanding of this whole restricted
mode controversy thing is just like
YouTube once again screwed up
communication they up communication with
their community and the community gets
all upset about it because they don't
know what's going on and YouTube doesn't
explain what's going on I know spent
time with the executive team at YouTube
right Susan the CEO all the way down
wonderful wonderful people and they're
trying to do good things but they're
failing at something very very important
which is making the YouTube community
the community the community of creators
feel respected appreciated and and to
keep us informed of what's coming out
with this platform that so many creators
depend on for their livelihood and
companies that have huge user bases like
YouTube it's very hard to communicate
with everyone I empathize with this
struggle but we'd love to hear about of
the initiatives by YouTube to help us
creator stay informed and understanding
of what's going on and how best to
leverage this platform and and just in
short better informing what our
relationship with the platform looks
like and what it's going to look like
into the future okay here's why this is
a big deal I'm zooming in here's why
this is a big deal and why I'm talking
about it right now YouTube as a company
has absolute ownership over this video
creator community that exists on the
entirety of the internet nobody's making
great videos on Instagram or on Twitter
or on snapchat or on Facebook if it's
great original video content online it's
on YouTube but YouTube is vulnerable
meaning that YouTube is threatened
meaning that if the YouTube community
doesn't feel well taken care of and a
competitor comes along with a product
that's just as good but could give
creators a bigger audience a better
opportunity for creators I don't know
what would keep creators with YouTube
versus trying other platforms and I
think we're at a very interesting place
right now in the world of technology
because we're going to start seeing
other
companies gun for that space that
YouTube currently owns FDNY boat rolling
up on me right there so I say this
because I don't express my own
frustration that YouTube at least
outwardly from an optics perspective
YouTube doesn't do enough to make their
community feel like they're prioritized
and I know that the people at YouTube
noticed but they're monopoly on the
space is not for ever it is vulnerable
someone else could come along and do
what you're doing and do a better job of
it and every time something like this
takes place that upsets the community it
jeopardizes the loyalty that the
community has with the platform I still
love you YouTube I just don't understand
why you don't communicate better with
the creators
and in any
it's not scary okay whoa I ran into my
lying I don't know how this thing works
honey ready that funny all right let's
put the little drone away for now
