this this is the story of what can
happen when the power of social media is
leveraged for something good
I just wanna say so this all started
yesterday last night when I saw the
tweet from Thoreau
Scrooge idea miss Amy Butler a facin
Jerome's a good friend of mine he's like
a big social media guy but he's someone
who's really concentrated his efforts
and social media towards helping others
dominant person enough lagunas he could
be dying to know it - what room is
talking about here is the current
humanitarian crisis taking place in
Somalia which isn't reported on that
well here in the States but it is a it's
a famine that's been brought on by a
drought and a number of other
geopolitical issues but it's affecting
over 6 million people in Somalia alone
see a bit on the opposite in the way to
comp you see do it long way yet about so
many so he tweeted that video he
directed it at Turkish Airlines
specifically because they're the only
airline that flies to Somalia and and
then it started to pick up traction and
but my friend Jerome Jarre brought this
to my attention that he thinks we can
all help by getting an airplane filled
with food and water to Somalia we can't
let this happen we have to help these
people use this hashtag get it trending
get Turkish Airlines attention and
quickly this started to gain traction it
started to become bigger than just your
own
okay Friday night at 8:00 p.m. that's
when I was in front of the computer and
so horrible if I mean so Maya I googled
how to get a flight so turkey Shannon is
the only airlines going there I decided
okay we have to do something we have to
try to get this fried and fill it with
food so it takes Ben hey Ben do you see
what's happening in Somalia millions of
people are about to die from famine just
like in 2011 and this is Ben Stiller the
famous actor uh-huh the original one
we're launching the army now to provide
the players then we are going to ask
food companies and people to donate food
and really tricking to frightful in
water now it's go time do you guys want
to document it yes you just said yes and
the next day was it so wasn't easy yes
sure and that's how all of this came
together I didn't think you'd actually
do it all right
Jerome 1ba wampa never won yeah tell me
what's going on give me the full give us
the full update okay here is what's
going on but five days ago I saw an
article online about what's going on in
Somalia and I wasn't aware I think made
you haven't barely talked about it and
so there is only one airline that goes
there it's Turkish Airlines and so I
thought okay why don't we ask the
insurance if we can use that flight and
fill it with food and bring bring some
healthy do you feel like you're bullying
carolina's I feel like we are getting
them an opportunity to do something
amazing you don't feel like you're
shaming them into helping no we're like
do you want to have they can say yes or
no so we have a code with them at 1:00
p.m.
which would you oh no it's in five
minutes are in five minutes we have a
call with and that's we're gonna find
out if they're gonna help this
campaigner
head of communications everything is not
anything what you can ready
hello oh hey how are you today oh yes
yes I'm here we strike on one buy and
band and everybody's here so this phone
call here is the official call whether
with their find out from Turkish
Airlines if they can actually lose their
cargo planes to bring food and relief
supplies to Somalia so yesterday we were
told that on so there's this big 60 ton
cargo flight and then after that as long
as we bring food you get to make room
right somehow no matter it doesn't
really matter if it's a wide-body
narrow-body as long as you know we find
space
bye-bye all right thank you guys 60 tons
cargo flight to fill with food for
Monday 27 that will go from Istanbul to
Somalia and then we have an extra 140
140 tons that we can use of this space
for the next six months all right if you
didn't catch what has happened Turkish
Airlines just agreed to fill up an
entire cargo plane with 60 tons that's
120 thousand pounds of food and relief
to go to Somalia they also just
contributed another unless I'm saying
this wrong I think it's another hundred
and forty tons that they would put in
there other planes that like extra space
to go to Somalia this thing just got
real like I just i sat there I witnessed
it there was an idea and then a tweet
and then the tweet turned into a
movement which became something else
that has now become action
very important to recognize here how big
of a deal it is for Turkish Airlines to
have done this this isn't a commercial
anything for Turkish Airlines they just
stepped up and gave no idea what the
cost could be that is a tremendous
amount of resources to give an entire
cargo plane and then plane after plane
with extra cargo space to bring relief
and for me personally look I retweeted
it yesterday and I saw Jerome was doing
this but right there when this had
happened these guys did all the heavy
lifting they did the hard work I offered
to be a part of the fundraising so
what's taking place now is there's a
GoFundMe account that's linked below
where they're trying we are trying to
raise all the money to pay for all the
supplies and infrastructure to bring all
of that food to Somalia Ben Stiller's
letting us use his charity the Stiller
foundation so all donations are
tax-deductible and will be managed
appropriately you'll be able to see in
fact everything donate if you can I know
there's like a lot of bad things going
on in the world right now there's a lot
of things locally of concern but it's
but it's hard to imagine a greater
priority then you know millions of
people starving to death and knowing
that a couple bucks could impact that in
a positive way and then also with some
truth which is the fact that you know
there are millions of people who are
starving and struggling because of this
drought because of this famine not just
in Somalia but in Ethiopia and Kenya and
South Sudan and Sudan and Uganda these
planes and all this effort and all this
energy that's being made by this little
campaign is a drop in the hat but I
think a very important first step is one
of awareness which this seems like a
very good first step towards but there
are some links below if you want to
understand more of what's happening
there
I also linked below the American Refugee
Committee which you can also give money
to they're doing work all over Eastern
Africa I'll send this with like this
cool video that Turkish Airlines sent us
thank you everyone for watching thank
you even more to people who contribute
and thanks especially to Turkish
Airlines for for for doing this as only
a lawn that connects Somalia to the
world we'll be more than happy to
deliver you love and assistance to
Somalia on your behalf
as a Turkish Airlines family we're proud
to be a part of this quite cool thank
you I just want to say
