I am headed to DC now the inauguration
the inauguration is tomorrow depending
on when you're watching this if you're
watching this surprise on the the
inauguration is a 20th today's the 19
today I'm gonna spend the day getting
ready getting my credentials to get into
a hotel coming with a plan for how to
approach tomorrow I really don't know
what it's gonna be like down there this
is Baltimore next stop is DC
bring them out the only way out of the
train station is to funnel through this
one little exit I would assume it's like
the only way they can keep the eye on
everybody coming into the city
look at that view okay so I guess this
will be my stay for the next couple of
days head it to the CNN DC bureau right
now to get my credentials I'm so glad I
brought this skateboard shopping in this
town is just bonkers right now oh that
part's too loud I called him your boy
he's your boy you are his boyfriend
that's weird
nice to meet you
all right look got my credentials
getting out of here
I neglected to show up for the photo bit
so they picture me at sunglasses on my
head so that's kinda cool so I spent the
last couple hours just kind of zipping
around DC seeing what's going on and I
think what struck me the most is how
quiet this entire town is there's people
everywhere
but it's silent like you can almost hear
them testing the PA and that's it
you know those guys oh yeah
let me ask is there any where I should
go there anything I should see well you
should go to the lips which is what
surrounds the National Monument got it
this is Pennsylvania so you're gonna run
right into the White House they're fake
like Donald Trump there what are you
guys doing tomorrow we're a cool program
and so we're just we're supposed to be
in there right now are you guys excited
for tomorrow yeah yeah big Trump
supporters picture on big the Trump what
do you what are you most excited about
excited about meeting you oh nice to
meet you guys take care enjoy yourself
tomorrow okay guys all right quickly
running out of daylight and completely
out of boosted power
I'm glad I came a day early to check
things out I'm really I'm not sure what
to say about tomorrow it's gonna be
interesting
that was too loud
