4:02 in the morning
so I am up at the crack of dawn this
morning to go run a race the race isn't
a big deal but this whole thing's a big
deal for let me explain morning
old tradition of mind always have a
bagel before a race today's a big deal
because how you sir in a lot of races
but I haven't run one in three years and
today is me confronting that by running
my first race in three years and my
little brother's coming there for moral
support and I paid for the bagels well
thank you for the delicious bagels bye
ladies
Suns coming up race starts in uh
we've arrived
I'm gonna go register for the race now I
thought I could sign up today you're not
allowed to sign up race day to register
they told me no they told me to go home
I found the race director and he says
you let me run I don't get a time though
or like a bib where you put the number
on but whatever I get to run it's
official
a little concerned about the temperature
though it's freezing everyone has on
sweatpants and tights and this is what I
brought to run in
ready starts in ten minutes okay race
starts in like four minutes you know
what it is I mean I run every day and
I've run 50 races before that
butterflies right now I think what it is
like I'm getting old I'm 35 now and I
can tell myself that I'm in great shape
and I feel young and all that but when
you actually show up to something like
this and there's a clock and a time it's
like an actual test of how well I'm
maintained its confronting that that I
think makes me a little nervous
wish me luck
see you ten miles
super super happy with my performance in
my first race out in three years you
know the timing tip right I'm too here
on my on my phone I came at 103 which
puts me here can you see this so I ran a
little further at 10.2 miles a six
minute 14 second pace I think it puts me
around 20th place out of maybe like a
thousand runners felt good though as you
get older the price of maintaining your
youth goes up and up and up and what
that means is when you're like 15 16 18
years old you know wherever the hell you
want you don't have to exercise you're
skinny
it's easy in your 20s it gets a little
harder you get fat in college you become
even older and all it gets harder and
harder the older you are the harder you
have to work there was this guy in front
of me during the race and gray hair gray
mustache he was ahead of me the whole
race we started together but he was
ahead of me the whole race and I was
chasing him down as best I could and I
finally caught up to him at Mile 9 one
mile left and I pulled up next to him
and he turns mean he goes 60 I'm 60
years old at 60 he's as fast as I am at
35 busting my ass he's as fast as I am
if there's one truth that I know is that
the source of the Fountain of Youth can
be summed up with one word work
by the way the main reason why I brought
my kid brother today I mean I like
hanging out with the kid but the main
reason why I brought him was so he could
film me while I ran he missed the shot
of me crossing the finish line because
he was in the car getting warm thanks
Tina
