question
I wear a helmet now
I think I completely pride my boosted
board today's Friday the 13th
lucky Friday the 13th
Friday the 13th about 29,000 buddy does
some sort of Nintendo switch that a
gaming console launch event this morning
sounds kind of interesting real reason
I'm going to reasons free snacks and
some of my YouTube friends are gonna be
there real reason why I came here it's
not that I'm not excited about the
Nintendo stuff I'm really excited
how's it going there super good I came
film Shaun and we're really excited for
the Nintendo switch we're not allowed
are you mean no I'm literally excited
for this okay yeah just to be clear this
is not like a branded I wasn't paid not
allowed to feel like
I've never been to one of these like
media product launch events like this
before
I really came here because I want to
like play video games and I really just
wanna hang out with Sean Duras hey what
are you doing in this app hey Sean just
one of the demos up for play this is her
arms alright we're up next
we want to play
and they're so excited I haven't played
this game yes I'm really excited we want
to play this game yes what do I need to
know
so we're really clear one tom up like
this
so it just happened right buddy sorry
dude
takes this stuff so seriously what do
you think in the game it was better way
they got a lot better when I beat Sean
is that a tiny cinnamon bun there a
little yeah cinnamon roll balls there's
also a lunch coming but the snack
situation here is very impressive they
have a good selection of nuts healthy
treats as well as tiny fried cinnamon
bun balls all right this is what the
hardware it looks like it's like the
size of like a iPad Mini it's like a DVD
case yeah it's exactly a side the baby
feels pretty good like sturdy this is
the controller bit are you separating
this is touchscreen
never there tabs okay ready ready watch
controller screen
in that's pretty good drawler screen
this one looks like fully assembled I
think it's the perfect size personally
this is the loading dock this goes like
this
and then and then what was on the screen
there now is on the big screen I don't
know if this is final hardware not
practice it keeps to work pretty well
what is love baby don't
I just skied how's it going I'm good are
you blogging well making a video it's
exciting look here's mine
Wow look how professional yours so I
think that's it for my Nintendo switch
that might literally be the worst tech
review video I have ever seen in my
entire life
let me try to uh let me try to like
append something intelligent at the end
of that - maybe redeem it a little bit I
have a ps4 and a bunch of really good
like first-person shooters I had an Xbox
I like them both I like them all but I
will say especially if you're seeing
that thing that Nintendo kind of stands
alone in that they're gaming systems are
purely about the fun of the game like
not once today did I hear anything about
resolution or frame rate or how powerful
the CPU is on those things there's
purely about the fun and like the
camaraderie and playing with friends the
social aspect of you know like break
that thing in part and give your friend
a controller and you can play together
whether you're like at home or somewhere
uh it was about interacting with other
human beings and I think so much of
gaming is about like sitting alone in a
dark room staring at a screen and the
whole sort of ethos of Nintendo since I
was a little kid has been about like
playing with friends and having fun okay
so that's it for today's perfectly
mediocre technology review more coming
soon thanks for joining
