the hell is wrong with people that's a
line that's a line to you your picture
taken was the Bulls bull Billy today
to dress up fancy
I dropped the baby off at school this
morning oh my god there's nothing sadder
than seeing she walks as I pulled her
hand you like oh she walks with a little
baby self into the classroom opens the
door and then peeks around the corner
and says bye daddy as the door closes
and that's it she's in school for a
parent is so sad boosts it for has
returned to chat break these things
semi-regularly when I break them out
they're shipped them back to California
to get them repaired and that a couple
under repair for a while
yesterday is one of the greatest days of
the year in New York City yesterday was
the New York City Marathon see that see
that those are my medals from two of the
New York City marathons I've run I think
I've run six all together it's 5:30 in
the morning today it's a marathon day
almost go time
packed in here pretty thick with people
for some serious body odor situations
and some slight Ebola fears nice
sunglasses dude just finished strong 303
doing a quick interview with ESPN but
yesterday I didn't run I didn't run for
a lot of reasons but mainly because what
I'm bummed out about it long story long
I want to share with you that I am dead
focused on getting back to marathoning
marathon running marathoning marathons
I've run 23 or 22 or 24 marathons in my
life I've never broken my target time of
three hours and right now for the first
time in a long time I am dead set laser
focused on getting back to that
remember Roy my friend that was Roy's
nephew's Bar Mitzvah and those are all
his like middle school friends and
they're like right by our house so they
asked me to go say hi it's not nighttime
but it is dark out this is my least
favorite part of fall but check out this
orange sky
that that's what color it is in real
life so I thought I would take that
bright word sky has an opportunity to
reintroduce an old friend to the blog
you guys remember my friend my friend
Matic C I really really missed this
drone and I can tell you this is the
greatest drone ever made and I stand by
that now more than ever all right so
this is the maiden voyage of the Mavic 2
and the purpose of this flight I guess
this is sort of a low-light test but
really I'm just anxious to get this
thing in the air and I missed it
little guy
not any idea of what that footage looks
like I'm very quickly reminded why I
love this thing so much it really is
like drones are all about the software
not the hardware not the device but how
you control it and the software in this
thing is incredible it is easier to fly
and inspires confidence in a way that no
other drone that I've ever flown does it
does what you want it to do
all right I gotta get home now very
exciting and this and I have a date
tonight Candace if I don't wear a suit
what do I wear if I don't wear a suit
what do I wear
why don't you want me to wear a suit my
necklace
no yes no you lost yours you can have a
silver one this is Laurent it it's not
the right cage that's lightweight I want
this thick one it's exactly the same no
I had a thick one before no you did yes
I did
Oscar that's so um I'm wearing a suit
don't know why she doesn't like me
wearing suits I think I just want me to
be the one who's better trusted
invitation to a cocktail reception
celebrating the newest addition to Nobu
the evening will take place from 6:30 to
9 p.m. at Nobu New York does that sound
exciting
which party you're most excited about
the food what are you doing you don't
even have any apps open you're trying to
free just staring at a blank phone as a
dentist end of New York City and a
participant in New York City's social
scene occasionally get invited to events
like this where you get free drinks and
a free dinner and when I was younger is
like free socializing but we don't
socialize anymore
how can we didn't go to Miami why I mean
it's great down there and but why she's
me miss pool this pool up can I get a
photo I get a photo can I see the other
side from behind okay and who are you
wearing tonight is that my sweater so
far so good the food has been primo how
are the drinks
robert de niro out there it's a very
special game
is this a pain in the ass to make thank
you sir
and we don't want to make any
pretensions any more than what it is
that we want to do those are probably
good in all fairness even him but we're
trying to do something very special and
welcome everybody we are very excited
a wonderful event great dinner thank you
for having us really enjoy it was really
enjoyable we're terrible at dating it's
7:40 and we're rushing home to try to
see Francine before she falls asleep
there's a taxi
