alright enough with the whistling top be
happy hello about four miles out that's
Santa Monica behind me Malibu that way
ten point two miles at a 712 pace I love
running in California hey gotta get out
of this hotel room right now
I have a special guest to the blog today
my sister Jordan I'm meeting her for
lunch and you know I don't get to see my
sister that often so I'm pretty excited
about this
this morning I just need to get my car I
don't remember what kind of car it is
but it's either the Rolls Royce of the
test no hi that's it that's it all right
I'm on my way to visit my big sister
10-14 Wilshire and here's the thing
about my sister she's the nicest human
being on planet Earth but she gets super
super upset if you make her wait which
is totally fair you should never make
someone wait but on 6 minutes late
just get up find the girl
sorry when Joey's just finished lunch
this is my sister you might remember
from other vlogs
my sister works for some company that
sells something for athletes do you want
to pitch it to my vlog yours hotshot is
for muscle cramps you guys should try it
it's great Casey loves it because it's
spicy that is not that's an unpaid
unpaid endorsement for my sister Jordan
all right this is the famous Venice
Beach you might recognize it from Grand
Theft Auto I'm here in California for
work I have a shoot later today but it's
a shoot where I'm like an actor I'm like
a character I'm like in it I'm not
shooting and I'm not directing it I'm
just in it and I can't talk about what
it is but it's something fun and awesome
and cool that you'll see soon enough but
I've got a little bit of time to kill
and I thought this would be a good time
to finally test out the GoPro karma
drone
I didn't bring my mavet because I drop
it in the river but I have my phantom 4
so I'm gonna test them head-to-head all
right here we go ahh surprised to see
you here what are you doing in Venice
man I was just something told me to be
here today I got the Phantom 4 and I got
the Karma
Karma's a virgin it's never been flown
before I want to do the same exact shot
with the Phantom 4 and then the same
exact shot with the Karma are we gonna
race by the way the drone Ferg's you've
seen already in today's vlog was on the
DJI not on the Karma
this fandom that flown a thousand times
and completely fluent with it the GoPro
I've only flown once and it was under
the supervision of GoPro first time I'm
ever putting a first time I'm ever
putting drone blades on the Karma so it
has a black part on the top and a silver
part guys karma is the same process as
on the DJI so far I'm gonna fly the DJI
first because I just know how to do it
and there's less question marks
we've never flown a DJI before the
controller is pretty good it works
really well do you know what like the
rules are we allowed to fly drones down
here I've no idea probably nothing
okay so here you be cameraman man
the shot I'm gonna do is straight out
the beach over the rocks over the
surfers and back landing the phantom
took some practice I'm very very good at
it
like a box without having really flown
it this controller is incredible look at
that no phone your nothing big fat
screen but if it doesn't work as well it
doesn't matter but it is nice feel that
pretty slow to boot up shoot cuz I
haven't done this before I'm about to
set it up here we go
ready to start Wow okay
incredible stop that was very fast and
efficient nice work GoPro here we go
moment of truth here ready for takeoff
throw let's do this
take off was a breeze nice work GoPro
all right now I'm gonna turn shoot you
know what I didn't that recording I
wasn't recording scene you okay take two
I'm actually rolling this time this is
gonna be my first landing ever with a
GoPro Karma
Oh big violence not bad okay that was
not using an automatic land feature that
was just me crash landing up enough oh
wait look we're missing a blade that's
enough good how did this get over here
it's hard this is not a conclusive
review but so far very impressed here's
what the footage looks like
purely from an image quality perspective
I do think that GoPro is a better
picture than the Phantom for the DJI
flies better it's easier to control the
software is better but but in the
head-to-head just on image quality I
give it to go pro all around though I do
think that the Phantom 4 is too superior
for so I haven't seen Jerome here in a
long time and I convinced him to come
with me but we had the complete opposite
direction of his house and now I have to
drop him off somewhere so you can get an
uber I could thug you don't help any
more on this side I can't drive home
Robin and this my huge so I'm literally
just having to kick him out like I'm
sorry I feel like a terrible friend
right now from drama just leave you here
with that thank you thank you for that
name you know good to see you soon yes
keep your hands off that girl Jerome you
don't know her won't you up together all
right good luck at home I hope you don't
get kidnapped by Jerome
okay look at this place it looks like
I'm in the city right this is not a city
this is a god this is a Hollywood
backlot none of these buildings are real
like looking this looks like like that
no what would you call this this is like
the school right right here not a school
there's nothing in here at all
lost my skateboard this isn't a bank
right here and that's not a country
store back there and that's not a liquor
store and that's not a restaurant so
this do you hear that my camera focus is
off this is the back lot where the shoot
that I'm here for was shot
very cool production though I've never
had such free reign of a backlog I
brought my skateboard not as cool as
you'd think but look looks like concrete
listen hollow nothing's real
whiskey in the liquor store not a liquor
store at all to be a great place to have
a party or film a skateboard video or I
really was not planning on staying in
Los Angeles tonight you see I was going
to fly out tonight I didn't book a
flight in there when I went to book a
flight it was like so I'm in LA for one
more day one more night one more day I'm
gonna book my flight out right now check
out who I found in Los Angeles it's
Oscar
hey hey all right have fun good lucky
your sushi dinner Thanks okay and call
but they don't know you they know us
they know me too
