sorry squirt
we're at the wrong Airport weekends in
the city are always like family time I
sneak when I can't to workout run time
to the office pretending to have
important stuff to do and mostly just
shoot a video now since today is not a
regular day not to be making sort of a
regular vlog entry because Candis and I
are supposed to be out of town tonight I
offered my apartment our apartment to a
friend of mine now we're not gonna be
out of town so we're gonna be at the
apartment with my friend who's staying
there winner I thought I'd share a story
about my friend he was the guy who did
that ridiculous gainer off that cliff in
the devil's punchbowl
here's how I met Clint I was there with
a friend of mine named Graham grandma I
had been skiing out there something you
were at a bar we'd been drinking and we
hatched this harebrained scheme and
schemed to like travel to Africa and
climb Mount Kilimanjaro it was just one
of those things that you talk about if
you've been drinking a lot it seems like
a great idea Clint so we're going to
Tanzania to climb the tallest
freestanding mountain in the world
big Kilimanjaro so was my big brother
van Graham Clint and me traveling to
Africa to find the tallest freestanding
mountain on planet earth 5:30 in the
morning as our first night in Africa and
it just poured torrential rain all night
last night
and I've done some things in my life
well a lot of things we'll most things
including yesterday we missed our flight
from the airport I've done a lot of
things with zero preparation that I
probably shouldn't have been doing but
this one this tops them all
so our first day here we decided to
start the climb immediately so we're
headed to the mountain now pretty
exciting stuff pretty cool there's a
meat market across the street that has
the most pungent odor I've ever smelled
this is years and years you have no idea
how it works now but typically when
Westerners Gringo's travels to Tanzania
to climb this mountain there's a lot of
planning and preparation you hire
mountain guides like we did none of that
we just showed up and started asking
people in Tanzania how do we climb Mount
Kilimanjaro
eventually we met these dudes they
seemed nice we paid them in dead
presidents stacks of $100 bills one of
the more jarring aspects of this climb
was we went with the dudes who are gonna
like carry our food up the mountain like
the porters and they showed us where
they were buying the meat now what so
terrifying about this is like we're
gonna spend ten days on a mountain
there's no refrigerators and this was
the meat that they were buying to feed
us picking up the meat then we're gonna
eat on our hike to the top of the
mountain here it is now
the gods did were I think reputable but
yeah it was their idea to bring the
booze if ever you are fortunate you were
lucky enough to ever have the experience
or the opportunity to go I highly
recommend it like of all the things I've
done in my life and I'm very lucky to
have done a lot this is one of the most
magical where we know yeah so we're
halfway there in three hours
our first night is as if you're
experiencing every climate on planet
Earth inside of like a five day climb
first night went really well we're
packing up now it's 650 in the morning
morning boys this this is what our first
camp looked like that is not Kilimanjaro
my thumb is blocking the Sun day two is
Graham's birthday six we didn't have a
birthday cake but we did have a candy
bar now I am extremely proud of the fact
that when I climbed aconcagua that is
the second tallest mountain of the seven
summit the tallest mountain in the
southern hemisphere a mountain that was
in 6,000 feet taller than Kilimanjaro I
did it with no porters no guides I
carried my own stuff but when you go up
Kilimanjaro you are required to hire
these dudes to carry your stuff porters
are carrying up all their gear but just
the sheer amount of their hearing but
seriously these dudes were so cool
on earth but we are way above the clouds
now as we got higher in altitude as it
got colder I got sicker and sicker I
this is cancer third day freezing out
here it could've been because I was
someone healthy back then or I have no
idea but I got so sick climbing this
mountain tomorrow morning we go from
there to there now I'm a pretty tough
guy and then I eat shrug off all the
altitude sickness and the cold and
whatever the hell else was wrong with me
but we had to wake up at 4 a.m. the day
we're doing this summit push and when I
woke up that morning I just some caution
I don't look good in this next shot it's
uh his last day I climb into the summit
in the morning it's about 20 below
freezing feeling strong but me I made it
it was things incredible like we're on
top of the world there was a glaze it
was extraordinary pretty amazing and
this whole story this experience like we
we turn this in one of the episodes for
HBO show there's an amazing experience
like the last big adventure I went on my
brother van
it was this adventure was that trip that
climb that Clin and I went from being
like to do to met in a bar in Colorado
to being like brothers forever we spent
the rest of that time in Africa we were
there for a couple more weeks just like
bopping around hands Ania
Avada yes boy
we're going to fly there was this time
we met this due to drop us off in a tiny
little Cessna airplane in the middle of
nowhere and we had to get a ride back on
a tractor which took six hours
this is what it's like to get buzzed by
an airplane
there were some great adventures I've
said this before I've said this on the
vlog before but when I was a little kid
my mom said to me spend your money on
things not trips cuz things last forever
and experiences don't and mom I could
not disagree with you more when I looked
at at the adventures I've taken in the
past I realized that they shaped me as a
human being
it was adventures like that spending
time with friends like Clint that made
me who I am but I look back at this like
I don't know what things I had in my
life then they're gone now but that
adventure that experience will be with
me forever it's the things in life that
are temporary the experiences are
forever you had it backwards
