normally I run on the west side inside
this point just mixing things up
normally if New Jersey behind me that
there that's Brooklyn
well I could that's queen but that's
Brooklyn okay that was 11 miles at a 751
pace Candice is in the shower behind me
today is Candace's birthday I have like
a really special afternoon planned for
her that's a total surprise
but this morning is just like her and me
getting coffee I had forgot balloon in
the little cake for her this morning so
she thinks that's her whole birthday
present the real presence this afternoon
we're at Starbucks now she had an almond
latte
I let her pay for it even though it's
her birth how's your birthday going so
far great
really happy birthday I have a good
birthday see you tonight I have fun at
work
by
little does Candice know what surprises
are ahead now I'm just gonna race to the
studio cuz I gotta dump this backpack
get my boosted board charger and then
I'm gonna go hide by our office I just
want to see her reaction when she sees
the post accord dead moose is mournful
alright I think I see it I mean there's
no way this is not it
this is ridiculous
this is the man to talk to hey good
you're driving the ladies today yeah
there's only three girls okay so this is
should be enough space for ya I'm gonna
tell you about them they're really nice
girls you're gonna have fun with them
okay cool
can you talk to you about like taking
your shirt off and doing the whole all
the dancing and stuff on the peak inside
all right
so that's the door he's gonna load them
in on right this is absolutely absurd
all right all right let's good luck nice
to meet you do it I'm such so absurd
that's so fun
I'm gonna go hide and try to film
Candace Lee I just like want to get a
shot of them getting into that limousine
I'm gonna try to be somewhere where they
won't see me okay all right this is the
spot that's there's the pink limo there
that's her office I'm gonna hide behind
this FDNY truck here try to film from
here I'm using the cameras pop-out
screen there to film this way I'm not
visible only the camera is
no sign of them yet
they're getting in the limo they don't
see me
you can't hear what she's saying if
there's a lot of screaming all right
think they're gonna leave soon
I got a hide better so they don't see me
it's more special for her if I'm not
here
put on your birthday surprise Candace so
now they're just like going to a spa and
they get like a massage and their nails
done and I got pizza in there for them
and champagne and that's kind of it
that's the whole surprise but she seems
so excited
there is nothing nothing like a
well-executed surprise one dime for my
brother vans birthday we had the
surprise party at a barbecue restaurant
that was incredible
and then for Candace it's tricky cuz she
doesn't really like surprises so it has
to be like basically you have to give
her exactly what she wants before she
asks for it which is by definition a
surprise but there's some nuance there
storytime I haven't done storytime in a
while and since this morning was all
about Candis and today is her birthday I
thought I'd share Canada's story the
most common question about Candis is why
isn't she's smiling the thing that I
find most attractive about her is she
truly doesn't give two shits what
anybody thinks and to all of the ladies
that to all the people out there you
smile when you want to smile don't you
ever smile because somebody else tells
you to alright so this story is going
all the way back to 2008 that is eight
years ago this is what we were sort of
dating on and off this is when I was a
much crazier much more reckless Casey
and Candice was just 100% maniacs now
this is the first time that I was like
reconnecting with my old friends from
Connecticut who I knew before I became a
filmmaker and I wanted to make a
positive impression on them so I invited
Candace to this wedding she left an
impression I don't know how it's going
with those girls but I'm following their
Instagram stories this is Candace's
Instagram
well at least I know the girls that work
with her have a good time
hanging out with my friends from
Connecticut it's just like it was a
great time it was like almost like a
reunion of sorts canvas kept getting in
trouble
we got thrown out of one party cuz she
find on the stage
now with this fancy hotel room that
Candice got us we also had access to
their car my snowboards riding shotgun
what's the verdict and naturally we took
that to a guns well water on guns in
their hands you can hear it it's so loud
everything's being shut down yeah you
wanna stop
you know when I watch old footage like
that it really the Candace that I know
now and the girl that you see the woman
that you see in these vlogs like she's
my wife she's a mom she's a business
owner she has employees she's starting a
new company but back then she was just
this maniac
it was a great trip we're gonna cap
during the airport we're leaving Vegas
now anyway honey I'm glad to know ya and
I hope you had a great birthday
