I would love to go out with you tonight
like maybe get dinner some barbecue or
something healthier get full bowtie it
is a beautiful summer day here in late
October today is a short run and then
later this morning this morning to go
work out with a friend of mine I don't
know what that means but he's like a
pretty serious guy eight miles at a 737
pace not bad not bad for a maintenance
run
the owner of juice press guy named
Marcus awesome guy he's a little bit of
an animal like he used to be you're
still as a professional kickboxer Plager
he's been inviting me to go work out
with him for a while today's the day I'm
taking him up on that offer I hate to go
all Leonardo on you but I look after at
least mention the global warming crisis
is late October here in New York City
and it's about 85 degrees out today it's
lovely it's also terrifying
yeah I'm doing the real thing here your
your christening our healing space this
would be the first thing you can you can
come get a smoothie and worked out it's
a very special space we want to use the
space for only those who really need it
or those people like yourself that can
actually I'm not saying we really really
need it what are you saying about me
Marcus I mean I know I've put on like a
little bit of weight I don't mean it
like that I mean so the idea is there's
no commercial enterprise here so the two
type of people that I want to use the
space for people that are sick or
someone like yourself you're you're a
universal conduit for connecting people
in the world that you understand how how
much 20 I think I do understand so and
you can count on me I probably probably
need the 8 mile run this morning this is
seems adequate
we just finished it finished with the
race around the block which I think
neither of us needed it's like we were
good before that race you should have
beat me by a lot more I'm like 20,000
years older than you and you're almost
laughs you Marcus you did but you should
have like nine lap me I'm like a hundred
there was some mention of a free
smoothie involved you gotta lie on the
floor do this okay
thank you for the ice pick thing thank
you very much you did excellent
appreciate it I'll see you soon I hope
bye guys I appreciate it good thanks to
the smoothie thanks for the workout Sam
I guess
that was that was awesome this morning I
need more of that in my life
that woman Emily that trained us she was
or is a professional Thai boxer and I
used to train at the gym that she
teaches that so back when I was fighting
used to fight a lot with her she's
amazing to go from something that's like
really physical and macho and that's not
that macho to something super nerdy I
don't know that you care about this but
this is like a huge part of like the
really interesting aspect so heavy of
what I do which is like how to deal with
everything that I shoot all day every
day this super SuperDuper fancy set up
over my shoulder here mostly all this
does is play The Godfather 1 The
Godfather 2 on a perpetual loop but I
also use this to like catalogue all of
the stuff that I shoot to make these
videos not when you shoot a video every
single day you accumulate so much
footage and when I shoot in HD like this
in 1080 it's like 20 to 60 gigabytes a
day when I shoot in 4k which I seldom do
that's like 300 gigabytes a day this
white drive here is 24 terabytes
completely full this drive here 20
terabytes completely cool this drive
here 20 terabytes completely full what
am i excited about today this thing here
this is a 64 - there's a thousand
gigabytes in a terabyte so this is this
is 64 thousand gigabytes now one thing
that I am particularly proud of is how
meticulous the organization of all of my
footage is the reason why in these vlogs
I can like always cut back to old scenes
no matter how many years ago it might be
is because everything is organized to a
tee on these drives people always ask me
how I do that it's not that complicated
it's also not that interesting I just
have a system if you make videos you
know what to do all the footage you need
a system
before I draw up my system.out I just
want to share with you a friend of mine
great guy
huge vlogger daily vlogger and he
deletes all of his footage the minute he
clicks upload alright so here's my
system it sort of looks like this ready
I got my Drive so the drive is right
here and then in the drive I've got my
footage folder after the footage
everything's organized by year you pick
your year say you want to dive into 2015
you got your months here then you take
your month so you want to jump into
March and then you've got your days days
are right here
ah here's where it gets sort of
interesting click on March 3rd and March
3rd each camera that you captured on for
that specific day then when you click on
that camera all the files are just
dumped in there in chronological order
and that's sort of it it's super super
basic I even was like very insecure
about making this video because even
though I get asked about it on a weekly
basis that seems so boring and obvious
to me that I don't know why you would
think this is interesting if you didn't
think this was interesting I'm sorry
hi Marla what's good anything I need to
know no really
all right well you what you need to know
nothing I don't know anything I think
I'm good to see you take care of
and uptown right now I'm meeting Candace
on 20th Street tomorrow is Candace's
birthday she asked me to help her find a
couch or something like that it's her
birthday so I have to you know go hang
out not that I don't like hanging out my
wife honey I don't like to furniture
shop but I came to hang out with you
because I wanted to see you where would
that go you like everything that's it
we're leaving that right right we failed
we failed miserably no couch no what
else do we need
do you want to get a babysitter tonight
and throw out for your birthday we're
headed home now we're in uber because my
skateboard is dead and I can't really
ride too I'm like 75% convinced Candace
that me to go out tonight for her
birthday tomorrow
only if you have a presence on me
tonight what present tomorrow's your
birthday the Easter buzzing he doesn't
have a closet come till tomorrow we're
on a birthday day so far we've looked at
the sunset and kind of it where are we
gonna go we found a restaurant you just
sat down
and this wants to get the one of those
big things that has like all the
shellfish and oysters on it you're sure
you don't want me to run back to where
we were before
small problem minor crisis his boss
whatever earring hook earring
no earring prices I'm gonna go back okay
look okay here's the thing if I find
this I'm a hero but there's no chance
I'm gonna find this if the size of like
a teardrop and we were walking all
around the city
have not found it yet but I was
searching on the ground near this dude
and he kind of freaked out on me
we're just understandable I was
searching under his feet with a
flashlight what do you want now honey a
cake it's your birthday great date last
night
