three six eight is coming at you from
Los Angeles California today I always
stay on the beach or at the beach or
near as close as possible to the beach
when I'm in California because it's
California and there's there's a beach
here now this trip I'm out here super
quick trip I'm out here to do a shoot
this morning my call time is in three
minutes and it's for Kevin Hartz YouTube
original show called
what the fit I watch the show pretty
great show it's Kevin who's like a crazy
fitness guy and then he tastes like a
friend of his somebody who knows and
they do some sort of fitness activity
together so that's that's this morning I
think that's the production there
well I pay you
okay thank you okay thank you
which is my trailer thank you
this is what a Hollywood movie trailer
looks like this is my trailer and
there's one important thing you should
know about snacks think about these big
shoots versus like youtubing there are
so many moving parts here there's always
like somebody is nice to make sure you
don't screw up look at all these snacks
yeah
good because the day's about to begin
Kevin's taking a picture with the
opposed to the fire chief here and then
we go oh yeah it's like the vlog yes the
vlog before you sir I need to know
before we get started what do you need
to know you need to know a first and
foremost have a good time be have a good
time okay see last but not least be
yourself and have a good time the word
on the street you just got like ten
million ten million subscribers that
sort of person got to teach me to teach
the UT excuse me to youtube link leave
this camera in here get this
straight
and that's a wrap
it was great a great day I had a lot of
fun it's always interesting being on
sets that big because there's like so
many people and so many good snacks and
so many cameras and cameramen and it's
the exact opposite of a production of a
vlog where it's just like me one camera
I'll edit it tonight and post it
tomorrow so Kevin Hart
it was amazing working with you amazing
getting to know you a little bit I
appreciate you and now a very special
tech review Tuesday this tech review
Tuesday is more about service than a
product you can rent these little
scooters it's kind of like uber for
scooters you like get the app you push
the button and then you just find one of
these things and jump on love it here
come here here's exactly how these
scooter services work
first you download the app and it's just
like the uber app or anything else yeah
putting your credit card number and some
other oh they have you scan the front
and back of your driver's license which
I don't know kind of creeped me out but
I guess I understand why it's necessary
then once you jump through all those
hoops you open the app and there's like
a little QR scanner and you have to scan
right here how do you stand it the
scooter like beeps or whatever you get
on and then you have an electric scooter
for as long as you want
- scooter companies here ones called
bird and ones called line this one's a
line scooter what's the difference
between a lines for the one it's faster
straight up faster birds or slowest like
birds are pretty much is like the bird I
just mean my dad just gone on it's
pretty cool though I'd say yeah it says
your line s electric scooters require
one dollar to a lock and they charge you
by the minute as you ride rates and
promotions may vary across different
rates so that doesn't tell me how much
of all right so I don't know exactly how
much these things cost I couldn't find
that information online but what I read
is it's like about five bucks every half
an hour it just depends so they charge
you by the minute and the rates are
fluctuating five bucks you know what do
you think I'm in awesome really good
they're everywhere you use them often in
like fourth time using em I use them in
San Diego like yesterday are you
drifting your scooter
it's not really a nice garage to boot
the board all right so my my final
thoughts on the scooter situation this
is for both the lime scooters and the
bird scooters I'm of two schools of
thought here one is that for somebody
who needs transport to get around
they're amazing you just jump on you go
they get you there but for everyone else
who's not using the scooters they kind
of make the city a like a messier place
to be they're not pleasant the whole
idea seems very half-baked it's a
half-baked because yes great way to get
people around it's part absolute chaos
because like the aspect of where you
keep these things and how to not get
them in everyone's way and just myriad
other sort of logistical parts feels
totally like no consideration but
ultimately I think they're good because
I use them and I I think there are very
interesting glimpse into a future where
like it's not required where there's
like a shared transport that doesn't
require a car or a bus and it's awesome
it's awesome hey max what do you think
of the like bird scooters and the lime
scooters scooters in general I think
there are menace to society and they
need to be stopped at all Carly no I
mean I get what's cool about them but
like as someone who lives around here
there's so many times we're like I'm
just walking out of a store or like my
dog is running out of a store and a
scooter like almost runs him over or me
and like they're just tourists who have
no idea what the hell they're doing here
and they're like they're veering off the
path they're going the wrong way down
the bike path I mean it's just it's it's
a mess it's a mess it's dangerous
someone's gonna lose an eye and it's all
gonna be over
all right so we spent the last 30 or 40
minutes I don't know if I should have
been doing this or I'm gonna get in
trouble for doing this but I was sharing
with max the rough cuts of the Shawn
Mendes documentary so he gave me some
meaningful feedback because it's still a
work in progress
all right broadly what are your thoughts
I think that this is the best video I've
ever seen case you made are you saying
let me say that a different way okay
okay this is are you both know I think
that this is really fantastic this is
really great I almost like it more than
the adventure and the surprise in South
Africa that's one of my greatest that
that one that one gets me but this this
is real solid man I can't reach it job
it's not me it's it's Zach and Brett and
me it's the teamwork but thanks for the
feet I got to go I got to go back to New
York now by Maxie
