that's just a movie shoot no one's
actually getting robbed but it sounded
real baby's asleep
Kansas is asleep today on the show we
have a very very special guest my older
son Owen is home from college for the
first time ever and he's only here for
like a day which is sad but it's amazing
to have him home
canvas bought these for Francine they're
just all over our house all the time oh
okay
I thought you were coming here first
thing this morning
all right well text me when text me when
you're texting when you're on your way
or whatever did you just wake up all
right go back to that if he needed to
I'll see you soon
I was I was mistaken he's coming this
afternoon not this morning kind of a
special presentation today
ah well sort of today's entire up so
it's just gonna be a Q&A session if that
sounds interesting to you keep watching
if that sounds boring see you tomorrow
now I'm doing a Q&A for two reasons
number one I neglected to shoot a vlog
today my kids in town he's in the room
next story he's home from college for
one day and I didn't want to like camera
the whole thing and number two I used to
B's all the time I kinda miss him
remember the Q&A intro from Season one
people tweet me questions I answer here
Oh
first question very appropriate from Ali
what do I like about q and A's well the
reason why I left working in television
and the reason why I like I don't make
feature films anymore
this poster right here is from the last
feature film I produced is because
there's not enough interaction with the
people that are actually viewing the
content that you make and YouTube the
beauty of YouTube is that you make
something and there's like this
reciprocation this immediate sort of
feedback from the audience and I think q
and A's are the most literal version of
that where you literally ask me
questions and I answer them
directly here on camera actually wants
to know is Francine acting better no
she's too terrible twos she's getting
worse Emily says what's your Instagram
tattoo what are you talking about Emily
I don't have an Instagram what is an
Instagram tag
No ah my dear friend Shannon what's the
one thing you want to accomplish before
2016 ends I want to sort of understand
where this whole vlog things going cuz
this can't last forever
and I don't know what the finish line
might look like I'd love to figure that
out in the next
three months KU's favorite part about
vlogging daily well the favor well no it
forces me to create something when there
is a finish line every single day when
there's like a big red buzzer you have
to hit that's the upload button
a big red buzzer you have to hit every
day it forces you to act it forces you
to do things it forces you to create and
I think without like that sort of fire
under my I would do what I used to do
what I think most people do which is
like take it easier convinced myself
today's a great day to relax and I Drive
a key thing is DJI getting you a new
drone I don't think so you know DJ I was
super generous and they gave me they
gifted me that Mavic drone which like I
carelessly lost so no I'm gonna get in
line and wait like everybody else
viviana what's your biggest pet peeve I
have two people two of their mouths open
and loud talkers
why do you rough handle everything stop
why do I rough Oh like why am I so tough
on my gear kind of an own lens caps I'm
sort of rough on all of the things I
have a stack of broken cell phones over
there
I break cameras it's because these
things are just tools they're tools that
help me create and the minute I have to
baby them as the minute they get in the
way and they inhibit my ability to
create that is a very luxurious position
to be able to take there was a point in
time in my life in my career when I was
dead broke I had one camera that was my
life and I kept nothing in a padded case
that was like I babied it I used to
literally have a cloth I wiped down the
lenses with every day but like look I'm
an adult now I'm 35 I like make a good
living doing this and I would much
rather get the shot and break the camera
then not get the shot at all so I know
people get pissed off I know what it
feels like to not be able to afford
things like this fancy lens and then see
someone like me like beat the shit out
of it and be like that guy's an asshole
but the truth is like I own one car if I
wrecked that car I'd be really upset but
NASCAR drivers crash theirs into walls
every single day
oh and then
Nick wants to know I ever thought about
teaching classes on filmmaking yes Nick
that is like an eventualities
I would love to someday teach but time
is fungible so if I devote time to
teaching now means I have to take it
away from creating over here and right
now the thing that drives me more than
anything is the act of creation so
teaching yes but not yet oh and you
wanna answer some questions let me see
if I got any for you there was what I
saw I said oh here yo I'm Jin George how
was Owen doing at school Wow
he's doing well any details what's that
manga when Owen comes to New York City
he goes to juice press with my juice
pressed gift card and just goes anything
else you'd like to share with the rest
of the zone no have you ever lost or had
film equipment stolen while abroad yes
one time Owen and I were in France and
we're at the beach swimming and I like
Barry it was stupid I buried my backpack
in the sand just we could jump in the
water and when I came out the backpack
was gone do you remember that one yeah
that sucked
yeah like why don't you leave your stuff
at the hotel and you're like no I'll
bury it if you've never seen anything
move ease with owning me before you he's
the responsible one I'm not how do you
deal with Fame you know Thames like a
weird thing Internet Thames a
particularly weird thing because you
guys know me so when you see me on the
street you're like yo Casey what's up
which is awesome but I don't know you so
it's a little weird if I were to run
into Matt Damon in the street I would
like be like yo I love Bourne Identity
but I I don't know him so internet fame
is like a very very strange thing 95 99
percent of the time it's amazing it just
is this great catalyst this great
opportunity to meet people wherever I go
that 5% or 2% over over that sucks is
like when I'm trying to go home and
people are outside my office demanding
pictures and then where I'm like I have
to go home to see my baby daughter I'm
really saw
they're like urine a Santa wants to know
where do you see yourself in five years
you know I don't know I think that like
this what I do this like industry it's
changes so quickly the technology the
the consumption that the distribution
the communicate everything is changing
so quickly that if I even guess where
I'd be career-wise in five years I'd be
wrong personally in five years he'll
graduate college I hope I'm healthy
Francine will be seven I just hope that
I'm still happy and healthy
do you have it 100% of your vlogs yes I
do I don't add it all my movie some of
my best movies like make it count
my best friend max edited but my vlogs
are me they're my personality they're
who I am and I don't really entrust that
to anyone else Jeff wants to know if you
weren't doing videos or films what
career would you have tried to pursue
astronaut or professional athlete I've
know I've answered that question before
why the hell are you driving and filming
at the same time what driving okay a
question from someone I admire greatly
by the name of Michael Deering Michael
wants to know can you recall a day
during high school that's particularly
meaningful to you what happened in
detail Michael of course you're gonna
dig deep here gonna zoom in for this one
okay this Michael this is one of my last
one of my last days in high school I
dropped out of high school in the tenth
grade I never graduated I remember this
was like just as my parents were getting
a divorce things were really really bad
at home and I was in English class my
English teacher was mr. Gabor T now dr.
Gabor T I always respected him I liked
him he's one of the few teachers that I
really liked and I don't know what I was
doing but I was just being bad I got was
causing trouble or something like that
and I think he asked me to calm down
several times I never did he pulled me
into the hallway and just sort of like
like I stood against the wall I remember
vividly I stood against the lockers and
he like looked me in the eyes and he was
like what's going on what's the matter
and he was treating me like an adult I
was a big deal for like a 15 year old
cup but he was like what's going on and
I sort of like broke eye contact and
shook my head like a teenager would do
and he was like what's
we push and I just was like I think I
maybe mumbled and having problems at
home and then I just started crying and
like broke down I don't remember what
happened after that but I remember that
moment vividly I also remember there's
no way I would have passed that class
there's no way I earned a passing grade
in that class but that semester Lugar
Bertie gave me a c-minus a good enough
grade to pass and he gave that to me
because I think he knew my intentions
were good even though I I was just a
total screwup I'm gonna end this QA on
that sadness oh you ready to go yeah you
see Owen here never got thrown out of
high school and he's now a college
student doing very how are you doing in
school alone with like academically well
yeah
you think you're gonna like get good
marks yeah really
environmental science he switched from
computer science which you know whatever
he's interested in
guys what's happening
