yesterday the hotel gave me these pants
and they're pajama pants but they might
be my new favorite pants ever love
Beverly Hills hotel they match I know
they're pajamas but these are my new
favorite pants and I'm just gonna wear
them today like they're not pajamas it
is uh it's about 6:00 in the morning
6:30 in the morning here in LA and I'm
leaving super early to fly back to New
York but the cars on its way to pick me
up now but I really really really really
wanted to I really wanted to see the Sun
Rise before I left
apologize to everybody else hotel I'm
not sure if that's an official exit to
the hotel or not okay that's it's time
to go I have to leave this hotel room
this hotel room definitely top top three
best photos I've ever been in I mean
just like it feels like it's the
nineteen sixties in here that's amazing
quick once-over good and to go goodbye
thank you
hope this is my driver Casey yes all
right all right thanks a lot
see you later all right the point that
we have just a little right LAX you got
it
hey back at the airport thank you
somebody should do like a montage
compilation of me saying back at the
airport I've probably said that 500
times in the course of this series
anyway back at the airport see like he's
past the hotel I stayed in gave me that
pajama cast but they're my new favorite
my new favorite pants
no way
incredible outdoor area fresh air in an
airport have a snack sunbathe vape if
that's your thing over there's baby
first person on the plane I haven't been
the first person in a while I'm the
worst person today first person on the
plane
the first person on I hope so I hope so
too
hello but ice cream for dessert and some
fruit
it's all cut in geometric shapes I don't
know if I'm five minutes maybe sometimes
I just like to chill in the bathroom the
only place we could be alone on an
airplane
having a little bit of me time
back in New York provide thank you
I can't wait to see the baby it's 5:55
right now the baby goes to bed at 7:30
so if I get home quick I have like an
hour than hang out of the little one
this is a sunset flight into Manhattan
one of the greatest experience of any
man's life
New York City missed you so much
look I didn't record anything there and
then because I was too upset but right
after I like got home the Sun there was
like a little bit of light left so I
took out my favorite thing in the whole
world my my Mavic drone and I flew it
and like I don't know what happened I
think I went I think it like went but I
lost signal
I lost the drone is gone it's gone
forever it's never coming back
that drone was my favorite thing it was
my favorite like filmmaking tool video
making tool YouTube device camera that
maybe I've ever had and it's just gone
and on top of that that was like a I was
like a one-of-a-kind thing like it's not
even out yet dawn my little true drone
my favorite it's gone a bit of a late
night mission here I emailed the guys I
know a DJ I explained to them that I
lost this thing basically I emailed them
begging them to send me another one and
they said as long as the drone still has
power I should be able to see it's GPS
location so I fired up the controller
and then sure enough there's like a poop
showing me where it is one thing is
Corden's a map it's in the middle of the
you know the river
see that middle of the river and a
little further that way to see if I can
find it I mean according to the map it's
on that boat right there that's not
possible all right I mean this has to be
a to be continued there's only one of
two possible outcomes right now and
that's that this thing's confused or
it's sitting on a sailboat
I don't know why it would land on a
sailboat so I think it's tune in next
time to find out actually I'll probably
never find out but tune in next time and
find out
Yeah right you I've seen you on like on
the internet or something you do these
crazy like definitely see you later I
know I see yeah that's a Katie Casey
pain
I think Casey
