good morning
it's pitch black outside
it's like 4:45 in the morning right now
the Sun hasn't come up yet I got to get
out of here yeah
get a seat Cedric this is Cedric
remember last night I said I was here
for Sam's son to take some 360 photos
and they always entertain my stupidest
ideas this morning might be my stupidest
best worst idea ever
morning guys it's too early
Paul remember the helicopter that that
flew us to VidCon idea said roots pick
this up on the tarmac we have a lot of
prep work to do things are just getting
started
who's excited I'm excited are you
excited
to you and you'll be sitting like this
okay when we decide and then the lateral
drop down obviously like that
so you'll climb out so this is like
safety stuff rigging stuff practice like
working out all the details so when we
actually do this there's like we want to
remove as many variables as possible
safety is the key
right I forgot the bowtie major issue I
forgot the bowtie that I wouldn't want
webbing tied around my necks
how do we turn this into a bowties I
think now we just like this yeah this is
perfect a so you just want to squeeze
this weird I got this bowtie we just
need not a wedding and dude this is
perfect all right you got the job my
suit is ready my fake bowtie is good
enough this string here is going to tie
on my sunglasses before I climb out of
the helicopter I think that's it if we
have a problem Jake is gonna have eyes
on Casey he'll let us know right away
he'll let me know right away and we'll
just deal with
I don't know if I've been a hundred
percent clear on why we're doing all of
this rigmarole literally just so I can
take a picture with a gear 360 I just
want it to be a really good picture so I
kept like upping the ante of what we
should do until we arrived at this place
so all of this is literally for one
three sixty four I hope it's a good
picture
the funnel came out pretty well tonight
is the streamys of Streamy award
streamys award the streamys Awards and I
would say vote for me but by the time I
post this that will be over so don't
waste your time but I'm nominated which
is a big deal I'm excited about it and
obviously I want to look nice for the
awards show so I am I got this suit here
and I have this hotel press it for me
press I think is the same thing as
ironing it's just like a fancier way to
say it I definitely need a haircut
before tonight so I've got my favorite
barber in the whole world jelly coming
by here give she's got more I'm gonna
have her cut my hair out here on the
patio because I found jelly she's gonna
cut my hair out here on the patio I
don't really have any ideas jelly do I
just think it's too much what do you
think I mean it's it feel homeless right
now
looking sharp can I tried to clean up
the hair as best I could I think I did a
pretty good job if I move the camera
fast you can't even see it jelly no no
hair left on the floor all right
jelly is out of here I have to get
dressed and go I mean unless you want to
come with me I really like jelly the
barber you know just anyone who takes
that much pride in what they do and
loves what they do that much that's it
apparently I'm late I don't know how but
I'm already late
this is it this is uh this is the
Streamy Awards here
we're at the hotel now this is where the
this is where the award show is tonight
and we're like in a green room room
getting ready for some light I don't
know but it hasn't started yet
okay we need to get a mic on to going on
stages presents something so that the
mic me up now and and you know I don't
really know what's going on but there's
like a lot of energy and everybody's
being really like urgent
a lot of action happening up there BAM
what is happening y'all y'all looking
good if you guys don't mind can we take
a picture is that cool
we got Casey nice that in the building
he's got the gear 360 this is yep oh
thank you he got my bag look what he's
been doing with his camera Sean Sean
like white people crazy
where was i with some of their best
Halloween looks here are the nominees
for best first-person series and the
winner for best first person series is
Casey Knights - thanks guys and thanks
for everybody else I was nominated with
I think that first person or vlogging or
whatever this is called is is like the
evolution of what was reality TV and I
think it's more honest and more truthful
and more real than anything that
predated it on television so it's a big
honor and thank you very much
whoa whoa okay what a ridiculously
awesome night I I just want to thank
everyone who voted for me I think that's
how you win is like people vote for you
but it's a big honor it mental hope
you're having a wonderful stay please
let me know if there's anything I can do
to make your or come please enjoy these
exclusive Beverly Hills Hotel pajamas oh
all right
pajamas they're really Hills Hotel
pajamas Wow check these out I have to
fly back to New York tomorrow this is
gonna be my airplane outfit and check
this out look wallpaper pants wallpaper
pants whatever these pajamas are amazing
quick war stories and at the bottom of
the rope
and now when you're holding on to a rope
ladder it is like doing a pull-up
but like holding a pull-up and I had the
safety line for the 360 camera in case I
dropped it which I did twice but the
safety line was wrapped around the was
wrapped around the rope ladder like ten
ways so I was down there like hi my
mouth aterna
