are you ready to go Candace how many
minutes
don't I hate more than anything I hate
goodbyes
I'm saying goodbye to the family this
morning they're going east I'm going
west and yeah that sucks sorry for
starting up so in such a down note but
that sucks
any kind of hotel coffee is always so
good it's always so strong I have
something to show you I have something
to show you do we have a minute I did it
for us I mean a week ago really when we
were in Nantucket there was like a
little scene in the vlog where Candice
is rapping along one of the greatest
hip-hop hits ever sir mix-a-lot sir
mix-a-lot baby got back mix it up okay
sir mix-a-lot himself saw the vlog and
then emailed a he had some advice in it
for Candice man you see this what up
Casey mix late night studio that's why I
say one thing you do but I do what I do
I saw your video but baby got back thing
loved it talked the organic lady gets in
the car turns on the switch she starts
getting down but I noticed she was a
little held down a little held back she
seemed a little off the reserve because
you were there next time you shoot a
video like that she turns on the radio
and gets ready to snap get out the car
you have footage you are the
fastest-growing thing like you to make
your paper man do you know how crazy
this is oh my girl I know he's like
sorry if you're like under the age of
if you're under the age of like 25 you
probably don't realize how big of a deal
this is this song like shape our entire
generation girl what are you doing say
bye to granny say goodbye she's gonna
cry
she and that so sad
hi Candice can you just tell my dad to
run out back real quick so you can say
goodbye to Francine right now oh you're
so sweet some business needs
at least she didn't cry when she cries
that's the worst when Francine starts
crying as when I completely that's when
I totally just lose my Oh
hate saying goodbye to that baby 3-hour
41 minute flight from here in Houston to
Los Angeles you know honestly I'd use 3
hours and 41 minutes right now I get a
little bit of work done I think we're
boarding sad to say part of the family
but psyched about our way and have been
there in a little while and does he make
a great trip Streamy Awards helicopters
rope ladders tuxedos who knows what
might happen
matically disconnect for an altitude of
2,000 feet this will be happening in
just a few minutes so you may want to
begin to wrap up your graphing session
now although at that time we will
provide you later
chilly out here in LA
super SuperDuper good to be back in Los
Angeles I love this city
there's supposed to be a cars are like
pick me up but it's not here so lose it
again
that's me yeah I find them yeah it's
Jason nice to meet you
how far away are we three minutes this
is one of my favorite hotels where you
walk into the coolest it's like red
carpeting and then a green striped
ceiling it's very old-school
I mean it's the coolest I'm ready
alright this is totally ridiculous and
over-the-top and let me just explain to
you what's going on you remember when I
left my studio three days ago and I'd
like to run back into the studio to grab
throughout this to grab my samsung gear
360 well the project that I'm supposed
to be doing out here in LA is like
taking dope 360 photos with this and I'm
doing it for Samsung like a branded
thing with Samsung and when they asked
if they could help I was like yeah you
know be cool as if like I stayed in a
really cool hotel and this absolute
ridiculousness is what they did but yeah
that's like that is the the gist of it
I'm more of a youtuber than a
photographer I'm doing this 360 photo
project yeah it's like let's make this
trip interesting look at this room
that guy said this is the room Frank
Sinatra used to stay and this is the
room French stated Prince probably
played that piano
first there was Sinatra then there was
Prince then there was a guy who makes
videos I can see to the people was it
hard to find this room was impossible
your name's not even under this someone
else must have booked this for you and
you know I'm happy to see you but I
really just want to see your car yeah I
want to do it go chat call Shotgun now
or you decide to call Shotgun I mean I
just don't know the rule that his car's
right over there in the dark
my cousin hold on hold on
okay hold on hold on hold on ready it's
contacting my vehicle that's my car Matt
Felix I'm trying over here by itself
it's like your own valet I don't think
I've to pay anymore
oh my god no one's noticing yeah
this automaton this automatically
driving car here is David's new Tesla
you got it how many days ago like four
days ago so I'm still super obsessed
with it so ignore me if I talk about it
too much it's pretty just how to drive
over here all by itself no it's just
parked middle of the dropping I'm so
excited about this have you been in my
lakhs
never in my life look at the windshield
oh wow man so it's 100% autopilot oh
yeah that's driving a hundred percent by
itself and then we're gonna look at the
Raj and talk to you talk about great
you're doing how it was going I don't
care so this is a key right I love this
isn't my favorite I put the key in my
pocket wherever I want it to stop well I
could touch the car but testing the key
boom open sit down not touching the girl
you can see is there anything I need to
know okay ready
there go for it I just just dropped a
hammer right drop the hammer down with a
short block wow it really takes off
doesn't it the only way to get hit him
go wow this thing just moves you
shouldn't you should quit your job as a
youtuber David and become a Tesla
salesman fail so we came back here just
got room service but uh yeah I'm really
excited about this especially those
rookies did you get everything you
needed
yeah at the way in life that sucks and
here with Tesla
it's just speed to do a final hey dude
what kind of car D what kind of car do
you have
Oh Tesla
