can you believe about fast as clouds are
moving storms a-brewin also I don't have
any shoes on right now even though I'm
running like ten miles because I'm using
my my shoes to hold the camera there
windy phone kept blowing over
alright alright alright I might be
smiling on the outside I'm crying on the
inside
it is 301 and the P I spent the entire
day wrestling to get this camera to work
do I look good though this is a 4k vlog
today for a very special reason for K
because yesterday's episode about the
new DJI Mavic Pro drone was very popular
but a lot of people had a lot of
questions about the imagery that this
thing yields versus the imagery that
this thing yields so long story long I
thought I'd shoot today in 4k that way I
can put the 4k image from these suckers
in there like in its raw pure State
I just been living this camera setup
camera that's a Canon 5d Mark 4 and then
I got this monitor down here do you see
all this monitors their microphones
there forever to get this thing to work
if you're not John Olsen just ignore
this next part John how do you possibly
shoot your daily videos in 4k every day
how is this not just a huge pain in the
ass now the number one piece of
criticism I was getting yesterday about
the Mavic Pro that's the tiny gronitz
that's this guy was that the image
seemed soft oh the image may have been
soft because I had to adjust the
resolution of it to match yesterday's
episode which is why today's in 4k by
the way if you click the little cog
right there and then go all the way up
right here to 4k you can see this video
in all its glory you're gonna want to
have a really good internet connection
if you do that otherwise it's gonna like
glitch and buffer and all that now
before I take these drones out for a
side-by-side comparison I want to sort
of get into my my entire thesis and
understanding behind drone quality first
since this is the underlying theme of
why I'm going out there in the first
place
okay here y-axis here my marker the tip
just falls out of this marker and then
look at my fingers your x-axis here this
is convenience practicality of use
pain-in-the-ass super convenient x-axis
here is the quality of the image this is
the best quality you could ever ask for
there potent Cho
now ideally what you're looking for in
any piece of hardware it's for it to
live in this sweet spot here that means
it's both super convenient and very high
quality for you longtime viewers of the
vlog remember when you supply this
alright this is a parent drone it's
closer to a toy than a drone pretty low
quality image but really easy to keep in
your backpack so this little drone is
super convenient but very very low
quality DJI inspire maybe you've seen
this thing before it's this monstrous
drone that like has moving arms like a
space alien my friend Jesse has one so
the quality is over here but it's not
convenient at all in fact it's a huge
painting and oh that exists here which
brings us to this thing the Phantom 4 up
until yesterday my favorite drone on the
market convenient and very high quality
right about here the quality is almost
the pretty convenient and then comes the
Mavic Pro is not as good qualitatively
as the p4 I would say it's right here
but its convenience is up here the ideal
piece of equipment lives here the reason
why I love this thing is because it
lives right here good enough quality and
very convenient any day of the week
I'll trade a tiny bit of quality to get
the shot
okay I'm down here under the
Williamsburg Bridge to do a
comprehensive analysis between the
phantom4
and the DJ I'm avid pro I also brought
the parent whatever plastic thrown just
as a control study number one backpack
size this is the DJI phantom4 backpack
as you can see it's a fairly large pack
this big bag is necessary to carry the
drone down here you've got your
controller propellers etc next up is the
Mavic pro the Maverick fits in this
lovely satchel I wish this satchel came
in cheetah print or maybe a hot pink in
this little satchel fit the controller
and then the drone itself lasts to
compare is the parrot drone is not an
official bag but the drone itself and
then the propellers which I keep in this
carrying case this thing is a pretty
serious commitment this thing is
worthless I don't know why made it part
of this video you could take this out of
date you can take this to the roller
skating rink you could take this to the
ferry products for the travel with
okay now the moment of truth I'm gonna
fly each of the three drones on the same
route for a side-by-side comparison okay
first up the Phantom 4 I really really
wish I had picked a J that wasn't like a
storm eating like horrible gale force
winds but I already started this okay
here we go
the magic bro
this is the parrot rota I'm just telling
you right now I'm going to 100% lose
this the winds gonna take it's gonna fly
away
come off
throw god this thing is a nightmare it's
like ten feet over the water lost
connection which is what always happens
and then it just sat there and then it
flew back here and then it wouldn't land
looking at the phantom footage right
next to the Mavic footage the Mavic is a
much softer make like less sharp less
it's a much softer image than the
phantom for the Phantom 4 is a superior
camera the gap is big but not
overwhelming but it is a superior camera
but of either carrying this to capture
that perfect image or carrying just this
skin the image that's good but not great
for somebody like me who youtuber I make
a video every day convenience is a super
huge priority so I'm going to stick with
this but all of you commenters were
totally right the Maverick does have a
softer less sharp image then the big but
if we're gonna if we're gonna go back to
where today began I still think
convenience over here is just as
important as quality over here so I will
trade this little bit of quality for
this huge amount of convenience oh and
the bebop drone this thing I just put
that in there to show you what a drone
of comparable size thematic actually
looks like and the last thing I wanna
say is I wish I had a GoPro karma oh so
frustrating that I just I would love to
show you what that looks like
because I don't have a GoPro karma yet
they just loaned me one for one day now
to give it back but I do have this this
is the session 5 in 4k the new session
that's not out yet
I kind of took it from them and didn't
give it back but this is the exact
camera that will be on the karma to give
you an idea so like what the Karma is
going to look like that's a pretty good
image here I'll pretend I'm a drone
that's the best I could do that was shot
on this little guy 4k pretty pretty good
pretty good GoPro okay I hope this was
helpful just thinking I had three drones
on my back and then I have this camera
which is a 5d Mark for it so expensive
today would be a terrible terrible day
to get robbed unless you're the robber
there would be a great day - Rodney
knows that doesn't happen
