the people I've met in this island are
just amazing oh they're getting married
congratulations
literally this never happens
it is 9:06 a.m. and the baby's still
asleep I've never had so much morning
time to myself do you want to check out
it with me you're just in there in the
crib smiling waiting
thanks guys ah lovely morning and then
Tucket cold and windy feels great I'm
headed to the in Tucker project the
event that we are here in town for
Candace is gonna come with me but the
baby woke up so late then she's back
there feeding her curios they're gonna
catch up with me later
the spread here the spread is no joke
photos especially by recording video
breaks a narrative into emotional data
points it's a simple method to record it
since my story
alright some fascinating stuff happening
in this tent I'm going to stay here for
another hour and then when they break
for lunch I have to go home and do
homework T I'm not doing a talk here I'm
doing like an interview I'm interviewing
Billy Corgan Billy Corgan was the lead
singer is the lead singer of the
Smashing hunt and the Grammy goes to
Smashing Pumpkins first I want to know
why they make these things so short I
have a lot of homework to do before he
and I speak so I'm gonna like cut out
soon and go back to the hook and go back
to the hotel to do that homework
you guys live here on the island no
we're from Colorado
awesome awesome me you man
I'm headed back now at 45 minutes and
hit no hotel room do all my homework all
my research so I'm prepared
I left good faculty event I thought I'd
come meet her for lunch but now I took
this candy I had a small crisis and then
I remembered my drone but not the drone
charger and then I ran into these guys
all right and we're just shooting the
 and they have a drone and an extra
battery another great place this is oh
man you guys are saving me doing my
research I got a notepad I got the
Internet
two batteries I kind of I can deplete
both what are you gonna do this is more
important I don't agree with you but
thank you Thank You Carly thank you
total stranger matter this afternoon
gave you - phantom batteries I'm not to
make the droning in this video really
good
hardware malfunction a long segment if
today's episode looks a little different
it's because I had a minor hardware
malfunction yesterday we're in yet
another one of these lenses exploded
people love giving me a hard time for
breaking equipment but I make eight or
nine videos a week I have this camera
which is a consumer-grade camera in my
hand 18 hours a day I use this equipment
and because of that sometimes I fall off
my skateboard and break lenses it
happens if it had been in a protective
case it wouldn't have broken I also
wouldn't be able to shoot a vlog if I
kept my cameras and protective kit but
when it comes to me there really is no
hardware malfunction there's just a
little thing called human error so I
don't have my wide-angle lens when I ask
my friends at the Nantucket project if
they had a camera lens I could borrow
they gave me one but it's manual which
means like a lot of my shots are going
to be out of focus because it doesn't
focus automatically I have to guess like
this is what the lens looks like it's
actually a much better lens than the
ones it ain't got no brain in it so it
doesn't know how to focus on its own
that's why today's episode might look a
little different and that concludes
today's segment of hardware malfunction
a human error story
my talk my talk is not back there where
the the rest of the presentations where
the where the rest of my talk is at the
church I'm going there now I don't
entirely know how to get there
we'll hear review
this is where we're talking she asleep
how do you think I did with Billy not as
like conspiracies theorist says he
thinks he is
but I don't think that he really thinks
that there's a wizard
I think he's using big words I think
well that's what I was trying to
understand I'm going to meet Oscar have
a selfie yeah let's do it
your name chief Robinson Keith every day
I love it take care
tonight was like the main day at the
event that's why it's so manic like hey
going from one location to the next and
back to the house and then going to the
other kids
what's up homie welcome to Nantucket
thanks it's good to be here I got out
worries that you want to stay with I
like feel like there's a bed that's for
me but there's like clothes in the
closet I don't know all right place to
stay we have a place for you this should
be my last trip back and forth of the
day I have to go back now to get Candice
I was gonna get a car couldn't get one I
don't want her to walk alone so she's so
happy with these girls hey we don't have
to whisper anymore okay
she sure does like those girls
Carly I got your batteries should I give
them to you later okay I killed your
battery's lonely they're their drone
batteries I'll call you later
okay bye guys the people here are so
nice are you are you ready for your
movie tomorrow I'm ready to show my
movie tomorrow kiss are you ready to see
Oscars movie tomorrow
sorry for keeping you guys up so late
thank you for your drone bye guys we are
like we're driving we kidnapped Oscar
he's gonna stay with us tonight in our
suite ridiculous hotel room which I have
to plug it's called white elephant it's
called the white elephant can we stop
and grab something in my white elephant
really
don't know sit-ups
please don't leave that back
