there's a bird there's a parrot a bird
on this guy's shoulder
hustle
solid run got straight 7.17 miles in
there to 720 per mile place this is 4
into Elmo fork I'm back on that raw
organic vegan smoothie tip over I used
to only eat raw organic vegan smoothies
I have like a Google Alert set up so
anytime my name shows up in the news or
any like pump online publications I get
an email I mean I just like to know
whatever my name is so this morning I
get this bonkers email and there's like
there's like a hundred different news
outlets that have written about my
airplane movie I haven't had a movie go
viral like this since probably since the
snowboard video have you seen mr. board
movie this is like a nine minute vlog
that's done 10 million views that's
insane okay in any event why am i
bringing this up okay because there's
one article here it's in it's in a
publication called the Gothamist which
is like a big New York City blog
alright here's here's the part that I
like it says recently professional fun
have or KC nice that professional fun
have our greatest title ever
KC nice that and then here's the part
that makes me aka real-life Poochie now
look I make a living by sharing my life
in the form of videos on the internet
being called names is not something that
is new to me but I've never been called
Poochie so I look up what Poochie is I
think he needs a little more attitude
right there I am the real-life Poochie
hold on ready by the way I don't always
wear a backwards hat I just say have
really curly hair and like if I take a
shower like I did in the airplane and
don't wear a hat it
I've started doing something that's like
a little bit stupid and a lot a bit
risky
it goes like this ready
I take my boots to court and then I take
this bike lock wrap it around the pole
and then lock it through my truck just
like that so it's locked the trucks
there and then this is locked here and
they're just sort of leaning up against
like that
it's risky and stupid because that's
really expensive and this isn't super
safe but for like five minutes it's so
much easier than carrying that heavy
heavy boots that were around videos you
do a great job you take one you see my
wife in here oh you see my wife teachers
at school said Francine loves playing
with water but they need more shirts for
her this is where a canvas by his baby
shirt we have like a photo shoot
this is all you I don't know honey
keep up the good words man I like watch
all your videos
yeah alright look it's still there
it held you would wear the coca-cola
dress
looking at using me and then and then
I'll go back to the office but you don't
like these taxes don't have the ones
that I want my size I like these but
they don't they don't have them in
eleven that's good right bye honey I try
I don't always succeed but I tried like
take a half an hour an hour on it every
day to spend with the girl like out of
the office for doing something trying to
keep that relationship keep that
marriage on the level you know
this is my main camera great camera mmm
good camera its weakest link is this
right here this mini jack always fries
in fact I have I'm going to show you I'm
gonna show you what I have I have one
two three four and five
oh okay four and all of these have the
same issue microphone jack broken I
think there is a very good argument
there to say it's completely my fault
that the microphone jacks broken because
like half the time I put the camera down
I put it down like this not cool this
little clip here is meant for attaching
a camera strap but I think I think that
I can use that to attach a piece of wood
and make like a protector for this the
Japanese pole saw is more precise of a
tool than this you see the trouble is
I've been navigating around all the
precision movement and it can't get in
the way of the screens ability to pivot
so it's like a very specific size piece
of wood here
this fit is absolutely magical
tightening it handled a lot so you know
definitely want soft edges on this what
you do out there man
is that your vlogging camera whoa what
is that this is a red it's just like
your cameras it just shoots all bigger
good look on your shoot thank you sir I
love this building it's just all people
making stuff alright this is the this is
the sketchy part given this a lot of
thought and I really think drilling into
this camera would be a bad idea so I'm
gonna glue it thermal adhesive hot glue
it's the only one that it's pretty
forgiving one time I used an image
similar to this as my thumbnail and
everybody thought I was like smoking
crack or something
get in that crack get about four seconds
before this fully cures so hey thus
concludes the arts and crafts portion of
today's episode it never touches the
table
I'm going home we're putting the baby in
the stroller and we're taking her for a
walk cuz tonight is well tonight's
special good job
Francine yeah you're the best scooter
lady's job
Cantus to know the reason why we had to
come out tonight is last day of summer
officially officially for me you know if
you go back 365 episodes that you'll
find me saying this one year ago today
but for me the year always ends when the
summer ends it's always the time that
you want to get the most bummed out and
weird and existential you know but it's
also when we get the prettiest sunsets
I get a lot of these requests it's
impossible for me to address all of them
dear kids I've got a friend who watches
your episodes religiously he's a marine
in the US Marine Corps and was just
promoted to Colonel so I just want to
acknowledge and congratulate you
Colonel Dan wisten wisten started on how
to pronounce your name from Asheville
North Carolina congratulations on the
promotion that's a very big deal and
thank you for your service
