that's the UH that's the GoPro karma and
play right there okay report through
some real tests now
everybody
here today's entire episode is going to
be about gear today those Francine's
first day at school by herself oh my god
gear I haven't talked about gear in a
while this entire episode is gonna be
focused on gear if you're not interested
in camera gear come back tomorrow for a
regularly scheduled programming now my
thesis on gear is pretty straightforward
I've shared it with you a million times
I always want the very best image
possible so long as it doesn't get in
the way of me living my life or doing my
thing now what that literally means is
like this like when I walked into when I
walk into an airplane and I'm carrying
my big vlogging camera which looks like
this the flight attendant says hey you
can't have that there's no filming in
here it gets in the way when I walk onto
an airplane holding this nobody says a
thing they just assume that I'm a nerd
who likes to talking to a camera and
there are other places where you just
can't bring a camera into I just use my
cell phone that's what I mean by the
best image possible as long as it
doesn't get in the way just of this
whole thesis is that this five thousand
dollar camera is often not as good as
this $1500 camera this $1500 camera is
often not as cute this 500r camera less
good than this $200 camera and this 200
camera at times is not as good as the
camera on my cell phone you see when the
story is king and the story is always
king these things just serve this story
and whatever one of these can tell your
story the best is the best camera now
I've said all this before why am i
repeating myself today today is a very
special day today is well in the world
of drones now if you're a longtime
viewer of this show you'll know how
conflicted my relationship has been with
drones
I still use this like toy drone because
of its convenience this was the only one
that fit into my backpack the image
quality on that thing is like a bad cell
phone camera but this thing's been
amazing it produces incredible results
it looks like I've got a helicopter
following me around it's not super
manageable in fact this is a regular
backpack and this is the pack that's
meant to carry the Phantom 4 and it's
kind of the only way to keep but it's
like the only way to keep it safe now
going back to where I started about
having the gear get in the way of you
telling your story I gave up on keeping
that thing safe and I just take the
propellers off and crammed in my normal
sized backpack that is in part the
reason why I have 1 to 7 broken ones
what is the best answer to like the
camera conundrum but with drones I don't
know and I don't know if it's been
answered yet but today GoPro announced
their new drone and maybe that's it
so much more than now I happen to have
one right here so I thought we could
take a look just as a disclaimer this is
not a commercial for or was paid for by
or as an endorsement of anything for
GoPro they just gave me the opportunity
to check out this early prototype so
this this is the actual drone itself
this here this is the battery fully
charged battery into drone feels pretty
good
now the magic the drone wings actually
just flip out on this so this big guy
collapses down to something far more
manageable even with the propellers on
there something big here that's
different is the fact that instead of
having them instead of having a fixed
camera this actually this has a GoPro on
the front now I don't know if that
better or if that's worse because I
haven't flown this sucker yet but no
just for a quick size size comparison
you can see here the manageability is
favors the GoPro in a big way because
the cameras on the front here I mean the
legs could actually be smaller and
pulled out on the bottom because they're
not responsible for protecting the
camera like here alright and this is the
gimbal here this is what keeps the image
totally steady gimbal here gimbal here
but this is what GoPro did that's
totally next level ready the gimbal
actually okay you turn this like this
and then just slide it out the gimbal
just pops out you take this little guy
and then you've got a handheld gimbal
that gets totally steady handheld
footage and it's the same it's the same
this is the same gimbal that works with
it's the same gimbal that works on the
drone I can now use and attach the stuff
I'm now going to pack up the drone take
the gimbal skate to somewhere where I
can find fly the drone and test the
gimbal
also I didn't show you the controller so
I haven't used it yet but one thing I'm
totally psyched about it doesn't need a
phone like this is the whole touchscreen
here controls here buttons here buttons
here it's kind of like a gigantic
Gameboy
all right drone and backpack there this
is the custom a custom backpack that it
comes with now
I'm gonna try something all right I'm
gonna try to skate there with this thing
on with this thing on my chest
alright this little guy right here it's
stabilized and it's rolling
stabilization being able to stop the
entire stabilizer to my chest pretty
cool
alright pull this closure this is the
maiden flight my maiden flight probably
the universe maiden flight of a GoPro
camera in the wild I've read no
instruction manuals and I've had no
instructions on this thing here's what
we're dealing with here I got the nice
screen up
yes not out there let's get up taking
off
all right love one guy run by here we go
q.what
what
Oh bear this thing is fast
okay is far okay it was like businesses
like the only GoPro karma prototype on
planet earth right now and I've got it
like a mile from me things uptown okay
bring it back I've got 21 minutes left
in this flight so I think it's time to
step it up a little bit and try
something a little bit more complex that
is the operating the drone while flying
the boosted board this is my first time
on this thing so this will be telling
all right
wish me luck
so that's it that is the first look at
the GoPro karma drone system stable that
was an unfinished product the software
wasn't finalized so I'm gonna reserve
giving you my judgment on it but I can
say this it's very very exciting that
that is where things are headed like in
one backpack is essentially like a 4k
Steadicam a helicopter with a stabilized
camp like if you had told the younger
version of me that I would have all of
that available to me in a backpack I
wouldn't believe you all right pull this
closure here push the red button here
this is Colin from GoPro he's sort of
been supervising my visit today with the
prototype karmas I've been telling him
like don't tell me how to use this let
me figure this thing out but these are
but I don't get to keep these when do I
get one
so we said today they'll be available on
October 23rd when I said I didn't get
any instructions or anything I mean it
when I said that I had not been given
any instructions I really wanted to try
this thing without anybody teaching me
how dude thank you for letting me play
with it my pleasure thanks for showing
up we always love sharing stuff with you
Casey I'm very impressed that you could
ride a boosted board got a little
practice
