ten mil it's a super big deal I mean ten
million subscribers
ten million god you know I I when I
started on YouTube the idea of 10
million seemed absolutely infallible I
mean 10 million subscribers 10 10
million thanks guys I I just wanted to
make this quick video to acknowledge 10
million and just to talk for a sec you
know this isn't I I can't make a real
video right now I've actually taken a
little bit of time off from YouTube so
I'm dealing with some kind of heavy
personal right now but I did want to
talk about 10 million what it means
getting to getting to 10 million was
absolutely not as hard as getting to a
million you see between a million and
ten million it just meant doing more of
the same little bit of patience and a
lot of hard work getting to getting to a
million get into a million was not as
hard as getting to a hundred thousand
subs I saw the work people were
responding to I made more of that I
experimented I worked on building an
audience I did all that and it took me
from 100k to a million see getting to a
hundred thousand subs was still not as
hard as getting to ten thousand subs you
see getting to ten thousand subs is the
hardest thing to do on YouTube because
at 0
nobody's tuning and nobody cares and at
ten thousand it means you've built a
meaningful audience so getting from zero
to 10,000 finding your footing building
a foundation on YouTube was the hardest
thing to do and the moral of all this is
that I think one piece of advice that
people love to overlook especially young
people enthusiasts
energetic young people on YouTube love
to overlook is patience it's something
that my friend Gary Vaynerchuk talks
about a lot but it's it's required to
succeed in anything but especially on
YouTube it's patience 2010 years they
got a decade ago I started my youtube
channel how old were you a decade ago
like six the other big part of I think
the other big part of when I look back
at my success and what I've been able to
do on YouTube the other big part has
been you the audience and you know I
have said before and I stand by this
that I I think inspiration is highly
overrated
I think inspiration is just what takes
you from zero to one and then to go from
one to ten million is a combination of
hard work and luck and all these other
factors and I think the word inspire the
word inspiration is wildly overused
especially in this like sort of yippee
social media world about inspiring
others and here's an Instagram photo of
a concern set aren't you inspired but
that's not to say that inspiration
doesn't play a role so I thought rather
than just me sitting here bloviating
about inspiring others or whatever I
thought that I would share with you
someone that I draw like an insane
amount of inspiration from someone that
I check in on every single day someone
that I've never met
I mostly follow him on Twitter and let
me just show you this guy all right this
is this is Dre Dre represents everything
I love about social media
all right so Dre is a guy I don't know
him I just found him on social media but
Dre's a guy who started I think 79 days
ago he changed his Twitter handle to Dre
the new me is coming and every day he
posts these videos of himself just
busting his ass working out to reinvent
himself physically and he puts himself
out there in a way that's so accessible
and and anyway I'll link his YouTube
channel I'll link his Twitter below just
check this guy out
but the reason why I'm singling out Dre
today is because I think the magic of
YouTube the magic of social media is its
ability to bring people together and
typically the only time mainstream
outside whether its news media or any
media attention gets shined on YouTube
typically it's about something negative
not something positive but for me it has
been that positivity and it's been the
connectedness and it's been the way that
YouTube has opened up my world and be
exposed to somebody like Dre I would
never be able to find someone like him
if it weren't for social media that is
one of my like profound unrelenting love
for YouTube and social media comes from
all right that that's kind of it ten
million uh I made this 10 million
t-shirt because I think it's awesome it
says 10 million here in my handwriting
and then down here when you flip it up
it says we did it summer 2018 and it
says it says we not it says we not I did
it because I just make the videos this
community grew to 10 million because of
because of you because of weed that's
why it says we it's a great shirt it
comes in black and white and I'm doing a
super limited run of these shirts we're
not gonna make that many but there's
this young lady named Mari copening
she's 11 years old she was in Flint
Michigan I learned about her fundraiser
this morning and I did all this research
on this extraordinary young lady doing
amazing things the hell
her community and her most latest
initiative here is to help fill up
backpacks for kids who maybe can't
afford school supplies and according to
this GoFundMe it cost four bucks for her
to fill up a backpack with all the
supplies that youngster needs so for
every one of these shirts were able to
sell I'm gonna donate four bucks
straight to her nonprofit she's looking
to get to $50,000 she's currently at
$28,000 I'm hoping that this will push
her over the line of course if you'd
rather donate instead of buy this shirt
that's a great idea
I'll link that below her link will also
be on shop Casey Neistat comm and if
there's any chance you're seeing this
video mari keep up the good work I I
can't wait to vote for you for president
someday okay
ten million I'll be back very soon once
all this personal stuff blows over but
thank you for what ten years of support
and I have no intention of stopping or
slowing down anytime soon
