but it's the exact same bad yes she was
bad when she was like a soul I don't
know if I've made this clear not on the
vlog but Francie and our daughter is bad
she's like manipulative and smart and
just like we'll do whatever it takes yet
ice cream I don't know what that smoke
was coming from
that I don't
I hope that into the process insensitive
I just saw smoke that backed the law
much
can I have a babysitter this morning and
we have we're having a date so far it's
going pretty well they argue with you
oh this is our second lunch before we
just had fruit this is our first one
oh my god oh my god Candace as a rule
doesn't come to the studio because she
finds it too stressful so I let her dig
into the Francine archives I keep a
pretty tight archive of cute pictures
and videos of friends anyway she's
digging deep I'm getting some needed
gear I like broke all my gear in the
last week I don't know why god I
remember those swings where we flying to
Cape Town we flew the Kato and she's
that little yeah and I fell back by
myself remember I can't believe I gonna
watch that are you sure you want to yeah
there's no one watching it when Candace
was getting having the baby they like
film I had my GoPro and I was like I
don't want to film the gross stuff and
the doctor is like a cowboy in Texas
took the camera and film the gross stuff
I've never looked at it she's looking at
it I'm gonna hide in here is that I
broke my um I broke my microphone that's
pretty my camera in my backpack this is
one of the most common problems and if
you know a way to fix this let me know
but where the microphone jack goes into
the camera sticks out like this when I
put it in my background it always breaks
it's why the sound is so often messed up
in my videos luckily I keep a pretty
solid inventory of equipment here in the
office to suit by every so there's some
new stuff here
bunch of new equipment arrived when I
wasn't here I've gotten a chance to play
with it yet I've been wanting this for a
while can't ready this is a GoPro selfie
stick it's so me right now push the
button it's filming over there me over
there me over there me over there
amazing a company called
speed bow makes these thank you speedo
for sending them over this is pretty
next-level image stabilizer for cell
phone and GoPro I can't wait to use this
are you watching that nasty stuff are
you crying regarding microphones I
typically use one of two microphones I
like this I like this rode microphone a
lot solid microphone lately I've also
been using these sure microphones
they're great slightly different sound
profile but just as good of a camera
more recently Sennheiser came out with
this microphone I haven't used it yet
but Sennheiser makes great products and
I'm really looking forward to this also
I put one of these dead cats on this and
it really kills any and all wind it's
this fuzzy thing that gives me such
clean sound like when I'm riding my
skateboard in the wind talking to camera
and it still sounds good that's because
of this furry thing
honey we gotta go you have fun watching
the archives when did you get back
yesterday
I know when we're in Venice on our
vacation Oscar was also in Venice and he
was literally 200 feet from us and we
were able to connect alright I gotta go
man all right
that pretty much concludes our afternoon
date they have to head back down to
relieve the babysitter
in conclusion we went to lunch and then
went to lunch and then we walked to my
office and Candice watched little baby
videos and now we take the taxi cab home
by the water and just do nothing except
stare into space
what was the best part
they'd be going down for a nap I have to
pack I hate packing because I'm terrible
at packing gotta gotta gotta gotta bring
my tuxedo here trouble is don't know
that I actually have a tuxedo it's ready
to see I always have trouble
prioritizing what to bring right seed oh
and my drone what else
typically I try not to be cagey about
where I'm going or what I'm doing but I
had to promise not to reveal the details
of this trip until Monday night at 8
p.m. so I can't I think I can share
where I'm going but I can't share why
I'm going there all the details soon
really soon I just need like you know a
day for you to bear with me here
and the door to the left of the
silverware I got it right here no big
deal
in other mildly exciting news I'm flying
Virgin Atlantic sorry never flown Virgin
Atlantic before the line here at virgin
is like a mile long so just sew up this
boosted board bag while I wait I bought
this bag after market like it wasn't
made by boost it's made by some I don't
know it was expensive though it's
completely falling apart of this and
this strap ripped off and the buckles
broke and I had to put these carabiners
on as the plastic ones broke broke over
here trying to stitch this back together
here really have nothing but disdain for
low quality products if you know of a
high quality boosted board bag let me
know and I don't want a gun bag more
like a pool cue bag that's be made just
for boosted word otherwise it's a
nuisance
currently enroute to the Virgin lounge
which I've never been to but Candace
speaks of highly so expect a
comprehensive review of this lounge
ready for a tour
down in
menus
couches magazines computers other
stranger CAPTCHAs kind of a chill-out
lounge what appears to be a hair salon
futuristic bar red pool table cheap CV
luggage storage facilities that's not
boosters work color-changing hallway
all it all seems like a really nice
lounge everybody in here is super
friendly not too crowded and the food's
delicious
they're good man I believe how do you
love your stuff it's dry they fly thanks
for not leaving without me there's a far
walk to make a lot of friends on this
airline
all right no I'll take a paper thank you
very much
shameless now I didn't bring my regular
sweatpants pajamas
Candace told me they'd give me a pair
and they did nice okay pretty cozy
like in the first part of this episode I
complained about microphones and I go to
my studio and I get a new microphone and
then spontaneously the shot when I go
into the closet the sound gets totally
fun in nowhere and that's why I like it
sound like there but you've really left
that's called peaking like it's at the
top I don't know why it does that
I changed no settings it like does that
on its own this is why I always smash my
cameras they so frustrated when stuff
like this sorry I'm sorry about the low
sound quality for the second half of
today's episode thanks for hanging in
there
