that's a really short skirt I maybe it
might be a shirt I have no idea so you
just going to the mall with no pants on
we're going to the Guardia Airport okay
I'm terrible I'm terrible at acting
thank you very much you're welcome sir
thank ya have a good one
Candice Candice has been telling me for
weeks they need to pack I packed this
morning
thank you
flights boarding now for our flight
pretty excited about this leg of the
journey
I think I'm banging on the third first
lon
I'm not going to break my record for
most lights in a week but I'm gonna come
closer shiny in here
normally I don't change for domestic
flights but so early in the morning
figure I can just put on my pajamas go
to sleep much better
in 25 minutes I will put my pants back
we'd like to welcome you to Houston
local time here in the past I weigh
11:40 thank you this is insane before
you man just loves you
let's go guys let's go
are you jealous that you didn't get to
come on the road trip with our thing you
may pick up on a few if I made it every
single one Candice was born in South
Africa but she was mostly raised in
Houston Texas this is like her hood the
first time I ever really met Candice was
I came down here for a bar mitzvah and
Candice let me stay at her parents house
remember honey yeah and you know where
you ended up literally in the dog bed
the night I crawled into bed with her
and fell asleep I woke up the next
morning in the dog bed
oh isn't it good
I just might put it with green it's
really cute
alright fine
I miss Candace a lot but there was this
other girl named Francine but by the who
I found the baby but she's so tired you
want to go to bed yes you do yep Bebe's
down for her nap I thought well I'm here
alone Oh take a little trip a little
trip down memory lane all right this
this is the greatest look at that
picture of Candace look at that body on
Candace my god and then this guy this is
like an arts and crafts project see it
says a scrapbook this is like an art
project that I made for Candace's
parents because I was like dirt poor
back then I couldn't buy people gifts I
didn't know what to eat so I made them
like this scrapbook this is the printed
out the first email Candace ever sent me
all right hey Casey this is from Candace
- Casey September 2nd 2004 hey Casey are
going to Dale's Bar Mitzvah if you did
please come you can stay at my pad in
Houston let me know I just found your
email and was curious hope you're well
Candace XO mm-hmm all right if you don't
know this story Candace and I look for
our wedding before we got married proper
we like eloped and her parents freaked
out we had to get her an old and it was
this whole disaster but these pictures
are from when that happened like look
that's me that's Candace that's the
judge when we got elope to married us
this is the receipt for our marriage
certificate can't believe her parents
still talk to me I took this picture of
Candace while she was on the phone with
her parents telling them that we had
eloped that face and then in the back it
says Deirdre and Stanley I'm sorry for
not inviting you to our wedding
I can't imagine this book will make up
for it but it's the best I could do
looking at this I hope that I hope that
friends he never goes out with a guy
like me
where you wanna sleep all right
yellow no no no
I remember when these things were first
built babies would be in-laws we're
going to the mall really quickly to pick
up a couple of things
they were probably gonna need for this
trip so far so bad that oh how we're
looking for honey now did you get this
bruised yeah I was like maybe I have
something wrong with me
looks like system is pulling all the
blood is pooling there Is It Candace
pooling
you want to go ice-skating the first
time I ever went ice-skating was here I
was like mom I must have been like 80
what are you we're ice skating she
dressed him up in all my ballet clothes
like leotard tights little wrap and a
skirt ice skating like this
mall trip was a an abysmal failure ready
we got em nothing
I'll see you in 20 minutes good luck
have fun Candace is going to get her I'm
going to pick up food then we go back
home and then we're done with shopping
for the night okay yeah what decided
that women were the ones that had to
have hair torn out of their body
highlighted cut colored editorial well
we do it that we have to look attractive
for men
sometimes like that like what you just
said could have been like you were
headed down this road of feminists
empowered feminists and then you just
pulled a 180 at the very end and really
shattered the whole thing why you always
made me feel like I stole my own car no
I just can't tell I know you're nervous
about I'm nervous aren't you nervous at
all a little bit what are you nervous
about just being away
