it is the middle of the night but we
made it to the great state of Utah
you've been asleep for like two hours
the last night the first proper
all-nighter we've done the drove
straight tonight just active a good it's
fine after 6:00 in the morning
always be super super nice and friendly
with people who work in customer service
here's what just happened I got two
rooms online for like super cheap like
deep discounted room but check-in is
until noon
it's 7:30 a.m. right now and I went in
there and I talked this lovely woman
behind the counter for like 35 minutes
and in the end I got the Rainman suite
look I'll organize that that boogy now
on I only reserved for us the two
cheapest rooms that you find online but
I met this just absolute darling at
check-in and she switched rooms for us
hey ready yeah yeah look at this place
this place is almost as nice as your
freshman dorms gonna be wow let's see if
we get it of you yeah that's pretty much
the best you get here
I slept zero
last night I should be taking a nap
right now just so excited to be here I
gotta I gotta get out there
I have very real thoughts on Las Vegas
as like as a destination I think it's an
amazing place to visit I really do but I
only believe in coming here for 24 hours
at a time and that's because all there
really is to do here is debauchery I
think that debauchery is best served in
small increments so I've got a 24 hour
Las Vegas rule and today will be no
different
Monday morning at 8 a.m. this city is
completely dead
party of two thank you there's only one
kind of restaurant in Las Vegas and
that's the but they did a buffet for bus
whatever I announced it emphatically
people are contact me and they're like
hey let's get together let's get a cup
of coffee
let's grab a beer but on this trip today
yes one guy contact me who owns a
shooting range sounds interesting
another guy who has something called a
water jetpack from what I gather it's
it's a jet pack that propels itself with
water well welcome to target on Flamingo
and Maryland Parkway my name is Twyla
I'm the fastest cashier that they have
here right now fast but in print
thank you I'm coming to you we're both a
little sluggish caffeine retard then
we're gonna go to the thing
good
how long does it take to get that good
okay tell me this tell me the secret
what do I need to know star make it look
good Junior
let's drivers don't bow driving on me
he's like that one dolphin that's not in
the dolphin show but you guys know Owen
seems to have gotten any of it
all right going in here we go see what
he's got
oh he's got a little comfortable up
there
Oh faceplant both disappeared I don't
know what's going on down there
hello tell them about what's going on
I'm pretty sure Casey lost the GoPro for
people out there that's a wrap for the
GoPro hunt I just want to say I'm sorry
I didn't mean to lose your GoPro up
there you have to come solicit flyboard
Las Vegas and follow follow them on
Instagram because I lost their GoPro oh
and how is flyboarding great so we're
out there and they're filming us with
the GoPro I was like Sean hand that to
me I want to film myself from up here
and he's like nah you'll drop it I'm
gonna drop it
literally 30 seconds later did it it's
out there really sorry about that
so yeah the here of course I just lost
somebody somebody's you know just
totally helped you up and let you ride
their jet pack board things the other I
think get a replace the GoPro what
happened was this was the handle that I
was using that's holding on to it like
for dear life and when I hit the water
it just broke
so I didn't actually drop it I just
broke and then the camera went to the
bottom yeah if you follow me if you find
the GoPro in the bottom of the lake over
there email me the footage I got you all
right bye guys flyboarding some we're
gonna do something a little bit more
this is the most powerful handgun in
production
yeah
target practice can be a lot of fun when
all safety measures are observed which
is what we're doing today oh and Casey
oh and Casey oh and this is the fanciest
shooting range have ever been to do you
hear that a lot
yeah a lot of people come in and they're
like oh my gosh
oh and it's now shooting this gigantic
cannon right here to be in the range
there's to be on the other side of this
bulletproof glass I wanted to be out
here because it was getting a little
loud look at that smile was it all great
that the only chrome 50 Cal Las Vegas
yeah actually see you later I'm sorry
for putting all those holes in your time
happy to be here I'm so nice in there I
did like it there that's fun right
I had these plans to go out and have
like a fun night tonight now going to
sleep how how do we do a backflip
commitment but we're not gonna try those
super dangerous that hose is like a
concrete pipe when it's full of water
and so no backflip so in a couple weeks
sorry buddy
