what's up are you doing man I'm good
everything's better check these out
what'd you think of these those are dope
dude it's an individual
then getting some getting some serious
hot sweaty humid miles in this morning
I'm good baby let's go how's that
bathroom go right here go right here I
haven't talked about the Tesla yet I
will do the Tesla but I want to do a
whole tech review Tuesday about the
Tesla but this week's tech review
Tuesday not any other Tesla I've got
something else in mind no no the next
wait yes turn your turn here did you get
one yet okay
tech review Tuesday this is a first for
tech review Tuesday this is a sponsored
tech review Tuesday which means it's not
a real review it's more like first
looked tech review Tuesday but I have
something here that was just announced
this morning I think I'm the first
person to have it maybe they did this
with other youtubers too but I'm very
excited about
remember Segway Segway has a totally new
Segway coming out that apparently fits
in this box and they seventh one they
didn't just send me one dude I just
thought I was gonna be foaming today no
no this one's for you pause it dude
looks like a helmet do you wear it on
your head they did send me like their
promotional video
all I was able to deduce from that
promotional video is that these are
little mini segways that go under each
foot that you ride like rollerskates you
got this well let me see if I can get
over this hump yep let's see if I can
get on the hallway okay alright so
looking at the hardware this thing say
it's like not much bigger than an actual
shoe it's heavy it feels dense I don't
know six or seven pounds how many pounds
you think this thing weighs three
kilograms it's got two little handles on
the bottom the wheel is not like a
hoverboard wheel it doesn't have air in
it so it's solid they charge right here
the regular charger the charger does
have a double dongle so you can charge
both at the same time and that's kind of
it there's one button here that turns it
on I don't think this tables level but
it does balance by it this will be
a real-world test of the Segway can
handle these streets but it's definitely
not as fun there's like a perfectly
smooth like indoor I think these things
would be amazing in an airport or
something like that
going uptown
all right we are now in the biggest room
in New York City with the smoothest
floor in New York City I was like a
plainclothes policeman very polite
though we'll have to test these
elsewhere 34th and 7 thank you
all right now we are in New York City's
Penn Station not as nice of a station
not as nice of a room but the floors are
just as smooth I get absolutely for
Celia having these in my backpack or
something when I go to an airport I'm
pretty used to no look
no flinching just don't look stepped in
exactly I'm just floating on a car
pretty nimble pretty smooth and uh good
for crowds I feel like I'm on
rollerskates
alright so that concludes that concludes
this first look at the UH at the Segway
drift w1 Segway thank you for sending me
these thank you for giving me the
opportunity to look at these things
first
Thanks Segway
