welcome to the Sunday edition of the
vlog today is kind of a special day
today is the last day that Owen my older
kid will be in New York City because
next week he goes to college we're gonna
try and do something fun SoulCycle is
somewhere between like a spinning class
and going to a nightclub how do you
describe it
just here for like one second to pick
something up then we're leaving we're
gonna get out of the city now for the
rest of the afternoon
gonna head south we're going to the
beach
all right that was a long ride out here
so this part of the world is called Far
Rockaway Beach and this is technically
New York City like we're within the five
boroughs here on this side of me is
Jamaica Bay which is a body of water
there and then all the way over yonder
is the actual Atlantic Ocean it's a very
interesting part of the world Owen Owens
ever been here before
this is Jamaica Bay Queens
never in my life live it out here look
at these houses that are just on stilts
over the water and this is Queens New
York this is New York City
this is the coolest boat I've ever seen
it's got a diving board a rope swing a
waterslide two trampolines what else is
on that boat two trampolines rope swing
three different levels of high dives a
motor and a bunch of kids climbing all
over it and a water slip in this thing
incredible
just is not carefully in both being fun
slip the best thing to jump off I like
the diving board because like it's so
high like you feel like you're gonna
smack your face in obliterate the best
thing in the world because you swing off
and then at the end II let you climb
back up I thought I'm going within that
rope is awesome opponents you want to go
on this thing yes I feel like we're a
little old for the Tarzan boat swim out
there and meet him I wish there were an
easier way
come on the Tarzan bow Oh what's the
verdict you know slap somebody do a flip
I'll do a flip
that was a ridiculously super stupid fun
afternoon heading back to the city now
more like super late owen missed his
train he's trying to reschedule I got a
milkshake and an Egg McMuffin yes
oh and don't you kind of feel that the
that Tarzan boat thing is something
you'll see on BuzzFeed in like four
years that says can you believe this
actually existed before it like the fact
there's a relationship between danger
and fun
take a selfie yeah everybody I make some
fans here
