hey Bailey last time I put you in the
vlog everybody went crazy for you so you
have some fans on the Internet you wanna
say anything that you want me to put
your phone number in their description
thank you
today's episode this this is going to be
less of a fun episode less of a happy
one this one it's going to be
sentimental and maybe a little sad thank
you bye thank you very much
and this and I are on a road mission to
go to Connecticut we are not going there
for a fun weekend at the beach not this
time we're gonna see my dad and then go
home we gotta say hello to the old man
and then we got to get to work yeah we
don't like that car I know we didn't I
know it acts funny bye dad
we're almost there
are you getting Saturn nostalgic at all
Candace all right me too
we're here what we're doing here what
we're doing today is we're packing up
the Connecticut house because we're
selling it and it goes in the market
this week
this house buying this house is like one
of the most proud moments of my entire
life
see this neighborhood with the cool
beach I didn't grow up here I grew up in
kind of like a less nice part of the
hood across the river I always wanted to
live here and after Owen my older kid
after his mom and I broke up I you know
I immediately moved to New York City but
I would come back here three days a week
so I'd be in New York City Monday
Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday I'd be
here to be with my kiddo and at first we
didn't have a place to stay we sit in
the Attic of my dad's coffee shop for a
while we stayed on my grandmother's
couch and like slowly creeped up like
eventually we got this tiny apartment
where he and I slept on bunk beds we
rented this small house and then
today is November 20th November 20th
mm no September 20th 2009 and that was
like such it was such a big moment for
me or the first time I opened the door
after I closed on the house I had the
keys and we walked through the door and
I was like this is our home now and if
you can imagine what it feels like to
explain to your kid why you're sleeping
in an unfurnished attic as a parent like
that was humiliating for me maybe even
sort of you can sort of flip that over
like in verse that that was the pride
that I felt when I finally bought this
house for own and me
what are you doing going to the house
what's special about today
if you made a lot of money out of your
music morning I mean what is almost
almost a lot familiar to you yes a good
question
have you made millions of dollars no are
you a rich man when you know it's
watching me you have a lot of
possessions money in the bank Fuzzy's
can make you rich this is life
now this shirt I just found look it I
made this for Candace like 10 years ago
and look this is Candace Simeon South
Africa 2006 this was 10 years ago look
how young this house made me feel like a
grown up
one of the reasons why I love Candace so
much is that when we started dating the
first time she came to Connecticut with
me she slept on the couch at my Nana's
house cuz onna I didn't have a place to
stay here so when I liked the journey
that was this house and Candace and
everything like she was around and it
was like really when our lives were like
really kind of when we really struggled
yeah all right are you gonna get dressed
or just wear a towel home you look great
life goes on and Owen hasn't been a baby
for a while he's going to college in
like two weeks this house and last
couple years has gone from this like the
thing of pride in my life to this burden
because we feel like we have to come
here it's very hard to get here with the
baby
Owen doesn't even want to hang out here
anymore cuz he has like a car and a job
and life just keeps going you've got to
keep living man Li V I am
all right that's it most Leslie the last
or at least close to the last time I'll
ever walk out of that door again
what a sad sad
it's helping with
no let's take a picture
