yeah but if you walk that not playing
that in Reverse the dog walks backwards
it is 7:40 in the am hearing Vancouver
British Columbia today's the big day
we're doing all kinds of crazy fun stuff
today including helicopters and icebergs
in Oh bad news we're not going to get to
play with the polar bear and the grizzly
bear today because the place where they
it's not happening we still have like
one of the most ridiculous days of my
entire life planned ahead Oscars
sleeping look a lot boysson time to go
okay how many minutes do you have mmm 15
20 stinks in there what's going on yeah
all right well I just I just woke up His
Royal Highness oscar Boysen but we're
we're ready to go packing up all my
camera gear now we have to be super
diligent with what we take because you
want to take so much in a helicopter so
I'm leaving behind all non-essential
gear and bringing all the really
important stuff like camera batteries
on our way now to meet Bradley he's at
the coffee place not sure the exact
plans but he just texted me saying we're
ahead of schedule which is very rare for
me to leave at 6:30
he's probably well here
really morning morning all right we're
here at ravans HQ this is part of the
squad that's gonna come with us
cameras ready here here's what else have
we been doing 45 minute we've talked
here dude this place is designed myself
myself everything I didn't do there's a
story to this crazy bachelor pad that
this guy lived in he was on the home
page of Reddit because you I think it
was well but I don't understand them I
can understand well you have to be 18
plus to see a picture of girls in
bikinis on your kitchen counter okay
they they can't get not-safe-for-work
heidi's this is my doing on my phone
that's bigger
this picture is why this apartment was
on the home page of Reddit look that's
this counter with all these bikini girls
did you kick him out after that what do
you tell me now more than bikinis
no that was my fridge during the 2002
but do you know who that is yeah that's
like that's Jon Snow yeah I'm doing your
apartment they showed up randomly
promise so
all right first thing is for everyone
revolution the main rotor does at the
top safety but little one at the back
does five to six revolutions also at the
perfect height to your head right oh if
I have a heart attack we're on top of
the mountain flip this button to on
you'll get a red blinking light right
here two hours later a really big
helicopter from 440 to Comox shows up
I've had it happen once I'm ready to go
man it's time it's time
you ready badly you ready buddy just
putting the dog in and then we're gonna
be airborne how you doing back there
Oscar solid excited you and that Lee
yeah we're getting acquainted just put
this right pardon the interruption in
today's exciting episode of the vlog
okay this is a little bit of a conflict
right now is like the day after whenever
I shot that I'm gonna end like the vlog
they're like I'm not going to show what
happened after we took off in the
helicopter and and the reason why is
like because I cut like this awesome
short video but I don't release that
short video until Thursday so and then I
don't want to show behind the scenes cuz
that'll make like I don't want to show
what happened because then that won't
make sense when I do release the short
video so when I released a short video
later in the week I'll release another
episode that's what happened behind the
scenes but for now this episode just
have this gigantic hole in it being
filled by us sitting here right now and
then it's gonna pick back up when the
day is over there's anything else I can
say like so like they don't write mean
comments hmm I'm sorry I just say you
gotta trust me on this one
that's it right yeah look at this see
that see that that's how long I've been
sitting here editing ok back to the
episode it's nearly midnight we are
finally back there's the helicopter
there's Brad I can't believe that after
everything we did say that can't be
matter consider their failure it was
like the greatest day ever so who gives
it all so you should subscribe to Brad's
YouTube channel because I'm going back
to New York but he'll be here in British
Columbia flying helicopters
that summarizes how the day way though
