Hey so this is an experimental video
this is kind of a tour of my studios
that we shot in this homemade drone
we're calling it a hummingbird drone
it's like this big little camera on top
and we fly it around and through the
spaces this isn't a regular video this
is kind of experimental love to hear
your thoughts
okay ready ready ready
I didn't care about kind of cool what do
you think there's a lot more we can do
with this kind of technology I'm really
excited about it
two things first here's a little
side-by-side of what it looked like
straight from the camera like straight
from the hummingbird drone before we
processed it
okay that shows how much work we had to
do in post-production to make it look
like it did in like the finished video
the second thing the last thing I want
to say is in the description below
you'll find a link to drone works
channel and there's a whole description
explanation tutorial video of exactly
how the hummingbird drone was built if
you want to build one yourself to
experiment with this kind of
cinematography and then I guess that's
it that's it right mm-hmm that's it
we'll see you soon here on 360
