are you playing pokemons excuse me are
you playing pokemons yeah are you
playing Pokemon for me are you playing
pokemons yeah
sees me are you playing Pokemon sorry
are you playing pokemons yeah all right
yeah Pokemon are you playing Pokemon
yeah yeah playing Pokemon go excuse me
sorry we're running never have I ever
seen the world so captivated by a video
game before
Pokemon's in the last couple days these
two words have dominated every news
article every social media feed
everywhere I look I see pokemons go a
wildly popular new cell phone video game
Pokemon girl called Pokemon go Pokemon
go people are glued to their cell phones
how much time a day to go spend playing
the whole day like 60 morning to go like
12 in the morning the next day throat if
I bought a portable charger which I tied
to my belt this is just the Pokemon yeah
what does this mean it's the focus time
I don't look what else am I looking at
yeah there's like a Goldeen right there
that's a Pokemon the tap on and then
capture oh that's a meow - you saw that
all I want is electric tester so you
need okay talking about you don't know
how to play pokemon basically you have
the yep types so like if you have a
flying-type the best way to get to be
against a flying-type is to use it under
an electric type it's to be 228 years
old in cotton up yeah it's a little
embarrassing
we just kind of have to fight because
everyone else is playing you like
everything is like it's a big community
right here like I don't know these
people I met him yesterday and we're
talking like with old friends right now
it's just cool I like having to go out
and do something it just gets you
outside it gets you outside and like
interactive that is commitment
police say criminals are also taking
advantage of the game one of the game's
features could help criminals even
walking can be dangerous distracted
Pokemon go users have reported a number
of unforeseen problems as well I like
ran into a bush you better be careful
how's it have a negative impact on your
life in any way I mean let me get a
thousand exercise for this very problem
are you playing Pokemon yeah yeah you're
playing game oh do you think there's
anything bad about it I think it has a
calming effect especially at this time
where there's a lot of like tension are
you guys playing Pokemon yeah we are
negative aspects about yeah I don't
think there aren't really any how are
you in med school and playing Pokemon
I'm Asian Pokemon med school kind of
makes sense you guys playing Pokemon
yeah
M is my real test to train them is my
god
are you playing Pokemon yes
they'rethey're pokemons
are you putting pokemons lucky one are
you playing hooky yes yes I guess
everybody
are you guys playing Pokemon yes we are
that's no thing I've waited 15 years but
it's off
I literally ordered this suit from China
like a month ago I wasn't sure what to
do with it I just wanted it for my
collection
