scooted about a loopy scoot what's up
I'm gonna Graham never settle for less
man yo I'm saying loopy scoop are you
smoking a joint right now so there's
this one thing I do in the summertime in
New York City and I I think of it all
year long and I do it every sunny warm
day in the city in the summer and it's
stupid but it's this it's not running
you already know how happy running mix
let's eat five miles from from my house
and where I start there are these rocks
and I get to these rocks and it's hot
it's like scalding hot like a hot to the
touch hot but I just lay here and I just
cook and I close my eyes but I just kind
of like meditate and think and focus for
like 20 minutes maybe it's the heat or
the Sun I don't know what it is but this
is a kind of focus I can never find in
life and then when I get so hot I can't
take it anymore run five miles home and
then I start my day but I start my day
feeling like fresher and newer than I've
done anything else I love it I have a
cut I have a joke okay go you want to
hear the guy who curse I did you hear
about the guy who got his left side shot
off his list no I didn't hear about the
guy got his left side shut up oh it's
fine he's alright now they save it
that's gonna break that thank you I'll
see you later all right it's tech review
Tuesday and I have an idea wait I've got
a question my intro a secret no question
mmm in the video that you posted the
other day you were like really like sad
and upset you were like crying mmm this
is me and me being honest but I didn't
understand why you were so upset was it
really
about one video or is there something
deeper that you need to talk about I
don't know if I'm going through a downer
either I'm up oh I'm down this note like
there's no middle ground that's just me
I'm like one of those deeper dudes you
know wait are you down right now no I'm
up I think are you bummed out we like
talk if you know we're not to make
videos no Bria I like to make videos
okay so here's my idea since today's
tech review Tuesday Dan I was thinking
instead of like just reviewing a piece
of hardware I have an idea
every great TV show uses the same intro
to every episode like so I want to have
a more consistent intro for this show
that's going to be the new three six
eight intro and I'm going to show you
how I do it what equipment I use and
that's gonna be tech Tuesday what do you
think oh I think it's good
all right so what's going on right here
is we put a cell phone with time-lapse
mode into this spinny it's called a
camel app egg timer it's an egg timer
cost 25 bucks then you turn your cell
phone on to time-lapse mode you hit
record it spins and captures a
time-lapse it's amazing it's dirt cheap
it looks like
so that shot light captures New York
City it captures the movement that
happens here and that'll make up one
tiny piece of this new cinematic oh good
I'm getting on the boosted board okay
we're shooting something right now
that's like a moving time-lapse in front
of one of my favorite restaurants in New
York City Previn here is gonna shoot it
he's really good at this stuff and
basically I stand still the camera moves
around me and it's this time-lapse but
it's a really dynamic effect you go to
stay behind so now we're gonna go get
that exact shot in like two or three
more locations and stitch them all
together so it feels like a 360 all
right so we're gonna finish the 360 so
what we just shot was a 180 around me
and now we're gonna do the 360 around we
were going to do this in front of juice
press so it looks like that Kinect on
180 and a 180 and you've got and then
you've got a full circle and a juice for
Dan I've gotten to know Casey pretty
well and he doesn't do well standing
throws
this is gonna be kind of hard for him
dude am I not in the shot I'm pretty
sure what do we do we go just now yeah
it's Ibiza
he's a sweat marks from a hard-working
South African male man
you notice there's like a lot of
friendly faces in New York City today
more than I've ever seen
you
talk me through this last effect we're
going to be doing here so imagine an
infinite zoom slowly but then you just
chop off the in and out points I don't
understand what you're talking about
there's nobody I understand what you're
talking about so like no no let's just
show show it again dad how are you do
that getting hit by a car really he's
doing a really long zoom zero then we're
gonna do another zoom down there I start
connecting the zooms together so you
look like it's zooming zooming forever
done guys so now we go one block closer
do the same shot when we stitch all
these together oh it's right here
okay then looking good okay so this is
going to be shot number two shot number
two of either three or four to take us
like a half a mile down Broadway right
to the studio all right so this is three
of four Darren green light green light
green light
it's a red light myself it doesn't even
matter it's a red light
no okay it is a red light guys having a
bad day yeah that guy hurt your feelings
yo dude didn't you watch my video
amaretti sensitive rude I'm gonna go I'm
gonna have a proper cry can we please I
think I think today was a smashing
success this intro is gonna be a Dan
maced case you know it's that collabo
Cola collab I'm gonna go run you'll send
me that yeah I'll send it to you tonight
accord I call it way to work on the
knife you want you want to go run right
now definitely but if any I don't have
the stupid in it I mean I played I do
you don't actually you know I didn't
need a second run but I've been thinking
about it all day very happy that I got
it in okay and now I present for the
first time ever the new I'm probably
gonna change it but the new intro for
the 368 vlog ready in three two one
you
you
