that's a nice neckline and well that
doesn't really doesn't really suit me at
all does it
I've never had a goatee before and for
good reason mmm like a really wimpy Hulk
Hogan yeah alright no I can't do it like
a 14 year old there just grew his first
mustache no I think it's just gonna be
clean-cut Casey back to old mmm
I like the beard I think I'm gonna keep
it
I didn't know I didn't I didn't actually
keep the beard I just shot that scene
first and then put it at the end of the
sequence clean-cut Casey here to stay
yeah a little bummed out yesterday
because I thought Dan was back yesterday
morning and he wasn't but then he came
back last night long story long Dan's
back really gave me a fright we're all
jet-lagged and a bloody history really
dude I don't even know what's going on
is that were you attacked me at 5:00
this morning you're up at 2:00
where have you been by the way we're
going to a place called Birmingham okay
so England gnarly and then I went to
Austria into the mountains to see your
dad yeah let me and everyone else just
say to you Dan welcome back thank you
myself thank you
dude you know what I've realized dan is
back we're starting this off right we're
gonna go get some what's up we're gonna
go get some green healthy juice some
nice vegan no dude I don't run green
juice come on
I found a guy on Twitter whose name is
Dan mace so I figured there was that
movie yeah I thought so somebody on
Twitter has Dan name has at Dan mace
don't get my heart I'm no no he's a
great guy so I messaged him on Twitter
and I said through what does it take for
me to get that name to get that what
does it take for me to get the the name
without to ends and he message back
saying if you challenge me and a thumb
war and beat me I'll give me that name
so dude I'm like screw that like I'm
gonna fly this and I got there and like
nothing went to plan right from the
get-go
but how do you screw up a thumb war no
the thumb war didn't even happen
that is nice I know that we're all
sitting there like 3:00 a.m. in my
boxers on the floor it's 2:30 a.m.
Monday morning nothing like what's going
on I'm like how did how did it fail how
did you know I had a mental block I got
there you fail I that's what I'm saying
I flew the whole way there and it was
your it was my fault
really like and then it came to me Bri I
had to fly to Austria
I flew in and I went to go and find this
place which I can't like if I said it's
gonna ruin my mood I failed badly but
now I think I ended up winning because
my phone's like 10 times better all
right
we didn't go get juice because we came
here milkshakes and said if you've never
been to this place you've never been
here hmm I just saw a good route oh yeah
you've never been in this place I'm
friends with the owner he's a great guy
how was that shake dance it was three
seas I get the vibe yourself in New York
City come to black tap for some sick
note some thick milkshake think
I know you've got a secret but I know
you get a key
does it look different in here did she
piss me but they're lighting dude
amazing very it's happening with the
kitchen done on the left no I did did
with the movie screen you know what
movie screening look at that 77 sure
damn we even put plexi in front of it so
you and I don't break it this TV is 77
87 its massive we can screen I thought
we were shooting the podcast at 4:30
you said 4:30 so 5:15 or we can't miss
it this week on set up now how awesome
is our kitchen it's so good you ever
like look at all this look it we even
have all this stuff hanging it's pro and
did you see our living room yes gross
what are you doing no don't do that
that's disgusting well cuz I was telling
them my heartburn now I'm not even
comfortable women let me set picture now
this is you know yet there's a nipple
alright are you ready to pause Badgett
let me see that badge I'm not showing
that are you ready to applaud chest and
audios up all cameras are good I don't
know if girls at home I don't know if
you listen to or keep up with our
podcast which we Candice and I were very
good podcasters we're very very bad at
what am I trying to say what that is
we've got it we're terrible when it
comes to commitment tell them why it's
awesome
Candice
download it and listen oh snap that's
insane
are you uncomfortable yeah okay okay
let's start let's start we're starting
now wait wait how do you think it went
this week twice this week twice while we
were recording the podcast Candace said
I just peed my pants your dog you know
shut the door this is like my office
wake up caps oh sorry but I forgot
rupees maybe make this the end of your
vlog the foremost talking about when
were having milkshakes is live so go
check it out I don't know if it's gonna
be in the description like yeah
somewhere maybe go check it out
