hold it correctly if you're gonna do it
you have to do it right like that and so
I can see your face in there a little
bit you've got a nice face I can't see
me now you have to hold it out further
nice job Candice thing is heavy
I know it's heavy they're gonna touch
the focus point you're doing great today
we are hosting Owens high school
graduation party at our house that
involves a barbecue a lot of guests I'm
not sure what else but it's gonna be a
lot we're grabbing up coffee then we're
gonna go buy it the last-minute
provisions for the party including light
bulbs and what else did I say we need
toilet paper probably in toilet paper
everyone loves toilet paper at a party
and then we'll be back by 1:00 because
people show up at 3:00 in the party pity
maybe it's not a coffee shop anymore
we're back home now forget the water so
you have two toilet paper
we got the deer time to get ready yeah
come in with a barbecue scimitar I'm
pretty excited about that and then my
dad my dad's supposed to bring dessert
so this is what it looks like before
just a big empty yard
we've been planning this party for about
three months now
all the preparations are that the
caterer the barbecue all the food the
stuff we got this morning we've got
chairs you get people setting up the
chairs everything is set the party
starts in two hours it's just our de
rain outside it is now just a bonafide
downpour funny right yeah it is porn
outside
straight-up porn hardcore porn outside
what do we do I mean I guess when she
said would you like to attend and you
said no we'll deal with it I know rain
she probably shows us your intent this
is not a sprinkle this is not a light
shower this is rain no what am I
supposed to do about this rain you'll be
fine why do you say that because I just
have a feeling it's your parts of I said
so much rain
there's summit rain
you has an attempt for me oh you're
picking up the canopy sure I am hey how
good can I have one of these gigantic
congrats Brad balloons I don't really
know what's going on here but I'm
definitely buying up their supply of
balloons yeah this is great
look at this warehouse man you guys are
not messing around back here okay I'll
take it
Wow perfect no no I'll take this one I
like the blue
thank you you're welcome all right take
care the rains letting up a little bit
on my way back home I have about 40
balloons in the back in one guy Gant ik
tent that has these like xvs style
instructions party starts in an hour and
20 minutes I'm feeling optimistic oh
yeah there's the caterer barbecue smoke
and everything alright this tents
happening we are loading it my friend
Joe is here to help my friend Andrews
here to help we have one more person
here also look at this smoker it is
smoking all right how's it coming along
thank God we got this 10 - spikes per
its two spikes right now
we got the tent up but it lacks any
structural integrity
it is nice and dry under here though
reporting live from the upstairs
bathroom it naturally stopped raining
about five minutes after we got that
tent up but everything's going well down
there
barbecue is being served balloons went
over really well especially those beep
uh-oh I think this is a wildly
successful graduation party
I can't wait to host another one for
Francine in 17 short years she's a
smoker a smoker
that's the smoker Oh chicken oh man now
could a human climb in there and sleep
say they were really interested in
barbecue yes it would cook them slowly
Candace how do you think the graduation
party went it was a success I think it
was a success it was nice the food was
good kids are well behaved the Sun came
out we're going to the beach now all the
kids are gonna jump in the water no
they're not
this is the first and only challenge
video ever
here's how you fire yesterday how much
does it take the staring contest
what does the water have to ok business
any kindness we have to completely fill
your mouth up with water
no no I won't cause you're gonna laugh
first don't spit on that way you do know
where the blade is - don't look at me
don't ya think my hair I just watched my
area that's sick
