all right so it's happening right now
just outside there and super
uncomfortable around naked be full but
not all those people down there
completely naked
I'm back
I'm officially back paternity baby new
baby leave is officially over and I'm
back good to be back
starting this week off with a 1 plus at
the cell phone manufacturer oneplus
launch event happening right here which
one's better the soft black or the shiny
black I like them like the the soft I'm
too pretty a Bliss Spa Casey
I think it's really good though I think
for $549 legit and also I feel like the
fact that they're going on t-mobile is
going to make it all the difference like
I feel used to be popular if I just put
you saying that in the video does that
mean I don't have to make a tech review
no definitely not I feel like people are
here trustee review thanks
great event oneplus thank you for having
me
expect a a full comprehensive review on
the one plus six t we have a lot to
catch up on I've been gone for well like
baby paternity leave has been almost a
month I have to say is very healthy I I
don't think I took any time off when
Francine was born and I don't know when
you have a newborn you just like sit
around a lot but it was a lot of time
spent with Candace and super positive
you have anything to say about how how's
life with the baby
hey great okay are you happy to be back
at work
instead of my office why are two in your
office because I wanted to see
okay okay you want to talk about all
those naked people how many people are
up there fashion
what do they miss nothing just the
absolutely bum rush the Cortlandt alley
and we did a outdoor work and here we go
human body is a beautiful whatever is
super-weird
okay that guy the photographer his name
is Spencer here we go 1 2 3 in Spencer
Spencer Tunick is his full name
he's a very prestigious artist he does
these installations where he gets like
hundreds of people thousands of people
and they're naked and they kind of stand
there they do something and he does it
all over the world in locations of
significance and it's pretty amazing
and for that he's that he is he's a
celebrated artist he's an
internationally recognized artist he's
been in museums and art galleries all
over the place and when he asked me if
he could do one of his shoots at three
six eight all those people down there
completely naked are gonna keep I'm
gonna keep this shot super wide so you
can't really get too detailed but
and then he asked if I would come and be
there for it I mean not to take off my
clothes I'm like way too immature for
that but just to physically be there I'm
a little too mature for this too but I
because he's my friend and it's my space
I went and said hi
but this look this is one of those
things were like I'm I'm very glad I did
I'm glad to be a part of this cuz
Spencer's amazing and to be part of the
legacy that is his like his artwork in
his career it's a big okay this is
Spencer Tunick Spencer is the artist
behind all the nude nests here in the
studio where do you find all of your
willing participants like we're these
people today come from everyone from
artists to lawyers to doctors and do you
have like a running list of people who
are willing to be photographed naked or
you like post something somewhere my
list I have a hundred thousand people on
my list on my website that are willing
to be ragged they're kind of like
Minutemen I could push a button and they
could show up anywhere and what what's
been to date what's been your biggest
like most ambitious I photographed
18,000 people in the zocalo in Mexico
City where can the people at home see
like some of the work that you shot
today are some of your other work okay
you can go to Spencer Tunick calm or my
Instagram at Spencer Tunick and you're
gonna post pictures from today on there
yes I'm going to post photographs from
today and all of your pictures on
Instagram are are censored for Instagram
right
okay awesome that's more naked people
it's not their clothes Spencer thank you
he's someone that I met in the New York
City Art scene a very long time ago but
I'm a big fan of his work and if you can
if you're mature enough to look past all
the nudity which I'm like sort of mature
enough to almost pass all the nudity he
really does absolutely
he makes absolutely amazing artworks
check him out here we go all right here
we go guys can't do this here that's
about this is awesome
it's great it's great to be back it's
great to be back it's great to making
videos again I I genuinely get depressed
if I'm not making videos all the time
and and and and I I appreciate the need
for family leave but I gotta get back to
making more videos one quick question
that happy before I sign off today is I
haven't done mail time in probably six
months and it's a little out of control
if I were to make like just a really
long really boring video of me opening
all this crap I mean all these other
stuff I don't want to sound ungrateful I
appreciate it would you watch that or is
that just sound terrible
alright let me know ok see you soon see
you tomorrow probably see you tomorrow
