if this video looks and sounds different
from my normal videos it's because this
video this episode of tech review
Tuesday was shot almost entirely on the
Sony rx100 mark 6 point-and-shoot
cameras see that little guy there
normally I shoot on big SLR cameras like
what's behind it but today I'm shooting
the entire episode just on this little
point shoot
hmm pretty cool so I've been using this
camera now for about a week and I can
tell you without hesitation it is by far
the best point-and-shoot video camera
ever made so this video isn't about
whether it's good or not this video
answers or tries to answer one very
simple question is it worth the
absolutely insane price tag of $1,200
$1,200 for a point shoot cameras okay ah
see watch me when I do those feeling fly
drinking drogyn with my pot noodles
smoker herbs
as far as specs kill this thing is
Oh
Oh kids were great as far as specs go
this has all the high-end specs that you
would expect including 4k this entire
video is in for occasion switch it over
this is really really great high frame
recording or slow motion ready this
entire next scene right here was shot on
this camera at 240 frames a second is
wildly impressive stuff coming from a
point ship but there's one main feature
of this camera that I want to spend most
of this review on and the main feature I
want to focus on the main differentiator
from this camera from its predecessor
this is the mark 5 this is the mark 6 is
this new lens on it and this lens
effectively goes from like this shout
which is about 24 millimeters it's a
wide-angle shot to a crazy 200
millimeters ooh watch this ready still
zooming
which effectively gives you like a crazy
telephoto lens and a wide-angle in one
camera that will it's this size that
fits in your pocket that's a huge deal
to appreciate that is to appreciate
cinematography
cinematography 101 with Casey at its
most basic all shots all cinematography
all shots fall into one of three
categories first category the close-up
close-ups are great for intimacy or
emphasis or you know what you know to
close up this
the medium a medium is this it's like
this at 90% of all YouTube videos
they're all shot in media then last last
is the why too wide the white is the big
shot that's meant to show context it
shows where you are this is every shot
falls into one of these three categories
in any in any movie any TV show you've
seen leverages some version of all three
of these shots
this is a huge deal or a huge deal for
me for for one big reason and that's
that and that's that I'm told now to
achieve those three different shot
categories I've had to have a camera
like this with a wide-angle lens that
looks like this and then if I want to
get those long shots those uh those
close-ups or those flat shots where the
shots that show distance or perspective
I had over a long lens that looks like
this so I guess the $1,200 question is
can this one compact camera replace
these three things and that that brings
me back the very question that I posed
at the beginning of this video which is
is this thing worth $1200 I really think
in order to consider that question
question you have to look at what else
you can get for tall under bucks I think
budgets for like a YouTube camera set up
I think like what can you do for a
hundred bucks for 300 bucks for 500
bucks but when you start to get into the
1012 hundred dollar range you can do and
buy almost anything
for example the cameras I showed you
earlier this is a Canon a TD this is
their kind of crappy but whatever zoom
lens and then this is their super crappy
plastic wide-angle lens you can get all
three of these camera stuffs you can get
all three of these for the same price as
this point shoot camera see on Amazon
you can get the ATD with these two
lenses and all other crap
for 85 bucks less than this point shoot
these three things or you can get this
point and shoot camera and I should say
for emphasis that the majority of my
youtube career was built with this
camera and these
you can do most anything with this so
it's hard to imagine why you would
invest your whole budget in pointe shoes
instead of buying something more dynamic
unless your priority is size and compact
knits
one thing that this camera can do that
an SLR can't do
last two features of this camera I need
to discuss my favorite and my least
favorite first my favorite you can
charge this camera just like its
predecessor by just plugging in a micro
USB cable like this little cable here
which everybody has they sell in every
drugstore in America you just plug it in
and it starts charging if you have one
of these batteries on the road it's this
is a feature that should be on every
single point shoot Sony thank you for
putting this here and my least favorite
part of the Sony rx100 Mark 6 Sony I
don't know what you were thinking
there's no microphone there's no audio
input on this camera so in addition to
not having a place to to mount it this
is what the top looks like there's no
place to mount the microphone also know
where to plug it in not people that have
external audio on this camera will
always limit its capabilities so that
concludes my review of the Sony rx100
Mark 6 I hope it was helpful to answer
the question that I started this out
with is this camera worth $1200 to or
500 bucks less there's no question but
for now it's gonna be a difficult sell
incredible device really tricky price
