you guys are a lot better with a soccer
ball than you are to get for it
got it
Dhar that's better
hello and welcome to another exciting
episode of I know it's been like a year
and app I don't have a name for this
show this vlog
alright this week's kind of a total mean
stress out I was trying to figure out
how to navigate the stress out and I
thought that I would just talk about it
to my therapist which is all of you the
name of the game today is premier I need
like a point today's all about cranny
and entire week's worth of work into one
day because tomorrow is a travel day
travel days are wasted days nothing gets
done on travel days then the thing that
I'm traveling to on Wednesday is this
conference conferences are really great
they're a lot of fun but you don't get
actual work done Thursday I got to come
home from that conference travel day
wasted day a nothing day Friday where
I'm taking care of all the things that I
didn't do on Thursday Wednesday and
Tuesday so that's my week give me a lot
of fun I'm really looking forward to it
but not a lot of like
welcome to nerve again like truth or
dare - the truth Watchers pay to watch
players play to win cash and glory who
are you a launcher or a player are you a
watcher or a player are you a watcher
playing look at these lists very sketchy
look at ready wait look they pause on my
face that's me it's alright it looks
better than that Emma Robert he's like
an actual take a few risks everyone
tomorrow I haven't seen the movie yet I
hope it's good it better be good
my friends directed it so even if it
sucks I'm gonna say it's really good
because I love those guys but they've
never made a bad movie I bet it's really
good it comes out all right doesn't come
out for like three months this dude he's
in town I'm going to meet him right now
Oh snut what you guys doing out here do
some freestyle football what's up hey
Casey I'm Daniel it's really nice to
meet you
good to meet you so this guy here is the
Danish champion a freestyle and this guy
here is Norwegian champion and European
champions this is a this is its own
sport yes it's huge
yeah it's getting here what's a call
freestyle football tell to tell them
where you're performing Toledo okay we
were performing at Radio City Hall and
yeah you know the Kardashian were there
Miley Cyrus a lot of big names showing
all my ex-girlfriends cut actually it's
Miley Cyrus I'm just gonna do very slow
just don't send in the water please okay
so show me show me your best moves here
oh man he's got it
Oh
dude great to finally meet you to see
Jessie's name's Alicia hanging out guys
add me on tinder everyone I'd be on
tinder
man that was fun
I need to take breaks like this more
often I know every time I take a break
with this I say I need to take breaks
like this more often but I need to take
breaks like this more often
skateboard yeah it's electric right
don't Sora's yeah here's the thing
they're not allowed it works properly
even on the bike path just consider
parks property that's a $500 summons
well yeah so write it on the freeway you
could but that's yours up to your safety
net I wouldn't suggest it but yeah I
believe in the rule of law
I really genuinely do except when you
don't think those rules are just
and that's unjust that I can ride in the
middle of a freeway and that's okay but
I can't ride on a path that's meant for
wielded vehicles with full respect to
that officer in the NYPD and whatever
all made that law I'm gonna ride back on
that bike path every day
yeah
that's a bad day right there
thank you very much
Green what's happening I'm being today
Jack give me the give me the update
catch channel is feature there's a cats
cats and I've gotten kind of a mixed
response like a don't like it let me see
your phone
so all the lists on beam are human
curated they're all curated by this
human nice work with cats Jack did you
have to search to find all these cats do
you have any more swag da exact yes well
I have a skateboard giving away to
skateboard so far we have one more
coming this week I'm giving it away to
not specific individual videos but users
so users who are like posting kebab
winners I should probably write that
again dad you go alright thanks you have
or not
I'm not more than one thank you
more idiot little dude thank you no
thank you
mom's working late tonight Franny and I
like to come down here this is our chill
spot why did you throw it that means
it's time for bed
sorry what happened to the pigeon what
happened to it
