do you run
good eat Electric skateboards
I woke up feeling unbelievable today
like my house on drugs I think it's
because last night I like passed out
solid seven seven F hours of sleep which
I haven't done in probably a week
today's gonna be a great day
remember a couple weeks ago when I was
hanging out with the CEO of juice press
the place where you feed on my fancy
juice he was a cool guy this is a gift
card to juice press 500 smackers so much
juice that is it's kind of embarrassing
since I fell off my skateboard and hurt
my back I haven't really been able to
run and maybe it's just me but when I
don't exercise I also struggle to eat
healthy I went for a run this morning it
was good like six miles nice and easy
and then I get this juice card I think
this is the universe telling me it's
time to get my shit together and get
back to being healthy Casey will give
you one guess where I've had it juice
I'm going to get you
I think the last time we met exact same
mouth I try to wear the same outfit
every day I definitely had on the same
outfit I'm positively woods well they
look like they're more limber how's your
juice so good I'm still a little slow
for my injury and I want to run tomorrow
tomorrow as long as you tolerate my slow
makes seven
then is a champion runner then who holds
the record for the Brooklyn yeah this
guy it's that that's that I gotta go now
though all right dude
see you tomorrow I'll text you later hey
man
ow
hey hey what's up guys I see Carleen
welcome come in Oscar there is a story
that I wanted to share we were like in
our early 20s we were in Paris for some
ungodly reason and we were like walking
down the street with nothing to do in
the middle of the night we saw a party
on like the fifth floor of some building
no we were like lingering in the
stairwell for three or four minutes and
we were just waiting and waiting but we
knew no one not one person there but
somebody thought we knew somebody else
they just let us hang out and we ended
up sleeping in the apartment come look
at this okay this is how the night
started that's Oscar picking up a dead
pigeon seems like the right thing to do
that's Oscar befriending the dead pigeon
what were you thinking it just seemed
like a good photo I don't know that's
Oscar bro and oh that is just sad
okay these are people faces because I
know these people are this is at the
party that Oscar I completely crashed
look at this guy
savage nobody spoke English we don't
speak a lick of French this nail polish
that young Casey has on his fingernails
this is just this is Oscar time asleep
on top of a strange man on a futon at
the strangest I actually still stay in
touch with that
and I think I have this picture of you
leaving this is like 6:00 in the morning
where we left that place party crashers
awestruck good to see you fairly nice to
meet you
bye guys pour voir Oscar
I love that guy Oscar is one of my
closest friends check out his youtube
channel he's got some weird fun stuff up
there but definitely subscribe to Oscars
channel one thing I've been trying to do
more of something I've been really
putting effort into working harder at is
leaving the office earlier that little
baby's so cute and she's so little and
she's not gonna be little for much
longer and I feel like that has to be
number one always and then work is work
love my work I love it and I can get
caught up in it and I can forget this is
the part where the young Don Vito kills
the old mob boss and the name of his
mother and then he takes out a knife
touch him open and then it's over
somebody asked me why I have The
Godfather one in The Godfather - I'm a
permanent loop in here and the reason
why is because it's the greatest movie
ever made and looking over and seeing it
is a constant source of inspiration
we're not going to depart fancy j.crew
is doing some sort of fashion show on
this pier we're taking the family by
family and baby to go have a look did
you say Dada Dada he shirts on this boat
that's at the invite said yes
today's Tuesday 11:00 Tuesday May 10th
with the day
River Parks pier 25 grand Bank 6:30 to 9
three monogrammed swimsuit
so that's wrong there well we have the
day wrong yeah it was yesterday doesn't
it look fun down there wait today's
Wednesday yeah we missed it is what you
call a total and absolute failure yeah
missed a major turn the event that we
were going to go to stop it he's like
jumping over his own way
then we were trying to go to was
yesterday not today it's not completely
canvasses fault birds mostly
I'm gonna go home hi we're going home
guys this we've got a crisis the baby
dropped her doll she dropped due to
dolly
dad going back gotta find her got never
mind
crisis averted I got it you have no idea
what did is dolly means the friend
scenes fencing if you love her so much
stop throwing her on the ground it's
just like my boots - Dora
