here we go good life Ania
nice to meet you thank you you said this
very famous aboard I was going to ride
it in the pouring rain and then a stab
pulled up so probably better than
breaking the boosted board and safer I'm
not one to complain about the rain cuz
nobody cares but it has been rainy in
New York City for six straight days
don't get excited
they're not mine it's always the
foreigners that can't figure out how to
get into this available income that
meaning dude you were stuck outside you
couldn't figure out the buzzer next door
it's so good I hope you have two
presents for you right here
I've been waiting Luthor you see yet to
lose the board's you gotta get one
you've got four I have one that is a
piece of crap here's the generic one oh
and we rode them side by side is it a
lot of different Sunday next to a
Lamborghini I'm gonna I'm gonna skate
you home
you look a traveling salesman come come
check out beam downstairs before we go I
love these rain so much I'll see you in
LA with no rain
I didn't want to figure out the ladder
today Friday was my first day back in
the office after a week of YouTube chaos
with the creator summit I had a lot of
catching up to do but is a pretty good
day I wasn't gonna go to the wedding but
Candice called me and she's like will
you come you're so good at weddings and
I am a great wedding partner I love to
dance and I'm terrible at it so I get
the party started but I don't make
anybody feel bad for their lack of
dancing skills I love wearing suits and
I'm great at the electric slide so we
gotta go meet the girl but it means out
the cut out of here right now and it's
10 after 4:00
I have to leave you with granny I'm
going to meet mama okay so go on doing
wedding we'll be back in two days okay
this trip isn't a surprise I mean as of
this morning Candace didn't think I was
going to make it but she knows I'm
coming now but she's very very excited
that I'm joining her if I make this
fight
I'll make the flight thank you really
bad weather for flying today but they
said they could get me out so hey you
oh yeah what is it the wind to the low
ceiling runner back
Oh
this is probably the 50th copra
purchased in my life but I lost my only
working one so I think this play is
boarding now I might be the first on
this plane looks like I'm the first
I was not the first person on the plane
been in the air for like two hours
I've been sound asleep for about an hour
and 55 minutes now I think it was Alan
out there I did not eat in-flight meal
passport control not psyched about my
camera all right right after I said that
thing about my camera then I went
through whatever it is where they check
your bags and they started freaking out
there's a drone in my backpack it was
like 20 minutes but got through got the
drone through gotta be honest I don't
know where we're gone what this place is
what this is about just following the
instructions and escape me in a text
message
honey honey good lord look at this room
honey well
whoa our own swimming pool do you want
to stand in the river do you want to go
out Wow
ready to go where are you going I
thought we were gonna meet your friends
come on nope I know you want to go to
sleep I don't want to go to sleep you
don't want to go out go to go out you
don't even like going out I love it Oh
what is up with this it's insane is that
our swimming pool did you have fun
without me but now that I'm here mm-hmm
I'll steal it
are there keys in it but they won't kick
us out there's no cheese no cuz they're
sticklers yeah what are we gonna do
I don't have bug spray on Tanika well
we're lost where you going we did not
last long at the bar we just came home
that's it for the first night here in
this hotel
Cantus you have anything to add yeah you
want me to drive yeah you better drive
