I've had this stomach ache that has been
like ah
fierce like crippling the old man thinks
it could be an appendicitis like where
they have to cut out your appendix good
job do I hope it's not bad yeah I'm not
looking forward to this at all well
Stanley what should we do
George going to hospital that we have to
go now yes well I'm outside the hospital
now out of triage is that 45-minute wait
before they give me a proper inspection
you know I don't feel sick I don't feel
like there's anything wrong with me but
Candace's dad is like an expert doctor
so if he says I need to cover the
hospital so I have a really severe pain
right here okay
all right she's worried about my
appendix but wants to make sure it's not
like that
some sort of infection okay yeah I think
that's my bed you seem fine to me
your dad said it's a 70% chance that
it's a problem yeah
I've got huge veins yeah you do I hate
that feeling
man that's like getting a needle shoved
under your skin and into your arm that's
what it feels like but seriously how do
you think I'm doing
you're such a baby I felt bad for you
when you're in pain last night I don't
feel bad for when you complain about my
new tattoo
so the CT scans done now I don't know we
just I think now they just like look to
see what's happening inside of my body
to make the determination as to whether
or not it actually is like an
appendicitis or something else so in any
event it is now 1:00 in the morning
Candice and her father left at like
10:30 they moved me from the emergency
room up into this private room which is
lovely
it's very nice up here I've got a
television and a window and now it's
just the waiting game so I think I just
like sleep or do whatever you do in a
hospital until 8:00 a.m. okay I'll see
you then all right nothing I did I just
get to come home they said they said I'm
a prime candidate for no operation 7:00
in the morning
703 in the morning I slept like a baby
last night I make him sleep anywhere I
slept particularly well in this hospital
last night
so before I went to bed they put me on
antibiotics that's what this whole
business and this whole business is
about and they said the antibiotics
might actually fix the problem this
morning the residents the doctors here
they said if I'd woken up and like was
in much more pain than I was in last
night that then I should get the surgery
but because I don't have more pain than
I had last night that I'm probably good
which is like tremendous news so right
now I'm just kind of chilling and I'm
waiting for the attending physician to
come
give me his opinion but yeah I think I
just got a night in the hospital I got
some great antibiotics no surgery and
that's where I'm at right now
Thank You doctors
okay huge news this story is over
I'm waiting for my pills and then we get
to go home the family's back
that's my surgery story all right
goodbye hospital thank you all of the
doctors and nurses for keeping me
healthy how does it shity 12 hours
