does that look clear Metin focus crispy
refrigerate upon arrival I want to say
this the camera before I open whatever
this package is this is filled with
cookies or candy something bad I'm
probably just to eat it because I need
some sugar
hi Casey were big fans you mentioned you
want to be serious about eating healthy
so I think we have a perfect organic
kale smoothies kale spirulina spirulina
broccoli parsley cabbage whoever sent me
all of these healthy green drinks thank
you very much
they look delicious and I'm really glad
that this wasn't a box of I'm really
glad it wasn't a box of candy
no I wish it were candy I wanted it to
be candy watch this guy load his
delivery truck
this is incredible this is a shot of the
studio from 2007 I get a ton of
questions about how I catalogue all of
my footage how I keep track of
everything and the truth is I am like
meticulous about everything every shot
I've ever taken is perfectly catalogued
some days like today I get stuck in this
like black hole of a vortex digging
through my old footage tonight they're
opening up that tiny Museum in the back
alley and I was gonna find some archival
footage and do this whole thing about it
instead I just like I want to show all
these old clips to you here is crazy
long-haired Casey and outrageous bikini
body Candice Cove vlogging together in
2008 this place is exactly like summer
camp
there is so much good footage from that
trip
unfortunately Candace is like topless in
most of it but I think instead of
shooting a regular episode today I'm
gonna I'm gonna use all this unused
footage from 2007 and tell the story of
canvas and KC pre Francine pre marriage
like pre everything we broke up after
this was like early in the relationship
get a little wet
I'm sorry for the bad image quality but
but here's back to the future blogging
from eight nine years ago my vlogging
style has not changed in ten years
the plane is broken everyone has to get
off
the bathrooms the only place on the
airplane where you have privacy like
your own personal office I have no idea
why she dated me when I had that haircut
I'm sure pre-mixing available and made a
bite
watching this back I really remember
what was going on here so let me share a
little context for you what do you think
of these recipes we had broken up and
gotten back together like a dozen times
and maybe like two months before we went
on this trip we broke up once and for
all like we're never getting back
together and they're like we got back
together and I thought maybe we both
thought that if we went on a trip
together we could fix all of our
problems and I think I can't find the
footage of us actually fight it I think
we gotten like this huge like
apocalyptic fight somewhere during this
trip and while we're there we just
agreed like when we get back to New York
City let's break up and agree never
speak to each other again because
there's no way this relationship is
gonna work are you waiting
yeah holy cow there your hair look at my
hair look at my head oh so disgusting
how could you debut with hair like that
probably why I didn't want to be with
you this is my hair oh here is that the
goofball I still AM look at you I feel
like oh fuck you know what I'm realizing
as I open this for you my hand is a
little messed up you hold it
I like this straight you have feeble
arms
we have to loosen it somehow I can put
it in the vise
it's the vise oh god I don't have
glasses yeah it doesn't taste like it's
been sitting on my shelf for for a half
years is he lying supposed to sit on
shelves for LA that's true you never
come to the office Candace
oh you know I'm friends with something
out
what are you doing didn't seem very
excited flexing is what they're doing is
fantastic you okay you nervous you feel
good yeah
something crazy happens every year at
this opening and I think whatever it is
is about to happen
it is out spying these guys
that car had a baby seated it
this is amazing Alex congratulations
