introducing Casey the tape player with
personality he makes it rain he talks to
you hi my name is Katie hey see it's
amazing - thank you handsome anyway
Casey comes with activity booking
cassette high school uh Turkish that's
okay
I say great they're too good I woke up
today that's why that's why that's wrong
I'm grateful for
nice to meet you I'm sorry to say Dan
mace will not be in today's episode of
368 Ian's girlfriend arrived in town
this morning he hasn't seen her in two
months and well I'm not sure what
they're doing today but it doesn't
involve participating in this episode
I'm sorry he'll be back soon
Danny Boy hope you're having a great day
about ten days ago I put out a cold call
here in the vlog looking for an
applicant to be in charge of three six
eight gaming head of gaming at three six
eight a major role and well I wanted to
be a little update so in total we've had
about 8,000 applicants and we've been
through all eight thousand applications
five thousand three hundred and
sixty-six were trashed as in people just
wasting our time not serious applicants
1213 were spam another 1180 were wildly
unqualified only ninety three were
located in the New York City area three
hundred and thirty or international
applicants and here's one that really
gets me of the viable applicants and
people who could be potentially
considered for this role 931 were male
and only sixty were female so about six
percent of the applicants were eligible
women which is a bit of a bummer
regardless we're working through them
now to date we've only physically
interviewed one person but I think
that's pretty good so I'll keep you
updated as that progresses it is a
process though
all right no I just gave a 3 6 8 update
yesterday but look at our kitchen look
at the progress made in one day ready
for this nice ink
look at these counters look at this
counter the stove goes here alright
alright that's it
how's uh how's my bike your bike is
ready to go it is this is Mike Mike's
the co-founder of lithium bikes that
makes the super 73 wiring in tow
honestly we had a little bit of business
to do but I also wanted to check and see
what these bikes needed we're doing like
a whole super 73 thing here at 3 6 8 so
Mike's been around but my bike I've also
like I needed some pop ups to it so
check this out ready now I've got
fenders here and here
fenders here and then the custom leather
double white seat is the green arrow
something that you guys sell to the
public Mike you know this is one of a
kind for you that's a casement your mark
it's your mark we thought rather than
you spray-painting it and getting it on
your pants we just embroidered looking
good you've been the best stress test
that we could ask for seriously I beat
the everliving do you see the episode
where we had it in the pouring rain I
did and it was it was hurting a little
bit but I was like we need that data so
this is gonna help is this one ready to
ride because I'm not sure how to steer
it
it's a unicycle now I know so we've got
this bonding right now this is a really
old bike this is one of our original
bikes so the fact that it still runs
beautifully makes us so happy we're just
doing a couple quick fixes to the
steering tube and then it's gonna be
riding just like new super 73 yeah
thank you
hidden gaps there are gaps
my beautiful gaps having to you live
from the streets of Broadway
gabs I'm happy to see but does this mean
that you and I are over because she's
much better-looking than me and that's
why I was coming she forced me to do the
break Daffy to do it on camera well guys
I have to I have to go meet my own wife
now like but are you doing anything fun
today
you are we going with tonight we going
on a bit of a going around we're gonna
go dancing really bye guys have fun
today
I couldn't find you I was looking
everywhere for you I didn't know you
were inside the store you look pregnant
I've been running all around this island
I mean all around okay so do you want me
to try and pitch it yeah okay
we are here we are reporting from Prince
Street and Mercer Street in Soho in New
York City and Aptus shinola store right
here on Saturday on Sunday on Saturday
June June 16th 2018 Candace and her
company Billie are gonna be doing like a
pop-up store here is that accurate so
you should come come say hi to me come
say hi to Candace and at the pop-up
store you can buy I'm not doing a good
job honey
buy limited-edition coat you can buy
Billie shinola shinola notebooks good
but what is this like for why are you
doing this for fun because we don't have
a storefront and like Carlos called me
really excited crazy
so today today is the first truly summer
day in New York City like hot sunny
amazing outside I tried my best day to
spend the day outside appreciating this
weather I didn't post yesterday because
I tried something new this week which is
rather than having meetings periodically
throughout the week I lump them all
together so yesterday Wednesday the
whole day was just meetings it was just
what I call busy work busy work for me
is email phone calls meetings anything
that doesn't directly contribute to
creating something is busy work and
yesterday was eight straight hours of
busy work which made me just in nuts so
I wanted today to be purely about like
appreciating this city and so far so
good
so it's half past six I have to go home
soon to relieve the babysitter but I
wanted to end my day with my friend
Daniel here what's up there's a
professional freestyle soccer player if
you use the word player ya freestyle
soccer player yeah or freestyler and a
rapper
it makes no hip-hop music but I saw an
Instagram yesterday amazing Instagram
feed that you kicked a soccer ball over
the yard yeah and I texted yo so today
we're with the ball here we go
whoa wake up although down a little like
las ocho alan la la la oh la la oh yeah
no I don't play like la la la oh la la
that was probably not very responsible
and I promise I'll never do it again but
I'm really sorry officer you guys are
having fun okay all right Thank You Man
sorry officers thank you what are you
two thankful for today
oh I mean it's that destiny betrayed
I'm just I'm grateful for gaps in my
night yeah what are you thankful for
Davis to me
think we'll be in New York what do you
think it was great that the fetal
echocardiogram which t-mek normal this
morning just yeah she's pretty in there
yeah but she's got a good heart so I'm
thankful for this beautiful weather
finally so yeah and I'm happy to be
alive after a 545 miles I just biked
from San Francisco to LA oh yeah yeah
yeah I'm thankful for a beautiful day at
Washington Square Park where I can just
do my laundry soak up some rays
yes I would stand for this cat to be
with me too because Papa I'm thankful
for all the people the beautiful Sun my
friends love it's just amazing right now
