hello today is October 24th 2018 and for
usual I am shooting this video in my
studio in downtown Manhattan in New York
City what's not usual is what happened
will happen in a few places but what
happened in New York City this morning
Mary and Chris we all just got alerts on
our phone telling everyone in the area
of 58th and 8th to shelter in place
immediately take a look behind me you
can see 58 is actually blocked off at
ninth Avenue NYPD officers SWAT teams
state police all here on scene working
to contain the situation there was a
bomb discovered this morning at the CN n
offices which is in the Time Warner
building in midtown here in New York
City important detail no one was injured
the NYPD great job bomb squad great job
happy to hear that a lot of my former
colleagues and and friends are at CNN so
you can hear me was also and to turn on
the TV all the news channels they're
running this story just over and over
and then if you look at news online like
this is the New York Times on Fox talks
about a bomb CNN even on BBC which is a
more of a global news source top item
there is about an explosive and an
explosive being sent to New York City
and pretty usual they talked about the
resilience of New Yorkers that it's
still business as usual here in the city
of New York so I want to make a little
video that's what this is showing you
you know people at home people watch
this YouTube channel from all around the
country and all around the world to show
you what it's like actually to be here
in New York City as a denizen of the
city as someone who lives here you look
at it on TV it feels like that the whole
city's standing still and everything's
stopped because of this like really
terrible incident but what's it actually
like here I want to make very clear that
the people in New York City
will not be intimidated that we are
going to go about our lives undeterred
because the very concept of terrorism is
to change us and we will not allow that
to happen this is Manhattan now my
studio my office is down here in
downtown Manhattan the incident took
place in midtown here right at 59th
Street do you know what happened this
morning at the CN n building in Midtown
no I think I just got like a
notification on my like service alert
thing was that there was like a thing
that the bomb squad picked up yes yeah I
just found out about
have you noticed anything like different
in the city because of that incident no
okay well like we just found out on the
train and everyone like got the little
notifications on
but it was kind of like whatever because
we get that all the time for like Amber
Alerts I haven't noticed anything have
you know
you cannot be terrorized if you refuse
to allow the terrorists to win people
the city have shown time and again that
they stand up in the face of these
efforts to intimidate
do you know where happened this morning
I like
I live around there and I got at work
amberle er which scared me why I'm not
sure there was like type
that happened yeah I'm trying to make a
movie like what's it like to be in the
city on something like that happen Stano
is anything any changes would people
the city at large when something like
that takes place well being new newly
moved here and when I found that out in
the workplace I saw a shift and
everyone's
demeanor I think it put everyone in a
really sick to their belly feeling and
it scared me especially as someone
that's new to the
this is 53rd and 7th this is about six
block seven blocks from where the
incident took place this morning
I wouldn't know who looking around that
anything that today's different from any
other day here in here in midtown
Manhattan open a block closer so I'm
gonna get a little closer and see what I
can see there is an increased police
presence here but I'm like a block away
from the Time Warner building oh yeah
have you noticed anything different in
the city today because of what happened
this morning
um well there's a lot of police and like
a lot of like you know what happened no
there was an explosive device found and
that's my mobility
oh my god with a block there it's really
important at a moment like this to
remember the vast majority of Americans
the vast majority of New Yorkers are
good people trying to live in peace with
each other
what I heard they say something like
some bomb triggers like my dad when
something like this happens do you
notice any difference in the way the
city operates people is gonna be this
typical New York response would just be
I'm late for work
my boss doesn't care we have to get to
work or we have to get where to happen
this morning and even this close to it I
talked to a lot of people walking by and
there's two schools of thought I know
what happened and I don't care I've got
to live my life and I don't know what
happened and I don't care I have to live
my life it's the reality it's the world
that we live in so people just gonna
keep going on people gonna be vigilant
but you know we're gonna be vigilant but
everyone's gonna keep going you know
doesn't stop in the office
on the news and it feels like a huge
global event it is and this isn't to
undercut the significance of what
happened but to really underscore the
resilience of people in New York City
the city just keeps going no matter what
happens are the reason why I love it
here so much what they are trying to do
is scare us and destabilize us and we
will not allow that to happen we are New
Yorkers we are smart we are tough we are
resilient and we will not allow these
terrorist bugs to change the way we live
our lives
