hello hi honey
everything went okay this morning yeah
yeah okay I'm gonna go ahead and release
the video then all right the hi she's
super pregnant look at the size of this
belly everything's great so far so far
so good the baby's due in October we
don't have a name but Francine has a
name
watermelon Francine has named the baby
watermelon she calls her baby water no
she just calls her watermelon it was
baby watermelon and then it just became
watermelon where's is watermelon
sleeping does watermelon want some
play-doh then she tries to stick it in
my bellybutton
so that's it we're very very excited and
if you notice like inconsistencies with
my uploads it's because like I'm much
more restrained with my Daily Show now
than I was before and like this weekend
Candice was out of town and I was alone
with the baby and I was just kind of
like I'm not gonna work today I just
want to enjoy this because we only have
you think about that we only have four
months left with Francine and then we've
got another we have somebody else in the
house poor thing poor Frannie
she's not gonna know what hit her did
you guys did you know that Candace is
pregnant you think they knew listen
everyone thought I was pregnant when I
wasn't so that's not nice
and just remember boys and girls never
assume a woman is pregnant until she
tells you she's pregnant no matter how
pregnant she looks right or until she's
holding the baby or until she's holding
the baby I learned that the hard way
I've done it twice you did that woman in
the elevator saute I didn't want to make
a big thing out of this I didn't want to
make a big video I just wanted to share
with you that this one's got a baby in
her we did it okay she's hungry
we're gonna get something to eat we'll
see you tomorrow with a totally normal
edited cool video about skateboarding or
something stupid like that she's
bragging okay all right uh and also
David and license really sorry to hear
about the break-up
might not be forever you got three
