okay
I think I got it it's taken me like 25
minutes to figure out that effect in
fact I've had a Pete Evan Lestat we've
all been trying to figure that ox it's
like this mean that I saw on Twitter God
look how good hers is ready it's funny
every single time differences that's
real do you think that's real magic do
you think that mine is as funny of that
no you can be honest look good no
comment the whole scene is okay welcome
to 360
okay so I don't know if you know Evans
channel or not you should if you don't
I'll link it below but great very smart
channel and we were just having a
conversation about editing like editing
videos with y'all what the hell are we
saying just how editing is really yeah
we were talking about outsourcing like I
had my managers are constantly asking me
to outsource parts of my show so that I
can free up time to be more productive
with other things and I just can't
possibly see how that would work and
I've tried like people always say when I
bitch about how busy I am everyone's
always like get an editor yeah get an
editor I tried or people are like cool
that Dan edits to your videos Dan that's
what I thought I thought he edited a
incredibly talented but he doesn't come
anywhere near these edits
sometimes he color corrects me doesn't
do the edits and of the 800 videos I
have in my channel I've yet to find
somebody who can edit my voice yeah
literally the milliseconds between two
lines in a voiceover I am spending
probably 15 minutes moving that audio
file like zooming in all the way and
moving it just a tiny little bit playing
it over and saying is that pause enough
to get to jump it into the next thing is
the momentum the right way like I can't
imagine anyone anyone because that's
your brain yeah it's very frustrating
when you see comments and notes where
people are so dismissive of editing as
if it's like putting gasoline in your
car like it's an objective process or a
mechanical process the art is in the
Edit and the fun is in the Edit - I
don't agree with that well I mean I know
like I enter like a flow State in
editing it's when you finish the Edit
there's nothing more satisfying yeah and
there's nothing more disturbing than
realizing you haven't eaten for 13 hours
okay Evan in Casey discuss editing
hello and welcome to tech review Tuesday
tech review Tuesday were and I review a
piece of technology that I'm interested
in or curious about and share my
findings with you on this week's episode
I'm going to be reviewing the new DJI
Ronin s video stabilizer but before I do
that I wanted to share with you some
technology that I think is really really
cool I'm not going to review I just want
to just want to show you this this is
made by a small company out of Detroit
called shinola and what's cool about
this company shinola the company was
started when all of the auto workers in
Detroit were losing their jobs and this
company was started to put all those
like skilled workers to work making
other things in addition to making
watches and handbags and all that stuff
they made they did a super super limited
edition run they made 500 of these
things this is a proper turntable like a
record player
shinola as we were sort of building out
what the audio system should be down at
368 I was like I was like let's use this
handmade american-made Detroit made and
turntable I don't know record players
but this is just the bit that sits on it
this probably weighs like 20 pounds this
is like a piece of jewelry Wow
now I'm no audiophile
I'm not like one of those music guys but
the audio difference from like something
like this like an actual record with
high quality speakers versus like I
usually do like ear pods and Spotify
myself the sound quality is unbelievably
different okay so now for the tech
review part of tech review Tuesday this
is the Ronin s the roving 2's is a a
gimbal for SLR cameras made by DJI the
same company that makes all the drones
that I and everybody else the world uses
designed is the all-in-one workhorse for
almost any type of filmic Ronin s is
packed with incredible features that
offer the ultimate flexibility for
single or multiple operators on any set
a 3-axis gimbal is basically a mechanism
to make sure a camera stays steady as
it's recording as it's moving this is a
three axis gimbal by GoPro and see in
theory anyways no matter how much I move
this handle the camera stays in sort of
the same position this right here this
is a gimbal on the bottom of a drone
same idea you put the camera here no
matter how you move your hand it stays
in one position what was typically used
for stabilizers for bigger cameras or
something like this this is a really
fantastic device made by movi you put
the you put a camera down here and then
no matter how you move this thing it
stays stable amazing device this is how
I shot the snowboarding in New York City
movie and the Aladdin video was with
this bad boy but it's a little bit big a
little unruly you have to actually have
a stand just to put the thing down from
where I gathered the Ronin s is kind of
the answer to all of that it's a small
handheld stabilizer that does what the
big one that does what the big one does
but is the size of one of the smaller
more miniaturized gimbals
it
totally Crittenden let's do this so was
lovin right so this thing does a lot
more features than what we're playing
with it for today there's an app that
works with it that you can program you
to really complicated time lapse
features the Ronin s app complements the
gimbal giving filmmakers even greater
control over their creativity wherever
your passion takes you I've only used it
for about fifteen minutes it feels super
simple how's your arm
I mean it's heavy it is heavy it takes
one hand you can definitely operate it
with one hand there is something I liked
about it which is the you can have a
microphone on this like I do here and
still have it work on the gimbal and
still be as stable as can be which is
pretty amazing
oh the selfie mode is really good too
like your gorilla pod I mean you have a
really good grip on it so you have
stable shots but all you have to do is
hold that thing you'll get really stable
yeah if you're like a sociopath when it
comes to making vlogs you could shoot
this all of your vlogs on something like
this like look this is me using this as
if it's a selfie stick slip on you have
to have strong forearms this thing about
double the weight doubles the weight of
the camera but it is amazing that this
replaces such a gigantic piece of
hardware alright so we do some shots
through the trees now yeah let's
some cinema
oh okay that concludes the first look of
the Ronin s3 accent three axis
stabilizer huge fat thumbs up take it
for what it's worth though because we've
only had three hours with this issue
just starting to play with it so far
very impressed I do want to flag that I
I have a plan to shoot an entire episode
of three six eight using just this
gimbal to give it right to give like a
really comprehensive review of all the
details and all the features that this
thing does
that'll come soon for now though
good work DJI and would you look at this
look at this beauty right now
you
