today is a holiday called Memorial Day
it's a day where here in the States we
remember lost servicemen and women who
fought for this country it's also a day
when kids don't have any school so we
took Francine to the this Science Center
here that that's we're up to now
goodbye Liberty Science Center we'll see
you next time very good family adventure
today
oh hey would you look at that
Casey's reviewing another skateboard yes
and no you see this is no ordinary
skateboard
that's right it folds a folding
longboard and I gotta say I've had this
thing for like weeks and I was really
reluctant to review it because another
skateboard really but I've been very
very impressed by its performance see
I'm a big believer in traveling with the
skateboard that is with my suitcase and
my luggage and everything else I always
have a skateboard with me in the last
couple of years that's usually met one
of these a penny board penny boards are
plastic they're unoffensive and like TSA
and Airlines usually don't give you a
hard time about it before this I had a
small skateboard like this that was
wooden but this looks like a skateboard
I got a bunch of these taken away so
this plastic thing was kind of my only
option and I like the penny board but
I'm a grown-ass man and this little
plastic skateboard is not much bigger
than my foot so they're fine but they're
they're not like they're not skateboards
in fact I was riding one of these in
Amsterdam I fell off it and broke my
pinkie that was like a year ago my hands
still not the same so definitely good
enough to travel with but not perfect by
any means enter this thing called board
up is a terrible name
it's footprint is actually smaller than
a penny board it rides like a normal
longboard it's fast it's smooth you can
carve on it
quiet
moreover the last couple of weeks I've
had this thing with me on a flight the
UK I've had it with me in Germany I had
it with me flying out of France and the
French can be real hard asses about
travelling with skateboards I've had
this thing a number of airports on a
number of airplanes nobody says a thing
probably because it sort of fold up like
a little briefcase the mechanics of how
it works is very interesting - this is
the hinge here this aluminum plate is to
displace the stress that the hinge puts
on the wood this cable here goes this
toy right here which is meant to be
kicked it activates the cable here
releasing it like so very impressive
stuff Samarra do you have the folding
skateboard is that I give it a big fat
thumbs up okay and that that concludes
tech Tuesday this week's tech Tuesday
so yeah we're hiring three six eight is
at a kind of critical juncture right now
and it's growth the physical space is
now built out enough for us to start
thinking about building out different
aspects of the company in one aspect of
the company that I'm super anxious to
get moving on is gaming so this position
this position would be kind of the head
of three six eight gaming someone to
lead the gaming initiative at three six
eight and that means everything from
helping us build our own team to hosting
tournaments a strategy to everything in
between putting the physical build-out
of what we want to build in there which
is like a tournament space and a gaming
space and figuring out a streaming
strategy and there's a lot to it that
this is also the first position at three
six eight that I'm like crowdsourcing to
find the right person because I
genuinely believe that this role could
be filled by someone of any gender of
any background from anywhere on planet
earth in any age this we filled by
anyone I just need a pro I need someone
who understands this stuff way better
than I could ever understand it I need
someone who sees things that I don't see
now if you think you're the right person
for this job email me at three six eight
gaming at KC nice calm give me like a
cover letter just try to explain why you
think you're right for this gig that's
what I want to hear a couple of things a
couple of things you should know anyone
who physically shows up here at the
space to apply for this job is
immediately disqualified even if you're
just dropping off a resume you thought
you'd knock and hand it off disqualified
do not show up here someone who doesn't
understand that work shouldn't be
interrupted on a whim is not someone who
really should be working with us also if
you are local that's better or if you
have somewhere to stay in New York City
also better so you got to figure that
out on your own it is a paid job and the
more successful we are the more we'll
pay okay
okay whether you're interested in this
role or not I'm gonna keep you the
audience up to speed with this whole
process as it progresses okay three six
eight gaming I hope to hit get off soon
and I just need a little help figuring
it out I'll see you tomorrow in three
six eight
