technically I'm still on leave because I
had a baby but I came into the office
today for like a couple of meetings he
had a couple quick things done and I I'm
just trying to make a video so I thought
I'd do like a super quick tech review
Tuesday now I I didn't have time today
to work with them to make an intro so
Dan's intro will come next week but it
does seem like it's time to review the
Elan musk flamethrower
I really appreciate how well designed
how thoughtful this 2d drawing schematic
is here we're in company not a
flamethrower what's in the box
nozzle logo Nisshin propane tank fuel
bracket I don't know regulator trigger
goal duress
ergonomic palm placement alright this is
clever
you're not supporting customer the
lawyers have spoken and due to shipping
restrictions we can't mail you your
glorious propane tank bummer to make it
up we've included some cold hard cash so
you can scroll down to your local store
and pick up some nice c3h three pretty
thoughtful alright so here it is now
Elon Musk referred to this in the Joe
Rogan podcast he said that it wasn't
actually a plane for all they did to
build this was take a it's actually just
a roofing torch with an air rifle cover
a roofing torch and if you look closely
you can see that it is simply a roofing
torch you've got the you've got the
igniter right here and then this is the
nozzle here that the flame ostensibly
comes out of there's what looks like
copper or zinc plated steel piping in
there back here you've got a propane
adapter all this stuff here is just
plastic and you can tell that this used
to be I think a paintball gun or soft
air gun because because where this Allen
head is right here you can see there's
like three one two three little spots
there safety semi automatic fully
automatics you have to assume that's for
a paintball gun so this is it look this
is the this is the soft air gun the
plastic soft air gun that was used as
the housing for the novel flame even
here on the side where it says the
boring company that's just like a
plastic little plate that yeah adhesive
this just glued on there so basically
you you pay 500 dollars forward is
effectively a 30 40 dollar roofing torch
with a bunch of plastic on it
that's okay I believe in Elon Musk and I
like to support his endeavors let's get
some propane
y'all so propane moving gasps yeah thank
you
10:34 Ilan you owe me five dollars and
34 cents now the thing about New York
City is I just can't walk around in the
street with anything that resembles a
gun at all so with the flamethrower
review in New York City a very very good
rule if you care about
well surviving or your life you never go
outside with anything that even
resembles a gun squirt guns pellet guns
anything like ice keep them in your
house so a gigantic functioning not a
flamethrower flamethrower is something
you don't want to bring outside because
you wouldn't want something like that
misinterpreted by law enforcement they
might respond well in any event and then
even ironically that what I feel is the
safest way to test this flamethrowers by
I was by using it indoors flamethrower
that getting like at least my opinion on
sort of the thoughts behind the
flamethrower
well the flame I wouldn't but we didn't
put a lot of time into the flamethrower
this was an off-the-cuff thing the whole
thing is just a joke like in the movie
space balls there's this scene where
they talk about space balls merchandise
what is this place
what is it that you do here
merchandising baseball's the lunchbox
thanks balls the breakfast cereal thanks
you know for me personally like don't
have any need for this stupid thing
no but I do believe that the boring
company is gonna be a company that does
like really world-changing things in the
future just like Tesla has and SpaceX
have and to own a souvenir like the
minute I finish this video I'm putting
in a box and putting it away but the
owner souvenir just feels like an
awesome thing to do also I love a good
joke
and this thing's a joke that's a
terrible idea terrible sin by one I took
I said don't buy this flamethrower don't
buy it
a California Assemblyman said that he
intends to introduce legislation that
would prevent the sale of the
sought-after flamethrower Miguel
Santiago Democrat from Los Angeles is
leading the charge against flamethrower
sale Santiago said in a statement I
honestly thought it was a joke when the
article was read to me the state of
California in the city of Los Angeles
having trusted mr. musk to help
alleviate a real public policy problem
here by executing a tunnel under the
city to help alleviate traffic this this
deviation come on this deviation feels
like a complete slap in the face
dear Assemblyman Santiago lighten up
this propane tank holder by the way is a
mountain bike cup holder here did you
hear that
yeah there's gas coming out got two fire
extinguishers I've got this large fire
extinguisher here which will be
strategically placed here I'm going to
go ahead and preemptively get the hose
ready and pull the firing pin I'm also
gonna be placing this secondary fire
extinguisher right here maybe not so
much in my frame but right right here
pose also at the ready
okay these ceilings are 14 feet so
there's enough space for the flames
oops okay I didn't turn this off
and it is worth noting to everyone at
home that the just rode microphone
windscreens are indeed flammable so
maybe maybe take the windscreen off
before
