okay Casey you guys see what just
happened
amount of Burger King somewhere just
outside of London
that's an England one of the things we
do at free succeed is where a production
company we do productions for know for
whoever and this week I'm on production
so I'm like working this week and
because of that I haven't been making
the three six eight vlog but what I'm
doing is is really exciting so this is
Brian close-up
what I'm doing is I'm making a
documentary like a short documentary and
I'm making that documentary about well
this is Sean what's up he's here the
docks about yep Sean who are you I'm a
Canadian singer doctor about both of us
now well it's about both it shot an ad
and singer he's kind of a sudden guy
that exercise like way cooler than that
that's all I hear feel again shot who
are you what I don't know how good that
would I can't shout who do you think you
are just a bro just a bra just a bro on
the road down
see this oh my god
and we're shooting this thing all over
the world right now we're at a hangar in
Bryan where are we I don't even know
somewhere in England somewhere in
England with a size this place
huge is the one we're in that's it
sister okay we're flying the drone
inside the hangar ready here comes
this is become
there goes
so we're just about done at this space
here and before we leave and fly to
Germany or wherever we're going next we
were going to shoot an interview with
Sean and look how cool our setup this so
he's going to sit there and then behind
him is all this
that's a quote that people like you
understand really easily but other
people just don't get right
we finished the shoot finish it this
morning in Paris I imply a home now back
to New York City I think the reason to
get it takes a couple of weeks to edit
but I'm excited about this is like the
first big production I've done in a
while
so I'm sorry that lease exceeded the
daily bloggers to take a pause
starting tomorrow to be back to its
regular daily upload schedule thanks for
being patient I'm excited for you to see
the movie
also shots new album came out you should
download it only to blow all right so
you mark
