I don't know bro don't do it I got this
I got this I got this okay try first
winter for the future kids melt in the
kiln the bubbles Smurfs I retired to the
city is dude where's the skateboard it
doesn't work like that really then
ladies and gentlemen I am this is not a
vlog there is no vlog today I'm just
making this video to let you know that
we're not making a vlog today mainly
because there was like some family
things had to take care of it when I
started the threesome you are just just
dominating the frame right now you told
me - no your face is like like breathing
into my mouth because yeah fine but I
started the 3 6 8 vlog the daily vlog I
kind of make a deal with myself in
canvas that if there was like a
stressful day or a family day like no
big deal I'll take a day off and today's
one of those days but I had to make this
little crappy video because I wanted to
remind everyone that today is Friday and
every Friday we drop a new time a new
pod part comes a new podcast in today's
episode of couples therapy is
particularly awesome what did we what
did we talk about in this week's
podcasts
it's a good one though right yes we had
to bleep out all of that stuff where you
were talking about
remember so go check it out you can
download it in any of the links below or
on anchor or Apple podcasts or wherever
you get your podcast now because you did
click on this and took the time and took
the time to click on this we will now
make it worth your while by playing a
really cool song and showing you some
beautiful time lapses of New York City
that we can capture from exactly where
we're standing that's fair right I don't
know I was expecting like we were gonna
do something cool
you say
Oh
we used to be the coolest damn kids on
the street okay so I hope you enjoyed
our time lapses and that cool song that
we just played for you that's that's it
for Dan told me something while we were
recording those time lapses and that's
that he's been talking to himself alone
is it okay is that - was that personal
it's fine dude I've been I've been so
lonely that I've been speaking to myself
in my room and then I would say I feel
guilty I know I'm the only person Dan
knows but I don't hang out with my
friends I just worked in family and
that's but I'm totally cool to just work
- but I'm not used to that's what I'm
saying like I'm cool in this part of my
life - to not be socializing all the
time but it's just weird to be talking
to myself
no I hey I know I just feel like it I'm
Gabby my girlfriend comes in soon and my
sausage dog can't wait to see you baby
unless you so much she's bringing the
dog yeah I didn't know that yeah I just
feel bad because I know I'm the only
person you know here and I've introduced
you to my wife and my three-year-old and
that's kind of it
those are some people they're very
getting us do you need to know all right
can we go home now cuz you see what's
happening this is turning into a vlog
now alright just a really bad one okay
that's when you told me that you know me
so much thing
you call me every night when I was at a
talk about you should talk about some of
the cruise ship baby you the best and I
could fuck with you for real though
every time I see you we're not
is the feeling of until I went amongst
the sorry I was sick in your my post
