Oh you
last night Candace and I both had Lucky
Charms for dinner that happens like
three times a week
oh sorry oh that's him
take care now
solo yes
I've already airports a pretty terrible
experience I've taken a bunch of
pictures of airplanes I've eaten a bunch
of terrible Airport food had my coffee
I still have 28 minutes before the plane
boards all is well in the world I just
got the upgrade thinking about welcome
to Colombo for econ local time is 12:30
1:00 p.m. for your safety please remain
seated civil scare for your personal
items until we park at a gate you may
not use a service take care of your
recording
it's waiting on my ride wear you out
oh good to see you man so good to see
it's ridiculous welcome to Ohio you have
you been to Ohio this is the car you
used to like get around town no I never
do this well trying to impress people
Rome and I are now having lunch he has a
taco salad I have a tuna tuna I have a
tuna melt Roman does some pranks and his
YouTube channel and something I'm
getting used to pretty quickly ready to
get out of here dude carrying me home oh
thank you hope you paid Robin where we
headed home next stop Cassidy Roman
I live in New York City Roman lives and
in the middle of no Roman why don't you
drive a little closer to the car in
front of us
Margie closes book character
are you taking
you'd almost hear the banjos oh you
can't see me wait you're in the shot you
looked at though thank you yeah thank
you
we're gonna go inside or is this God I
thought I had a lot of toys welcome home
man we're gonna have some fun or what
that thing's a riot
ya know I'm most excited about this yeah
this is cool
okay this is our house this is that's it
you got the entire upstairs to yourself
okay really excited really excited whoa
oh you guys are the best how did you
know I love balloons
we blew these up last night they were
really cool when they were floating then
we came up this morning and they all
deflated but we had to give you a little
congrats
I appreciate million subs dude that's
amazing
I don't hate it you know I kind of
wanted to sleep in here
you could do this all day
is that your favorite game came the real
reason I came to Roman's was just to
play in his ball pit room how's it
coming chef what do you think I hope you
like yours extra crispy good thank you
guys for this generous dinner you're
welcome and I hope you like it silly
string baby balloons should you get
balloons
we have balloons
this thing has never been driven this
much is this the corn we ate for dinner
I actually think this is just field corn
and they actually just feed up like cows
and something your vlogs on YouTube do a
million and a half views I think a
millions a safe number million a half's
like a good ball hey that's that's
that's crazy what do you attribute it to
because I know my audience cares about
this stuff does a lot of aspiring new
youtubers watch this channel I would say
for me it's the consistency's huge
kisses he's huge and also you know III
motivate my viewers and I believe in
positive energies and I've copied
everything you've ever done so it's made
me the bigger youtuber no I will say if
I get a million views on vlogs you're
gonna it's safe to know that you're
gonna be pulling two mil on a blog soon
you started with prank videos yeah yeah
well sketch comedy I failed miserably
I started with sketch for a year and it
didn't work nice I was terrible my
they're still on my channel they're
embarrassing I should probably delete
really sure and your background comedy
film making do you have any background
in the industry nothing completely
self-taught in fact a factory worker for
12 years and how long have even YouTube
in I think five years successfully knows
maybe times line six years maybe six
years that's the samurai alright one
piece of advice for young people that
want to get into the YouTube game man
this is a tough one huh
if I always push originality be original
there's no reason to be the next guy
he's already doing it be you like that's
the best advice I can think of we get
definitely nicer
rolling outward making friends in
Walmart you don't need the suitcase all
right take care now
well that went well no give Casey a
little launch in the GTR what what's a
lot what are you doing here so the car
has a little launch sequence we can push
a couple buttons and it basically takes
the RPMs up and then you just release
ready
alright I'm gonna I'm gonna end this
vlog here right here right here go check
out Roman Channel I'm gonna link it
below thanks guys he's gonna post his
day that's the same day as this day but
from his perspective my shot is cool
probably but but we'll get five times
the views of this so you can see what it
actually takes to do a million and a
half to use a day
compliments of Roman Atwood thank you
wanna be awesome yeah tomorrow is gonna
be fun
