wake up so it's 4:40 two in the morning
this is usually my day begins this is
what my day looks like this is what
everyday looks like up between 4:00 and
5:00 always up between 4:00 and 5:00 cup
of coffee
then I sit down at my computer this is
my favorite part see it's these early
morning hours that are the absolute most
productive for me no phone calls no
texts messages nothing's happening on
social media everyone else is asleep
it's just total focus that gives me
between 5 & 7 a.m. to get some work done
2 full hours before Francine's up when
she's up we make breakfast
she leaves for school at 7:30 by 8
o'clock I'm out the door on my run my
run always happens for me running this
alone time is top priorities back from
the run before 10:00 shower shave get
out door I need to work the commute to
work it's fast a 5-minute ride or so I
didn't know what I was going til you
said turn try to always be in the office
by 10:00 and then it works until I was
sad yeah busy work email work phone
calls work sitting my office eating in
my office pass to the outside were
having one
3 6 8 or meeting work meetings work
meeting with this guy were talking to
her was getting it done work leave the
office before 6 6 o'clock
headed home 6 to 10 6 to 10 is family
time and it's non-negotiable
babies asleep before 10 I know she
should be asleep sooner were terrible
parents baby's asleep at 10 I go to the
gym from 10:00 to 11:00 11 o'clock I
pass out Levi what time what time do you
wake up no I am Number 1 just on a
practical side if you wake up early in
the morning like at 4:30 in the morning
you're gonna have some free time to
yourself to make things happen to take
care of things that are important to you
let's say you're the most ultra
motivated guy in the world when that
alarm clock goes off there's at least
50% of the time where you just met that
soft little pillow is just caressing
your head and you want to stay there and
it takes discipline to go nope I'm gonna
get up out of this bed I'm gonna do what
I'm supposed to do and that discipline
that you have at that moment you win
that fight that's a big victory and then
that that that pattern will carry out
throughout the day because once you're
up well now and I'm up I might as well
go work out because I'm already up and I
I feel good that I got up out of bed and
I won that battle let me go win another
battle I'm gonna go get it done and then
when you show up at the office and
there's someone that's got a big box of
doughnuts that they're given away for
free by the way so they're just sitting
it's almost like an insult not to take
them but when you've already gotten up
early you had the discipline there you
already worked out you have the
discipline there and now you see the box
of doughnuts you're like no I'm not
gonna eat the doughnuts no no doughnuts
you're not gonna do it and that
discipline carries on throughout the day
so now you take that and you you expand
that out over a week in a month and you
end up with more discipline and it
starts with that simple act of getting
up and getting out of bed in the morning
discipline starts every day when the
first alarm clock goes off in the
morning I say first alarm clock because
I have three the moment the alarm goes
off is the first test it sets the tone
for the rest of the day the test is not
a complex one when the alarm goes off if
you get up out of bed
Ruy there in comfort and fall back to
sleep if you have the discipline to get
out of bed you win if you are mentally
weak for that moment and you let that
weakness keep you in bed
you fail though it seems small that
weakness translates to more significant
decisions but if you exercise discipline
that too translates to more substantial
elements of your life okay Jacqueline
let me try to butcher your bio a little
bit you you were a Navy SEAL commander
Lieutenant Commander in the Navy SEALs
you did how many tours in Iraq I did two
tours in Iraq and then you actually you
actually you were a Navy SEAL instructor
so then you took your learnings from the
battlefield and you taught future
generations of seals what you learned
yeah and a lot of times when people
think about SEAL instructor they think
of what you see on TV or SEAL team we're
here to get you out
that's not actually the instructing that
I did the instructing that I did was
four seals that had already been through
that basic training and maybe they'd
made multiple deployments overseas but a
seal platoon has to prepare and work
together and get to know each other and
learn how to function together as a team
and in order to to in order to get there
they go through pretty arduous training
actually extremely arduous training and
that was the training that I ran
sometimes even if you're the most highly
motivated person in the world that grind
starts to beat you down a little bit and
that's when you have to stop looking at
the short-term thing because that's not
that's not getting you to get it done
and you got to look okay what is the
long-term goal that I'm looking at what
am I really trying to get done in the
long term and you say oh you know what
I'm actually waking up today early so I
can be ahead of the curve so I can sell
more of these widgets or whatever so I
can buy a house and you know what today
matters today matters this decision that
I'm making right now is that first step
it's me taking one stroke swimming in
the right direction heading towards the
shore and if I don't take this I'm not
making any progress okay Chacko one
piece of advice for someone who's
thinking about whether it's waking up
earlier just having more discipline in
their day one piece okay discipline
equals freedom that that's the best to
keep you surprised so listen here have
you written a book called that I did I
did write a book it's right here yeah
the discipline it was freedom we all
want freedom right we all want to have
freedom we want we want to have
financial freedom we want to have more
free time we don't have physical freedom
that's what we want
everyone wants freedom of course but if
you want to have freedom in your life
the way to get to freedom is is through
discipline it's that's how you get there
so if you want to be if you want to be
financially free you have to have
financial discipline you have to save
your money you have to work hard to earn
more money you have to not buy by stupid
things that you don't actually need
right you need to save that money and
invest it properly if all that takes
discipline and if you have that kind of
discipline you'll end up with more
freedom if you want to be if you wanna
have more free time everybody wants more
free time but if you want more free time
how are you gonna get it you have to
have more discipline time management
less fortnight more work when you get
done doing something that's a complete
waste of time
how do you feel at the end of it all
right terrible yeah you feel happy while
you're doing it oh this is kind of fun
this is this is stimulating my brain a
little bit and then you get done with it
and you realize that you could have done
something productive and you don't feel
good about just this play this guy why
buckets of cold oatmeal every day I
don't care about it just it's just
healthy and I feel good all day
oh yeah that's that's a great example
cuz everybody knows that when you're
eating that cheeseburger I mean come on
good but how but literally how bad do
you feel 30 38 minutes when you've got
done eating a cheeseburger and fries
you're you're you're suffering if you
are at work I yeah what about the people
that blame circumstance for not being
able to take ownership and build that
discipline so they're just constantly
like pointing outside themselves how do
they like acknowledge that but no I have
the opportunity right now yeah but
that's that's the fundamental core of of
where this is a problem is when people
look around and they blame they but if
they're in business they blame the
market or they blame their competitors
or if their personal life they being
with their family they blame their
parents they blame everyone else and
they never look at themselves and say
you know what
maybe it's not this is my fault but what
can I do about it
I'm at a station I'm never gonna find
attract surprises you stand
so the question I get asked most often
about my schedule is where do you find
where do I find the hours like how am I
not exhausted all the time from waking
up so uh see your hours of the day that
time time is fungible meaning you can
take hours from one part of your day and
move it to another part of the day so I
made a decision to take two worthless
hours those the hours between 11:00 p.m.
and 1:00 a.m. those are like Netflix and
chill hours I took those hours totally
unproductive hours I moved them to 5:00
a.m. to 7:00 a.m. so what used to be
totally wasted hours are now totally
useful hours so now I go to bed at 11:00
but I get up at 5:00 and instead of
having two hours of nonsense I have two
hours of a hyper productivity first
thing in the morning
Jaakko has a fantastic podcast and a
whole bunch of books including this new
one everything is linked below go check
them out this is great
right uh well I guess so you said the
modesty this one this is the book that
I've read it's fantastic it's so good
okay and the kids books
those kids books thanks for coming by
Jacko thanks for having me man
appreciate it
you
