seems like a nice enough cop here's his
cruiser but he's gonna like give me a
proper summons I'm gonna try my best to
talk him out of it but I have a feeling
so this is the spot where I got the
ticket yesterday and while I was
ticketed for wearing headphones which is
just the reason why the police officer
stopped me and stopped the other
cyclists I think was unfair and rather
than spending four hours going to court
to deal with it I'm gonna spend those
four hours making a video to explain why
I think it was unfair
now why'd the police officer stop me as
I was coming down the way his Berg
bridge here when I got to the bottom of
the bridge I went straight I went
straight through this little passageway
right here
that is not allowed this little hole
that was the point of conflict for this
whole thing it's a one-way passage way
meaning cyclists are only allowed to
come through it in this direction not in
this direction and that is defined by
this sign here that says wrong way if we
could go through over here and not hit
this construction on all that that'd be
one thing if they gave us a separate
route but they don't see when you're
riding your bike down the waves for
bridge and you get the bottom
y'all sense if we have three options
turn left turn right or go straight
the rule breaker watch this cyclist
you see that that was a that was an
example of the problem when you're
coming down when you're cycling down
this bridge it's intuitive to think you
can go straight there's clearly a left
turn there's clearly a right turn and
then because of the fact that this
street here Delancey Street is a two-way
Road obviously the bike paths would have
two different lanes for two different
directions of traffic that's not the
case that's where it's very
counterintuitive why is there not to me
it just makes sense you've got it's a
flow it's a guess no come down there's
straight on real easy safe don't have to
worry about anything you see everyone
it's hard trying to make this turn here
with people walk in and your people
cross in but I've seen people pulled
over here it's a shitty thing
I would like to criticize the architect
or city planner who designed this really
counterintuitive somewhat nonsensical
traffic system for cyclists here now to
me these arrows say traffic goes in this
direction which directly contradicts the
wrong-way sign the police officer who
was a total gentleman and very
respectful the police officer explained
that yesterday someone was was hit by a
cyclist that came through this exact way
that's why he was out ticketing people
and it was that premise that made me
want to make this video because because
the public safety is the concern well
then I think that's fantastic so here's
a simple solution that I suggested the
city of New York instead of harassing
and fining cyclists like myself how
about this what is really here for
traffic going in this direction another
here for traffic going in that direction
that way the traffic eastbound and
westbound will be delineated the same
way it is for for cars here or the way
it is for cyclists on the bridge watch
this guy
it's just not intuitive to stop you
don't know you can't even read these
signs watch the stuff
now how are we supposed to learn any
harder dollars
and lastly I just want the sea to know
that I paid the paid the summons I say
you to check that's it
beautiful braids
because cyclists don't follow the law
like they're supposed to pop that guy
just went through a red light do you see
the Motor Vehicles going through the red
light no you don't cyclist is supposed
to stop for the red light
no I understand I would just all right I
would just say that these laws aren't as
clear I'm a law-abiding guy I'm just
saying it's not clearly labeled I lived
here forever got six people here
