yeah ready cuz today is the day
that's right the podcast our podcast
couples therapy launched this morning
this video is just an announcement video
to let you know that the podcast
launched this morning and to encourage
you to click on the link below and go
listen to it it's kind of interesting
you get the podcasts on anchor you can
get it on Spotify can get it on Apple I
by podcasts it's available anywhere
podcasts are available look look look
that's what it looks like
look the podcasts I think came out
really really well it was the first time
we did was the first time Candace and I
sat down and did it so I know the why I
wanted to the podcast show me it was
it's called couples therapy which is
sort of a tongue-in-cheek title but in
the end if I'm actually a lot of time
talking about mental health but it was a
it was a great conversation Candice is
like a superstar and that was the point
of doing this podcast in the first place
it's like give her an opportunity to
speak that's not me editing her like in
my videos but tip um well in real life
I'm hysterical but some people have to
know me to get my humor to share with
you what it's like to sort of be in the
spotlight of being a YouTube creator
what's up what's that like as a married
person as a parent what's that like as a
couple so that's the podcast check out
this cover art right here
I do want to thank everyone that sent in
jingles Candace and I need an intro
jingle what should it sound like baby
what is that here's a couple of them
another one and then here's the one we
selected
that's good right hey do we who's the
person who made that do we know yeah
Luke emailed back so just quickly go to
Luke's email route at the top Wallner
Robert Wallner made that jingle Robert
thank you I will be sure to send you
lots of presents and prizes okay so
that's kind of it
again I encourage you to click on the
link below to listen this first episode
doesn't have any ads or anything we
haven't quite figured how to monetize it
but this is like the first time I've
launched something that is not a YouTube
video but that's about I hope you like
it
feel free to comment below what you
think of it or give us feedback and then
the last thing that I would say about
the podcast is that we are soon gonna do
a thing where we have a new YouTube
channel where I just post videos of the
podcast where it's just like literally
can see me just talking to each other
for half an hour or however long the
podcast is but that's not up and running
yet so for now you gotta actually
download and then okay thanks
