cameras like that
see what I see up there it's almost
almost sunny outside let's go this way I
don't know
hold on a second I gotta figure
something out holding this in my hand
it's like a nightmare
it's really raining now we're heading
straight up the West Side Highway 34 3
tech review Tuesday we're beginning this
episode at B&H photo video
arguably the greatest camera video store
on planet Earth
how we gonna knuckleball box what are
the chances bikes are gonna be here
loose them out this is done every good
not too good no good fine ready okay
that's good
so our mission here is singular we're
gonna go inside B and H and we're gonna
find what it is we're gonna review for
this week's technology Tuesday tech
let's go let's go to the like weird
surveillance like off-brand off actually
gonna do yeah this is the kind of weird
but I was thinking look Judy I think we
should get this coca-cola camera that is
cool coke bottle is out of stock we're
eating at a water bottle camera instead
okay so on this in this box is in water
bottle surveillance cameras capable of
recording at 1080p high definition video
with supposedly decent sound it comes in
an unmarked box there's no label on this
this whole thing costs $90 here's what's
in the box
we've got directions the bottle bottle
cap
camera module there's nothing special
about the bottle it separate it's a
little bit heavier plastic than a
regular water bottle I have this cutout
here the camera kind of goes in yeah
fits in like that put the memory card in
you see the lens there a lens is that
tiny dot aha look at it alright you see
the hole right there that hole is meant
to be lined up with with the lens of the
camera module that goes into the bottle
it's gonna site and try to shoot
something with this alright so the last
step in the assembly of this water
bottle camera is to actually put water
in here the camera module is protected
because on the outside of the plastic
okay so it's now filled up with water
there's no way you would know that this
is a camera it even has a little plastic
bit here that makes it look like it's
never been open the weights the same
that feels the same okay this is now a
video camera this shot this shot is on
an eight thousand dollar proper camera
let me ask you a question
you notice anything strange about this
water bottle
there's a video camera yes it's a spy
camera see we don't know if it's
actually recording anything should go
back dump the card and co2 looks like
now yeah
all right so I'm looking at the water
bottle spy camera footage for the first
time it's not terrible it has this kind
of strange weirdo retro II grainy gritty
raw look to it and while I can't be of
any practical purpose for something like
this it isn't interesting aesthetic and
for 80 bucks
it does kind of work
so in conclusion I don't know I guess if
you need a spy camera for $80 this thing
is fine but everybody having a cell
phone on their person and cell phones
all having high def cameras built-in why
the hell would anybody need something
like this except for really really
really really really creepy gross
reasons why would somebody need this Dan
go spying on their like why something
yeah creepy yeah so I guess my
conclusion is that I feel like the world
would be a better place if this thing
didn't exist we'll see you next week on
tech review Tuesday hey just real quick
before you click away yesterday a friend
of mine and a fantastic creator named
Simone yutz she posted a video called
I've got a brain tumor and in it she
shares the fact that she just learned
she has a very serious brain tumor if
you don't know Simone by the way you
should check out her channel she is she
makes robots and she has a robotics
channel she also has the only as a woman
she has the only robotics channel with
over a million subscribers hosted by a
woman she's she's done incredible work
incredible creator because of this
community have gotten to know her and
she's an incredible person in the very
heartfelt video where she talks about
her her brain tumor it's also funny it's
link below you should watch it she says
how much support she draws from the
YouTube community so I thought why not
send this audience like why don't we go
over to her channel and just let Simone
know that we're all thinking of her and
we were wishing her the very best as she
deals with this very very scary medical
issue okay Simone thinking of you thank
you everyone
I'll see you tomorrow tonight is a
Swedish inventor and YouTube star best
known for making robots that are really
good at not doing what they're meant to
please welcome Simone
yes Simone thanks so much for being here
now someone you are when did you start
building robots I started building I
started like doing hardware hacking
about two years ago and I just
you
