Daniel dan dan you're not allowed in the
office
you're allowed the basement is where you
the basement is your domain
dan
welcome to three six a pretty crap day
in New York City but I'm not complaining
because today I'm going away
look at the barbed wire up there because
that's like a jail that barbed wire
Chinatown
they like sit at these tables in gamble
it's pretty awesome so tonight we're
going away as like a family Candace
Francine and me when we're stuck in the
city I'm always working Candace oh he's
working the kids in school so tonight
it's kind of a it's just it's a special
thing let me just show you around real
quick over here down there that's like
prisoner transport so this there's an
entrance right there that's where they
bring people in and out of the big jail
there this high restaurants particularly
good because you can sit in the window
and watch all this activity here if you
find that kind of thing interesting I do
then over here these guys are just doing
some sort of sir they're playing some
sort of game
it was gamble they had money out what's
interesting the men play over here and
then the women play over here
and then up here is like a pagoda kind
of thing there's always a little bit of
interesting is happening up here at any
given time
these people are sword fighting anyway
I lived here so I passed through this
park every day my way to work just kind
of one of my favorite places yeah
today's today bet you leave me no yes
but let's tell the story of how Dan
encasing that you're sitting kinda close
yeah I thought this was love story
alright so Dan first appeared in like
episode the first episodes of 3 6 8 and
there are a lot of questions as to where
he came from although your accent kinda
know people have said they like my New
Zealand accent other people think I'm
from Australia I had some really strange
runs alright so yeah this is the story
of how Dan and I know each other
Dan's from Cape Town South Africa my
wife is South African so we usually go
to Cape Town to see your family at least
once a year where are you going surfing
Muizenberg God so you must have seen
like on my profile or something I must
have been had a surfing photo or
something and that's where the whole
shark thing began good to see you
if it seemed a bit great white sharks
Thanks
no joke there's a big like shark sign
that day when we went out and there's a
black flag I didn't know him and he's
like watch out for the Sharks watch out
for the Sharks
it looks like there'd be sharks lurking
around no I don't know what does that
mean we went surfing in South Africa it
was a good time but I was invited there
to speak at this like really fancy it's
a big deal right that's a big it's out
like biggest creative I was I was there
to speak of this big create event and
they gave me this super fancy super posh
hotel room I like Dan and I was like
dude I had this sweet hotel room if you
want to bring your girlfriend there to
stay the night is like a thing you know
I'm not using it and he was like sure
and I was like here's the card just
whatever you do don't make a fuss at the
door I I got it so I got into a massive
fight with my girlfriend at the time
then long story short I ended up running
away from her dad in her house and I
jumped over the fence and I broke my
foot and then I phoned you and I was
like dude do you think I can still go to
the photo room so to try and apologize
to her I put on a tuxedo with no shoe
cuz I had my broken foot and I was like
dragging it through the bottom of the
hotel and I was like I'm coming in and
they were like no you not and I was like
no but I know Casey Neistat and then
eventually I got into the room but it
caused a massive big problem and I
actually never ended up getting back
together with that it goes yeah so
that's that hope that was like the first
time we met it was it was entirely a
scene movie hangover
yeah yeah this feels like my life you
know I was in jail once
what that doesn't have anything to do
with this what do you mean jail in
Africa in Bali
no in two islands west of Bali in
Indonesia in India
I got jugs planted on me it was just
like that was when I was 18 that was ten
years ago and it like how much time did
you spend in Indonesian jail a couple of
days really we broke out Bri we we broke
out those five of us on I'm telling you
though I do like he made a gun out of
soap and held up your guards no like I
was put in like this holding room well
my friend Dan is here from South Africa
they saw that and that concludes story
time Dan and Casey how we met I will see
you I'm gonna are you you have a friend
here do you know what codependency is
yes I have that poking my head in three
six eighty two seconds I gotta show you
look at this place
fancy furniture we got snacks now we've
got a printer chinners forte 75 inches
77 inches something like that couch for
meetings chairs for power meetings books
about YouTube
Dyson bladeless fan is a fantasy stool
10 impressive right it's like a real
office this the brain of three six eight
is nearly close enough is almost is
pretty much complete though wasn't your
fault shoot I do need help
thank you very much sir she's checking
to see if we can get on the plane
you're the best Michelle thank you it's
all because of this woman
JetBlue you should give make sure you
give this woman a raise she's been
amazing where does that going now thank
you okay but I did say we should leave
before did I not yes you're right aren't
you glad we didn't know I know because
now we don't have time to like schmeyer
around and do our stuff
last one on the plane very last one
there's the plane but we made it
we've hit it
or our way
