that's the luckiest pigeon in New York
City right there whole piece of pizza
all to himself
pouring pouring rain out today I can't
break another another boosted board by
riding in the rain so take the subway
plus taking the subway makes me feel
like no New Yorker
so today is the day after months of
talking about it today is the day that
we're going to record our first podcast
I don't know if we're gonna release it
this is sort of an experiment but I'm
excited that it's happening going to get
Candice now sleeping but you're napping
it's our podcast I'm your podcast is
cutting into my nap time
there's nowhere to park at 360 poop
Leyton fun Owen back ya go around back
we're right here well we haven't done
anything down here but look this is just
a picnic table that's nearly broken
there's our set they got you down here
screws anchor the podcasting company
well this is Mike the CEO like in so
what happened
don't be keep doing drawing on the walls
was Dan's idea anxious anxious to get
started
I think the set is almost done I filmed
this entire process what the Builder the
build up dude like non-stop from the
beginning II lots of gelling as we shall
make it the intro make it the info yeah
to make up for your tech Tuesday exactly
how's it come along back here chasing up
right you're stepping out we've got such
big big plans and such a little bit of
time you know she says she is she's
worried she's not peppy enough to the
cab out there this is a soundcheck
okay we are about to record you I wanted
to do one quick call to action before we
start this which is Candace and I need
an intro jingle give me some parameters
which is an intro jingle like how long a
minute long jingle I was thinking like
four seconds
welcome to Candice and Casey couples
therapy cha-cha-cha yeah that's how
thinking getting ready I'll put a link
below send us some intro jingle
here's Candace for some thoughts what
should it sound like baby guys do you
mind getting the hell out of here so we
can uh not be nervous I'll see you guys
soon I'll I'll text somebody we're done
thanks dad okay that's it this is the
beginning of the podcast we're gonna
stop
so welcome to the first ever podcast
this is the couples therapy with Casey
and Candice podcast it's very awkward
because there's three cameras lighting
no one else down here we were talking to
each other with microphones and
headphones on and you have sunglasses on
well how is this supposed to be natural
alright not a hundred percent confirmed
but I think that podcasts our first
podcast gonna be out May 4th Friday May
4th that's a week from today I think
I'll keep you updated via the vlog I
just yeah it came out great how does
that feel
that was good was it fun for you yeah I
just wonder if anybody's mean I think
it's interesting I mean who the fuck
cares
you are fascinating yes I was listening
to my headphones you sounded great Jane
Shadow Puppets it was very cathartic you
were good what I'll take any opportunity
to talk to you and interrupted you were
like on an exciting is good I wasn't on
I was just excited to talk to you
yeah all right I'm doing a bit of a
thing here so like three days ago we did
an episode we're going to White Castle
and we tried their fake meat burgers
called the impossible burger dan refused
to try the fake meat burger dandy dan do
you want to try a fake meat no ed so
tonight I'm going to a different burger
restaurant called Umami Burger I'm gonna
tell Dan I'm getting him the best burger
in the city to make up for the White
Castle burger but what I'm not going to
tell him what I'm not telling him is
that the burger that I'm getting from
Umami Burger is also a fake meat burger
also called the impossible burger but
it's supposed to be like the best one
ever that's what everybody in the
internet said so this is a big this is
somewhere between a prank and an
experiment on Dan mace is the place that
has the burger
hi I called ahead I ordered two of the
impossible burgers okay see it's me this
is done yeah perfect thank you
I got them they're just about to close
these things cost 16 bucks each $15 this
thing better be great my god I just
realized he might recognize that it says
impossible good take the sticker off
my brother ah thank you myself it's
supposed to be like the best burger you
can get thank you dude
they cost $16 Wow you can buy full meals
back at home at night as promised sir
one of the best cheeseburgers in New
York City to make up for I know you
weren't a fan of white pads cause
Candace how good is Umami Burger
oh good see it smells good honest rating
it's good you like it we all immediately
like ah but this is like mm and you like
yeah so you wouldn't hurt my feelings if
you don't like it no I really like it
did you see my reaction
yeah it's positive but hip-hop eaters
dinner from the camera cuz you want to
be a positive guy the beef is soft this
Dana feels like I can I can understand
how they made the Pasi from the
beginning okay I can see the price I can
see them patting it and working it and
frying that's and right of it okay you
ready understand that I'm keeping the
whole way through my panic all right
hold on this is a phrase that is the
fake burger
that's the impossible burger No
they're to know do you lying there you
like absolutely like what if this is
Beach
that's not be I mean if this is not be
yeah and it's so good
you couldn't you genuinely can't tell
how do they make the Peggy passed the
test
were you in on this suit on tomorrow's
episode of three six eight
