Oh what what what are you thinking with
that sweatshirt yeah dude I went to the
place that you took me to it you said I
should try and fit in so this is me
fitting in local you know the hardest
part of traveling so much is it messes
with your schedule and the things that
you regularly do everyday become hard to
fit in which makes me miss my run like
heat missing my runs as much as I wish
there were trails here and dirt to run
and anything but concrete New York City
still my favorite place to run in the
entire world
thank you that's the dream ten-mile run
followed by a juice but I don't run it's
never too so I don't run it's usually
egg McMuffin or pancakes
to sort of newsy things that I wanted to
start today's show with the first one is
pretty sad and then the second one makes
me pretty mad the first one is that I
just found out a vici died maybe this is
old news by the time you're seeing this
video but now I just saw that Avicii
died he's only 28 years old but when
someone that young passes away I always
take it as a time to sort of pause and
reflect on what the most important
things are in life I used to kind of
knows the better things go like everyone
said the more haters you get like by
default and I mean you can't say it to
everyone
I mean it doesn't really matter and then
the second thing I want to bring up to
you was I saw this article today ready
over to you I'm reading at a news week
here youtuber facing two years in jail
for feeding toothpaste Oreos to homeless
man as if someone who doesn't have a
place to live doesn't have enough
problems you gotta feed him poison
what's up but the reason why I take this
personally so many people this world
don't know what YouTube or youtubers are
what it is we do or why you watch
YouTube content and when some like this
gets all this attention and hopefully
goes to jail but gets all this attention
we're doing something this horrible so
many people who don't understand this
platform then associate this kind of
jackassery with what it is that we do
here on YouTube now you may have noticed
in previous episodes that I boosted
boards
my food support has a gigantic green
arrow on it this arrows to delineate
which direction is a foot from which is
the back they put this little tiny
orange arrow there for you but that job
it's pretty easy to miss if you stand up
and you think step this is forward and
this is backward and if you got to go
run you that's a quick way to break a
hip
so the arrow here it solves for that
problem not with the advent of the the
boosted mini is asymmetrical meaning the
tail is a different shape from the nose
so it's very easy to distinguish the
front from the back I guess what I'm
trying to say with this is that still
feel a bit of a compulsion to make this
to make this mine in some capacity
huh what do you think very why do you
have to write your name in front of
every single thing you own tell my
people no it's mine hurry hurry I'm like
oh my gosh you know I'm like freaking
out to name the ladies late and then
with my bag going through the laptops
coming through I'm like then I grab the
bag leave the laptop and that's
basically but I got a brand new laptop
out of it yeah I'm pretty psyched and
they found math at up job honey yeah
look this has your name on it it says
Candace and KC online sales there was a
moment in one of the previous episodes
where in Candace and I are fighting over
who ate the last ding dong whoever sent
us all these ding-dongs thank you you
know what they say a happy wife happy
life where you going with those ding
dong this morning I woke up with this
with and so I just decided to myself I
find it to myself and never talked about
it and did not go and shout it when you
walk into
so this is the first time I'm using the
boosted word mini as like a real means
of transport last week I was using it it
was just to test it out
suddenly just occurred to me yeah this
is part 2 of 100 part series KC's guide
to New York City this here this is China
Thomas is where the good like Chinese
restaurants are that's where you buy
your counterfeit handbags this is you yo
sure do a nice t-shirt look you get this
right here free so you can buy some all
kinds of different smoking devices done
yeah there's the bald guy trying to top
it you get anything trying to tell the
best restaurant here is called big Wang
it's on it's on Mott Street just south
of Canal Street no joke that the name is
funny big Wang great restaurant
yeah he was having a tough day that
concludes this week's episode of Casey's
guide to New York City chinatown edition
what did you do my system for gonna get
so excited and tell y'all good I've got
in it how we take all those bumps
without falling do you again dear do you
besides the cold weather do you miss
Cape Town yes
times really yeah it's like
it's not just the surf it's not my
family the thing I miss the most is
routine like being able to wake up and
know exactly where I am and where to get
things it's funny that that's the thing
you point out is as what's up what's
hard about the you know how do the hurt
thing about being in New York because
the only person you know is me and I'm
impossible no I know I don't like to
hang out I don't like do anything fun I
just like to work all the time yeah but
I mean I like I'm on the same frequency
I came here for one reason and that was
to freeze should be freezing cold but
tonight put myself out of my comfort
zone and just completely throw myself
into doing making one great phone every
single day oh and the one thing I don't
miss is the fact that there's no water I
know that that's a hot like okay there's
no instance of Sun in Cape Town South
Africa right now they're in in the midst
of one of the most severe droughts any
major city on planet earth has ever
experienced and that's what Dan left
behind Cape Town is preparing for the
day when it just might have no water at
all and like I guess the fact is that I
can pass yeah which is really nice yeah
you can take baths at home no yeah I do
the whole thing with candles and my
really loud bar thing dude it's my
favorite thing in the world this is the
life
we are for an attack see now both of our
skateboards died no regrets I'll call
you later about the Edit okay just smack
it
on tomorrow's episode of three six eight
