welcome to 368 on the road from Dublin
Ireland never been to Dublin before
quite the adventure getting here last
night aside we were stuck in the airport
for quite quite some time but we made it
here happy to be here we're here for a
very short window of time and it's
amazing year or supposed to rain it's
beautiful out so I immediately flew my
drone it flew away I specifically told
you not to fly Dan specifically told me
not to my ways dressed as he's driving
we have like like we were both
completely like crazy I we're both
totally delirious from the flight last
night but we have like a solid two hours
left here in Dublin and we're just you
know we haven't saved between our
complaining we feel frayed it to
Starbucks
two hours what should we do
this is part of the problem boom no one
knows this to everybody we've asked a
hundred people every person's like go to
the pub get up as I hit a few what
should we do here in Dublin
well question question what should we do
today you're in here in Dublin and what
should we do while we're in Ireland we
have like half a day
half a day
it's gonna tomorrow we what day is it
today
I think it's Monday today's Monday yeah
we've been here with the understanding
that my talk which is why I'm here is
later this afternoon's we have like
three hours
but like 10 people have come up to us
being like I'll see you tomorrow at the
top it says yeah but you get picked up
yeah yeah yeah Casey we're at the main
hotel Insurance Tuesday Wednesday this
is good news we've been like rushing her
up you know good one Mike's exactly the
same so they might be a little bit
bigger I'm not too sure and what's your
name Barry Dobson I'm an actor and
things like that sort stuff so that's
what I haven't used these cameras but so
wait is your talk tomorrow it's tomorrow
we have an extra day now I think we go
back to hotel great are you gonna say
the S word no not sleep bring about an
upload that you were come on
I feel like such an idiot now looking at
everybody weird you and they said see
you tomorrow I was like we're gonna be
gone tomorrow and now are they gonna see
us we are just a couple of total morons
today you know what it is it's because
so we haven't taken a key I don't want
it I don't wanna do the whole sleeping
thing again but but it's a thing but
hoping I don't know what day it is yeah
it's a problem with taking overnight
flights
yeah a little confused ache but it's
wonderful news because it now means we
have an entire day it now means we have
an entire day here in Ireland here in
Dublin instead of four hours which is
what we thought so when I when we
realized earlier that we had like a
whole day free instead of just a couple
hours we thought we'd come back here and
just reset that was six hours ago we've
done six hours of not leaving this room
six hours of sitting our computers
working six hours of not embracing
Dublin but instead can we go to the
beach right now you can yeah sure you
can take the tram to the train station
and then you can fit the train to carry
just take a taxi
hello sit I'm going to the beach
yes is that a stupid idea to do we're at
the seaside it is windy here
it's amazing the air is like a thick
moist look it's very cold it's like you
could like did she have to chew the air
before you inhale it but it is lovely
here and we made it before the Sun set I
wish she spent a little bit less time in
our hotel room today but we're squarely
making up for it now
all right well a little delirious from
the jetlag but it is amazing down here
now I have a question for you the
audience if you could sort of settle
something between Dan and I Dan uses a
phrase all the time that I don't think
it's a real usage that anyone else does
I think he invented this but he uses the
word he uses the word smack and I don't
mean like to strike someone with an open
hand smack how do you use it like to get
things done like let's pack it just
smack it come on dude let's smack how
did he say to me earlier oh yeah we it
could be like when we shooting I could
be like should we just smack that time
lapse and it means to like just do it
that much quicker and that much better
yeah it's like the poor decision let's
smack it in so that means like however
we're gonna smack it and means like to
do it that's not a real thing is it it
fully is and and the thing about it is
when you commit to smacking it you have
to go through you can't be like like
Casey on the plane that he's gonna smack
he's in it in one hour and then he
passes out like if you commit to
smacking it you have to go like you have
to push through so if you believe in the
term let's try and make it into the
rocky all no no definitely if enough
people want to smack it with me start
using the word and eventually it could
make it up into some sort of like if
everyone just starts smacking at the
world would be a better place
I feel one of the best you've ever had
how was it two and a half three it was
good what was happening with na Phoenix
so Dan asked our taxi driver where we
would find a good time tonight neither
of us are drinking so it's a bit of a
crapshoot but we're gonna go we're gonna
go explore it's a new friend I'm from
Germany but I study here doing the
master's degree so I she's Irish she's
the real Irish sounds like it's
happening in there I can't go in there
why not there's no way I don't do well
in crowds then I'm not a drinker out of
like bars come on I never go out at
night this is why these men smack it
on tomorrow's episode of three six eight
you
