hello and welcome to another exciting
episode of tech review Tuesday take the
Tuesday's next week I will try a little
bit harder but this is the base that
could come up within the time that I had
okay
so last week last week on tech review
Tuesday I reviewed on last week's tech
review Tuesday I reviewed this $35 lens
on this week's tech review Tuesday are
reviewing this 640 thousand dollar car
join me on this comprehensive review of
this of this vehicle
this year's the 2018 rolls-royce phantom
8 generation let's go ahead and start
this review by showing you what it's
like to be a passenger except actually
you don't even need to shut the door
hold on check this out ready push this
button here there's an umbrella here
now one of the highlight features of
this car is the roof ready watch this it
has these like DJ Khaled's style
stars that just appear in the ceiling
see them back here your refrigerator
stocked with champagne and champagne
flutes real crystal it is real crystal
and then here you've got your control
area media map and then here get your
cup holders standard rolls-royce issued
cup holders on the side here is where
your seat controls are they're fairly
comprehensive this this carpet here
it's lamb's wool or sheepskin or
something see this what's the thing on
the floor underneath the ah format
and lifts your feet up on us so on the
floor here you've got a footrest
elevator simply punch this part here and
there is a massage feature back here mmm
it kind of rolls up and down your back
it starts real low this pillows just
incredibly soft
it's plushness is almost intimate look
at that and then here in the back of the
front seat is the multimedia system I
think you push this button there you get
it to open
so this is the multimedia system here
you control it with the controller that
lives under here and then when you put
away the monitor when you put away the
monitor you're left with like an
airplane tray to put your snacks and
champagne on now I'm sure there are more
features back here but I want to go up
front and have a look at the driver's
seat this is what it's like in the
cockpit now either the guy who drives
this car is really tall or I've got the
seat I feel tiny back here I feel like
my grandmother when she used to drive
like I can barely see over the steering
this cars got cameras all around it I
don't know what all of them are for but
it's really interesting yeah what you
can like here there's another camera
right there where's the camera there
there and then that's a camera there
look at this one camera in the front of
the car I don't know how it works this
is the front of the car and you can
actually see what's behind the car I
don't know how it does that and this is
the car as if there's a drone above the
car looking down on it you see this
button right here the one full moon on
it this button that turns on an infrared
camera have a look that's stand right
there and that's Dan in infrared dan in
real life and Dan an infrared the
control panel here these are all LCD
screens and this is like a glass this is
like glass and all of these displays in
the clocks of the air behind this glass
so my conclusive review of the
rolls-royce eighth-generation phantom is
uh well it's a fine fine vehicle for six
hundred and forty thousand dollars I'm
gonna drive it now Betty
well you leave me go we know it's
something in your voice I can never
please the shooter from yo leaves I can
almost taste it on tomorrow's episode of
3 6 8
