I hope you're okay you the bass babe I
stress that hi my name is Nick Wallace
I'm 18 years old I'm from San Diego
California four years ago I had a liver
transplant and after the liver
transplant they give you the whole
make-a-wish thing which I know you've
liked for the past two years or so I've
been super into filmmaking I really
really like your vlogs I really like all
your work I guess I get to come out and
not meet you so I'm super super super
fat and yeah super excited Nick was
granted a wish as part of the
make-a-wish Foundation the make-a-wish
Foundation which I've talked about in
this channel before is a nonprofit that
grants wishes to kids that have
life-threatening illnesses and Nick was
one of those kids and for his wish he
wanted to come to New York City and part
of that was to come say hi to me so I'm
very very excited to meet him
this is Nick hey Nick welcome to the
studio tell us about how and why you
were sick um well I was diagnosed with a
liver problem called biliary atresia
when I was around two weeks old it gives
you a lot of stomachaches I waited for
about thirteen years for a transplant
and so I went for those thirteen years
through some pretty tough hard times
dealing with that which really sucked
how old were you when you had when you
got a new liver
twelve as well yes yes September 28th
2012 was the day you want to be a
filmmaker I had an idea which is we
should try to make a narrative movie and
we can premiere the narrative movie on
my channel at the end of this at the end
of this vlog what do you think sounds
awesome okay you're the director okay
Dan over there has had a production and
I'm the producer okay I put together the
production team in the director okay so
I am very in yes his handwriting is way
better than my story we've got the story
that's all locked in we got the story
number two is props we need props you
need some outfits some brains and a
lightsaber
I like that stuffy brains what about
what about blood we need fake blood yeah
we need a lot of fake blood
I'm Nick and on the inspector I'm done
and I'm the dime so in this chest of
Casey I'll be playing the bad guy
location we've got three six eight yeah
which I think look good on you in their
studio you can apply your costume yep
good luck are you putting on your
costume you got a bad everything I do
yeah zombie zombie comp
that looks good on you it's gonna be a
Hollywood blockbuster I think your date
has arrived all right so we are one shot
into the shoot we're in costume we just
got the second shot director how do you
think it went
thank you but very well very very well
okay good you're happy so far they're
happy okay we're just going out here to
shoot we forgot to turn up the smoke
look how do you think abruption join so
fun very nice and now I hope you'll
enjoy the world premiere of my first
zombie movie if you do enjoy the world
premiere of this first dobby movie click
on the link below and go subscribe to
Nick's YouTube channel
he is a virtuoso filmmaker let's get
that sub count up
hello hello is this the zombie inspector
yes
this is I've been bitten Billy yes I'll
be right there
please hurry I've got a situation here
will you come with me anything for you
bitch you know how much I love you
son inspector open up I need help I
think I may be infected nothing the
zombie inspector can't fix okay you stay
here and be safe I'll take care of
business you sure yes I'm skinny
be safe hello
is anybody out there hello hello is
anybody out there
right here help me not so fast mr.
zombie
that'll teach him quick get me out of
here
I hope you're okay hi you the best babe
Casey nice that that's what they used to
call me before the zombies attacked and
what's your name little lady she's taken
how do you think it went very well I
think it went very well too
before you leave I wanted to give you I
know you asked me to sign your
sunglasses but Nick I made you your very
own pair and I engraved your name in the
side holy cow
let's see how do they look on him amazed
they look good on you man
