would you like a smoke and a pancake
gonna start eatin it's 7:00 in the
morning we made pancakes for breakfast
I wonder what's gonna last longer this
vlog are my marriage so I've got this
present this present for Candice it's
well it's kind of been a long time in
the making I'm fantastic how are you and
the pink one the big ones for Candice
right amazing awesome thank you so much
I'm so excited about this it's happening
how you doing I'm Casey this is like the
greatest toy store ever
are these Elektra are these motorized
surfboards dude we should take these up
and down the East River this summer
what's this some what's this thing
Janice is not new 36 miles yeah you are
to be staked ready yeah I'm ready
all right we're gonna take these things
out of here
this is it hey honey we're outside
Roy's here and we have a surprise for
you do you want to come outside and see
your surprise okay she sounds so excited
very gently very good gentle gentle
please don't get hurt what do you think
yeah awesome how do you like the color
scheme it's really good so you taking
upstairs yeah let's take it upstairs I
told you she'd like it dude I'll talk to
you soon what did you do it's the
official Billy electric motorcycle
bicycle Street
it's legalish will you ride it no
absolutely wait you know you don't want
to paint Billy Boy it's secret
what's it for it's the next stuff but
nobody's gonna see it except for you me
and the viewers of the vlog like 1990
stars in the inspiration I can't show
that in the vlog my first belly item
I should be ready to start the podcast
in two weeks
are you still excited you're
enthusiastic to do it I hope you like
the new bike it is cool right bye guys
how am I gonna get back can we borrow
your new bike
Oh
because we just talk to give this about
the podcast so the big plan for podcasts
and kind of goes like this
we'll use this space down here and we'll
build a couple of studios as in small
spaces that have really good sound then
when friends of mine other creators
maybe I don't really know how to source
the right people yet but people who are
interested in doing podcast they could
come here do it out of here we'll have
the production resources we will have by
then partnered with a distribution
partner and it sort of plug and play
podcasting but on a really professional
level and then you're part of like the
three six eight network which means we
can all be promoting each other and
helping each other and and figure out
how to monetize these podcasts so people
can make money by doing them that's the
vision and it's gonna start with the
podcast that Candis and I are doing
which I hope to have launched by here in
pieces like we tackle one construction
job at a time and the first piece I
wanted to tackle was the brain of the
operation which is the office that
overlooks the entire space remember the
office at 3:00 next to the bathroom well
the big news is construction has begun
these aluminum shoe I force here are the
structure for the wall that will close
in the closet here disabled over here
this was the door
now this going to be a wall always miss
youla then the office space itself it's
hard to see right now that the use your
imagination
wool there wall there door here to enter
and then then the crown jewel of the
office right here which is the door out
onto the crow's nest this is the thing
that I've always wanted as long as I've
been in this space a way to leave this
space here and walk out and overlook the
whole thing this hole in the wall here
means that it's actually happening that
started this morning it's very exciting
if this goes nut hoop I'll give up pizza
for the next month guess I can still eat
pizza
all right I'm heading home tonight
Candace Candace has a business dinner
and tonight I'm watching the little one
by myself very very excited you think we
could take Fox for a spin uh before you
go thanks place for a proper space I am
done with work and I wanted to come find
you
mommy's still at work is there anything
special you want to do with Daddy
tonight what do you want to do do you
want to go to the playground for until
it gets dark out okay great let's do it
you're gonna push it thank you you are a
big girl we're not gonna get any candy
okay I don't know why she likes candy so
much no we don't have those at home I
don't know where she gets it from my
life alone with the baby are my favorite
nights all right that's it that's it
four three six eight we'll see you
tomorrow on tomorrow's episode of three
six eight
