how many sugars how many sugars no sugar
today is a very very special episode
coming to you we are in Chicago right
now the Windy City
didn't we just speak about not using
sugar incident we're in Chicago for
exactly three hours in those three hours
damn to go to the beach in those three
hours Dan's going to see the bean and
all of Chicago should we do one of those
intro things roll the cool intro alright
man that's the bean kind of cool are we
wearing the same jacket today ah we are
now headed to the lake we're gonna get
ourselves a taxicab or an uber and we're
gonna zip down there are you gonna
explain why we in Chicago why it took me
yeah I will explain why we're in Chicago
that's dude at the lake what's your name
handsome aiya say something awesome
smile I love the city
all right kind of an amazing and super
positive change of plans dan and I found
bicycles
Chicago is one of my favorite cities
because it has yeah okay you need to
look up what the blue mind theory is as
such being surrounded by a large space
of water actually brings your levels of
anxiety down that's why I search when
we're standing at the sea taking it in
quietly it takes away our stress it's
one of the reasons why we love the ocean
so much do you feel happier since we got
to the lake so much happy okay very
exciting because we're here in Chicago
and I don't really have anything to do
it seemed like today would be a great
day for the first ever 3 6 8 Q&A joining
me today is Dan hey look forward to yoga
oh I'm looking for I'm looking forward
to questions also we didn't shoot a
proper Q&A intro for 316 yeah boo did
shoot this little nugget
so those of you new around here I
usually ask via Twitter you can follow
me on twitter my link is a great
question from Jason Caron Ã¶they what do
you in Canada is planning on starting
the podcast I would say realistically
the podcast will be started within the
next two weeks and the podcast will have
a video component in addition to like
the regular podcast which we would
download and listen to his audio weird a
video too so what is done actually do
out there what what is Dan actually do
aside sleep Dan's just like my homie
from South Africa whenever I'm in Cape
Town visiting we make movies together he
told me he was coming to visit New York
City and I was like I'm starting this
series just being a homey that's what
Dan does how many people do you plan on
employing at 3 6 8 large ask that
question Lars
I plan on employing as few of people as
possible to make that place run like a
well-oiled machine when you have too
many people your responsibilities become
management instead of action and I hate
managing people okay this one is dear to
my heart will Joe be joining you in New
York City
Joe is Dan's dog let's cuts a photo of
him so you can yes this is how many's
Christmas Jes I guess I mean half horse
case you don't fish yes I would love to
have your puppy in the office I just
don't know how to get a dog here from
he's an old man
okay there's been a lot of questions
about me sleeping continuously in the
vlog or looking like I'm half asleep hey
that's just me but also a fool sleeps
when he's tired and a wise man sleeps
when he can and I think that yeah 3 6 8
we pushing so hard every single day
every single second that I have the
chance to sleep even if it's on the side
of the pavement
I take that opportunity will Candice
make more appearances on three six eight
yes what the is that hair and all caps
Sami I'm with you this is just a
terrible haircut I had here the blonde
and this is my only option where do you
see this in one year this is in three
six eight
my goal for 316 is to have this be a 500
episode series which means one year from
now I'll still be doing this what are
what are your plans for YouTube damn I
think that I'm I'm super lucky to have
Casey as as a homie and I'm here kind of
learning from him which has been a crazy
experience and what I'm gonna do with
all that knowledge within the next month
I'm gonna start weekly uploading on my
channel will 3 6 8 be entirely edited by
Casey or will other creators upload
their content the mission is about a
space and is about collaboration but 3 6
8 the series this series this is my
series so you know I love collaborating
with people like Dan and in the future
there'll be other collaborations but 3 6
8 the series will always be will always
be my series ok last question here's a
good one from Zack Bennett how do you
all foresee the content in 3 6 8
different from that of the original
vlogs Zack I think it's very similar to
the original vlogs but the ambition is
very different I want to tell a much
bigger story than just my story with 3 6
8 it's just going to take time 3 6 8 the
the vision the company that everything
right now is nothing but an empty space
as my ideas start to become reality I
think you'll see this Daily Show going
directions that take it that take it
away from what people came to understand
as the vlog
Navy Pier I have no idea what that means
there's one more question that came in
that kind of broke my heart and I want
to address it goes like this
it's from smoking Joe how would I be as
good as you when my life isn't very
interesting and I can't afford decent
recording editing equipment I can't seem
to gain any growth after two years of
hard work hard work and patience are
really what's required to find success
in any field in life two years is a very
small amount of time and you gotta be
prepared to commit everything if you
want to stick it out
do we have to get out I had such a good
answer to me creativity is the ability
to be able to believe in the way in
which you see the world so much that you
actually create an art format and from
what I understand like video is an is an
outlet it's a voice poems aren't outlets
music may be an outlet it's it's a
personal perception of the world and the
creation around that that becomes
interesting and I think that like you've
just got to keep at it there's so many
different ways of finding execution and
people that will find your work and
platforms but if you just keep and stay
true to yourself and the way in which
you see things and that's your what your
videos are about that's interesting that
you need that's bloody beautiful
damn what did you think of your tour of
Chicago
Chicago's rad that you are possibly the
worst to a guy
on tomorrow's episode of three six eight
hey I want to come I want to come pick
up the bikes today can I do that I rode
my bicycle fast Oh window last night
i roller-skated to your door at daylight
okay you guys what did you do
you
