what's up making movies well yeah what
y'all doing make it move
I got a void that needs filling and some
time to kill why don't you move me a key
go by and I'll cover the bit cuz you
know I spent money I don't have and if I
was throw me all the French's I don't
grab but the water on the way down
I don't contribute day 1 when you would
say myself ok
early morning bagel run
I've got some kind of kind of bad news
about 368 I mean sighs it's not that big
of a deal but it just kind of sucks see
construction was supposed to start today
with like contractors and construction
workers and plans and architects and all
that stuff but I just found out last
night that um there's like an issue with
our insurance so we had to delay by like
maybe a week maybe up to ten days I
guess it's not that big of a deal it
just kind of sucks but here at 368 we do
things by the books we don't take
chances we follow the rules now I have
always said that the gear doesn't matter
when it comes to telling stories making
videos YouTube and everything in between
the story you tell is always more
important than what you used to tell it
steven soderbergh
big like Hollywood movie director he's
the guy who directed Ocean's eleven and
like 20 other huge movies he shot his
latest feature film like a proper
thriller movie theater horror movie
he shot a lot of cell phone and he's
famously said that the future of
filmmaking is on cell phones and that's
the vision I really subscribe to so I
think it's something that that's
accessible to all of us and it's also a
very good segue to a new segment that's
going to come to you every Tuesday here
on three six eight called tech review
Tuesday Dan roll your new sweet intro
Casey asked me to make some sort of a
kick-ass intro phrase tech Tuesday
segment but I completely forgot I'm not
really worried there because he's not
gonna see this until this video goes
alive next week's tech Tuesday intro
sequence will be sick I promise
hope you guys like that intro Dan's been
working on it all week long all right
now on Facebook I've been seeing this
video pop up like had a really annoying
video you notice for this hyper zoom
lens that you can put on your cell phone
and watching that just like there's no
teen way that thing works so I went
ahead and ordered one record of a better
world
together with you a lot of stuff in this
box I got this whole kit off of Amazon
for thirty-five dollars and 49 cents
maybe that's why I'm so skeptical of it
okay back to the unboxing
at 35 bucks I just don't trust that if
you have to do what they say it's gonna
be able to do but I maintain open mind
made it up before I'm giving me the
dishes water and the cup don't get too
much for this bins and there's two
people around me acquaintances to the
game and I'm enjoying someone chuck is
over to a good man I'm enjoying
someone's kids out which way to grin
I mean it's a chilling April day Sam
it's a little dramatic draw goggles face
faster
I need someplace like cinematic I think
in the far into this pier so this goes
on to here presumably like centered
perfectly okay and now this just kind of
screws on that on there oh and then one
of those is an adapter maybe make it
wider dude I can't believe you actually
fell for like one of those Facebook ads
like you see them all the time you're
like that's just garbage it's like it's
the new as-seen-on-tv thing but yeah you
actually bought it and dude if you
actually get this centered properly I
let's test it all right so this you be a
side-by-side comparison of the $35
Facebook infomercial lens on a cell
phone in a $1000 super zoom lens on a TV
$700 Canon camera body
well color me impressed it's not a total
piece of for 35 bucks
as like sort of a gag but it it actually
works that's the thing that you put it
on and you can get what is a 20x zoom on
here 18 X zoom shot diversity is wildly
underrated when it comes to making
YouTube videos and having a long lens is
important and if all you have is a cell
phone this could prove helpful so I very
gently very reluctantly recommend this
total piece of thirty-five dollar lens
because it sort of almost works
now we have a fun family activity
planned for the afternoon I got a food
that needs fell into some time to kill
why don't you move me a key go by and
I'll cover the bit cuz you know I'm
gonna spend the money I don't have
and if almost throw me all that branches
I don't grab put the water in the bottom
boil go ahead at the bottom and I'll
float to the top bar right crystal
commercial Liberty Science Center it's
like a Children's Museum the trick to
this place is you come about two hours
before closing that way no one else is
here Brandon what do I need to show my
daughter in here how old is your
daughter
three three yeah she definitely needs to
keep playing with the Train okay I would
take her downstairs to the third floor
go to eat erbium that's our miniature
zoom and if she's over 42 inches you
could definitely go on your penny come
over here all right thank you you're
welcome all right oh man I don't know
who gave me two it could be you it could
be someone else you could put it on
yours or put it on the shelf I could go
it alone or I could use some help I
could bring you home or I could bring
myself and if
me to go I'll probably listen to you
find myself all by myself again with
nothing to do write it down this hall
look I'm sorry honey you're not tall
enough that's perfect
oh you don't tell them
hi is it Archer ready okay
I'm tired and unsure as to whether to
talk to you I tried before but only
managed to Bajoran LA come you look so
confident when you written that a bite
song hard and flinch cuz I've been that
what were you today man sleeping these
edits are the best thing we've ever done
the best thing
work we've ever done
now you bite hard on bright shots and
finds myself on tomorrow's episode of
three six eight
