you could hit this thing with a hammer
and not break it
ready ah today's episode of tech review
Tuesday we're gonna be asking one simple
question which is which SmartWatch is
the best SmartWatch
and I do want to apologize for not
having this week's tech review Tuesday
intro complete dan who does the intros
out of town will get to next week before
I get into the specifics of each watch
let me a little context so that is the
SmartWatch spectrum on one end to be
extreme is simply a watch this just
tells the time doesn't know anything
else they tell me the date just the time
on the other end is a fully-fledged
wrist computer and then the middle you
have like a fitness sports focused watch
and then what I think is probably the
the best competitor to the Apple watch
that's the spectrum now before I get
into the intimacy's of each device
there's another major factor to keep in
mind as context when considering a
SmartWatch and that is how much of a
pain in the ass are they for what they
give you in return and there is a very
literal inversely proportional rationale
to how much a SmartWatch can do versus
how much you have to well how big of a
how much of a pain in the ass it is
so here is how the SmartWatch analysis
will be taking place I'll be testing the
watches build quality ecosystem
capability and battery and this will
include a regular watch watch the Garmin
Phoenix five plus the Apple watch 444
millimeter and the big size galaxy watch
now really the reason why I included a
regular watch in this is because it's
just sort of axes of control
bibble quality first up on build is the
Phoenix five plus the build quality is
excellent on this thing it does have a
crystal face like the Apple watch beyond
that all the way around this is it's all
stainless steel this is this is my old
old one you see it's a little bit T it's
a little bit scratched up a little bit
weathered but these things are tough so
overall they're good build quality on
the on the garment now the series for
Apple watch this thing is truly stunning
like to hold in your hands does feel
like you're holding a piece of jewelry
look at that action smooth you could
tell Johnny Ives just like polish this
thing clean very impressed with the
build quality of the Apple watch my
previous Apple watch this is the
generation 3 Apple watch it exploded I
mean it literally exploded what I think
happened to some salt water got under
the screen battery expanded screen
popped off but it's shattered these
things are not built as tough as say a
watch that looks like this the Apple
watch is next up is the galaxy watch I
will say the new galaxy watch has a
certain heft to it it's stainless steel
it feels dense compared to the old
Galaxy gear watches it has a great
weight to it it feels really solid the
plat the bottom on this is plastic it
does feel a little bit I don't know it
feels less jewelry like and more
electronics like when you when you feel
that but it still has a substantial feel
to it and the mechanics on it feel feel
great here that the galaxy watch does
have the weight of the stainless steel
which is beautiful
overall I've got to give it to the
Phoenix 5 with the best build you can
hit this thing with a hammer and not
Fraser's just kidding next up is the
ecosystem starting with our control
watch this is just a watch it doesn't
doesn't have an eco system there's no
eco system none next up is the Phoenix 5
now you can download new watch faces on
the app and I think you maybe download
some apps for it and stuff but they're
not super robust and a lot of the watch
faces you can download are a little bit
janky installing them is a little bit
complicated so there is some ecosystem
not a great ecosystem one thing it does
well though for athletes is that the
data that this collects does communicate
with your other exercise apps like like
straw or whatever it does that very well
so that's kind of the only plus I would
give this when it comes to ecosystem
this is an area where the Apple watch
really thrives and that ecosystem well
it wasn't but after four years the
ecosystem is now what you would expect
from Apple and when you look to the new
like heart rate features that this has
the EKG features that this has I imagine
that the ecosystem around this will only
get more and more robust and the galaxy
watch does have an impressive ecosystem
this is a watch that's designed mainly
for use with Android devices like your
like your Galaxy Notes or whatever it is
that you use but this doesn't use
androids watch OS or whatever the hell
it's called this uses a proprietary
operating system that is owned by
Samsung called Tizen Wow I think the
operating system is really amazing on
this it is limited in its its ecosystem
because the only watches that carry it
are these Samsung watches
one caveat that I would say there about
the Galaxy Watts it's kind of
frustrating about the Apple watch is
that the Apple watch doesn't allow
third-party developers to design watch
faces for it so it's pretty limited the
galaxy watch does allow third-party
developers to make faces for it so
there's a broader selection here I don't
know why Apple's so that's so limiting
capability this is where I want to spend
most of the times I think this is what
differentiates these four devices see
spoiler alert I don't know that I can
say one is better than the other so
really depends on what your needs are
with that if you don't need a computer
strapped to your wrist then you just get
a damn watch you never have to think
about it Ozzie tells you the time now if
you want some smart capabilities well
this is why I like the Garmin watch
because for me it gives you the bare
minimum of what you would kind of want
so when you get a phone call it shows up
on here you can't answer it on here you
can't talk on here same with text
messages it shows you the full text
message on here beyond that when it
comes to athletics I want my heart rate
I want my my distance measured I want
maps and and this does all of that and
does that incredibly well
so the capabilities on on this watch are
vastly superior to just a regular old
dumb watch but they aren't quite as
robust is like a full-fledged
smart watch this watch is basically a
miniaturized iPhone strapped to your
wrist and that could be a good thing or
that could be a bad thing I will say
historically I've gotten almost every
I've gotten to I Apple watches before
but I've stopped wearing both of them
because it just ended up being too much
on my wrist more than I wanted to deal
with III didn't need all of that there
when it was all in my pocket like I
don't I don't know why this exists but I
love this I can watch my own YouTube
videos on this watch now that's a that's
a third-party app that probably
shouldn't exist but it does exist and I
don't know I think that that's cool also
for my capabilities perspective the
operating system on the Galaxy watch I
think is is certainly the best operating
system
any SmartWatch see because this is a
round watch face when you bring up your
apps like that you use this dial to
navigate your apps and when you want to
get into an app you just kind of tap it
in the middle now comparing that the
Apple watch where you do have a dial but
it's this sort of is useful but touching
and rotating this tiny little crown
isn't quite as intuitive as having one
here so judging the capabilities of
these devices is very hard because
quantity the amount of things it can do
is less important to the user and how
well it can do the few things that are
important to you but the Garmin watch
only does a few things but it does them
incredibly well the Apple watch does a
lot of things but much for how many of
those things are going to actually use
same with the galaxy watch does a lot of
things but how many of those things am I
gonna actually use and this really
underscores what is kind of my
conclusion on this whole thing when it
comes to judging which box is best for
you the first question is what do you
need it for
and then last up the easiest is battery
life so a regular watch watch a quartz
timed battery operated watch batteries
last several years we'll just call that
ever the single most impressive part
about the Garmin is that this thing even
though it has a full-color screen that's
pretty low resolution and not that
bright but a full color screen this
battery depending on how much you use
the GPS this battery will ask you two
weeks if you use the GPS a lot it'll
last you like five days the battery in
this is incredibly impressive so much so
that when I travel I typically don't
bring the charger with me the Apple
watch they say gets a full day I don't
know why they're so modest about this
I've only used it for a couple of days
but so far I get way more than a full
day it's not quite as good as the galaxy
watch which gives you four days but I
would say it's somewhere between the
full day - advertised in the four days
that this gives you
so the conclusion here is that it's very
very hard to objectively judge something
like a SmartWatch because it has a lot
less to do with the technical
capabilities and far more to do with
what exactly are you looking for in
something that lives on your wrist I
hate having to charge my cell phones
every single day and one of the reasons
why I've never stuck with the SmartWatch
is because I hate having to also charge
my watch every single day I also have a
tendency to break everything everything
I touch so the robustness of a watch is
a big priority for me there's been a lot
of chatter about the Apple watch I think
it's deserving of most of that chatter
because it is a very impressive device I
do think this is the very best watch you
could have on Android even though it
doesn't run Android operating system so
in conclusion which is best I don't know
it really depends on what you want but
what is exciting is that they're they're
all pretty damn good I wouldn't
underestimate these more simple athletic
watches if you don't like the square on
your wrist I wouldn't underestimate what
the galaxy watch can do if you don't
like carrying around a cell phone I
wouldn't underestimate what a Smart
Watch with an LTE chip in it could do
I think we've arrived at a very
interesting place with wearables and I'm
excited about where they go next that is
it for this week's tech Tuesday we'll
see you back here next Tuesday with a
great new intro from Dan mates
