do I look different do I look oh I don't
know 28 years old
hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn so I
just got back from my birthday trip to
San Francisco and Big Sur California cuz
I never been there before and did nobody
tell me it was gonna be freezing cold
frigid ice so quit being Quinn's alright
I saw people in downtown San Francisco
with puff jackets the marshmallow
jackets oh my god but it's okay you know
I'm saying we were still giving the
people easy breezy beautiful you know
anything so my actual birthday is August
first and that morning I was able to
celebrate another year earth-sized you
feel me with same God with a stack of
birthday waffles because I deserve I
deserve you see YouTube world
waffles are the perfect breakfast food
okay God not me
waffles are also the perfect birthday
food in my opinion so in this video I'm
gonna combine the two concepts I might
be a Leo you name saying the first born
child born on the first of the month but
I'm not selfish okay sharing is caring
I'm gonna show you how to make birthday
cake waffles and I'm gonna sprinkle in a
little bit of life advice you know I'm
saying cuz I'm 28 you don't saying I'm
older and wiser and we're happy about it
also your metabolism don't function the
way it used to all right so um your
first step in this mission didn't see
that car it's to figure out if you're
going to make these birthday cake
waffles from scratch or if you're going
to like use a store-bought confetti
funfetti mix eighteen year old you could
do a box mix maybe twenty eight year
olds you can't really manage that
alright you're calling don't really
function how it used to you don't be
processing sugar but where you used to
all right you probably I'll show now
paleo and this your one cheat meal
you're gonna have a headache after this
what's gonna be worth it okay
do you think they have maybe like a with
an organic version maybe like an ancient
grain maybe I've also found like a form
of therapy and making things myself
especially cookie it's kind of like a
like a mindfulness that goes along with
having to focus on one thing at a time
you know mixing stirring chopping very
calming soothes me so first you're gonna
mix the dry ingredients then you're
gonna mix the wet ingredients and then
you mix them together
so you know in that footage I was 3 p.m.
on a Friday and I was filming myself a
rather Gloria who whose hands I was
using I'm filming they're making of
waffles okay
I'm living my best stay-at-home mom with
no kids life in case you missed it I
quit my full-time job before Christmas
of 2017 and it's wild to think that it's
been seven months since then and it made
me realize that it takes time to learn
things but it also takes time to unlearn
things amen
28 year old me is beginning to
understand that if you want to reinvent
yourself and I'm not talking like on the
internet as a person if you want to
reinvent yourself that's not gonna
happen overnight over months or even
over years it happens over a lifetime
and so this little gap year gap time
that I've been taking has really helped
me to be patient with myself and give
myself a little bit of grace and mercy
you know I didn't say even though baking
is more of an exact science than regular
cooking I do still take some liberties
with the measurements like I put a lot
more vanilla in there I put a lot more
sprinkles it's my birthday
yet who I'm saying I want flavor get
your waffle iron
ready spray it with some spray oil you
know what I'm saying
cook them to your desired crispiness
some people like them like fluffy and
kind of gooey legally I like mine a
little bit of crunch on him since I have
a summer birthday I never got to
experience the satisfaction of forcing
or really allowing the entire class to
celebrate my existence on earth and I
think it's rude to deny alio of that
experience but nevertheless she
persisted a big thing I've learned in my
adulthood and some advice I want to give
to you you know
your 28 year old internet cousin to you
it's to allow people to love you and
appreciate you you know that quote when
people show you who they are believe
them I see that quoted all the time on
Instagram in a negative context like
when people show you how horrible they
are and believe them but I also believe
that the same should be applied to
positive things when people show you
that they care about you by consistently
showing up by checking up on you I got
friends who their way of loving me is
saying hey I'm cooking and I'm like
coming you know anything so so whether
it's someone complimenting your
personality or I don't know how cute you
look you've got a saying or making you
waffles on your birthday this allow
people to love on you happy birthday to
me and then we plate
this birthday cake waffle that's a
solemn me I'm really sweaty shooting
food is hard now we finish eat them
thank you hitting you that sugar this is
what happens children you get all
by the waffle hurts you when you lived
on it's giving me childhood I never got
a disagreement Brittany with everybody
else because I ended summer birthday so
this is me celebrating myself
I hope you enjoyed this video shout out
to all my August babies I assure you if
you decide to make these birthday cake
waffles for yourself or for a loved one
use the hashtag smack yo lip so I can
see it all relevant informations I hope
will be in the video description box and
I will see you on the internet somewhere
