vegan coconut milk chai ice cream I made
some or at least I tried start with two
cans of chilled full fat coconut milk
don't include the liquid that rises to
the top of the can wait bit good one cup
of strongly brewed masala chai eight to
ten soaked pitted dates blend to combine
by the way dates are found by the
raisins in the grocery store add a
splash of vanilla and add the whipped
coconut milk to the blender blend until
smooth pour the mixture in the container
and pop it in the freezer
let's get a taste test
hashtag smack your lip don't want to
look how I needed to look but the
biggest problem off the bat is the
consistency it's giving me shaved ice
it's giving me snow comb it's not giving
me creamy dreamy ice cream huh Pinterest
that's nice
learn from my mistakes because the next
day when I got the mixture out of the
freezer it was frozen like a rock solid
2 main YouTube channels inspired me to
go ahead and make this recipe mind over
munch and raw vegan not gross neither of
those recipes said anything about
intermittent stirring they just said oh
we're blending a splash and a dash and
whip it and put it in the fridge and you
good know what you're supposed to do is
put the liquid mixture in the freezer
take it out
30 ish minutes later stir it put it back
and take it out 30 ish minutes later
stir it so you're manually acting like
the ice cream maker like the ice cream
machine what I ended up doing is taking
out the freezer thawing it in the fridge
for an entire work day out of flavor
damn the charm it was really coming
through the dates do make it kind of
sweet it's not that sweet them and if
you're wondering what the coconut milk
ice cream tastes like coconut yes they
do it ain't no blue bail I thought of
that but it's come
boylee my lips is blah see it guess
coconut coconut milk is like the full
fat type of thing like avocados but kind
of like you know it looks like much lip
treatment so that's my smack your lips
taste tests hope you enjoyed this video
and the
description box there will be words and
things that you should read that might
be of value to you the comments below
let me know what your favorite sugary
tree is or are you one of those people
that prefers like pretzels over sugary
stuff I will see you on the internet
somewhere bye it's giving me coconut oil
pre-poo treatment it got a good flavor
on it though got a good flavor on it
it's just the consistency needs some
work
