right hey it's a world it's me Evelyn
here with Mary Evans mom oh you thought
the first man I thinking from your first
night you can call her mama Evelyn from
the Internet's out of respect for you so
what do you know you have two voices the
voice that you talk to us with and the
with you talk to strangers what do you
mean hello I've done okay the spirit of
Mother's Day happy Mother's Day thank
you um we are going to answer some
questions while mom is going to answer
some questions about motherhood okay I
talked to the cameraman
uh Steve hey call her Julie asked was
Evelyn a bad or hard-to-handle child
Evelyn was a very easy child to handle
happy to be around sure I've been about
doing our own things and she was an easy
child that's what I would say and I'm
loving when to curly mommy wants to know
what are the most important lessons you
think I've learned you've learned how to
love other people because I've shown you
love ah you're very mature responsible
when you're a very friendly and funny
person
afro Trish I don't know wants to know
how do you feel about my presence online
I would use sometimes I'm proud of you I
know you have potential I know you're
funny yeah it's true good cuz that's the
way you are that's who you are God
inspired ministries wants to know what
is your proudest moment
me then you won't go yeah I hit my baby
natural all night your mundane true I'm
proud of you boy yeah no honest to god
no clearance to me nothing not to me I
wanted to explain the real plane I'm a
tough cookie so that's what happened and
then when you are born I couldn't even
believe that I'm holding my my baby a
Hanna's sketchbook wants to know what is
your favorite thing about me favorite
thing about you
you're very exciting you like to love
mmm chuckling ha ha ha ha ha and I think
you have a strong personality you know
who you are
yes boy because they like you how do
they know me you may be 50 the Farrah
wind wants to know what surprises you
the most about me I can't determine who
you're gonna make us you are you and I
am me so I'm not surprised similarities
like what in you when people look at you
or see you the faster man kikyo very
quiet and that's the way I was feeling
when I was maybe your age any funny
memory of me as a child
oh Lord I can see them
on camera do you mean yeah I was about
to give you a bad an old was I
maybe like one less than two years old
and I went I prepared the bath for you
and I had removed the diaper but guess
what when a kid I left you in the living
room when I came back you on top of it
coffee table looking at your boob and I
was so shocked and I scream at a picture
but I climbed on Thomas how you did it I
don't know and moved on the TAS and you
are looking at that's a chicken sipping
about that's a baby
do you have any other questions Steve on
a scale of 1 to incredible how close am
I to incredible monsters thank you did
you impress
to be a mom is uh to meet personally
it's a blessing
it fulfills something inside me and I've
taken care of them I have you know done
or what a mother you know what a mother
- and not to see them like Steve you'd
be no longer teenage a few months and
everything is a young adult it's a it's
like wow am i reading their mom it's a
blessing to be a mom that's not
everybody is a month a mother nature
somebody is loving a mother is caring
come on the spiritual is there for the
children a mother is all that in a
bubble Monday is a regional oh I'm not
that cannot be faked no we mean who's
fake no I'm just saying
so mugga a mother is very original
uh-huh but you can't pretend you can't
pretend to be a mom
what is the hardest thing about being a
mom constantly as a mother you think
about your children all the time so it
can be she's special to me she's lovely
I love my bug thanks mom for being in
the video you know Stacy you on the end
it somewhere bye see ya bye but we're
gonna have a mom cast which is a podcast
with mom and that will be posted
sometime and you'll hear that and that
will include Steve so happy Mother's Day
thank you thank you you too boo bye
