you know where I am I'm in my hallway I
was just I was born to back from I was
like ask at the time as any to film this
video
uh-huh seeing as seeing sorry has it's
11:30 p.m.
Sean said Gloria for this shirt thinks
you got a big good score um
Bane has council clothes today's one of
those days was just like do my
responsibilities or make a video for the
internet so big has come to a close I
have a list of other videos I plan on
making April has been kind of funny um
and like sorry
Avery's been kind of funny I'm like a
smooth 87% of that is my fault but um
but what I'm trying to say is that
number one eat a haircut but number two
what I'm trying to say is thank you for
watching my Eider z-- my Veda is I like
to thank my mom for birthing me I like
to thank my dad for helping out with
that I would like to I was what I like
to think I would like to thank huh I
don't know who else I would like to
thank but oh you duh I mean I was gonna
get to you later I would like to thank
joy in just because I have to thank her
I like Oh giving first-first giving
dates and honor and glory to God for he
reigns supreme
and stuff what else um and I would also
just like to thank you my subscribers my
internet cousins or sitting around for
whatever reason and you know you can get
a little bit weird cuz we've seen
yesterday um it's kind of like you know
sometimes sometimes the aunties come out
I don't know where y'all came from oh
but the aunties be coming out
actually the aunties would be doing one
thing in the country like chill
but yeah anyway irregardless it's been
fun it's been I mean that's why I like
doing Veda cuz it's like challenging
that's the reason I like doing Veda
because it's not something I would ever
do in real life be a daily vlog I mean
maybe I don't know never say never but
that doesn't really appeal to me coming
here every day sorry to say doesn't
really you know I'm saying make me
excited um but it's more like I always
say it's the comments you know what I'm
saying if my comment section was a
desolate wasteland I wouldn't be I'll be
out here it would be no point would
really so thanks for being fun see
thanks for making me think about stuff
thanks for encouraging me thanks for
telling me where y'all found me out on
the Internet
thanks for telling your friends to
subscribe yeah finish 2015 in the bank
the books the bucket
I haven't even watched its first game so
I don't even know who won so let me go
get my life together
and do that maybe drink some juice maybe
unwind episode 3 of Austin while Black
is about to go live so in April me
enjoying published 2 episodes I'm so
proud of myself um what else I just when
I'm just rambling this needs to upload
in time for you to see it so that's all
baby's over blue see you on the internet
somewhere bye
