they are worried about trouble and asked
for the news media's help in appealing
for calm they're worried about public
reaction if a grand jury does not indict
a white police officer in the shooting
death of an unarmed black man what can't
they just you know instead of banning
things destroying things disrupting
traffic is very fruit instead of you
know violence and protesting they could
you know say that why what don't go out
there and do those things you're talking
about black people as if you're not as
if we're not black so Wow so I paid for
school in here you're an activist took
back anyhow I'm not being disrespectful
I'm just trying to understand what
you're saying because what you're saying
is not good I can't believe I have to
say this but it's time to tell your
African parents that black lives matter
hey the world it's me Evelyn I wrote
what became this video back in 2015
I have a lot of discussions mostly
online but by far the most hurtful and
confusing ones were the ones that I had
in real life with older African folks
this confusing brand of prejudice is
something that really pains me and
something that has got to go so in this
video we got interviews we got that you
got figures I'm getting my education on
in hopes that I can encourage my fellow
first-generation Americans to say it
with your chest because we ain't got
time all right we need to come together
stat all right Umoja and things of this
nature so what does it feel like to be
black in the u.s. in America Jesus
Christ
Oh a lot of things there's a lot of
emotions I guess that come with being
black in the u.s. it can be really lit
sometimes if you're among other black
people there are moments of beauty you
know like when we watch the Olympics and
we cheer for all the black people
I look at who's in power replaced by
first black president so I think it's an
interesting time given the history but
now we're definitely like loud about it
and I know everyone's like being very
unapologetically black its job man it's
a task I was just talking to a friend
the other day and we're talking about
why I feel like rappers always really
good actors especially black people in
general are just really good actors it
can feel suffocating at times you're
like a reflection of all your skin folk
basically like everything you do is
representative of being a black person I
feel like my whole life I've lived two
lives when we call daredevil
consciousness I've really enjoyed like
my culture my experiences but at the
same time sometimes I thought I have to
suppress myself like my true self
you are an African child and usually
that means you have African parents they
are solid and stern and only sometimes
sweet but they are yours so imagine you
visited them for some quality time
everything is going alright business as
usual but then things get a little weird
what do they do things like this always
you know sagging pants just always being
violent me I work with
a lady named Cheryl she's
african-american she is not like that we
have another guy Marcus I walk with him
he he was telling me he thinks that boy
talk to the cop and really you know
sometimes you mean wait what whoo-chow
oh my god let's give it more context
when did this begin African immigration
to the United States picked all the way
up after the Immigration and Nationality
Act of 1965 yes this is a history lesson
class is in session before that things
were based on a quota system that
started in the 20s so for example they
would let 50,000 Germans in 30,000
immigrants from England and those are
countries girl guess what the quota was
for immigrants from the entire African
continent in like nineteen twenty nine
eleven hundred because of the act all of
that changed so much that you can
basically split the course of African
immigration to the US in two before 1965
and after 1965 the Act got rid of those
quota systems because upstanding
Americans suddenly realized that those
quota systems were intolerable now what
pray tell was happening in this country
in the 60s that would make a president
one after the civil rights movement
black US citizens fighting for their
basic human rights in this country paved
the way for legislation that inevitably
allowed black folks from elsewhere to
come here according to the Pew Research
Center the number of African immigrants
in the US has been steadily growing
since 1970 but the numbers pretty much
doubling every decade from 80,000 in
1970 to over two million in 2015 now
that's not to say that coming into this
country and getting into this country is
easy because it's not I'm just saying
my experience with Africans growing up
minimal first time I think I was 17
years old I'm going to South Africa for
the first time with a group of African
Americans in it so we're so happy to be
back you know we're African brothers and
sisters and they're like what's your
native language we're tribal you from so
it wasn't as welcoming as we thought we
thought it's gonna be like welcome home
here your gifts you know like no my
husband is Nigerian his first-generation
Nigerian or EVO and they were not
pleased when he told me he was when he
told his family he was dating a black
American they were still feeling like he
should have made more efforts to find
another ebo woman to like they
individually marry I was more concerned
with how he was gonna manage that that's
more important to me because people
can't control what families they come
from it's just about how your spouse and
manages that relationship and we're
married now so it went well I'm actually
older evidence loved me I am always oh
my doctor how are you doing just like I
just feel welcomed into the fold you
know so like ninety Nigerian auntie's
love me Nigerian dads don't really talk
a lot you know I grew up with a lot of
kids that were African some of them
first-generation some of them weren't
born here so I had a cool experience and
getting to get that diversity from a
very young age as I got older it it
changed especially when I went to
college with my experience didn't start
I got in college and I just felt other
I felt like I couldn't relate to them I
felt like I was less than I didn't
as intelligent well I attended the
University of Houston where my
assumption as most of the black
population is Nigerian so it was like
whoa that's this is a you know it was a
lot of culture like taken which I
thoroughly enjoyed when I went to
college and I remember there was a blood
was it black African club or something
like that and I was like I'm black I
could be in it because I'm kind of like
I'm the only one from but you know it's
gotta be from some African country and
they were like no you can't join and
that's the first time I've been around
black people and I say I was not
accepted I got to meet a lot of people
who were very very cool and like no I
mean I greatly identified with black
culture like listen the same music we
dress the same way like you look like me
enough said and then also met a lot of
people who are aristocratic and then I
realized oh some Africans think they're
better than us and part of me kind of
bought I was like yeah I mean maybe they
are better than by people they have a
culture and history that we don't have I
always wondered why I was like why do
like southern Africans think they're
better than black Americans and I think
it's cuz of the history so yeah what is
that
that thing that our elders do to black
people in the u.s. sometimes I think
that they kind of want to forget that
there are parallel issues with black
Americans here and Africans and home
countries well I like to blame the white
man for everything so I mean I
definitely think there's there's this
like it's it's a systemic thing like
we're all taught to just hate each other
and I think the older African generation
picked up on like anti blackness and try
to distance themselves from it I feel
like the goal is once you move here you
need a rise above some of those certain
stereotypes or some of those certain
issues that are tied to color the
message that's been put in their head is
all about like respectability like we
worked really hard to come to this
country
and now it's all about being like a
doctor lawyer engineer whatever it's all
about education and anything that isn't
like going towards that goal or anything
that isn't like high-class isn't good
you can bank Harvard professor Evelyn
Brooks Higginbotham yes fellow Evelyn
for coining the term respectability
politics she first used this term back
in nineteen ninety-three and now it
refers to the notion that if people just
acted better better being a completely
arbitrary set of rules set by the people
abusing them that you would get treated
better what a hundreds of years of
propaganda don't just go away so it's a
hard thing to shake for even if the
person looks like you so what are
parents or grandparents or aunts or
uncle's or people in our community do is
see those images and they're like oh
that's that's what it means to be black
that's what black people are or
african-american whatever you want to
call it if you uh if you associate
yourself with blackness in that way then
you're also associating your getting
dirty with all the ugliness that the
ugly stereotypes that come with being
black in America so like if you have
black friends then maybe your kids won't
be as smart they're gonna try as hard in
school they won't take math and science
seriously maybe they'll want to be
rappers you know if you're being taught
that this is what's right and then all
these images are being fed to you about
what's wrong about these people even if
they look like you like you're gonna
you're gonna internalize that too one
major problem with that is that it
shifts the blame of treating someone
badly onto the oppressed not the
oppressor the other problem with
respectability politics is that they
don't work I distinctly remember having
a harvard-educated sometimes corny
sounding okay biracial black president
and folks wasn't necessarily jumping for
joy at the chance to respect him I mean
folks elected a hot cheeto afterwards
so where did respectability get us and I
go no masters okay all I know is that
every judgmental is a chance for us to
up and help our African parents or
elders understand the ways in which
they're perpetuating white supremacy
yeah I said it oh my god I'm awoken
youtuber now I'm alone Fiji right now I
get people wanting to retain their
culture like maybe not I don't want you
to be considered black because of these
negative stereotypes
even if I'm woke enough to recognize
that that's ridiculous maybe I just
don't want you to lose your culture and
so I get that but I also very much grew
up wanting to make that gap smaller
because you may be from Kenya but to
then you look like you from Atlanta they
don't give a
