why no boots how did I end up in the
parking lot of Whole Foods how today out
so do y'all remember that episode of the
read where they had black excellence and
it was bee sweet lemonade
Michaela bee sweet lemonade is actually
from Austin Texas and you can find her
lemonade in the aisles of Whole Foods
this stuff right here don't even need it
the best chapstick ever in life for a
dollar ninety-nine oh yes
I usually get on the bed
I ever introduce myself a used to world
it's me Evelyn
you know what time it is it's time for a
Whole Foods haul first of all what am i
doing in Whole Foods ask question number
one first I got this chapstick it's the
whole foods brand chapstick organic
pomegranate Orange this is the cheapest
the bestest um chapstick ever in life
it's a dollar ninety-nine usda organic
ingredients coconut oil beeswax it's not
vegan sorry extra virgin olive oil shea
butter essential oil cocoa butter
natural flavor hemp seed oil vitamin e
oil pomegranate oil and that's it it's
just old ten whole USD on this and aloo
Naturals a Meyer lemon creamy cleanser
hey Frank a head said you can use honey
but I like try Pat and like I don't
think my face is clean like I don't it's
probably something that I'm doing wrong
but my face is not clean so I got this
I'll let you know how it works what I
went to Whole Foods for I wanted cookies
this is really all I went for it's like
few bucks he wants exactly in here is
only raw broccoli ranch and mac and
cheese
no kind of flavor maybe even put no
liquid aminos a bottle of bee sweet
lemonade oh my god look at her face
she's staring into her future and it is
bright I'm gonna insert a picture
because I just feel like when you're in
the presence of greatness you just have
to like share it whoa I'm I read the
ingredients for you
filtered water lemon juice cane sugar
ginger honey flax seed that's it bro
this make a good popsicle okey you just
um put some fruit what fruit would go
with this Kiwi I don't know you just put
cut up some fruit put it in the popsicle
mold pour some of this into the popsicle
mold breeze it's summertime treats I am
so excited because um once I'm finished
posting this and uploading the see
youtube I'm going to finish hallelujah
editing an episode of awesome all-black
tell me what are your health food store
weaknesses what purchases do you always
make like I bought cookies at Whole
Foods does that make me healthy No
so in the comments below tell me what
are your Whole Foods or Trader Joe's
weaknesses and I will see you on the
internet somewhere bye
