do you want CMS hey YouTube world it's
me Evelyn
welcome to May to day 12 I actually
tried to film a video on my camera um my
battery died
and I haven't charged the other
batteries so this is what we have today
so when I filmed on this camera I was
talking about high school because I
realized that high school graduation is
right around the corner in college too
but we'll get to y'all later
but I want to be a bit more prepared for
that video and kind of really think
about what I'm finna say about your
future so in this video I'm just gonna
give you 10 random facts about me
because lately I've been watching 2
types of videos the 50 random facts like
175 different facts about people and
what I ate today videos first of all I
watched Sunkiss Alba's what a two day
video girl eaten just a watermelon and
like and what a leaf is not food but 10
random facts about me number one
I'm messy I slob dirty I don't know what
you want to call it
things are strewn always strewn there's
like this low-key patriarchal
misogynistic thing that says women have
to be clean for some reason I don't know
who decided that but I am NOT one of
them I am NOT orderly neat I'm good at
doing some chores some of them but the
one that I cannot do I just can't do it
and my male parental unit will let you
know dishes I just can't I can't do them
they're gonna sit there forever
sometimes I don't even eat because I
don't want to make a dirty dish that's
how bad it is number two if I could have
any plastic surgery and I could
guarantee that nothing would go wrong
with the present and then nothing would
look a hot mess in the future I would
definitely get dimples see nothing is
happening that's the face fold I don't
want to fold
I want to dimple someone with dimples
could like cuss you out and you'd be
like so is you really mad
like usually even medal I didn't get a
smartphone until a 2013 or 2012 I didn't
like the idea of someone always being
able to reach me now I have no excuse
someone can say I emailed you and I
can't say I didn't see it cuz of because
this has the email inside the email is
inside here I'm pretty sure I'm allergic
to avocado I eat them anyways I have a
fear of dying of a brain aneurysm morbid
I like chocolate but I don't like
chocolate flavored things for example
chocolate pudding chocolate milkshakes
chocolate milk chocolate ice cream I
just I like chocolate cake and like
chocolate itself but I don't know
chocolate I don't know I was little my
dad wouldn't let me drink Dr Pepper my
favorite soda is Dr Pepper I went to
private school until I was in seventh
grade henceforth I know a books of the
Bible rap books of the Bible are split
into two Testaments do they new in the
old sea there are thirty in the old tea
what's tea in sign language in the OT
there are thirty nine thirty five books
what are their names let's take go look
the books of the Bible start with
Genesis Exodus and Leviticus Joshua
judges Ruth brezin second Samuel first
and second Kings friends second
chronicles Isaiah listen Jer mine uh nei
home what her backup
clearly I'm heathen I've been to Nigeria
twice no I'm not Nigerian and I owe
y'all the Nigeria vlog my eyeliner today
is by a black girl beauty Brad loss of
nature cosmetics I graduated from
college of semester early and I wasn't
ready at all
I've been keeping check but I hope those
are ten facts and I will see you on the
internet somewhere tomorrow though bye
you got
her god didn't you in the comments below
send me 10 facts about you but you
thought is one-sided you was wrong boom
