how do i what whole YouTube world it's
me Evelyn
happy Saturday Veda day 11 breakfast
Fatah's gonna be small because we're
just gonna be editing all day trying to
get these Austin while Black episodes
out whoa I mean what else are we gonna
do do wha clearly she don't make videos
frequently enough to even really be
knowing the struggle its vlog every day
in April which I'm doing can you fire
your friend can you fire them I have
been editing this episode of awesome
all-black we're trying to figure out how
to edit this episode of awesome all
black join is in the other room editing
another episode so yes I am happy to
report that we are working on to count
them to let me set up episodes this
month
there's always those two little
tentacles that stick up that's how I
know my hair is old as well who's when
tentacles start to form um I said that
weekends were for iPhone vlogs so here
you are hi phone to do the things you
want to do or to start doing the things
you want to do you need way less than
you think you need it's so easy to make
excuses and say you know I can't make
this web series I only have a blah blah
blah camera but how many you know if you
want some encouragement go back and look
at awkward black girls first episode and
then go and look at the last episode it
improved everybody improves I think my
eyebrows are growing dream oh my god do
you want to see a little piece wants you
a little snippet want to see some oh my
god
oh don't see like I'm Angela Bassett Hey
I suggest you go listen to Magna Carta
they're cool people and they will be one
of our next episodes of awesome all
black so check them out
I'm gonna continue to edit y'all have a
great night and I will see you tomorrow
for the next video so you'll hear it
somewhere bye
