black girls rock you mad I can tell you
mad I can see it in your eyes
hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn I just
got back to Austin and I was able to
catch the end of Black Rose Rock the
First Lady of the United States Michelle
Obama her shoulders just like glistening
and like reflecting God's favor like
God's favor this is God's favorite
shining down her shoulders reflecting
that to our eyes and we just received
the blessing that's why I love YouTube
so much because it connects us there are
so many different ways to be black and
so many different ways to be a woman it
doesn't all look the same and because we
don't get the representation and the
visibility as women one and as black
people number two in is black women
number three hashtag intersectionality
we don't see the fullness and the
richness and the multiplicity Hey ha and
I think YouTube opens that up where
traditional media be lacking YouTube is
thriving a prosperous there's so many
black girls that I watch and each and
every one of them show me what's
possible
I'm gonna go grocery shopping in the
comments below tell me who are your
favorite black girls who rock on YouTube
I'll see you tomorrow bye
