listen it is time for bed okay if you
will notice my face is listening and
that's because I have my nightly uh my
nightly treatment on a Beija Flor
Naturals Amazon antioxidant treatment
the black girl beauty brand hashtag be G
BB hashtag supportive sister when I wake
up though when I wake up I'm gonna be
the fully realized
East African princess that I know I can
be yes I will hahaha
hey to Berlitz me Evelyn it's faded day
number three so in yesterday's video I
talked about how to see more grown up in
the workplace and all this talk of being
an adult made me reminisce and go back
to my childhood
specifically preschool because bro I
loved preschool I went to preschool when
I was three and when I was four because
my parents knew what was up I got me a
head start
I was over here reading Care Bears you
can tell me not the ABCDE F ng as you
grow up you know the the education
system kills your vibe adults kill your
vibe just the world I'm just on a
lifelong quest to come out on the other
side with my playfulness and
youthfulness intact the body might get
old and weary ha but my spirit my soul
rejoices why do you even watch this why
here are four ways you can add a little
preschool back into your life
snack time grown-ups starve themselves
my female parents unit will let you know
that string cheese is where I'm at right
now it's always been a favorite of mine
but if that's you know a little too
juvenile for you go ahead go up on
Pinterest find you a nice
DIY a hummus recipe and just get to
dipping you thought I'm saying get some
sliced strawberries Kiwis throw some
blueberries in there some granola you
can make your own granola whatever it is
treat yourself
it's not even you know it's not even a
treat it's the base its nourishment can
you nourish yourself can you shut you
stop and nourish yourself today nap time
now I know you're looking at me like
okay now you hand with a snag with an
Abbas as it for a little too much when I
say that time I don't necessarily need
to hit a REM cycle before I'm saying as
grown-ups you're kind of like doing a
lot and if you just stop for like 1530
minutes put the phone away you know I
caught myself I need to go to the
bathroom and before I went to the
bathroom outside but where my phone at
though what I couldn't even expel waste
from my body without laying at my phone
when I get home from work I walk outside
I live on the second floor I walk
outside to my balcony I don't have a
view I'm I'm facing
air conditioning units but I'm just
outside by myself for like 15 minutes
not really doing much I relieve in
thinking about much I'm just breathing
I'm just like here and you know that's
enough give yo sue some recess Red Rover
Red Rover send Emily right over then you
go get clotheslined I also play ants in
my pants
wait people I lie heads up seven up do
you remember that much like preschoolers
we need to incorporate play into our
routines I'm sure this was like an
episode of like Radiolab or things like
candy crush things like words with
friends
those can be good things you're engaging
your mind you're introducing new
scenarios into your mind the thing about
school think about work is the same
thing
every single day for the most part
unless you're like a journalist or like
emergency room doctor for the most part
everybody's kind of doing the same crap
every day so you need to break it up
forth and find a way that preschoolers
really have life figured out is crafts
the power of a craft in preschool I
remember we would make stamps out of
potatoes and bell peppers dip it in some
paint and just stamp everywhere there's
just something so invigorating about
making something tangible even though
I'm in a creative industry and I make
things a lot it's still kind of like out
in the ether like who are you even you
know um but whenever I make a craft when
I glue things together ain't nothing
like it and there you have it four ways
to incorporate the Bliss of preschool
into your hectic adult life in the
comments below tell me your favorite
memories from preschool I don't have any
pictures with me of me that young here's
the next best thing
oh I was cute I still am see you on the
internet somewhere bye black girl swag
black girls sleeping swag
