hey super let's neon um
keys I've been off since New Year's Day
it is now Saturday and I haven't idea
haven't logged any of that I have this
one random clip from New Year's Day
breakfast first meal of 2015 I have you
may be probably not that happy shout out
to people and um food service because
without you we would start on holidays
but other than that no luck no blogging
I'm eating Reese's for breakfast new
year new me and I'm headed to Jordan's
old apartment because she's moving so
she needs help moving something so let's
go ah smell of fresh bond me and an
tacos I smell flow it's not a lot of
things in this neighborhood
Jordan we've done so fine and I don't
know I'll get it I wish I'm so thankful
that technology has an advanced to the
point where you can smell things or
camera because every pore is emitted in
horror at this point
through the kindness howdy neighbors the
couch is out
do little G little G okay this is all
the stuff her roommate left doesn't my
trifling I feel like it's like the end
of those TV shows yeah when I walk
through the apartment and they're like
I'm about to leave
I'm trying to think of fun things it was
an interesting year I think your 20s are
you're supposed to stop a lot this is
the view from the dock that used to be
at Owens room but um one is not the
roommate and Jordan is talking about but
it someone did live there at one point
oh girl stay hydrated yeah no damn it
the closing of a chapter oh okay
it was the best of times it was the
worst of times it was the age of wisdom
foolishness it's been great edge I'm not
going to miss you virgin
I couldn't stand listening to music and
I didn't want to hear at all hours of
the night
thankfully I think that's stolen no one
was robbed there wasn't no feral child
there are some River children selling
jewelry earlier you but yeah it's been
real
and Arthur
then I go back to San Antonio a little
bit no you're going to England I'm going
to go to Linda
fingers crossed prayers put some oil on
it
follow up the same say so I don't know I
feel like I should feel something like I
should feel sad no just like by Austin
Oh what do you when I look bright kids
why do I look that's why you look bright
skin I'm not I'm Brown see I think it's
the camera like the way the Sun my it's
your camera
I just took him out that was so
disorienting I woke up I didn't know
where I was who I was why I woke up like
I'm headed downtown to meet Cheyenne I
talked about Cheyenne briefly during my
2014 year in the new video she was one
of the people I had the chance to
collaborate with during the year which
was one of my Nina's resolutions for
last year to collaborate with more
people so she's an Austin give me a bone
sweeter before I was and so I'm gonna go
meet her she's downtown but times
magical black girl times
oh my hair red this is from a black girl
beauty brand the rat life not putting it
in a video description box I'm going to
do a black girl beauty brand haul
profile profile
now
I don't know what you say to me every
day we're going holy pasta people that
are up here obviously but normally this
place would be packed
smelly iki kinki car I don't know these
things
and what kind of childish I am shout out
to Camille shout out to Camille's Bay
Cheyenne I know surely through YouTube
like I said and Camille I know purely
through tumblr so IRL in real life we
met and it's awesome magical black girls
yeah I don't you won't be able to see it
tell her in this vlog I hung out with
her the two days that I bit in a vlog
before I started vlogging it was like
Thursday and Friday I didn't book any of
those two days and those are the days I
saw her so just imagine each home Hans
face in this vlog Joann if you're
watching where's your girls cool then
like be smart and stuff I'm the only one
officially you saw Jordan leave I'm the
only one of the BFS in Austin everybody
left yeah I'll live another day
um I have
to do right now I'm answering your
comments on my 2014 review video so with
that I'll move on to whatever else is
next on my to-do list which I have
written its January for it how are we
four days into 2015 already it's too
fast all right Tiger Woods gotta go
grocery shopping this is my list yeah I
can't spell yeah I went to Trader Joe's
this time because I was in the
neighborhood
I'm gonna do a grocery haul two bags of
spring mix a live bread otherwise known
as sprouted bread broccoli cucumber
aguacate garlic bananas even though
they're disgusting they were the
cheapest fruit there and he had fruit
can you believe this is cilantro does
all you get tomatoes yellow squash
zucchini squash pain Greek yogurt not
for dessert mozzarella cheese
strawberries they are expensive but I
wanted them strawberry preserves from my
PB&J weird pesto quinoa thing as they
had actual fresh basil and the other
canned basil alternative had so much
sodium in it so I hacked again whatever
the heck this is did some hand soap for
the bathroom I don't feel the need to go
to Trader Joe's again unless I want like
a specialty item and that's my Trader
Joe's haul back to h-e-b Rob along
you know sometimes you'd be like if
there's something work up I think this
where the vas gonna end the rest and I
was just gonna be me on the computer but
the next video you see on my channel
after this vlog is my 2015 news
resolutions video which I was supposed
to film today but I have other things
that take precedence whoa what's that
you didn't tell me nothing was on my
face had a breadcrumb um I don't know
how to engage y'all in the comments
below tell me how you spent your New
Year's Eve / New Year's Day and I'll see
you on the internet somewhere I did you
