she's gone gone gone gone God so doing
husband staying with me for the past
like three ish months since the summer I
walls in September
so I know it's Thanksgiving and it's
time for us to go our separate ways and
with all that we're both leaving I'm
just going home for Thanksgiving she's
going home for Thanksgiving I'm not
coming back you were figuring out how to
work on awesome while black she lives up
df/de I live down in Austin and so we
just needed to like be in the same place
we learned a lot about the creative
process we learned a lot about
collaboration
we are strategizing and cool things are
coming up a head-fake oh my god is in
real really real it will be wheeler next
time I'm having you say to me people uh
do why I am Diana
I'm hungry
it's my mom making me grow grocery
shopping Thanksgiving yeah yeah my salty
yeah this is no Toby and malecon kids on
TV do it
they don't you don't make of a kid shop
for legs giving that's not how he's done
every time on that television it is the
mother who does everything and the kids
come home for the holidays and oh you're
gonna be alright drive three hours
with me
stop in West not the region out west
texas but West comma tech stop at little
Chuck bakery um there is a Czech
community in Texas and maybe having
bakeries
oh it's more oh yeah so you need to go
there and get you a kolache it's
basically a roll wit stuff inside mmm
this one is sausage cheese a jalapeno
amen god is great in South Texas a
memory
put this tree I knew it was yeah I told
them so thankfully mom got most of the
shopping done yesterday remember this
morning I was complaining that I thought
I was going to do all the shopping but
I'm she did it
praise God so we're just going to the
store to get stuff for dessert and
random bits and bobs that we actually
forgot so
it's going to take a lot of self-control
maybe not grab another one's dad hit up
the Somoza guy the samosa guca samosa
Luka is um hey hey hey samosa work work
yeah I'm Simone so guca his name's Bubba
Shiro he is the samosa guy here in h-e-b
I hope people come all the way from
Dallas to be honest people come all the
way from Dallas so he can make chapati
and samosas for them look at this crisp
folded to perfection when I tried meats
was falling out through the cracks
um it's just crunchy but soft in the
middles that you can like bite it mm mm
hmm those mean onions
sorry Indians I need potatoes and peas I
don't need out ever you may I'm filming
ooh what's that wisely he doesn't like
it
what does he know I'm Persian you best
likes best
so best lace wigs calm I'm contacting me
and asked me if I want to do a wig
review first I laughed into the
atmosphere this is what it looks like on
fresh out the box
stop looking watch already and get sick
I'm oh this is why I don't wear weed
because I don't know how to act right I
don't see I haven't stopped touching it
I don't know how to act properly if I
have somebody on his hair on my head so
I just remain ball head
oh my I'm so tired
yes I slept with my life for a week on
don't ask me why I have a hot pocket
t-shirt
why are we twins at ah we're twins
oh sorry I'm so dad I'm so hungry
about to go - cert here's pies and in a
blue beer I'm drunk off the turkey but
I'm hyper off the desert so it's like
mixing I'm getting all my better than so
much key to the lights on please
oh this is I'm the colour-pop cosmetics
this is um I forgot the name of the
color so I'll put in the video
description box I have been wearing this
since like 1:30 and I ate turkey and I
drank juice and I'm eating pine and
still the storm balloons only 5 bucks I
don't know what is Bluebell
um wig update looks ridiculous I don't
know how you'll do it um that doesn't
even make it does it make sense so I'm
going to make a
proper review of this way ah but update
is I have completely brushed it out I
put some leave-in conditioner and um and
a little bit of oil on the ends it
looked like a waiting wavy look I don't
take myself seriously with this here on
my head I always wanted to try like a
natural texture uh we but I still don't
think I would know how to ask like if my
hair is long I don't know how to act my
hair is really big I don't know how to
act like like you can't give me hair and
asked me to be humble like would you
subscribe to my channel thumbnail we've
eaten my lipstick is still intact
colour-pop cosmetics bull and I ate my
dessert I fell into a sugar coma like
I've done it all and it's only like I
don't even think it's 5 p.m. so happy
Saturday um it's Small Business Saturday
are you supporting your local businesses
today so in support a Small Business
Saturday I went to the doc book shop
here in Fort Worth it is local is indeed
it is also black owned I got in my skin
Brittney Griner some memoir book thing
Brittney Griner x'b a some light reading
for my beige friends part of whiteness
confronting race racism and white
privilege now I bought this book because
of the subject matter but also because
it's written by Robert Jensen who was my
journalism professor on college he is of
the beige persuasion dark girls hard
backs my cousin on the cover resemblance
we're not this is just so magical
I just feel so relaxed teacher I'm in
nature in the suburbs I just haven't
been outside in a long time like I don't
go to parks or anything so I'm just like
wow look at this tree look at this this
treatment so he drew me first moving
this house it looked like a twig this
tree was a twig
ouch and now it's not cold mom I don't
need a jacket mom
it's not it's a video by mom hug me for
real bad it's a video how come do you do
hey you take care
hi alright you could kill yes love women
love you too
happy Sunday
um the fam has gone to church and I'm
raiding the fridge so I can get out of
here get on the road and the blood
traffic little broom
god is good oh you know all the time on
the road again by house by trees by
suburbs my lab kids buy Liberian to keep
staring at us
it's in real time he's house law I'm
moving
this is really really happened
oh I'm gonna go ahead and end the vlog
here oh yeah um see you next time stay
safe alright see you later and somewhere
iPad happy Saturday total happy Saturday
we are Austin sparking pizza in
Pflugerville headed to well here at the
st. Jude give banks walk yeah I get
excited yeah
