hey youth who brought it's me Evelyn
coming moving another what is it
greatest for change creators for change
creators I was pretty serious worse guys
are you serious what what are you really
starting the YouTube video before me I
was just talking to the people whose
channel is it
okay hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn
here with a guest Wow a gasps serious
seriously are you not again I thought we
were supposed to be something beforehand
okay you with a friend to help you
navigate this wonderful world of woe in
the words of the great Wesley Snipes
Joey the down what do you wipe down but
what does it mean to be down anyway and
and how does one get down have you ever
thought about that so today this video
is brought to you by the letter A oh wow
seriously yeah let them know what a
means yeah sure yeah hey stands for ally
and in the context of social justice an
ally can be defined as a person of one
social identity group standing in
support of someone from another social
identity group usually a dominant group
standing in support of someone who's
from a group that's like been
disenfranchised and discriminated
against this is a downer really I don't
want to talk about justice I just
realized I just want to eat bread and I
go to bed so
Hey say it with me a a little bit louder
come on y'all hey hey it's fun it's fun
I'm back let me back thanks to that
there are times when we would have
appreciated an ally in the moment true
and there are times when we had the
power to be an ally to someone else
right and so over the years what I
really learned is that being an ally to
somebody requires two seemingly opposite
ideas to work together yeah it's a being
allied you have to shut up and speak up
because if you speak before you shave
then you can't the revolution will not
be televised
okay so to be an ally is to shut up and
listen yeah that's what shut up and
listen when someone says that you have
cause them pain whether on purpose or
not on purpose
those terms you use the things you say
shut up and listen when someone's trying
to give you a quick history lesson on
the ways in which the group that they're
from has been discriminated against or
marginalized by the group that you are
from even though I didn't got nothing to
do what you do right it just gets your
whole group though alright open a
history book true to be an ally also
means you shut up and listen and try to
understand the ways in which you
directly or indirectly benefit from
someone else's discrimination that's
good that's good yeah every time you
feel the need to justify or defend a
situation that's hurting someone else
that's a good indication to so after
you've mastered the art of shutting up
it's time to work on the art of speaking
up and this is where a lot of
well-meaning hippy dippy liberal
progressives mess up and it's the main
reason why I don't call myself an ally I
really think like as a title that
someone else gives cheese ice more like
an action verb you're eating saying a
lot of people run around with an a on
their chest thinking that they're saving
the world but to be honest can I be
honest a lot of y'all don't be speaking
up you just be reporting back
yeah yeah yeah see people love to tell
me about the homophobic dad or the
racist grandma and I'm always like but
did you correct them though like I was
minding my magical black business hair
girl all right moisturize effort oh and
you decided to interrupt me you thought
it would be a good idea to interrupt my
day or day to tell us how your literal
family is racist hard are really family
speaking up is our because we don't
always know how to articulate why or how
people are so messed up especially if
it's your own mom's do I lay low in the
car do I make the block hot you know
man's not hot but you have to because if
not in the words of Michael Jackson do
it bad you ain't nothing to be an ally
and to speak up doesn't necessarily mean
using your voice as an authority right
cuz you don't know at all you feel me
it's about using your voice as an Avenue
you don't even saying a springboard if
you will to uplift the voices of almost
people you have been listening to cuz
you shouldn't remember sharing an
article with somebody retweeting
somebody giving credit where credit is
due for the thoughts and the ideas and
you know the reasoning behind new ways
of thinking especially if you're trying
to correct this granny true now if you
watch this video or just read the title
and you're like oh here goes some
sensitive hippie dippie illiberal
snowflakes honestly thanks because the
word snowflake sounds delightful we've
been called a lot worse but social
justice aside yes I just said that this
can be using your everyday like the
dynasty I'm trying to help you out it
helps you be a better friend a better
boss of a partner a better parent if you
really want to advocate for somebody or
a group of people that you care about
it's important that you dedicate your
life to understanding the delicate
balance of shutting up when someone's
trying to tell you
the world affects them and speaking up
on their behalf to the world that's it
you know right now you know I'm saying
shout out to litter a shout out for
making this video possible your shout
out to my internet cousin Kevin Garcia
who actually asked me how he can be a
better Ally what yes oh you are you now
to be fair to him he asked me that
about a year ago maybes maybe two years
ago and ever since then I've wanted to
make this specific video but to be
honest you're a male in the comments
below let us know how someone can be a
better Ally to you or how you plan on
being a better Ally to someone else and
finally thank you to the folks at the
YouTube creators for changed fellowship
program for helping me fund this video
we got a background we got lights you
know saved me a haircut we got him don't
worry about it once I'm for the one-time
follow your boy on Instagram pop it on a
be how you get that puppet on about
please gonna be into this kitchen won't
you know your yeah we will see you on
the internet somewhere bye
