I can't buy back like where's the cast
hates abroad that's me Evelyn
in the spirit of Halloween I just wanted
to make this quick video telling you
three scary stories because you know
what they say sometimes life is stranger
than fiction I don't know who says that
but I know they be saying it let's begin
it is the beginning of a new day
ouch you falling over stuff cuz it's
dark in here it's the beginning of a new
day you're young the world's full of
promise you wake up in the morning take
a shower you get dressed you go to
unravel your hair
from those two strand twists and to your
dismay still wet so okay okay I can see
your face right now you're like that I
know that's because the story was not
really even that scary and or you are
one of my non-black internet cousins and
you just didn't get it happen to the
store I say three so this is the story
number two all right ready
are you afraid of the dark too bad it's
been a long day I work you guys work
overtime you'd even
I don't even get paid overtime you're
salaried after work you went to a happy
hour with your friends you hand in hard
and I don't even know if I use that
phrase correctly but you did it and you
come home and you're tired and a little
bit drunk so you come home to your boo
thing she's in the bed looking out good
she's under the covers nearly oh yeah
baby I'm gonna get it tight
better okay and you gonna hug her you
feel a warmth you smell her fragrance
your phone rings oh who could be so with
your eyes low from the honey and sleep
deprivation you answer the phone hello
you say hey babe what's up it's your
girlfriend
wait if you're there then who's in turn
to live the covers
this one might be a little too scary so
I'm just gonna leave the lights on brace
yourselves
you are going home for Thanksgiving
you're excited so you get there and it's
awesome and that weekend you go to
church with your family you don't even
really be goin shirts so Sunday morning
arrives you wake up late and you go to a
church so we have one service so you're
you're out of luck if you miss the first
we bust open the doors to the church the
entire congregation turns to look at you
every single one of them stands up at
the same time and they walk towards you
with smiles oh they're just coming to
greet you the Deacon out of whining go
to each other the deacon the the ushers
you notice one by one their smiles once
warm inviting pleasant turn menacing
that's good to see you try you're trying
to walk to the peel third pew on the
left side that's where your family be
always since 95 but your feet your
Condoleezza Rice shoes modest
conservative church appropriate they
have stuck to the floor you can't both
and one by one they all start to ask you
the same question
what are you having kids so many back
well not all days you're very funny I'm
sure your feet are still stuck to the
ground
I can't leave you're stuck with it
persists gets louder there's more of
them they are multiplied in the comments
below tell me one of your real-life
horror story pussy on the internet
somewhere
you
