hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn so at
the top of the year I did a video about
everything that I accomplished and
everything that I learned in 2013 and I
made resolutions for things that I
wanted to do in 2014
I'll link it in the atmosphere as I
always do and it will be in the video
description box below I realize is there
like the years almost over and stuff so
I took a look at that video to see where
I stand one of those things was to go to
the colonizers land I'm definitely not
going to be able to go to England this
year because like the way like my
money's is stacked like the way the
coins are aligned is just no even though
I can't go to England the England is
coming to me so this is Sarah she was my
first roommate ever new roommates
freshman year of college she is
currently in Manchester don't know if
that's up you for Manchester sound doing
like this whole grad school thing and
she sent me this I'm pretty excited and
I wanted to share what was in this box
with you I have no patience bounty
it just has coconuts on it it does
actually say what it is ooh oh is it
like almond George
yes it's like almond joy yeah doing you
jelly I know you like I'm enjoy some
bites from Walker's chips Oh walkers
looks like it's British version of lace
sun-ripened sweet chili flavor not
flavor flav or
hashtag Evelyn from the in man but
snacks just patted it was just patty
this says on the off chance that it ever
gets cold I set her socks also with the
American flag on them so great minds
great mind the colonizers flat it's a
very light fabric jazz I'm not gonna
hang it cuz hashtag colonization but
what do you do it like this it might be
the American flag it might be Puerto
Rico like you leavin up ghani's
protection walls it's a phone case it's
two pounds from primark oh my god I hear
all the British youtubers talking about
Primark and now I have something from
Brian Hawk
roll crew I don't know what this is
skyline of but it's like the ferris
wheel mm-hmm the Brits are obsessed with
this type of treat sour cherries we
don't have this okay
gonna check up really good I can feel
these are sunglasses stunting it's time
to eat you can't see me though
can't wait till I get home so young
couple huh I always want my packages
sock in comparison this says so you
won't have to carry your groceries in
your arms out of the store in Austin
they don't have plastic bags you have to
have your own bag this is nice a nice
canvas bag would we have on it
hello Westminster Shoreditch High Street
Warwick Avenue Bond Street Waterloo
Portobello can fit all my Whole Foods
good easy for him saying my kale
heirloom tomatoes it's broken oh ho her
international shipping it was a bus mug
I mean it is a bus mug Sarah
haha I'll glue it but I can't wait I'm
not sure it carry along once again tea a
selection of 72 individually wrapped
organic tea bags I have to smell
everything
first and I'm have is of course chai in
the comments below tell me if I was able
to come to England where should I go I
will use that as my research for 2015
it's going down let me know where I
should go what I should do
what I should eat because what do what
do you'll eat like everything out he all
stole from another country like what is
actually all food what do we all eat who
and you know and I will see you on the
internet somewhere bye look at this what
what is it what is it I don't know I
don't
oh they just three and up which is
exactly my age range
