hey it's Ron's me Evelyn here to let you
know that I am a sheep that is being led
down the path to senseless consumerism I
am not immune to marketing okay
I'm an Earthling okay I'm half earthling
so buy this lace challenge listen I
don't even buy chips they accept
tortilla chips but it doesn't really
count because like tortilla chips and
text is like bread like everybody just
be having tortilla chips I literally
walked into the aisle looking for these
ships that's sad and I'm just a little
bit of shame just look so I'm going to
do a taste test of the four flavors that
are in stores right now I've got further
adieu let's uh start smacking some lips
so right after that the suck thing about
this which is what makes it so sad is
the fact that they don't have small
sizes what I look like
first we have cheddar bacon mac and
cheese I think this will be the most
normal tasting chip smell the cheddar
don't really smell bacon
smells kind of stank I'm sorry I
wouldn't want my fingers smelling okay
it doesn't really have flavor dust on it
it just looks like a plain chip from the
untrained eye all right the reason I
made that face is because it tastes like
sour cream and onion I'm waiting for the
bacon bacon here sour cream and onion
we're to bake a note
can I hit that bacon note that's lochia
fail let me cleanse my palate Cheers hmm
its water calm down let's head up this
mango salsa oh wow yeah and not mango
like actually smells like me don't trust
my Mackin I know my mangos okay it's
giving me it's giving me Mexican candy
all right all right I can see a little
bit more flavor dust on this one
hmm that's interesting
smacking is part of the process getting
the mingle in a good way and then like
the undertones onion a little tomato a
little cheesy a lot of people were
saying that it was really sweet so I owe
a lot up and it is like a star berries
it does have an aftertaste though but
that wouldn't it's tasting but I can't
see myself eating myself whole serving
serving is about 15 chicks how many did
I eat Justin I feel like it was about
five I can't remember if I just hit the
flavor does it's giving me it's giving
me Lucas candies Cheers wasabi ginger
either it's going to be delicious for
it's gonna taste like Bud spice it
doesn't smell anything where the flavor
does I thought would be more pungent the
other ones kind of will hit you hmm then
that wasabi toe hmm bitter thing I love
spicy food but I dislike wasabi cuz the
spice is in your nostrils this it hits
you in your tongue I do because you a
note though and I taste the soy I could
have done without the soy maybe I made
though of soy sauce yes the media flavor
on your tongue is wasabi but then like
in the side of your mouth you get the
ginger but it's not an overwhelmingly
ginger taste which I wish it had more of
a ginger taste and then at the end like
the taste in my mouth right now with soy
sauce like if I go somewhere I'm getting
by a sandwich and I need chips go with
it I got the kettle cooked jalapeno so
wasabi ain't too far off bombs are just
good and now for dessert to the Queen
cappuccino
I feel like this flavor gonna be a tad
dusty it's only one way to find out Chad
Henderson from what's that Nevada coffee
dust you know you buy them in packet
it's not even real I don't even know
what it is like powder then you add
water and it becomes creamy I just
getting that dust like a candle what I'm
trying to say it's giving me artificial
flavors no I'm Ben and I have a very
sensitive you yellow even saying so the
way my uvula set up yeah hey prepared
odd the variant I get a cinnamon like
cinnamon this is trash not putting in my
mouth again cappuccino
Chad Scott your fire in the comments
below tell me what flavor of chip you
would like to see if I could get a
samosa chip a samosa flavor I know it's
talking about bud spines and how I hate
busbice earlier but in the right hands
and using the right flavors now I'm
saying I think that a samosa would just
kill the game let me know what flavor of
chip you want in the comments below and
then I was
you on the internet somewhere but I'm
gonna be sick
