hey it's a world it's me Evelyn this is
me graduating from high school and this
is me graduating from college and thanks
is a picture of my favorite got by the
levar burton but that is neither so you
described to me from high school huh
that's a good name but glad that's over
turner who ever said high school is the
best years of your life probably isn't
doing much with themselves on today I'm
gonna need you to look at your future
like turn down for what as you're
getting it cousin
I am proud of you but beginning now on
to my collegiate brothers and sisters
congratulations on meeting the bare
minimum requirement to have your parents
approval or maybe you're busting down
barriers and you walked across the stage
that's the first person in your family
to graduate from college maybe you met
some difficulties in your time in
college you got to leave and come back
and now you graduated whatever your
circumstance is what matters is you
finished what I'm trying to say is
number one congratulations and number
two how can I help you transition into
the next part of your life it's really
what I'm here for as your internet
cousin here to be a resource here to be
your guide if you have any questions
about life after high school
or life after college I am here for you
in the comments below leave your
questions general questions don't ask me
like questions off the SAT like that
that's gonna cost money east general
questions leave them in the comments
below and I will answer them in my next
live Google hangout if you're going to
college and you want to know what you
should like brain or like if your
roommates going to kill you or maybe if
you graduated from college and like you
don't have a job I know that very well
I know that life hopefully the comment
section will start I'll start to see
like categories and patterns form in the
comments and I can address them and the
Google hangout which brings us to the
date of the Google hangout so we're the
Internet's who you girl and the win
is Saturday June 21st noon 12:00 Central
Standard Time I know you're not doing
nothing special on this Saturday in the
middle of June unless of course you're
working we're in summer school in which
case I would say if none of what I spent
applies to you in the comments below
just leave some words of encouragement
for the youth for I'm saying because
they are our future in fact I will see
you on the Internet's when I had said I
would bye fun fact I was nominated as
prom queen in high school which is weird
for once prom queen Hey
