oh my god
spring has sprung and that means my
allergies are out of control I'm laying
on the floor it's like if I don't take
medicine I'm gonna be allergy drunk if I
take medicine I'm gonna be medicine
drunk like I just don't want to be drunk
okay
hany girl you can do a little jig hey
hey hey
everybody screaming they don't know too
many white people screaming I don't like
this
I really know with what this has to do
with anything it's just an excuse when
you go to come in the foreigner and
everyone and when we say whatever they
want we should emphasize whatever they
want a guy can wear a shirt in public
I'm gonna be leaving
I spill sweet tea on my shirt my hobbies
are just so bad so I rip my face off so
I have to come home keep hitting myself
on my furniture hit up that wallet in
because claritin is for rich so for beta
effort today see y'all tomorrow you want
the internet somewhere bye
so to reiterate the live Veda will be
Monday April 28th at 8 p.m. Eastern 7
p.m. Central
