the idea of children from sea to shining
sea running around the playground
if recess even still exist climbing on
top of the jungle gym just so they can
scream at their classmates below that
they have watched from the mountains
with disgusts as their technological
advancement somewhere there's a child
reciting the entire monologue complete
with the accent and that brings a smile
tomorrow it puts us shucky in my step
you don't understand Ryan Coogler you
did that hate to rub it's me Evelyn I
have no idea how to organize this video
in this succinct palatable way I am
overwhelmed this movie / mweadows me so
I'm just hit you with some facts number
one if I could just be the light that
reflects off Lupita shoulders it's not
even the shoulder what's that thing
between the shoulder and the neck it's
this thing right here what is this what
is this a trapezius trapezoid I'm not
gonna google it some days I feel like
kill mongers neck pain
you know I know Sam there's a lot of
black rage in that neck pain not a pain
in that job you know anything I know how
it feels
I got TMJ they say it's caused by stress
I wonder why I have been using the term
color nicer in my everyday language
documented here on the internet for yes
and it pisses me that it will be used
more widely now and what Conda you
clearly don't need lotion the air itself
has emollient properties in Wakanda yo
plants a is always at optimal ripeness
and then we'll come to your locs retwist
themselves the beginning sequence looked
like that do y'all remember that that 3d
magnetic pin toy that thing that you
would like press your hand into and your
hand would like have the imprint in the
metal mag magnet thing do y'all remember
that and my the only one that remembers
that the entire intro reminded me of
that it was the visual representation of
what I think ASMR probably makes people
feel like it made my body tingle Bubba
okay so the first time I watched Black
Panther I was purely taking individuals
you know the hustle and bustle of the
packed city center just the sleekness
and more Danity the modality of shuri's
underground tech lab with the music
pumping pumping in you know I'm saying
the waterfalls the mountains just the
landscape P emollients skin everybody's
skin emollient other ball head baddies
everybody in this film is fine
alright everybody is a smooth twenty two
out of ten I did not know that I needed
to see Michael B Jordan with gold in his
mouth but yet here we are thirsty and it
kind of sucked cuz um he has a dimple
so when kill manga is like trying to
challenge to Chawla and he screaming he
was like is this chicane he trash he
weak you probably underweight you know
I'm saying he has a dimple the whole
time and I'm like oh you look like an
angry rubber ducky there is a scene
where it said Charlotte I don't know if
it's after he just becomes king and he's
walking down the hallway and he's just
walking with a dick they did but now I'm
just like alright okay that's that dip
whoa um that's that dip that got Obama
into office I'm curing nobody says about
making change it was that dip I love
that nobody was ever a villain in a
vacuum those of y'all who said kill
manga was the villain it was the point
it just he just completely eluded you
there was really no such thing as pure
good and pure bad it was only decisions
to be made and it was paths that people
took and I really enjoyed the complexity
of that because that's what real life is
like I especially liked the conversation
and the conflict between Okoye and Nakia
and the key is like yo I can't kill
mongers King this canal that's not gonna
work for me
let's ride and Okoye is like please
don't my heart is with you I cannot go
and she's like I'm not a spy I reckon
spy
can just come and go as she pleases my
will that's probably my favorite
monologue because it shows this
dichotomy tradition versus more dignity
responsibility and duty and kinfolk
versus skinful the second time I watched
Black Panther I was in Nigeria and when
Baku
opens his mouth to speak the audience
was like uh-huh and in the movie I loved
how they use this brolic traditional you
know probably the other tribes thought
the jabari tribe was backward I mean ah
buck what tribe stuck in their ways
I loved how they used this brolic man as
comedic relief I thought I never saw
that coming and when he was funny I was
like oh this is great
oh you dawn okay so these accents Laurie
aka Forrest Whitaker was giving me South
Africa Malawi
I really enjoyed Sherry's accent it was
kind of familiar it was pure you know
the Jabari tribe was like West Africa so
it was very uh you don't it was just
very hard and Sheree was very like my
brother Congrats to my brother don't
scare me like that colonizer that's how
we talk over on our side you don't think
T'Challa
there was a certain way he was say
vibranium that sound in Jamaican
everything else was fine when he was
like vibranium I was like woah woah woah
woah
well I was just happy that everybody was
a Nigerian and you can quote me out of
context I do not identify with T'Challa
or kill Munger kill Munger always
sounded like he was just reciting woke
tweets like his monologues never really
hit me I mean when you think about it he
had been working up to this point his
entire life so there really wasn't that
raw pain in his voice it was just like
robotic anger it was just like nah nah
nah yeah you didn't say and I wanted
more emotion but I understand it's kill
monger he doesn't have any left he was
just a man with a plan being bang boom
hey aunty you don't say and I identify
more with kill mongers father Joe and
yes he's technically a prince but can
you imagine being called a traitor and
saying you betrayed your country because
you're doing what you believe is helping
your people you know and I'm saying your
skin folk and Joe kinfolk say uh-oh
we're not about all that can you imagine
being called a traitor I'm not
collecting kills people
that's not what I'm about you know I do
stay with that bang on me though but
really what I'm trying to do is still a
little vibranium you know and I'm saying
disperse it to my people so that we can
rise together let me ruin y'all's lives
real quick when I watched Black Panther
the second time and I realized that that
intro you know the origin story of
Wakanda was not baby T'Challa asking
King to Chaka it was his father which
reminds me a lot of y'all was just loud
and wrong in the comment section of my
last Black Panther video the point of
that video was to urge my fellow
Africans specifically first-generation
people to realize that the teasing you
endured was nothing but the colonizer
walking not walking walk in through your
cousins from across the pond they think
bad about us we think bad about that the
colonizer wins because we think we're
different from each other the point was
hurt people hurt people and some of
y'all missed the point saw spectacularly
it was a Barassi I wish all of us all
black people had their sense of home
like original home I don't want anybody
to make it to a condo and then choose to
die and me myself personally this is a
hot tank it's spicy I think that the
movie kind of said the message that
ultimately we had irreconcilable
differences
and the concept of a unified global
black population isn't impossibility and
y'all should just be happy with a
fantasy why I'm saying Hut
what do I know I'm paranoid I honestly
don't know what I would have done in the
end that's kill monger part of me
watching the movie was like oh my gosh
you are so stubborn that's rude right
that's not a very complex assessment of
his life and the history of his people
most of the time I felt like yeah you
know that neck thing yeah what y'all
know about the Atlanta y'all know
nothing about what happened in the
Atlantic yeah I was just chilling here
with jaws amoliant atmosphere
speaking of atmosphere when T'Challa
gets up into the ancestors realm i
aughtta Blee guessed it was so beautiful
you know Chadwick it's beautiful the
colors are beautiful the concept left
the scene that's unfolding is beautiful
and for someone like me who don't who
never knew there really knew their
grandparents um let alone the concept of
just having access to hearing ancestors
just having your ancestors on standby
I'm not gonna lie that scene had me in
my entire feelings almost cried you know
I wish you could just bury me and then I
wake up and talk to my people I
thoroughly enjoyed the movie
I think it'll open people up to the idea
of cosplay for the first time which i
think is dope
it gives children access to another
universe when I think of little girls
running around on the playground with
sticks ah when I think about that oh
when I think about little kids using
blankets as shields as vibranium force
fields
I think Black Panther has the ability to
shift people's frame of reference for
the continent I truly believe that
there's gonna be some kid like me in
class during show-and-tell talking about
this is my fabric my parents are from
Kenya it's a country in Africa and kids
are gonna be like oh like Wakanda and
you might think that sounds ignorant but
to me that's cool imma get it on DVD
I do not have a device that can play the
DVD but I'm again it's gonna be a family
heirloom
flick-flick thank y'all so much for
watching this video is sponsored by
audible Ã¡rbol has a vast selection of
audiobooks news shows I use audible to
better myself to be a better me to be a
better educated me so you already know
this videos book recommendation is the
autobiography of a side of Shakur
technically she was a black panther
rollin like the air tube you're insane
she didn't like them the machismo the
brawl Ignace the kill monger next if you
will of the Black Panther Party I think
you should give the book a listen
regardless they have a free audiobook
download just for you my internet
cousins with a 30 day trial membership
just visit Alba calm slash Evelyn or
text Evelyn - 500 500 to download my
recommendation or to download whichever
audiobook you want audible.com slash
Evelyn or text Evelyn - 500 500 and if
you don't even feel like keeping your
membership past 30 days the book is
still yours to keep and listen to
whatever you want shout out to everyone
who wore their magical black girl
merchandise to go watch this movie to go
support Black Panther I appreciate it
magical black chrome merchandise is
still available link will be wherever
links are located usually in the
comments below let me know who you are
in the Black Panther Universe look
forward to your comments and I will see
you on the internet somewhere bye
what kind of forever
