hey YouTube world okay oh my hates me
have one welcome to Veda day whatever
day this is Veda means vlog every day in
April sometimes it'd be like do I have
to say it every day there always be
someone who be like what is Veda what is
they swear to talk real quickly share my
testimony about the love that I have for
Rowan Pope on scandal I am 100% here for
Papa Pope Papa Pope could murder every
character in the show and I'd be like
yeah you probably had a good reason
yeah yeah I'm with you I'm with you I
follow I follow he can literally do no
wrong and you wonder why for several
reasons he owns his evilness
not only does Papa Pope own his evil he
will remind you and he will read you in
a Shakespearean way have you ever been
read on a Shakespearean level though I
bet you ain't never been hey nobody
o'clock nothing in a Shakespearean I
would break out my violin and I'm like
yes I would pay money to have him read
me
I would pay money's real American
dollars maybe even a euro British
sterling pound whatever it's called to
have him just just demolish me on an
emotional psychological level he may
want to do all the emojis all of them
the gun pounds to the rap pow praise
hands Tata
there you wanna do the twerking senorita
you don't think you may want to do all
of that I just like I'm like yeah I hit
so hype when Rowan posts up to the mic
that verbage though and his delivery
that was a big okay when Jake kind of by
the way spoilers when Jake got control
of be 360 Anderson 360 vitamin b12
whatever he got control of that and he
would try to be a heart you know I'm
saying like dude you're a little too
pretty you thought I'm saying sure
you're tall in your beige so I guess
you're powerful or whatever but he
wasn't just wasn't giving me he wasn't
coming
my respect and I went Papa Pope speaks
you hush and he listened you boy hashtag
racial undertones hashtag here for it if
he read Shonda Rhimes I would I would
just throw an Emmy I am just throw it
you are scandal let me know in the
comments who's an eva character see you
on the internet somewhere
mama post cheekbones are illustrated
slice she could slice see my Pope is a
terrace she could slice you with her
cheekbones
he'll be like oh my god where's the
weapon there was no weapon it was her
cheek look if it was her bone structure
that kill you he's going in anyway Roman
Pope is the best
