milkshake wasted about an hour and a
half my stomach gonna be like wine but
let me live my life let me do me
intestines hate the world it's me Ellen
I don't really have one story in
particular I just have like a
smorgasbord I've seen a plethora if you
will of stories just a little ditty just
a little splish-splash is here and there
and they all have to do with being with
identifying as African or
african-american or whatever the heck
I'm supposed to be right number one when
I was I want to say four I don't know
why I remember this so vividly this is
before tumblr before tumblr justice
tumblr social justice before but you
know I feel like kids have way of just
knowing when stuff is wrong what stuff
just don't really be like so I'm
spending the night at my friend Tara's
house and I'll know this Africa thing or
black people thing I really spend the
night at people's houses like that
wasn't a thing so I spent the night in
her house this was like an amazing event
like what I'm going to spend the night
at somebody's house we have our sleeping
bags rat Tara is white I feel like she
Italian but I don't actually remember
when her little who knows what Italian
is anyway she was beige okay like I said
it's a really short little Daniel short
little splash of a story but it's
telling of the rest of my life mm-hmm so
we're about to go to sleep and I said ah
let's get some shut-eye I think I had
heard it maybe like in a movie or
something I wasn't quite reading age I
don't think so I don't think I read it
anywhere if you're not familiar with the
phrase to get some shut-eye means to go
to sleep to close your eyes to sleep oh
let's get some shut-eye and Tara turns
me the most innocent wide-eye
four-year-old
eyes and said is that an African saying
and even then four-year-olds Evelyn was
like all right it's not an African say I
spoke English how can we advocate say of
any country when I spoke English I
remember what I actually said after that
don't worry I just remember that feeling
of what are you talking about is it an
African saying do I just do it am I
supposed to speak in sayings now one of
my favorite teachers growing up was mr.
Wooley
who taught AP History shout to you mr.
Wooley if he watches I don't know if
you're watching this but uh and one of
the reasons he was my favorite one of my
favorite teachers was because he
actually called me by my last name if
you have a last name that is not English
or a generic American acceptable name
people don't really take the time to
understand how to say your name and not
only did he take the time to learn how
to pronounce my name he called me by my
last name but he wouldn't call me Evelyn
Mike you know what I respect that I
respect that mr. Willie I don't know if
you know that what you did whether
deliberate or not I don't know if you
know that it had an effect on me but it
had an effect on me imagine living in a
world where people just refuse they just
give up on your name that does something
to a kid but you said no I'm gonna work
through this silent n through letters
that are supposed to have squigglies but
we took them out because it was
confusing to the white man I'm gonna
work through all of that and call you by
my lap by your last name Thank You mr.
Whalley thank you now I don't even
remember if this this next story took
place in his class it was a history
class of some sort mm-hmm I don't really
remember who whose it was yeah
so we recreated are you ready are you
ready YouTube world we recreated the
slave ship like arrangement scenario
don't know what part of the curriculum
this was he literally turned the lights
off we pushed all the desks to the side
and we lay down like this like feet feet
to head feet to head feet ahead to read
to try and get a semblance I guess of
what it was like to be on a slave ship
now at that point I should have just
walked out of the class I'm not really
too much here for recreating slaveship
I'm body arrangements then the teacher
again I don't remember who was with like
narrate the book that we were reading
and was just talking about the horrible
conditions dysentery and whatever and
I'm like this is kind of emotionally
scarring like why are we doing this the
thing is it's emotionally scarring to
the black people the white people are
just gonna be like okay uh-huh
okay I like there is absolutely nothing
there laying on the ground in the dark
and a classroom could do to shake you to
your inner core to make you sympathize
with a slave mm-hmm if you're white what
I want to know from you is do you have
any hilariously painful stories relating
to race you don't have to be black
obviously is you brown and I'm saying
you Mexican and how to left to get you
the pain if I dare laugh I'd probably
die that got dark so you'll need it
somewhere but I tease that an African
see what do I look like yeah
say
