hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn Veda
day number 13 it's Sunday April 13th
2014 which means the 13th vlog in a vlog
every day in April which is what Veda is
which is what I've been saying for the
past two weeks in case you didn't know
no you know this you are correct your
eyes are not deceiving you there is no
actual footage to go with my voice
consider this the podcast version of
Veda okay because I'm really comfortable
in my bed number one number two slightly
technical difficulties I wasn't really
feeling the footage that I had so far
for today so I was like let me just talk
okay and sit in bed alright so hopefully
you know this actually works in your
favor a little bit mo better because now
you can go on and do other internet
tasks while the smooth stylings of
Evelyn is in the background but there
has been something I feel like
everything be weighing heavy on my
spirit and I don't want that phrase to
lose its importance and its seriousness
because when something be weighing heavy
on my sphere really do be waiting I
let's not even dissect the verb
conjugation that just happened in that
sentence but it really do be wagging
right we all know that Kevon janae
Wallace is going to be an e to my route
yeah Annie that Annie okay and I don't
know if you've seen it but I've seen a
circulating the tumblr Internet's the
trailer for Annie
this new version and Kevon jenna is
Annie Jamie Foxx is I don't remember who
the guy was and Cameron Diaz is somehow
involved which vomitrocious I'm so I
could have done like Jamie five okay I'm
good with Jamie five because he thought
I'm saying I actually have crunked kind
of like me you should I really be here
for him but now I'm kinda sort of here
for him but Cameron Diaz like four why
and they're trying to make her like a
main character like stop it
like you can handle a movie without a
white
we can we handle that though right so I
don't know her acting was horrible just
from the trailer granted everybody's
acting is corny because it's Annie but
to say her acting is even corny err then
it warrants then the film warrants if
I'm saying but anyway that's not what
this is about
this YouTube is about local version a
lace rights in that film what why they
have her in a roller set in a straw set
that has not been properly fluffed if
what I'm saying the girls have not been
separated nobody was really too much
there for no primping you know and
saying they didn't even really try to
make it look any type way so over here
in a Papa grandmothers wig okay and then
the other leg they have her wearing it's
kind of like this wig better I'll be
wearing up on YouTube like the kinky
hair texture wig except the hairline is
just not really the I'm like listen they
could have done they could have used her
own hair Eve what I'm saying I don't
know if she has natural hair if she has
a relaxer but they could have done
something they could have done you know
a twisting curl you felt on the sand
they could have done something but to
have her sit here and look like the
chick version of Bow Wow and like Mike
is just so disrespectful to my spirit
and it wasn't even me it's not even me
in the film
then I'm looking at these pictures of
like her like it's just regular her and
it's just so cute why couldn't they have
done that I don't know chilukula she
looks cute you know gotta push that
hairline a little bit back glue the
edges down a little bit more better but
I didn't that was that her stunt double
sorry I'm looking through Google Images
but I just want to let you know that I
don't approve of the new Annie's hair
not that the regular andis hair was
auntie things to haul it home about
she could have used you know I'm saying
a nice deep conditioning treatment
anyway you know I'm not a costume I'm
not a costume artist whatever it's
called I don't I don't know these things
they then they had of course in beasts
of the southern wild
she lived in like a swamp in like a
bayou community she would looking
straight busted but I almost prefer that
to like a lakes where that's supposed to
pretend to make you look busted just
because she's an orphan like just to
either be dedicated to the busted levels
or you know I don't know tomorrow but
truth be told when I'm to go back and
watch Annie cuz I don't really too much
remember what happened
of course I watched it hey that's what
else about let me know what you think of
Annie's lace front it's just too much
hair I feel like they put like five
bundles look uh I don't know anything
with the terminology like a closure or
something her closure don't really look
too much put together properly and she's
you know like what to do that to her
just why can't she look like even though
she is playing an orphan why does she
have to look you know yeah just look
like a target ahead herb jeans are
really cute you throw what I'm saying
but what do I know I'm just a black girl
anyway
differed today but yeah and I will see
you on the internet somewhere bye
tomorrow tomorrow I love you tomorrow
you're only a day away
