hello YouTube world it's me Evelyn
happy Sunday um doyon is in the shower
so I'm coming to you eyebrows with no
eyeliner no chapstick no deodorant so we
just gonna have to uh Tralee unfortunate
all this is just really unfortunate I am
headed out of that door but I would am
obligated to make Aveda video I guess so
I just wanted to quick tell you a quick
story this is the story of the girl who
had no edges sit down children once upon
a time there was a girl who had no edges
and her name was bevel n' and all the
king's horses and all the king's men
rode throughout the kingdom to try and
find her edges but they were having some
troubles because they were scattered as
far as the East is from the West you
thought I'm saying so they had to split
up into teams to divide and conquer to
go to the four corners of the earth in
order to find her edges you might be
wondering what did princess Bevan oh
yeah she's the princess what did
princess bubble and do to make her edges
be scattered and strewn throughout the
land
well well um haven't got enough on the
story hold on okay well I'm the King her
father said that um in order to join in
order to become queen to be queen and
training she must go to graduate school
now princess Belvin wasn't really too
much here for you know san graduate
school so she was
like you know father I'm not quite here
for grad school her father the King
being the benevolent a warm king that he
was he said okay that's fine I love you
auntie ways and then Chandon princess
beveling thought all was well but then
what had happened was she was walking
through the garden of good fortune one
evening a serpent slithered on the tree
and was wipes stop she was like what is
dad where is that coming from
I'm in the garden of good fortune - not
me
the princess government was actually in
the garden of good fortune because the
natural SAP that flows from the trees is
an edge tamer to us this is when she had
her full inches remember I'm telling you
story of how her eye just disappeared
she was using the natural nectar of the
gods in the garden of good fortune to
smooth down her edges and then the
serpent came and the serpent was like
you should start making YouTube videos
and Princess album was like won't that
bring disgrace to my family dough and
the serpent was like no so then she I
don't know where a camera came from the
garden of good fortune but it like
sprinkled down from the sky she started
making YouTube videos and and nobody
accepted her into grad school and so
even though her father had said that it
was okay it really wasn't
and so the magical who came I forget the
story I know the story like the back of
my hand like it was me or something
the advisor to the king said as a
punished
meant for disgracing your family on the
Internet's we are going to sprinkle your
edges throughout the kingdom and bubblin
was like no my god don't do that
I need my edges and the advice was like
I don't care and the king was like what
she's my daughter
you know I'm gonna love her with or
without edges but then Bevin was like
but you okay you gonna love but you
can't get my edges for me or the king
and so that's the story of how Princess
Bubble it didn't have no edges see Liana
to her pot it's kind of like Ariel
losing her voice except it's her edges
can you imagine if that was a real
punishment I want to be human
give me Reggie
