hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn you
caught me on a bad day I'm sick but we
are going to power through this best as
we can we're gonna be doing a product
review of the dark and lovely oh natural
anti breakage line full disclosure in
various things like such as I have an
employee of Nash - curly calm I did work
with dark and lovely on the launch of
the grow-out Diaries which was this cool
thing where we set these products to
nine women didn't tell them who made the
products and just ask them to vlog about
their personal reasons have you said
that I have not been paid to sit here
sorry let me get a quick copy let's get
started there's four products in the
line first product in the dark and
lovely Oh natural anti breakage line is
the tension release hair wash I've been
using all the products in this line for
the past month or two so I've used this
maybe for four to five times in that
span of time uh-huh as you may or may
not know my hair is bleached some parts
are more bleached than others I don't
know if you can tell in this light but
all of my hair is dark blue and then the
front section is bright like Superman
blue I do have cleansers that are still
my faves this has not like bumped my
favs off the throne the one thing that
stands out about this product is that it
made my hair stop bleeding I've been
experimenting with different colors of
blue and I've used several different
types of blue but more recently I've
used manic panics rockabilly blue and
that blew the check out the Sally's cash
register will tell you that it bleeds
everywhere it just bleeds forever and no
shampoo helps no color treated shampoo
no natural whatever nothing I started
using this shampoo my color stopped
falling off my hair
know what is in this that makes it do
that but I'm glad it does it because I
can stay blue for longer yeah second
product and the dirty mobile your
natural anti breakage line is the
strengthen restoring conditioner is so
big I can literally throw it at you and
it still wouldn't come out of the bottle
is so fit I am usually used my hair
therapy wrap that baby much you
microwave you put it on your hair and
your hair gets hot there's a go out on
your naps and the tank will just melt
away when I rinse it out my hair is so
soft and melty and I can detangle it has
no silicones I pretend to care about
ingredients because I do peer pressure
from use I in all reality I'm just like
if it works then I'm here for it
a five out of five afro puffs because
it's seriously bomb third product in
this line is the leave-in conditioner
root to tip mender unlike the other two
products a shampoo conditioner which
were about 13 13.5 fluid ounces this is
for fluid ounces so it's significantly
smaller I have a really fine hair for
the conditioner I'm rinsing that out
right so it can be heavy and thick and
weigh my hair down so I can detangle it
all but when my hair if I'm leaving a
product in my hair I need it to be right
in Slippery and this is a little too
thick for my hair and that doesn't
really lend itself to for me in my
regimen to layering products 3 out of 5
because it's neither here nor there last
product of the four products in the dark
and lovely o natural anti breakage line
is the super soft mean hair butter after
this strengthening conditioner the hair
butter is my favorite product it has
coconut oil it's a third ingredient but
it does contain
the mecca cone a little bit after that
if that is not cheer liking I'm just
letting you know in the video
description box wool is a link to all
the products and like the price and like
directions and like the ingredients so
you know I'm saying Reading Is
Fundamental a lot of butter is just like
are coming tacky or sticky and this is
really smooth I can detangle with it if
I needed to in my mind I'm like this
this is a leave-in conditioner like it
feels amazing in my hair
slim makes my hair soft my hair is old
yeah it is so rusty and dusty I just
keep putting this on top because it
makes it it like brings it back to life
it might not look like this bags alive
and that's my fault for not styling in
my hair but I'm Lenny know how it feels
and it feels I'm really soft and you
want a 4 out of 5 because a 5 out of 5
is reserved for like a shea butter whip
from ghana like it was literally a shea
butter whip it was literally a hair
butter then you might could get a 5 out
of 5 I'm kind of exhausted but I hope
this is helpful to somebody out there
that being said thanks for watching this
video
Thank You Drakken lovely some medicine
so I'll see you on the air
