82 births we Ellen here with my leek
teal hello hi there I'm a huge fan of
your style your videos let's just take a
minute to look at this head right yes
because late for the guys back to you
she's here and also for South by
Southwest sort of like the it's like
Freaknik for nerds hey I'm here for a
couple of days and it's warm so um
that's what I'm doing this one's answer
a couple questions on how we the young
the younger crew can I get it together I
think that college and you know all
these movies make you think that once
you have a degree that you are now
equipped and prepared to go out and take
over the world and in some ways you are
but you think like well if I'm not the
CEO or if I don't have this fancy job or
you make the mistake of looking around
at your peers do not beat yourself up if
it's year two when you're still
unemployed do not beat yourself if is
your two and you still aren't two
hundred percent sure what you want to do
do lots of small things take lots of
action if you're not working be reading
volunteering read pee breathe we know
that if you're a post college graduate
and you aren't the seat or you don't
have a fancy job that you're right on
target
we have a tendency to tweet what we're
working on just wrapped up this
photoshoot not to get it in so you can
see your female like I'm doing nothing
but you have to remember that social
media is to essentially highlight what's
going on in your life so those are
people's highlights you might be they
might be wrapping up a photo shoot but
they may have been the lowest assistant
of the new you're looking at photos on
Instagram are you looking at 140
characters on Twitter no one's giving
you the full story you have to really
sort of just go okay that's nice and
then focus on what your
people don't realize I am 33 years old I
have so many people who are like 24 or
25 feeling like they should be where I
am but I'm like I'm a little older I've
been doing this well I have a lot of
experience it takes time it takes a long
time if they're like me and they don't
have like a one goal in mind how can
they do they keep pushing for it because
easy to get complacent strengthening and
sharpening general skills you know there
are things that you should be good at no
matter what you're doing number one I
always say no matter what business
you're in you're out you're in the
people business first so you need to
learn sales because you need to learn
how to sell yourself you need to learn
how to sell your skills you need to
learn how to sell your product so you
can always be reading sales and
marketing books sounds of marketing
classes and then finding out what you
don't like this is now the time to say I
mean there were a lot of things that I
did I mean I've had jobs for one day I
graduated I got this job at one of the
brands that are in like Walgreens and
stuff so you literally had to go to all
these different customers Revlon all
these different accounts and like count
all the eyeliners and count like now is
the time to find out what you don't like
and no one will judge you for it because
your ego that's what you're supposed to
be doing being a visionary and being a
creative you see things that other
people can't say people think you're
crazy
yes that's me when I'm sorry to come
okay so I have this idea and it's like
oh this is what I want it to look like
and I saw this business I saw the logo I
saw the photos I saw the YouTube like I
saw it happening when you're sitting
here with your friends and you've got
enough like the papers like I had like
these Polaroids and Mike and it'll be
like this a lot of people are going to
doubt you and discourage you and you
have to welcome it and accept it because
that's what they're supposed to do when
you see things that other people can't
see you can
upset that they don't see it it's in
your mind
and sometimes you'll get some of those
things out and sometimes you won't get
them all out but I just had at 22 I just
said this is who I am I'm going to be a
creative people may not understand
everything that I want to do but now
that day is like always hope this video
helps you realize something in yourself
thank you it was such a pleasure meeting
you you remain one of my favorites yeah
