I think we're to get glasses on Sutter
cane squirrels see Evelyn I'm here to do
not a product review not any sort of pop
culture commentary I'm just here to make
a pledge video for Garnier is where
you're here curly dude that's on August
fourteenth shout out to all my August
babies with August fresh in the house so
yeah anyway that's my birth month just
thought I'd throw that out there how do
you think this is just a video of me
telling you about the place this is not
in fact my pledge what I had to do to
make my pledge you have to go to
Garnier's website and i'll leave the
link in the video description box under
their website on the left side of the
page there will be a little counter
right now things at 14,000 baby until
you click I pledge to America I'm
gardenia we'll look at all the pledges
and then make a donation to Lily Mae
rock camp for girl now I have a friend
whose daughter went to willie Mae rock
camp for girls and now she plays the
drums listen it's so serious people
always like other girls aren't drummers
girls aren't bass player but you know
what you go girl you do anything you
want you can rock out I am down for that
cause wearing my hair natural is
something that I do already so it's
really no problem for me to go on there
and click that link i pledge to hashtag
wear my hair curly august fourteenth for
a Garnier's wear your hair curly
I think you should do okay share this
with your friends y'all give more views
to a natural hair video so if you're
really about that live you will devote
that much attention and stand this and
fandom to a pledge to send girls r at
Camp Rock their world see on the
internet somewhere about
