hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn happy
Memorial Day weekend if you live in the
United States of America
I'm hope you're enjoying yourself excuse
the wetness but I just want to film this
video before I forget you I have to
leave the house again etc etc to
infinity and beyond but what this video
is going to be about I'm going to do a
product review more like a product line
review of Nia organics which is the
brand by youtuber Nia flota
you guys watch your I launcher she's my
internet cousin to save Internet cousin
that sent me miss Jesse super sweet bag
treatment so you know it's real this is
a hashtag be GBV which means hashtag
black girl beauty brands which I'm
always done for supporting and doing
reviews on if you know someone I should
check out I'll check them out if you
want a Skilsaw me not see I'm not stop
you for sending me something on seeing
who run the world
let girls
so these are the four products that I
was sent from Nia organics Island coffee
cream body scrub the lavender and lemon
dead sea mud mask
Yayo butter ye oh ye o butter yellow
butter softening foot bone these the
core products that I've been using for a
second I feel like at least a month
alright or maybe even two months the
body scrub I highly recommend in general
body scrubs like if you don't do body
scrubs start because it's a great way to
exfoliate because you have been dead
skins all over you need to get them dead
skins off you ingredients sugar coconut
oil cranberry butter coffee grounds
grapefruit seed extract that's it that's
all that's in here sugar oil there's the
coffee grounds it's just a nice time
it's a really nice time it's not like an
invigorating smell like like peppermint
would be or maybe lemon or something
this is a very deep silky smooth v smell
scrub your body just scrub yo body with
this yes your bathtub floor will be
slippery so just be careful that's your
standard of all scrubs because there is
oil so just don't use that much you
really don't need that much sorry I'm
not even a coffee person this I give
this a five out of five K's after a puff
rating cuz on my skin's so I don't know
five skin so I just I'll discuss things
next product that I was set was the
lavender and lemon dead sea mud mask
ingredients are dead sea mud so if you
like one to Jerusalem
you want to Nazareth or something on the
Sea of Galilee or whatever and she got
her some mud lavender essential oil and
lemon essential oil that's it this is
what it looks like inside it is just mud
it's just mud I've never actually tried
product like this before because I do
my own facial masks and tonight clay mix
it with apple cider vinegar or sometimes
just water if I don't have any apple
cider vinegar I'm like some tea tree oil
some peppermint essential oil and I just
use that pretty religiously made in
difference between this and mock the one
that I make is that this is super smooth
you can put it on dry skin or slightly
damp skin either way it just like goes
on so smooth even coverage don't have a
chunks of the clay or in this case the
mud anywhere it smells very uh
everything is medicinal but hey that's
the I mean you're you're putting dead
sea mud on your face you know I'm saying
Abraham probably touched this mud Yvonne
for 20 minutes rinse thoroughly with
lukewarm water and then apply your
moisturizer or do whatever you do with
your life and it hardens and it you look
all crackly and then you rinse it off
and your face is so clean and refreshed
a little goes a very very long way so
this will last me a hot second which I'm
a fan of because you don't even use it
every day so this will ask me overly
long time 5 out of 5
skins 5 out of 5 skins for this lavender
and lemon dead sea mud mask phenomenal
this for real
listen to my words third product is the
yield butter the yellow butter a
luxurious cream that restores softness
and moisture to dry skin the first
ingredient is water so yes it does
actually moisturize your skin if you
have if you're actually putting on pure
shea butters not going to make your skin
not anymore you're gonna be greased up
but your skin still going to be dry so
that's why you need something with water
in it or or you put that shea butter
over slightly wet skin it's kind of the
same idea as sealing your hair the
ingredients water koop wash the butter
Takuma butter loose okobu butter a side
butter almond oil grape seed almond oil
grape seed oil horse tail butter meadow
farm butter
cranberry butter hello butter
passionfruit oil avocado oil a whole cuz
am I finna go and buy all these and
greens and whip up my own no body from
someone who do as you can see I have
used this quite a bit I use it out the
shower I use it like in the middle of
the day actually somewhere light almost
whipped consistency but the thing is
when you rub it in you do feel that it's
wet so it is a moisturizer I'm sorry I'm
pulling the no cereza I really don't
know I am getting hints of sugary stuffs
I don't know my old smell I'm so if you
are allergic to high doses of fragrance
this will be just fine so soft and I can
even put this on my face I would put
maybe this much maybe even less put me
this much on my face rub it in silky
smooth skins silky silky some skins and
of course I want a bigger size
so the afloat if you're listening offer
up a bigger size and I will give you my
money's real American dollars as always
5 out of 5 skin cells the last product
in the package of goodies I was sent
from Nia organics or Nia flota on the
YouTube internets was the softening foot
bone listen if you got silk sheets and
your feet snag on the sheet stop and
reevaluate your life choices get you a
pumice stone get you a pedegg you know
I'm saying CBS got their own brands like
$2 cheaper than the pedegg that's on the
infomercials snatched you one of those
you know I'm saying and bust that foot
open you feel what I'm saying there is
no reason why you need to be walking
around here with snaggle feets Snuffy
man this is what she would put on your
feets after you have busted them with
some sort of a blunt object as you can
see I'm the first to admit I have to
bust my feet wide open you know I'm
saying I saw I have to do it too
smells like peppermint but chocolate it
seems like a york peppermint pattie kind
of that chocolate mint thing this is
what it looks like it's oily as opposed
to the yayo butter which was watery and
so it's just pure oils just yummy
delicious goodness awesome five out of
five now I will say if you're looking to
consolidate your body products I would
go ahead and just get the Ale butter
because you can put the el bote on your
feet just fine
I'm this a nice little thing to have but
if you don't want to buy both I'd say go
with the heel butter five out of five
skin cells this entire freaking line is
on point
I'll let you go near Florida right quick
knee organics the links will be
everywhere Thank You Internet cousin for
sending me those goodies I really
appreciate it yes if you are into
supporting hashtag bgb visas like I am I
would definitely go over and give me
organics a look-see so I hope you enjoy
this review if you have any questions
leave them in comments we can talk if
you want to see me on the internet
somewhere facebook.com slash Evelyn from
the Internet's Instagram I'm Evelyn from
the Internet's on there as well Twitter
I'm Evy Zev 5yz zy that's just the way
it is okay
Evy EEE EEE zy V's see you on the
Internet
