hi my name is rigidly and I just hosted
I and HMV international that's what
we're made of day 2013 in Austin
this event that occurs in 25 states on
the same day it's an event where
Nationals can come out and collaborate
eat I'm talk we give away to the end we
can't get speakers for them rating from
natural hair stylist how to make up
artist this year we actually had a
gentleman that did dreadlocks to that
big chance
 getting my ears but he is it
depends on you and that's what everybody
here is been saying what works for you
was good for you for the point is let's
support each other new engine and until
these other girls that would you do that
that was good yeah
you know yeah
it was a wonderful event we had a lot of
vendors selling jewelry makeup we had a
makeup artist being some lashes and we
had a chronic maker hero via from 30th
natural haircare out of Dallas and she
actually sold some of her products as
well as being a guest speaker it was a
wonderful event it was a great turnout
we actually sold out and I'm hoping to
do it again baby later this year
y'all thought so vlog was over huh y'all
got the vlog was over incorrect nita paw
first you know we gotta have
informations can see that that one and
that one wrote that one all this yes
informations some jamaican black castor
jamaican mango lime you got some stuff
by crip fight by pearls and I focus
cashmere curls you got some shame
moisture curl enhancing smoothie you got
it's aunt jackie's which is like a more
affordable miss jessie's is actually
really good i've tried it alakay
naturals three sisters of nature curling
jello Aubrey organics the rosa mosqueta
Moscato what does it cause my boo what
is this sephora i feel it whoo prada hey
hey dolce and gabbana Anna suey I don't
know how but she sounds fancy and then I
won a give away from kumasi key
moisturizing cream oh I heard all y'all
talk about this the moisturizing spray
was fit though oh I'm actually going to
be trying this brand out and coming back
to you with the review and probably a
giveaway maybe overall I had a really
nice time it was an awesome event if
you're unlike Houston and like Atlanta
DMV area your real spoil it Austin says
is a treat looking forward to going to
marleys and
Austin I'm down for the cause yeah see
on the internet somewhere by
