hey hold on I'm thirsty
topo Chico get you some I wish I could
forget you Sonic Spanish what does get
you song in Spanish in the comments
somebody tell me how does they get you
some in Spanish so I can make a
commercial okay so this is my Vina um
whatever Davis is it's 11:30 p.m. I
don't feel like editing where's hell so
I'm going to do direct upload to YouTube
how are you guys today are you doing
well that's good I think for one of my
Veda is I want to have a Google hangout
so I can like actually see all spaces
mice might have doing so I could
actually see all spaces and whatnot um
if you oh I'm allergic to I got these
new earrings from like Urban Outfitters
a while back and I just now started
wearing them and I think I'm allergic to
whatever metal it was made out of
because my ear hole is like closing and
it's not a new ear hole like what um
what is going on
can I get my life together um yeah so
what's going on with me today I went to
work I ate food I front my friend came
over I took some pictures of Dom you
know and then tomorrow I do it all over
again
might get wrecked tomorrow cuz all
tomorrow's Wednesday I why am I always a
day I thought today was Wednesday so
tomorrow would be Thursday but I'm
incorrect anyway I'm rambling ah I have
absolutely zero to say to you um p-per
like make a video about this look a
video about this I'm like okay but are
you gonna edit it are you gonna edit
that video cuz I can talk I don't take
no kind of energy out of me to pop off
at the mouth
but editing is you gonna edit it though
so that's why these couple videos have
been sucky because it's like the last
thing you want to do after you work an
entire day is to spend two hours editing
something like in what world in what
world um oh yeah
that's meat oh okay I'm gonna talk about
let me talk about my youtube crushes
actually I just want to want to talk
about one YouTube crush cannot see I you
down in love with Mitchell Davis like I
know it's like typical because like
everybody's in love with like Mitchell
Davis like like like but like I believe
I'm special because we both say drawl
like d ra w d ra w drawl is pronounced
drawl and he said that he's like drawing
and I say drawing so it pretty much
means I'm supposed to bear his firstborn
son I'm pretty sure that's what that
means
you know like you know so I'm pretty
much in love with him all his videos I
love them I watch them over and over and
over I just really like him a lot don't
let me catch you mean bass Kreutz though
sorry
I'm actually not on oh that's nothing I
talked about so I told you about my I'm
YouTube crush let me tell you about what
it's like to UM meet someone you watch
on YouTube in real life well not what
it's like but how if I ever meet you
what it might be like oh I'm married by
the way what's going to be like see the
thing about YouTube is that I only make
a video when I'm feeling good right
there London like two videos where I
feel like crap and I just made a video
but for the most part I only make a
video when I'm feeling but I'm feeling
my best
Evelyn scales so you might catch me in
these streets feeling like like nothing
you know sometimes I'd be on a thousand
trillion sometimes they'd be like
negative negative 55 you know there you
might catch me on negative 55 day and in
those instances you might be like I once
really boring but another thing is that
meaneth there's so many dodgy my
personality is I'm pretty quiet actually
and people like oh my god you're
hilarious and I'm like I'm talking to
nobody
of course of course of course I'm not
performing I'm just this is who this is
what is that haha do you see oh it looks
so scary but it doesn't look like that
to me um yeah my personality is such
that I don't really speak I really talk
to strangers we're just wigs I'm a
journalist but um I've no problem
talking to strangers but I'm not just
like oh it's about it
sidenote my neighbors were bumping
r.kelly
hotel they were bumping it and I'm like
sorry I think it's 2013 can we quit it
anyway um oh they same personality um a
lot of people when they I went I've
become friends with them they said when
they first met me they eat if I was mean
like I didn't like them or that I was
shy and I've just stopped trying to
fight that vibe
and I give off because hey that's just
the vibe I give off
I don't really be talking to you because
I don't know you why should I talk to
you oh and it's not even like pinky in
the air it's more like why I got the
three friends I got oh yeah why I'm good
until you show me that we should be
friends you know I'm saying but you know
people really cool people are awesome
you're awesome your mom's awesome your
cousin ray Ray's awesome I'm sure he's
not that trifling I'm sure you can give
them another chance good another chance
I have no idea what I'm talking about
right now and it's almost midnight so
I'm gonna go it's almost eight minutes
long um am I gonna make a video tomorrow
who knows let me grab my topo Chico
but yeah so if I want to do a google
hangout what time would be the bad movie
the evening so if you don't I live in
Texas why do I always say - excellent I
live in Texas oh by the way say in Texas
April 16th is national national today in
Texas is Selena day rest in peace
bidi bidi Bom Bom um yeah alright period
makes you take a pic a baby girl the
other one um so anyway yeah so I live in
Texas so it would be around maybe nine
o'clock Central Time is that it would
that be a good time for Google hangout
let me know I don't know how to do I
don't I never did one of these things
but I mean I mean joining them for other
people that I like from the Internet's
so I say I say I say I say I
oh I got my defensive driving
certificate I'm done with that
I'll see you guys later
