it's my Frederick Douglass fro the only
good thing about this J what is this you
ask this is a freaking adult-sized
capri-sun oh that's what it is this is
almost 12 ounces I don't know how big a
railer capri-sun is this is massive
compared to what the regular Capri Suns
be and then it has this top on it I saw
it in the store has to take a picture
Instagram that whole and then buy it
because reasons it was a twist thing so
that means you can close it
alright innovation innovation then as
you can see I got crumbs sorry I was
also eating a lunchable so that's what
it looks like we'll take a little you
know pouch canteen listen flavor is this
Maui cooler it's a mixed fruit flavored
juice drink blend okay that'd be good
hmmm now this can cause somebody thirst
real quick this can cause some buddy
thirst real quick there's a problem with
oka presense was like it was like a
tablespoon of liquid like how am I
supposed to get my thirst quenched after
playing with a nerf gun or whatever
children do on a tablespoon of liquid
you don't wanna quit crosswalk and it's
all gone but this is right here as a
beverage I have no idea how much this
was I don't sell them in boxes they were
in like individuals like on a shelf
on a little display cuz you know they
have to do the advertising facebook.com
slash capri-sun goes big so they do in
social media just cuz I got some big
Capri Suns finally this is what regular
Capri Suns should be like and that was
my review I think I just reviewed food
for the first time
Capri Sun big it have a name is just the
big version there's eleven point two
fluid ounces and it's delicious
get you some come
