I know that somebody's mother is gonna
come on here and tell me how I am a
deplorable human being for chewing gum
in front of my own camera in my own
house I know somebody's mama's gonna
come and do that I just I feel it within
my spirit so you know what happy day to
day three YouTube world it's me Evelyn
shoutout to Samantha for suggesting I
talk about this particular topic she
suggested this over on my facebook
facebook.com slash Evelyn from the
Internet's and she suggested that I talk
about my recent trip to NYC you did I
went to New York on a business trip I
was assigned to go to New York and turns
out I was kind of directing a video
shoot with L'Oreal Paris don't I don't
know I don't know how these things be
happening but they be happening to me
the past couple months we had been
working on and recruiting vloggers
fabulous ladies that we would like to
feature in these videos and you know
since I'm on the YouTube internet it was
kind of my job to dive in there and find
a cast and then run to New York and shop
that hole we shot I also had to help
find a shooting location a set and this
is what we found
so an I can also add set designer to my
resume because we turned that into this
so there's I can do that the camera crew
came and they were setting up their
cameras and then hair and makeup came
and they pretty much asked me everything
Halen what were you thinking in terms of
me changing their makeup look for the
day tonight what about like a low you
know smokey eye when we tip to suck
I don't that's me how about you do a
little thing with a bang and then you
Bobby pen
the weirdest part was that I would say
cut and the cameras would cut it was a
very stressful
busy day it was like a 12 or 13 hour a
day for me but in the end I was like yo
I directed an online piece of media by
the biggest hair and beauty company in
the world I just have to take a moment
and be like you did that you go you keep
it going
I almost went to the brows on accident
on my first time on the New York subway
but um overall Newark New York was
really really fun I want to go back in
the summer I don't
how I'm gonna do that money's wise the
summer time I've heard is a really
difficult place to be in New York
because everyone is so fly especially in
magical black Brooklyn which is
undoubtedly where I would try to be I
don't know how I can keep up with all
the East African girls with natural hair
and big booties like Drake wants but I
will try my best not to be too much of a
country peasant in my presence I'm gonna
end this video with a question just
because I feel like I want to talk to
you guys I don't want it to be like put
my face on the Internet you watch my
face and then that's it you know I'm
saying we got a cuddle a little bit okay
we got a cuddle the question that I want
to ask you YouTube world what goal or
opportunity or project are you working
towards right now it could be kind of
graduating may a non-fan who's trying to
get out it could be trying to enter into
a school to be trying to get a new rule
in play just let me know what you're
working towards right now we can offer
encouragement and you know what you
never know sometimes in the comments
people have exactly what you're needing
they have a connection and magical
things be happening on the Internet
that's why I've stayed here this this
entire time because magical things be
happening alright so hashtag get you
some see you on the internet some
