I don't want to live in this world
anymore hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn
coming to you live from my house um just
got back from work thought I would make
my introduction video to Veda Veda keep
it trill say beta which is vlog every
day in I'm out of breath
vlog every day in April I was inspired
to do this thing this right here by
stood in here on the YouTube internets
and I guess today is first day of Veda
is to introduce yourself to those who
may not know you
so hello my name is Evelyn it's really
hard to keep my head up and like a baby
I can't keep my head up
laughing my youtube channel is a
plethora of things a cornucopia if you
will and um sometimes I think like the
majority of things that people be
knowing me for on the Internet is
natural hair naturally curly afro tastic
hair tutorials and things like such as
um the other part of it is just funny
stuffs I'd be saying stuffs that's
really it um I live in I was really hard
to keep my head up I live in Texas and
um many ways Oh East African or head
look at that look at that so anyway
hello everyone I'm looking forward to
watching y'all's Veda videos I've
already watched a couple of them looking
good y'all and yeah so I'm about to go
run there by the way today I'm starting
my couch to 5k program so I can and hope
sent in by the time I'm 25 I can run a
marathon all right hashtag run like an
angry Kenyan rah
