hello
is this thing on well I internet world
you YouTube I don't know I'm just gonna
go but yeah yeah it's me Evelyn
I almost forgot my name and I just
wanted to you know hop on here here
being GarageBand to kind of say hello
because a video is not really feasible
at this moment I'm okay so where am I I
am in bed
right now it's 6:45 in the ATM I was
supposed to be I'm supposed to be doing
work you know cuz I went to bed at 8
p.m. I was feeling really oh it was lame
it was lame I need to apologize to
myself but I just can't stay up like I
used to when I was a young little thing
in college but um yeah it just really
hard for me to stay up these days you
know and I don't know why so anyways
it's pretty early in the morning I'll
just be doing work kind of like to make
my morning easier at work I wake up
early and do work here which reminds me
I need to buy a desk because doing work
from bed that good I mean it's good it
feels good but it's not really that good
I need to compartmentalize my life okay
anyway as my mama would say you so
congested and I'm not sick you know I
just woke up and that's why I found so
anyways um what do I want to say what do
I want to say to you know I want to say
hello I want to say that I did end up
going to Nigeria sorry for social media
week Lagos Nigeria that was really fun I
learned a lot about myself and a lot
about how I am perceived it always sucks
when
someone thinks you think something and
it's not what you think
but I think that's what you think off
the way you're acting it's always kind
of won't walk you know so that had me
down for a bit still kind of doubt about
that don't really know what to do you
know you know how slowly you know how
okay you have a personality right and if
you're like me your personality isn't
readily apparent you know I've had a lot
of people tell me when they first met me
they thought I was either shy or mean
you know all to say I'm quiet right so
that you know I guess I'm quiet um I
don't really be speaking up and also
when I'm fatigued I cannot hide it you
know I don't need to eat every day I
don't need to do any of those things but
I do need sleep and when I'm not I'm
sleep-deprived it's almost like you know
after the world you know don't let me
camera anything I don't know where I'm
going with this conversation but oh yeah
personality so yeah if you're like me
your personality isn't readily apparent
and only you know only really your
friends really know how you'd be doing
you know I'm saying they they're the
ones to know the multi-faceted mists of
your persona okay and it always sucks
when someone hasn't gotten a chance
I guess it's my fault just to see the
other sides of you and they think that
you're one way or they think that year
you were feeling a certain way well
you're really not feeling any type of
way you know what I'm saying so that
always sucks
um don't know what that has to do with
anything but I just had to get it off my
chest this is what else don't want to
talk about um yeah Dorian is in Korea
doing big things so I'm gonna try and
visit her in September that seems like a
pretty good
time to save you know it's far away
enough that I can save money it's also
autumn over there like it is over here I
guess so the weather is apparently gonna
be really nice so I guess that's my
first big financial goal or whatever is
- actually my my first big financial
goal is to be able to pay for my
brother's college like startup stuff you
know like you know furnish the door not
furnish their dorm room but you know put
crap in the dorm room type stuff so I
don't even do that
and then after that comes going to Korea
right so anyway sorry to say but yeah
the post college life my don't my domain
name almost expired well I did expire
and I renewed it so the post college
life calm is still my play you read
though is you mad um so remember that
time I said I came off hiatus from that
blog and then it's been an easy two
months again huh
fun times but I don't know I need to get
my life together as far as time
management and figuring out why I'm
always tired because I'm always tired
and being on the Internet's
professionally requires that not
sleeping yeah kind of rambling now and
the Sun is starting to come out
truly oh my god I don't know what else
to say there's a I filmed a giveaway
video in on January 1st never posted it
because I don't actually have the money
to ship the thing was to the winners of
the giveaway so that's on hold um what
else
curlbox I got my curlbox before I left
for Nigeria
I should do a video but the thing is I
haven't used any of the products in the
January pearl box so that'll be like the
shortest video known to man so what else
is coming up South by Southwest if
you're gonna be an awesome for South by
Southwest aisle that me on Twitter we
can you know chill and do various things
like such as I'm gonna be doing some
stuff for work down there but I'm also
and I'm gonna be filming some stuff I
think and I think I'm gonna get to see
my wife Lianne La Havas wall she's my
girlfriend I'm gonna propose to her
during South by Southwest
don't tell her though it's kind of like
a secret I'm just supposed to like I'm
just gonna like come up on stage and be
like will you marry me and then she'll
say yes normal of having live happily
ever after and have little caramel
babies well actually our babies will
probably be all three different change
it's gonna be a real bright one then
there's gonna be like a mid to one and
then everyone's like my color is gonna
be awesome anyway I don't know what I'm
saying so yeah I will see you on the
internet somewhere here you see or hear
you or read you or not read you know on
the clock
the T but read like your words on the
internet somewhere bye
oh yeah follow me on the Internet I'm
facebook.com slash Evelyn from the
Internet's follow me on Twitter at sine
Eve easy that's easy
EEE EEE that's fine YZ zy alright
YouTube youtube.com slash slash user
slash spicy Eve I hate that name by the
way
and what else that's really pretty much
it so bye
