hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn and
here to do a twist and curl demo
otherwise known it's a tutorial and a
review of Paul Mitchell curls hair
products now if you want a sneak peak of
what the hair styling lines I've to
watch the entire video here you go Billy
people are naturally calm bless me with
these products is my honest review so on
and so forth you already know me though
so you know it's not gonna be a problem
alright my hair has been pre pulling
deep conditioning for entirely too long
my scalp is just like oh air so the next
step is to go ahead and shampoo my hair
the Paul Mitchell curls a spring-loaded
detangling shampoo I'm going to do maybe
like one or two twists here from the
camera at the sink and then go ahead and
finish in the shower because this is
just awkward
okay so far it's not matting on here so
that's this alright seeing you all right
my hands are too super and now I'm going
to use the Paul Mitchell girls a
full-circle leave-in treatment and on
top of that I'm going to use the
Palmetto girls twirl around crunch free
curl liner so you put my hair in these
same twists and turns I use a lot
please absolutely okay yes it definitely
has slip to it then I just roll it and
put it up passes nice slip action going
on close up initial reason that's their
that's their that is a really nice slip
dad sometimes these leave-in
conditioners they're like oh my sizing
treatment and those are all best
cardboard
okay now I'm going to apply the punch
will twirl around crunch free creme lip
liner
and then I just twist two strand twist
being sure to smooth down each section
before I wrap it around just whoop
quality ends just take the ends and curl
wrap them around close it I'm not slow
to twist and curl so don't want to get
time ready of my head I try to do two
two to one the center one the center to
run the center um that's my strategy so
it's the next day and my hair is
perfectly dry my hair feels really
normal like there's no product in it but
there's not going to be any crunch not
going to be any hardness or anything
like that I love it so I'll just go
ahead and take these out what I do is I
take out all the rollers and then
untwist all the twists and then separate
all the twists um that way the hair can
start to take shape at the same time
because sometimes if you mess up one
twist and it's frizzy you got to be able
to balance it out so
great definition on the twist and curl
and how does masha deal with products as
it does my technique yeah
so you see movable alright so this is
the finished product what is that doing
I do this hairstyle because it gives me
volume I have thin hair so it gives me
some volume um apart from wearing like
my shrunken afro which is pretty compact
and thick looking but if I were twist
outs braid outs
it just looks but so a little curl to
the ends and it somehow changes the
shape which I'm a fan of so this is what
the results are
I quite like
this line smells amazing it smells like
a slightly masculine version of sweet
pea you know Sweet Pea fragrance from
back body words from anybody really so
it's like a slightly more cologne
version of that and it's just define
it's one of those things are like just
to get a whiff of your hair I'm starting
with the shampoo it I mean it wasn't any
different than any shampoos that I've
used in the past for the past couple of
months the greater part of the year I've
been using shampoo bars and those are
basically conditioners with lather my
hair is very slippery and I can finger
detangle using that I can't quite do
that with this granted it doesn't strip
my hair it doesn't make it feel like hay
or anything like that
all I'm saying is that it's pretty
standard
it feels pretty standard for the sulfate
free shampoos that are out there um yeah
I would give this 3 out of 5 afro puffs
um just because I wouldn't switch to
this but it's alright the leave-in
conditioner is a bomb I would give this
5 out of 5 afro puffs because the
consistency is perfect it's a little
translucent a little loose and um watery
but still creamy enough to really have
some slip going yes you can detangle
with it while in your hair I didn't do
that just because that I had detangle
the night before but I could if I really
wanted to um it says replenish every
curl with this dreamy creamy leave-in
treatment lightweight yes
good old formula hydrates yes detangles
yes camp's frizz yes helps protects
against damage yes everything is just
yes and here's the styler the twirl
around crunch free curl definer
very first time I thought oh it looks
like I have shea butter in it it just
looked like it had some sort of whipped
butter to it and I would have the
ingredients and it's like I don't know
there's a lot of ingredients on here but
it's like in the top fourth of a pair of
driving rules so I think explore they
put shea butter in here and I could
definitely feel it it's very
moisturizing very soft and I was
actually scared that my hair would flake
because I kept pumping it in I just felt
so so good didn't feel like anything bad
would happen but I just wasn't sure you
know click I was very heavy-handed with
the products considering I have thin and
fine hair but it turned out great
there's no um no flakes inside no crunch
just really soft hair like just really
soft defined hair a scene outside today
I'm happy with it I'm happy with it and
I got to be honest I get product to try
and I try them and make my review on my
honest review and then I chuckle like I
give them away this I'll actually use
again and again so 505 afro puffs so
that's my review I hope you enjoy any
questions leave them in the comments and
I will see you on the internet somewhere
bye
