good morning today is Friday and I'm
going to Austin I'm going to Austin
today for the weekend I have like three
best friends and all three of them just
had a birthday look in the past couple
days so we're gonna go celebrate two of
us live up here
North Texas and two of them live down in
Austin so
they do something
they're eating fish am
new episodes
can we see what those new episodes are
accordion yes he rubs the camera yes he
does
he knows me yes he does she weigh us
you're right
oh nice to be not grandmom's I'm so
sorry and it means you anyways old foods
right now yes I won't put her hair on
blast eating very expensive foods you
know it made me laugh
so by isn't Texas like the 10th fattest
state in the country well the good food
wasn't so freaking expensive Whole Foods
right whole paycheck Indian food
sour what are you eating bacteria you
was at the bottom he realizes that how
sick he is but he's saying he feels
really bad is that go I don't think
might not even rise yeah he texted me
yesterday saying oh I feel really bad I
feel like passing out no
today I responded always to my brother's
really sick I think I'll say is really
sick
you guys coconut like says that how I
really speak but I feel like when I
speak to myself in my head that's crazy
multi control
we look out into the horizon to Austin
Texas Colleen I think she was doing I'm
just done sir at this magical we're at
this magical graffiti place and yeah
work work work work show that that okay
I'm in a crevice of the graffiti Park
extravagance and there's a baby over
there looking at me yeah let's navigate
our way
she is oh I wanna see kids oh there she
is
my uncle Moya what zoomed all the way in
your course what's the rush yourself the
camera huh
what iPhone photography not good enough
I've been able to do all my other phone
years so you have to say feel so faint
at the African scowl did I you had it so
bad I don't even control my face that
was the natural African scowl it's like
whatever I'm not thanking people like
hoods in the shower and I think Dorian's
downstairs
I'm just here watching workaholics
chicken-and-waffle leaving mom's leaving
toys leaning back to suburbia suburbia
who's always an extra bad to the mix out
eyes yeah gracias Hillary Hillary mode
volume reduced activated only you Gloria
no oh no no no at least to me or
something and then you'd be activated
and it's just a plank of lookin and big
clash feel so good candid camera these
days as Egypt yeah
it's too short though it was actually
one full day
Boyan how does it feel to graduate
