yep that sucks my room I'm back home yay
might be asking Evelyn why are you
eating Fritos in your bathroom that's a
good question i'm only in face my faces
oh yeah baby just wanted to say hi kind
of tired I just wanna pop in pop up and
say what I do you know I'm saying how
you is how children you know schools
about start are they prepared and I'm
saying um yeah just check it in and the
home arms tired I just wanted to say hi
you know it's going with me on back in
Texas I'm back in Texas got a job oh but
um
so remember when I had a website
post-college life com let me know what
you guys like mom on there cuz I got
nothing aside from a couple posts that I
already have percolating in my brain um
I got nothing hmm so I just wanted to X
a X see you all out there in the
internet land what you mom tell me what
you want anyway swift counts the English
tell me what you guys would like to see
here on this channel so the job search
kind of begins / continues / I'm just
gonna go back to eating Fritos
