are we recording yes we are okay this is
a review of every single item in micro
box table of contents will be below so
you can click head back and forth skip
things all right let's go
so this was the main chrome box no Sam
um here's my review and because it was
the birthday curl box
it had um three full-size products which
was you know saying and it's not even my
birthday birthday / what is this all
open oh Jesus
my god it's every damn where
oh no oh why is it pink though all the
tissue paper dead I lost like half a
bottle of product let me turn this
camera first we have the Harry pair
intense moisture crema cuz there's a
accent
you see I'm saying on the e so it's not
cream so crime right
and I supposed to be used as a deep
conditioner it had somewhat of a slip
but it didn't have more slip than my
regular rinse out conditioner wishes
Aussie moist it didn't really you know
comb through very easily I had to add
some awesome voice to it to come may go
anywhere and I'm gonna rest my hair I'm
a I was fine um I mean it didn't really
do anything
wasn't that great so out of five afro
puffs I think I would give it like one
and a half just because I didn't ruin my
hair so it's not a bad product it's just
not good enough for me to go and spend
my money on it the Shia butter the shea
butter um hair and scalp lotion also buy
organic root stimulator y'all know
organic roost emulator don't have
natural ingredients but
it did do the job you know I'm saying if
you don't have just $20 to be spending
on hair products it gets the job done
can't use a lot of it because it doesn't
absorb into the hair for example like I
can put on some oil in handmade hairdo
gonna kinda like my hair soaks it in and
feels nice but this gets oily in your
hair really really fast it kind of just
sits on top
you know Sam this will do just fine as
long as you don't care about psycho
lothal method Kohn Pegg 18 a cyclo
method called I'm in Ithaca Cohen off I
wouldn't I wouldn't ask to go buy this
because I use or in handmade hairdo and
it's much better Nance I mean it's
satisfactory so it gets a 3 out of 5
afro puffs next in the organic rule
simulator path we have the olive oil
hair mask we because you see it's qu e
naught K so it's hair mask we right and
it's an intense treatment for heat and
color damaged hair this is really good
it's a really good deep conditioner it
has slip on top of slip on top of slip
it had better slip than my Aussie moist
again in my head I didn't know that was
possible
this right here like might ankles just
they said won't whip in the mess with
you organic boost emulator smells like
clog knee alright otherwise your nice
Cologne and it has a texture of stink
awesome moist except a little harder to
get out of the package the worst thing
about deep conditioning because it's you
know a little time consuming I don't
want to feel like I did it for nothing
now I mean so when I rest this out I
felt a definite difference like my hair
is soft it is you know I'm saying I'm
washed your eyes and stuff like that
so I give this 5 out of 5 afro puffs I
would go to the UM muna supply store and
buy this deep canoe
it is like $12 which I'm like am I
really fin to pay double-digit prices
for organic root stimulator if you're
wrong people who needs to get stuff on
the ground like this is at my local
beauty supply stores probably a choice
to not me you can go ahead and grab this
right cheer five out of five finally we
got the organic grew stimulator olive
oil oh well what Evelyn even moisturizer
oh no all it says is olive oil I gotta
be honest with you I didn't use this
because it violated one of my rules
right it's a real superficial rule I
don't care if you hit on me because of
it here's the problem it smells like
black girl hair product I can't put my
finger on what chemical creates that
smell
olive oil sheen spray Luster's pink
lotion blue magic when I had relaxed
hair I hated olive oil sheen spray hated
luscious pink lotion those things were
so greasy they smell not that great and
I'm like why can't I just smell like
lavender and berries like the white
girls like why does my hair have to
smell like a hot comb in grease opened
it smelled it and I wasn't bout that
life this is the I mean it's the texture
of you know a hair lotion or pudding you
know what I mean the ranking on that is
not applicable um I'm sorry sorry I'm
not sorry how about that Luster's free
nutrients slick stick maximum moisture
smoothest edges hold style I was
initially excited about this because
it's like chapstick for your edges you
know I'm saying like you and then up
comes the product like a chapstick and
you can put it on your edge
texture it's grease it's it's grease
warm kind of tacky the smell kind of
fruity kind of hair product II um but
it's not a bad smell I like it and I'm
sorry to report that I did not enjoy
this because it didn't smooth the
product didn't transfer very well it
kind of just sat on top of my edges so
look like had a white streak I don't
know he supposed to be very like light
with it you don't just you know go to
work on your edges but I mean little
that I did put over here looking like
the African American version of Rogoff
x-men with like a a white afro streak so
here's the thing the point of having
this in a chapstick as opposed to having
like a pomade you know I'm saying just a
jar of pomade is being portable right
and if something is portable to me that
means it should be able to work on its
own without any other assistance without
a brush without laying your edges with a
satin scarf you just need this that's
what the reason why it's so small in my
head that's how the logic goes but if I
were to slather this on my edges and
just go they wouldn't stay down and if I
tuck this in my person like I folded in
a satin scarf in my purse you know what
I mean so this was really disappointing
I don't know if this idea would work
really if you'd maybe my edges are just
belligerent I don't know um but I do not
like it at all so I will give it a 0 out
of fun afro puffs full-sized 8.25 ounce
jar of elastic yupi olive oil and mango
butter moisturizer and I usually use
this back in the day the beginning of
being natural I don't know why I ever
stopped because this stuff is fabulous
its most like mangoes the texture is um
just like pudding
it looks like vanilla pudding feels like
vanilla pudding you know I'm saying it's
real thick
number one it has slip mmm it's not like
I can call my hair with it when you're
using something on dry hair maybe just
damp hair you don't want to be rough you
just want a little slip smooth down your
hair you know lay down that cuticle saw
your twist will be what shine t you got
a right
it was just a solid product and this
right here I would recommend to other
people who again don't can't you know
buy things at a price point of like Oyen
handmade or all these other butters
moisturizers running around this is so
good it's like you don't even need a
leave-in and if you have to care this
this has no whole it won't hold your
hair but I don't have thick hair I don't
need to be layering on three products
just to get a twist out so if you don't
have any moisturizer you don't have to
scour you know the Internet's just go to
you uh just highlight the Koreans right
quick
this gets five out of five afro puffs
kinks I am free miracle kink cream never
heard of this brand before what is
supposed to be moisturizing leave-in
cream the texture is is um real thick
it's like to the point where I wonder
why they put it in a bottle and not a
jar right handmade one hand made hairdo
pours you know I'm saying this doesn't
pour it smells like um soap which was
kind of disappointing because everybody
was raving about how good it smells and
then the fact they keep pushing the
Polynesian thing I'm like always finish
my like pineapple it's so sterile
supercoiling right but um it smell like
pineapple at all didn't really have slip
on wet hair damp hair or dry hair um I
just it's not my cup of tea
I didn't Wow me is what I'm trying to
say and that's why I don't want to I
hate reviewing products because just
because I didn't Wow me doesn't mean
it's not good
it just means nothing the switch to this
from what I already utilize
I guess I'd give it
two out of two point five out of five
afro puffs because I honestly don't
think I will ever use it again and I've
only used that much next we have a now
half empty bottle full-sized bottle
eight fluid ounces of design essentials
natural daily moisturizing lotion
texture was really interesting and named
kind of threw me off because unlike
everything else that was named a
moisturizer or a lotion it's some
translucent II to the point it looks
like a conditioner or a champ you know
it has that shampoo look to it kind of
like I don't know says the moisturizing
lotion so let me try as leavin horrible
it's like putting gel on naked hair you
wouldn't you wouldn't you wouldn't do
that it was rough it was crunchy it just
wasn't it wasn't it fun time then I
tried it on top of leave-in conditioner
like it's a styler like it's a gentle
you know say like a kinky curly curling
custard or whatever
crunchy again and then I tried it again
another time this time I had to leave in
had this and then I had an oil on top
and then it was fine it did have that
cool texture it had slip like a gel and
you know it kind of freezes your your
own what these creams call curl pattern
in place kind of like a gel and so it
would be good for wash and gos and such
but you know I don't do wash and go so
we'll never know from me at least smells
good to me
I've seen many other reviews and they
hate the smell but to me it smells like
flowers and fruit and perfume three out
of five afro puffs um only works with a
leave-in conditioner and a sealer for my
hair and last but certainly not least we
have four ounces I think it doesn't
actually say of habibi vanilla in rose
body balm y'all don't hear me though
price you see it really saddens me
because I can't afford that
you know Sam um oh sorry I can't afford
it and I can't do that right now right
but this stuff is so good
hmm I hate the smell of roses walk
wafting it right now and I'm signing huh
smells like old lady like short story
when my brother was born I was five
right actually I was technically still
for my mom said I'm at our baby so her
and dad went to the hospital and their
plan was if this something like this
happens Evelyn will stay with the
neighbor she was a nice little grandma
right I call her grandma Dorothy she's
probably not with us now but um how much
her house she always watching Murder She
Wrote you know I'm saying her house
smelled like sugar cookies roses and
mothballs and that's what vanilla rose
body bones
feels like to me that's a memory that it
is invoking invoke invoke whatever
within me I don't like the smell and
that being said that's a testament to
how good this product is because even
though I think it stinks I have used a
good third of it all over my body
slathering texture is unlike anything
I've ever felt look at this you can take
it off you know I'm saying like it's not
melting I can roll it into a ball you
know I mean it's it's like I'm not like
icing
it's like fondant so I say fondant and
then you rub it in and you realize it's
wet it's not like pure oils like the
bells butter bells butters um that I had
purchased from the last CRO box it's not
pure oils like that I realized that it's
actually like a moisturizer - I know I
word is this even real life it's the
rosewater that makes it a moisturizer it
does have a liquid in there and you can
definitely feel it again you see I'm
slathering it all over my hands and I
hate the smell it just feels so
luxurious luxurious hmm just soft supple
yeah I mean hmm I'm gonna comes to body
products it's like it's like pampering
time you know I'm saying you just want
to feel good this gets what's my
favorite number seventy five out of five
afro puffs it's for your body not your
hair yeah
love it love it love it love it love it
love it love it I might have to ask for
some for my birthday coming up in August
I may have to do that it's just that
good right favorite product out of the
entire curlbox hope you enjoy this
review any questions put them below ha
let me
sometime all right oh yeah and shout out
to she Lea down in Alabama for winning
micro box giveaway she is enjoying my
June curlbox currently and will be
enjoying my July and August crow box so
I just wanted to say congratulations and
okay bye
