so where are you where you headed almost
IVF everything in a pee test
good luck well not fluency you're lying
we're not taking in college if I choose
if I choose to do the same language if I
just do someone oh that's true kids see
you just say back bye good luck on your
test
Thanks get out the car have fun
be safe don't drink too much palm back
yeah be responsible for your cover-up
story
Oh
I'm all on the road by myself got a
hundred miles on his highways Tom I'm
bored and I'm tired
I just want to end it
Hey
I just have to get high you don't care
about we get so tired I really wish I
figured out how to use my cruise control
because my feets
is tired okay coffee with tired
would I keep a teaspoon control but I
don't miss car all right
I'm in Austin
where's the tower can you see the tower
can you see it so you can't that's my
school I went to school there y'all
we're going to plant grass watch some
black people graduates but they jealous
of you and I'm jealous guy enemies are
down as the rolling sea singer's own
booth babe now will someone hold my
degrees for black history I dealt with
the ridicule from family and friends
about different degree in history but
boy you need to get a degree in either
study some computer study some bins you
think you gonna be Frederick Douglass or
somebody till that's the Lord I've been
teaching for 14 years and I've never had
a day of work-related stress it is a
privilege for me to come to a university
and interact with sharp students like
yourself and debate and argue it is a
privilege to be able to teach our
history for a living and read about it
and write about it and being a
university I embraces Black Studies I'm
just crazy enough to do what God put in
me to do and see what I realize you
allow God to become invested in your
success in many ways you can't fail and
I love when your passion when your
passion lines up with God's purpose in
your life that's a powerful intersection
because now you've opted to blow up the
spot people don't know how you do it you
don't know how you do it
like okay
Hey
so imagine what December was
you have 15 minutes to find a graduation
dress oh that's cute though it looks a
lot like the one I have about 5 and then
this one are you coordinating yes I
think I'm just gonna like take the gel
or skirt a dress I mean I don't skirt
damn camera
okay camera
Boyan how does it feel to graduate it's
mine goodnight Kim yeah we hope we do
two stories right I mean I skidded he'll
make it
I feel strangely indifferent during the
ceremony it was like height but now it's
like no nothing has changed right so
still gotta find a job real life is
still in the way there's plenty of
people you're gonna miss the life works
that way
min and a half left game poor passed
down sunny feel I'm about to throw ball
