hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn here to
announce the winners to my two dollar
ninety-eight sent kinky curly not today
give away all right ok so wait first of
all sorry sorry i'm sorry i'm not doing
some purpose first of all thanks to
everybody who um entered the contest
alright so shamed sorry sorry sorry i
didn't i'm not shout out to the person i
forgot the person who left a comment in
a Kenyan accent that made my day you
know who you are um I was hilarious
hilarious ok it was ok here are the four
winners each of you will receive one
bottle of kinky curly not today all
right number one the danielle nicole ex3
afro sick or afros ok oh no candy is mom
candy is mom and Gigi I'm bean bean I'm
not laughing at you I'm just clown ok so
yeah ok those are the four one is you
want you getting out today you get it
out today you gonna take okay so um
inbox me with your name your address and
things like that and I will get that to
you as soon as you get yo address to me
so if you do a by tonight then I'll put
it in the mail tomorrow hi so thanks to
everybody who entered congrats to the
four winners and i will see you on the
next video and i might do an
international one but if i do it would
be like one winner because like you know
shipping to like Pakistan is realized so
um yeah yeah ok so maybe I'd have to go
to tarjay and see what the deal is it
might be a little other song some light
not heavy cuz of shipping but my below
some some so anyways bye thanks for
entering congrats to the
owners and soon the next video
