and so I bought some jeans then I went
to Walley world and got the necessary
things for my trip to Austin zoom out
she's gonna have a care wonder if he
comes out here what you said buy snacks
you said buy snacks right if that not
what you said either they didn't have
jeans at JC's they didn't have jeans at
JC's so what's the forever 21 and they
actually had jeans that fit here my
change oh my yeah but what had happened
was okay here's the thing because of I
didn't pay separately I don't have time
for them I don't have time to pay
separately what do you mean you don't
want the money I walked all the way to
get the money nog if I didn't cost 15
correct I paid for it
aha that's she saying so she says I'm
saying I'm to reimburse ourselves right
okay but out of the $20 I had given you
huh huh how much were they
just rummage rummage rummage I need some
juice otherwise known as drink cuz we
don't do gyms
so I'm leave for Austin tomorrow for
South by Southwest I'll be in Austin
from the 8th until the 19th I'll be
there for a minute
and I'm sorry as you can see I'm doing
laundry and packing pretending to
organize crap the goal is to fit
everything I need into this one itty
bitty suitcase which won't be too hard
because you don't think I like two pairs
of jeans but now because I went shopping
I have four pairs of jeans so I'm moving
on up in this world all right and then I
got these shoes cuz you know I'm not
gonna buy some kids mm-hmm there we go
she's nice nail polishes as I have one I
guess but it's really old and it's like
clumpy so I've got a new one it's like
80 degrees in this house my nails are
atrocious I need to do everything so I'm
just gonna be packing making my to-do
list I still have a lot of emails to
send um for the showcase so quick recap
if you don't follow me on Twitter where
if you're not my friend on Facebook um
or you don't follow me my friend on
tumblr I'm going to South by Southwest
I'll put the link in the bottom if you
want to know what that is I don't feel
like explaining um so what I'll be doing
is I got a film Press Pass
so I'll be covering the film festival
I'll most likely be recording I'll be
filming interviews and filming whatever
else the lady I'm working with wants to
do so we're just paired off and so I'll
be covering films sorry and then I'll be
doing some stuff here and there hand
there I might get to shoot a party you
know kind of make a video recap promo
thing for a party I'm not sure I'll get
to do that yeah cuz my schedules gonna
be kind of hectic and then ice I helped
coordinate the showcase so tired
I hope Courtney to showcase and it's the
African musical showcase hosted by spin
lit calm I'll put the link I'll link it
here in the atmosphere because I made a
promo video for that the odds quad yeah
well has you to name is Tamiya which is
is a dog but has been 2000 I always give
Gary too as you can see I divide
everything pants shirts dresses court
against and jacket perhaps skirts over
there my underwears over there
and then these are my toiletries and
whatnot now can't oh and then choose no
can all of those oh and I need to bring
my headscarf now can all those various
things like such as fit in there
who knows who knows so as you can see
this is the camera bag insert it was
like $20 and you put your camera face
down like obviously this is the lens
right here you put it face down in there
and you can have another lens you can
have your memory cards and your card
readers and your chargers and everything
and you just stuff it into a bag that
fits this and I decided to put it in
here and it fits perfectly I've got my
tripod and the bag it comes in and
various things like oh so I'm excited
this is my first road trip and pray for
me you know cuz on the road is crazy and
this is Texas we got people like with
guns in the car and stuff oh I will see
you like late March all right exactly if
you look good don't be a shame
