oh my god looking lovely today hey
YouTube world it's me Evelyn welcome to
episode 2 of this YouTube playlist show
faint don't I don't know I don't know
what it is promise I'll think of a name
soon but not now thanks for all your
support in the kind words in episode
number one the Black History Month
episode I do plan on doing a second
Black History Month episode i'm
currently working out those details
because i want to do a collaboration
with another person and i originally had
the idea for this show I wanted it to be
a way that I could answer one of the
most frequently asked questions that I
get on my youtube channel what kind of
music do you listen to you'll just be
featuring artists kind of lose it where
do you find it who do you like who are
your favorite musicians and honestly
it's just a cornucopia into plethora if
you will and while i am no connoisseur
of music i thought it would be cool to
kind of flex my creative muscle and see
if i could come up with a weekly or
bi-weekly or even monthly show for y'all
I don't know guide you through the
YouTube Internet's and help you navigate
your way to the songs and videos and I
personally love so because I love
YouTube so much I wanted my first music
episode of this show to be about
something that is nothing short of a
modern phenomenon the YouTube cover
music covers in general our age-old
wedding singers shower karaoke airbrush
karaoke regular karaoke so when YouTube
was created in 2005 it didn't really
take us long to figure out that hey I
could sing on camera and the world could
see me youtube cover has had the ability
to expose regular people too
a severe iteration of internet trolls
and skyrocket regular people into
international stardom con Justin Bieber
oh then this episode I'll take you
through a couple of what in my opinion
are awesome YouTube covers a tribute to
Whitney Houston after her death by
someone who is the bronze goddess we
were moving mountains long before we
knew we could the sister duo van jets
and how there are lovely harmonizing
voices combined to cover our favorite
popular songs the guy that sings with so
much passion Myrtle so much emotion
Roberto it's so much creativity that he
has his internet fans and I'm one of
them feigning for more because he
doesn't really post that often and a
couple of other covers in the playlist
if at all possible stick around to the
end of the show for the bonus video
father-daughter duo where the daughter
steals the show seeing adele's rolling
in the deep with so much 56 year old
fashioned it's the precious so if you
want to see my picks for this episode
click that button
the link will be in the description box
for those of you who are using your
phones or iPads tablets or other Voodoo
technological means with which to watch
this video so until next time bye
