hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn and I
thought I would make kind of an update
video on the YouTube internet because I
first eats first
it is November 2nd I graduate from the
University of Texas at Austin in
approximately one month maybe I didn't
hear me though in 31 days tell me why go
tell me why this is the box that my
diploma frame is it why is it this big
can you maybe need some okay what is
that okay I feel like the certificate
itself is eight point five miles of an
inch is just like every other piece of
paper in the world then you might be
like but Evelyn
hey um but you might be asking yourself
everyone would want to get that right
because it came with the package that
came cabinet okay
update number two I bought earrings it's
not really an update but they're sitting
on the table and I think they're really
groovy the thing is I don't really wear
fancy earrings I just think they're
really pretty in the v room and two ways
so use the latest addition look how
bodies all work I feel like Toni daily
hey um let me put them on
don't keep these out for the duration of
the videos right is that okay with you
it's alright but the most important
thing that I have to tell you guys I
laid it on my spirit that God laid it on
my spirit to try and bring opera black
girls to my campus and with the help of
a couple organizations that have agreed
to assist me it's happening opera black
girls college tour versus the students
Events Center African American culture
community presents oh my gosh panel
discussion with ISA ranch raids Oliver
otherwise known as Jay and Nina um
co-sponsored whoops co-sponsor with my
buddies at the blacks in reliance and my
buddies in the graduate school the LBJ
School Public Affairs
November 9 yes there is coming hopefully
I'll get to talk to her
that's the one that's the one achieve my
everything else I'm behind in my work I
should be doing my business plan for my
magazine class I should be reading about
race and journalism for my reporting
class I should be doing other stuff but
I have severe senioritis I should be
applying for that for jobs I should be
contacting those companies that I liked
at the career fair but I'm not doing
that what am i doing I'm making a video
it's not your fault
tube it's not your fault I love you guys
but change change oh yeah and thank you
guys so much for watching my pointy-head
main video it was MMG and I'm really
excited because row top run that one
time where I haven't done actually
giveaway and one person was left out
about the small margin almost like I
give you what you want in two ways and
they requested some various other things
and I got that because I'm get on the
ground but I can't get going on the
ground and didn't want water rich
because I did order it is paid for
shipping but I was seemingly entering
this contest so you can get the gift
card get them what they had wanted it
for you so not even get what they wanted
from Uyen it'll all be good everybody's
happy
for the nice throw
