look at the blocks you see them rocks
you see those starter Lots
you see no freeformers yeah anything you
wanna take ya statue of him wanna kiss
you from behind I even though it's
Saturday but irregardless this is a vlog
boys boys boys boys boys boys actually
they don't have no experience of suckage
except I was 9 years old and I went to
day camp and now one boy forgot his name
by now human around telling everybody he
was my boyfriend and I didn't really
appreciate that because he was not my
boyfriend he really was and I don't know
where he got that idea then we was
booted up and nine years old but it
wasn't true you know what I'm saying
and then if something I do in first
grade who was my boyfriend but then
because I beat him in a race
he got mad it didn't want my boyfriend
Omo it's not my thought on Kenyan okay
it's not my dog
I can run for days on it Plus shakes up
they seemed really
really except that one side that one
dude at high school has trying to make
me do some stuff and I was like no I'm
not doing stuff because I have a future
you know what I'm saying not gonna be
your baby mother you know what I'm
saying at 14 years old
that's not how I'll go and then he was
mean to me it's just yeah they're just
so awesome it's like it's like except
that one time my middle at our party he
were real cool but then he stopped me a
cool cause like he was a pothead and
that's not really sexy to a certain
extent and then yeah he was like boys
are just so I mean there really was your
guys like I like that you know don't I
mean boys awesome except on one time
when I was you know working the staff at
a Houston football game and had to take
off my shirt to put on the staff t-shirt
and I had a 10-car ball underneath and
he's one walk behind me you know like AI
love something or something and I'm like
really in the stadium there are children
here told me to work something towards
something no sir I won't ever oh why
really really like you described to you
say that one time when a boy's world
triplane I feel like I love you but then
he like not just play I really love you
the word love was never used that's
that's too much so I exaggerated that
story but scenario was the same
all right so this replace love we're
really really really like what they'll
get their feelings hurt that often you
know boys have to be strong you know
what I'm saying so boys you never have
to worry about sensitive boys that on
one side if I was on this one boy if I
hurt his feelings
but his ego or something because I joke
a lot and I'm really sarcastic and I
guess I hurt his feelings so if you
didn't talk to me again for like three
months when I was like dude really no I
really though the boys needs to pull
back book
once they're just so yeah so awesome
so here just so like
