hey youtube it's me Evelyn and I just
it's Saturday morning huh afternoon wow
it's 3pm I just woke up just kidding not
really I just want to come show you my
wash and go I had none like I don't
wanna keep track of washing goes you
know I'm saying like what they look like
when I was one year natural now now just
got natural all I know is that it's its
movement you know what I'm saying so I
just started come on here and shake my
hair out on camera I've been trying out
some new products and to co wash my hair
up just now I used be l5t therapy
clarifying conditioner vanilla mint tea
now usually I just use the conditioner I
have on hand which right now is awesome
moist sometimes herbal essences the
thing about these conditioners is that
they're so good and so thick and so rich
and very conditioning that not only do I
not feel my hair it's clean it's like
it's too soft it's over conditioned if
that makes any sense so I thought I'd
try and vo 5s clarifying conditioners um
the last time I've tried aveo5 product
was when I was transitioning and I tried
the clarified conditioner in the lime
and I haven't tried in like a year of
app so I'm decided to give it another go
so far they like it just because it's
not it's so light and that's what I
thought the problem was with these
conditioners but right now i'm using it
to my advantage because it's so light
that it I feel like it's cleaning my
hair it's not over conditioning my hair
you know I'm saying when I rinse it out
my hair is still soft but I could use a
conditioner afterwards you know what I
mean whereas if I co washed with um
awesome moist the idea of putting a
conditioner on afterwards is weird right
so my hair feels clean but it feels soft
so it gets the job done it kind of just
kind of smells like boy um but whatever
my hair was divided into the five
sections of my old dusty braid out and
so then I co washing those five sections
right so then afterwards I applied my
trusted kinky curly not today on those
five sections my hair was kind of
dripping wet it wasn't really dripping
wet just because it will never dry okay
and all these products that say make
your hip make sure your hair is soaking
wet no no ma'am okay just know so I
click this all over the five sections
and then after I put that on all the
sections I applied my trusted kinky
curly curling custard really like this
stuff I always have always will it's
expensive yes and I kind of want to try
and kiss my face upper management gel
but right now I have this I put it on
all my sections and then it was time to
shake it out oh and it's really light
and fluffy I feel like Corbin Bleu up
high school musical but of course
because I cut my hair because of damage
way back way the middle is shorter than
the back in the back already hangs
because really loose so uh kind of looks
like a mullet in the back
but i like it i have this type of hair
that would free form laughs like I
always say this would be a lot this
would be allowed it already pieces
itself together even if I didn't have
the gel in and already pieces itself
together curl pattern there you go so
anyways this is my hair I'm gonna play
some music so I can jump around cuz I'm
excited it's day's a new day and im
gonna go do homework and be responsible
so i can go out tonight in be your
response let's go it's kind of gangster
but it i'm living is breaks nature is
back come in the city where any negative
that so I gotta watch my inner mrs.
friends with a closed eyes while I'm
just trying out a my place in this game
my nameless only streets my name is my
name so that's life on old beats
but I learned a new trick just
you ain't got a buzz yeah that's just a
shame that fence yes we are bubble like
champagne g5 in the sky I'm on that
plane the flight was kind of loan but I
can't complain rolling that cushion
zigzag Kate Bush reading a new edition
of eight words how cool we computed
fools who commit Kate Bush movie rental
business meeting space rather
businessmen and gangsters movie writers
business winning gangsters movie writers
businessmen in game
we'll be right as businessmen and
gangsters in do writers business many
gangsters move around as big as many
caseless movie where this business many
gangsters movie right as businessmen and
gangsters
