face of world is me LM coming to you
with a hashtag BBB black girl beauty
brand review but most importantly coming
me with a haircut a man I'm show you bad
alright yeah I'm giving it to you I'm
going to see you I told him good musi in
the back of themselves make a little
more feminine you know name me so I had
first heard of coloring pens from one of
those here's 500 black owned businesses
to buy from this holiday season type
list I love those lists I open up a
million tabs and I see if anything
refutes my friends that I was on the
market for some paintings day I'm trying
to serve the people a little song 2017
you know the first stop haircut second
stop a little fashions you know sample
accessorizing whenever you buy pins or
patches or any of these things that you
accessorize you kind of want them to be
little statement little things that are
conversation starters little things that
reflect your values your aesthetic your
hobbies and so I was looking for
something that was like black so I went
on coloring pens calm literally loved
everything on the site shows my car you
know how we all do the most Musil art
cart with everything our heart desires
and then subtract I never got to that
part I just left
I just never bought anything and so then
I went to Thailand that vlog is coming
completely forgot Black Friday existed
went by the time I went back to the
website not only were all the sales over
everything was sold out but then fast
forwarded an email from essence hate who
was essence hazy might ask the owner and
creator of coloring pins you bless you
bless you
although i io I out alive so you sent me
a box of goodies from coloring pens calm
and I will review and unbox so let's
start off with the one I have on right
now it is a super cute black chick with
bantu knots and it says culture at the
bottom and this one I'm wearing it kind
of lower on my jacket this was probably
my favorite
it is a bucket of gel that kind of looks
like empro and then a bottle of greasy
juice that kind of looks like leftist
pink lotion
alright the memory to the coming best
few and
there's a toothbrush for the baby hairs
and then little um what you call it I
call him Bobby balls what are these
called little things that that model at
the bottom of your hair and hit you in
the eye and it says go greatest of all
time at the bottom it's just so cute and
so like if you don't know then you don't
know but if you know you know you get up
I take that back I take that back while
this one is bomb my favorite pin from
coloring pens is the one that says
mellow Tom and it looks like the Pantone
color cards I don't know if this is a
call but this one is skin song its
complexion and the shades on this pin
range from a honey beige you like a feel
like a deep mahogany is just giving you
this is a color match I feel like this
one might be a color match do you have
this one right here that I'm wearing on
my front pocket flap and it is a dinky
small goals very reflective pin with
white script that says my Brown is
beautiful and then kind of similar to
the band to not grow that I have here
they have one that has cornrows
okay original ain't no boxer braids big
and no boxer raised we like the
inventors the purveyors I don't know if
the cornrow original email boxer braids
big design is also available on a phone
case now it's the newest product up on
coloring pens calm it is made for the
iPhone 6 and 6s I am your grandfather
and I have an iPhone 5 and lucky for you
this is going to be in the giveaway
it is one of those soft wish you still
have calling cases and it is flying then
these two are kind of similar it is you
can say a brown-skinned lid it with a
huge fro and her shirt says don't touch
my crown and then this one's a small
baby it's one of the ding to your pins
rectangle that says don't touch my crown
hahaha but this is mine yeah but say to
me a wife say to me in addition to
making pins you can find the designs in
keychain for arm it's really about
finding the little spaces in places your
anything to express yourself you can
also find the my brown is beautiful
design and these really cute
bright colors that remind me of my gel
pen de head my brown is beautiful carry
it with you wherever you go
this would also make a really good gift
for a child you know if your kid has to
have like a house key on the lanyard
Yemen saying Oh
mantra Jana Sangh in there with them
speaking of kids there are also these
three other keychains that say I can do
anything with different kids on them I'm
definitely going to give this to my
little cousin and my other little cousin
her baby brother
almani light-skinned children but imma
get you some tell me one I see they can
just put it on their zipper I used to
put key chains on my zippers on my
backpack started ooh the Ripper work my
bags open really quickly I can't do
anything without a brief license to the
kid and I'm saying because they all be
like they all we got PO in addition to
the pins and keychains coloring pens
also sells patches so these are patches
for the my brown is beautiful design
beautiful colors and they're pretty long
I would probably put this on by the arm
or maybe like the back from shoulder
blade to shoulder blade type things and
then these package the black girl
packages are so intricate I think this
one will be really cool on like so I
don't know maybe the lower the lower arm
then you have the don't touch my crown
girl and then the biggest patch in the
bunch is this cornrow original ain't no
boxer braids a girl this one could
probably go on the back of your jean
jacket maybe let the bottom if you're
into that sort of thing and the patches
come with instructions you can iron them
on or you can throw them on from your
security stability and then this is one
of the things that was hanging out in my
cart bigger just beautiful high-quality
stickers
there's also really cute large don't
touch my crumbs tikka and I think if
you're making like a care package or
you're into scrapbooking or journaling
you know decorating journal in a fashion
like such as shut up and pays owner and
creator of coloring pens and because you
blessed me essence common sense calm I'm
going to bless you my internet cousins
giveaway time all I have to do is leave
a comment under this video telling me
how you rep your culture whatever that
may be
and that will enter you and I will
select somebody to win and notify you in
a week or less is a week or less has
passed and you haven't been notified
that means you have not won but it's
okay you can go to coloring pens calm
and select something for yourself put it
in your cart and hopefully come back and
buy actually buy it like I feel to do
also let me know if you like my OTD oMG
I'm saying my b-roll you feel me I tried
to film this speaking portion outside it
didn't really work that well
hey use the words Netherland they got so
much for watching and I will see you an
atavism bye
