hey to broaden Sandlin ah I wonder what
Amar's uh we're here we're doing this
you know those times when like every
force is working against you but that
would be one with the standard versus
camera my right he tried everything you
try I was sick what's new I've been had
needed to film a video but I sounded
like trash sounded like a wet hamster so
now I'm filled me something last minute
then I had some in the film I didn't
like any of it like it was all trash I'm
just like this close to going to go go
and go get what a burger so instead I'm
going to talk about my responsibility as
a youtuber as an Internet cousin and
someone you just know from within the
confines of this screen of this box of
this device to the ones and zeros you're
and say who the algorism a man that
brought me to you what is my
responsibility to you in these trying
times trying they trying me right I feel
tried recently one of my internet
cousins asked me to make a video about
what's been going on lately here in the
United States considering all the
executive orders made by number 45 hey I
really need I would really like to hear
your opinions about this particular day
me somebody to cry when musing by the
filming and I was like but what if I
want to be happy today what if I need to
be happy now my assignment is to you
know saying feel all these things to
make sense of things
arms up on all of y'all's behalf and I
was just like that sounds pretty self
sacrificial and I don't really want to
kind of the first internet cousin love
yous well that has asked me to react to
something or to post about something I
always kept on diamo it's fun during my
role on the internet you know what am I
supposed to talk about what am I
supposed to be here for and I had a
whole like Twitter thread about this
Melvin will find it
I am here
to give you a capri-sun when you're
thirsty to make you laugh what you
thinking what a crack i cannot engage in
the same way that everybody else can
engage or that your favorite educational
youtuber can engage it is their job to
educate you or to inform you to make you
aware of things and it is my job to make
sure that that person doesn't like throw
themselves off a building you don't say
it's my job to give you the Capri Sun so
it's my job to reel you back in you know
and we need each other I can't exist
without them fighting on my behalf
you know what I mean and they can exist
without people like us telling them hey
have you drank water lately have you
like closed your laptop have you taken a
shower does anybody know where you are
at the moment hey I saw you went to the
protest you want to talk about it in a
non scripted video sort of way that's
what I'm here to do and I feel like
that's what I've been doing and I feel
like you like it when I do that and of
course I come in with my little for my
little song I say mellow song hum it can
be very easy to get consumed with the
tweets and then the live streams and
everything I'm not saying ignore any of
that I'm saying consume wisely consume
efficiently and consume responsibly I
deleted social media off my fault it's
very easy to read reactions before you
ever get to the news I know what
everybody thinks about everything
without even clicking to read the story
and I've already internalized it taking
it in if I'm supposed to come on here
and make people laugh peaty just stick
your lay in a joyful and playful way I
have to take care of myself and the way
I take care of myself is I have to
distance myself from the emotional all
being deserved reactions to things but I
know what's happened
and so I usually go on NPR their podcast
they have an hourly news podcast every
hour they post five minutes of news
updates that's it I also get my daily
dose of fake news from the New York
Times morning briefing literally bullet
points of what happened in the world and
it's a great way for me to stay informed
and allows me and empowers me to hit my
googles alright shout out to our failing
education system because I do not know
how some of the most basic of things
work about it and then again when I'm
ready open it up to the opinions of
people and journalists and commentary
and analysis and all these other
important themes I don't know if this
video is coherent but it exists and now
it is in your eyeballs and there's
nothing you can do without it I want to
hear from y'all how are y'all doing
it's really good like is we good and if
you're not good it's okay
tell me about it this video however
chatting it was is sponsored by audible
I'm working with them throughout the
year
shoutout to 2017 goals to bring you more
video content better video content
audible has a mattress watching the Fox
fiction nonfiction so right now
inaudible I am listening to between the
world and me by sauna hockey coats I
know I'm lay flat roll card results
there's a quote that really sticks out I
shared a quote this is your country this
is your world
this is your body and you must find some
way to live within the holiday right
audible.com slash Evelyn to download my
recommendation between the world and me
or you can get your own books for free
yes and a book is always yours to keep
even if you've stopped using the service
because they might rifling and they care
about your mind while right is being
doing soon I'm gonna go like suck on a
lozenge uh-huh and you know I hope hang
out with you in the comments and I'll
see you on the internet though
