hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn I got a
test in like 30 minutes
Portuguese gotta go ace that mug so I
need to put my hair in a puff out of
this vent head that's also delicious so
he didn't need three things you're gonna
need your headbands extra stretchy pow
pow pow you're gonna need a spray
whether it's regular water where there
was a mixture of leaving conditioner
aloe vera juice it doesn't matter you
need some the moisturize your hair with
and make it more pliable
got it then use something to seal your
hair with make it softer no
delicious fluffy if you will I'm beating
his coconut oil use a net oil if you use
anything you want you can perch upon a
time using peace love and sunshine
coconut confidence this is the 8 ounce
love it all right just spray your edges
because you don't want the headbands
rubbing against like dry wasteland that
is your afro all right then you spray it
all over your hair
bam bam bam all right that's really all
you do then you take your sealant
however much you think you need put on
your edges in the back put it in your
hair all right
looking back started me to say all right
then you take your headbands bam bam bam
make sure the juncture a little edge
blue thing is in the back of your head
in the back one two all right you do
that
push it back until you get the desired
height BAM
a PO pop BAM let's go to school have a
great day
this is for effort making this
