hey world it's me Evelyn I grew up
watching lots of television at home in
the middle of the day with my mom
Golden Girls marathon I'm obviously
Dorothy Three's Company which in
hindsight you entertain in retrospect
the content was not a very
child-friendly
hilarious shelter recipe Strunk Sanford
& Son
good times Maury and Montel Williams
real juicy stuff but there is one genre
in particular that I didn't say is my
mom's favorite crime mystery
oh yes y'all remember him doing real
scary to the brow bone like cast a
shadow over his face cuz look like a
skeleton always wearing a trench coat
and he would narrate the episode and
like an Allen or somewhere very suspect
just not trustworthy at all in the way
they lick him they lick him in such a
way that he kind of look like an
apparition like his heater room and that
theme song oh my god that show was so
terrifying and I loved it fast forward
like two decades to the present day and
whenever I go and visit my parents my
mom without a doubt is watching one
channel and one channel only TV channel
like what does she watch oh I woke up
with the demon in my house I don't know
how I shot my husband on their favorite
type of like television channel or like
shows
investigators might be so I would yeah
yes investigations government she loves
it
the only difference is now when I sit
down the wife with her is kind of a
unsettling ah this one's called
deadly women she killed 50 people haha
oh all right whoa I have to go I mean I
mean I need to go I really love you my
way okay this one is called um evil king
Evelyn she killed our children can you
give me a knife what don't kill me Oh
what for my asshole
why are you questioning oh well this one
is on this one is a married with secret
Oh with that
dad dad dad that was a heavy
dramatization I took many creative
liberties with those scenarios my mother
would never hurt a fly
electively but now that I think about it
I probably have her to thank for my love
of all things nonfiction life is wild we
need to make it up to be entertaining
and sprawling creepy many thanks to
investigate and discovery themselves for
sponsoring this video in letting me walk
down memory lane this partnership is
hilarious I'm actually going to see my
mom is weekend which is when their
newest miniseries premiere is ok
innocent the missing evidence is a three
night investigation special presenting
new evidence new series I was always
like five or six and I remember the
child and saying this country can not
leave that case along it starts January
15th through the 17th 9 8 p.m. Central
and investigation discovery in the video
description box I'll share a link to a
channel finder for those of y'all who
live lavishly with cable but for now I
am okay and happy was waiting to go
watch it with my mom in the comments
below let me know if you're like her and
enjoy these types of shows what do you
like to watch
tune into investigation discovery the
spirits will move you and I will see you
or Mina
by
