you know the terms under which I wanted
to come back to you all in YouTube land
um I was hoping that you know be a
joyous occasion you know Evelyn has time
and the heart to make videos you know
understand but alas unfortunately big
sigh I'm here because of this crap um
mini twists take to heal your yet again
needless to say but it's I figured out
you know the problem maybe um it's it's
my face you know it's my village it's my
grill you know I'm saying I have a big
face yeah I'm saying if I do have big
small pieces yeah so we love big faces
you know I'm saying um i'ma table has a
small face someone with a small face
Elijah Wood hope we got a small face you
know I'm Sam Jay Leno home I got a big
face you know what I'm saying you feel
me but I'm trying to communicate you so
what I'm basically saying is that Elijah
Wood you know I'm saying Frodo and Jay
Leno I am right here you know I'm saying
um in terms of bigness of face so that's
why these twists aren't quite fitting me
like oh y'all in YouTube land and also I
figured out is that the back of my hair
is just ridiculous you know what I'm
saying um if you take a look at my heels
I cover my ears right and you don't do
the back of my head it looks fine you
know you might be saying Ellen you're
overreacting but you don't see this you
see this on you it's completely flat the
back of my head is in fact a plateau if
you will it is a plane Savannah you know
I'm saying it's it's flat you know
ack i can't do anything about it you
know I'm saying you might say wrap your
hair that makes the twists you know
crinkly and not flat that doesn't
account for the fact that my head itself
is flat so yeah I don't know if I'm I'm
gonna lay me on my back to month is an
infant I'm not to text to my nap and
interrogate just kidding le mom um but
that's why the twists are ugly now trust
I will wear these out knocked down but
I'll wear these out in public now I can
put them up I like a little bangbang but
the fact that you know the back of my
air is finer you know I don't know if
the texture of my hair if wavy hair can
feel after we that's what my hair looks
like you know I'm saying it's wavy and
curly but it's textures afro after waves
if you guys can tell me what that's
about rude genetics rude you know come
to my hat back on and look like a 12
year old male hoodlum those little
vagabonds but yeah I'm just in school I
should be doing homework right now my
bedtime was eleven o'clock and the bus
keeps passing my window but um yeah i'll
be back sooner or later with more
organized videos with um you know
something important and something
organized did I say that already on
fluster but um I really need to focus on
school because I can't suck already you
know when it once it's like march you're
allowed to kind of you know be lame and
suck at school but UK sup when it only
been you know one and a half weeks so I
planning to do my stuff just get done at
home work in my bed time is quickly
approaching because I have an 8am class
and I did at least seven hours of sleep
either was preferred nine hours if I
don't want to be a beast in the morning
I'm not a morning
so yeah it's really all I got to say I
was sick very sick but I got better
before school started and yeah so by the
way I used shinin define um review on
that coming soon and by soon i don't
know what that means you know cuz i
gotta stay in the present i can't think
about the past you can only vaguely plan
for the future so bam bam bam you got me
by
