only only president I've ever gotten to
UM see why am i breathing hard excuse
the bedhead I don't care um the only
present I ever got to have the chance to
see was Bill Clinton because he came to
campus either two years ago or a year
ago I don't remember he actually came on
campus with some chick um an actress the
only this this girl I mean the only
description i have as a white girl but I
don't actually know who she is but um
yeah so they came for some global peace
initiative like college kids can save
the world whatever um I heard about it
late and I didn't feel like putting
forth the extra effort to find a way to
get inside so I think that leads to say
I didn't get in but what everybody did
was they hung around outside towards the
end because he didn't want to get tased
you know for hanging out outside for no
reason because national security issues
or whatever so we hung outside um and
the SUV started pulling out so we
thought we would see Bill Clinton get
into the car and pull out his luck I
love you booklet even though I was like
to when you're president you know so um
yeah we stand out there and we see
somebody get into a car like it's weird
we see somebody gets caramel that oh no
that's not the side oh no it's not him
in the cars pull off like did Bill
Clinton ever leave the building so did
we know this fool right here this will
write here gonna already be in the car
somehow voodoo I don't know what it is
Hillary voodoo mmm but he was already in
the carpet so we never got to see his
face it goes kind of rude bill Billy you
know I think that was
and you know what we're gonna do throw
our textbooks at you like get real
remember your environment right now um
so I don't think George W Bush ever came
um granted I was I've only been in
college for two years and he's been a
present for eight so the time kind of
doesn't sync up um but when Obama was
president-elect when he was still
senator he was Senator the senator
campaigning he came um the year the
summer before I got there with guys the
summer before I got there I don't seen
all these pictures of upperclassmen
friends like oh but by by Obama and so I
don't know i'm excited i'm going to camp
out tonight are there undoubtedly be a
video about that um as you guys may or
may not know Obama's daddy is canyon my
parents are canyon so it's only natural
that we are actually cousins um he
doesn't know yet and even though we're
not from the same ethnic group it
doesn't matter um because the bond
between countrymen is strong and I will
meet cousin Barry what's bad oh I can't
bout Texas heat it's hot even at night
what's the temperature at night 85like
come on but um I'll be praying water
I'll probably eat before I get there um
I don't really pay that much anyways
well that would be concerned about that
I'm nervous don't mind for anything you
guys not a game system not um a pair of
shoes um so I'm used to sleeping in the
night because that's what normal people
do so this will be experience for me and
I'm taking you guys with me I'm so
excited as I tie a I'm gonna see cousin
pair eight I hope she'll is there
