Happy New Year dear eme do ya me you is
why do you watch this this might be
somewhat of a long one you know I'm
saying I know you have New Year's
resolutions to drink like a gallon of
water is something stupid go ahead grab
your beverage all right and you didn't
say get comfortable hey YouTube world
it's me Evelyn
I rang in the New Year and a barn on the
Texas Hill Country just me baby blow in
nature silence we put just by being
u-turn and saying getting our thoughts
together for the end of the year the
beginning of a new one you didn't say it
was wavy do the kids still say wave 2017
we're here we've made it I never thought
I'd be alive this long I know that's
weird to say but like I never in any
serious sense thought tasks like what
ended up being 22 in 2016 my only verbal
goal that I made to y'all here on the
Internet's was that I would be more
visionary and honestly that is a goal
that I will have to carry with me for
the rest of my milla native days that is
not something I can ever be done doing
in 2017 I want to maintain my vision but
in this video I'm gonna share with you
just some of the ways in which and
saying some of the spaces and places my
vision will take me this is me claiming
it I'm gonna go to Kenya I know I've
said it so many times it feels like so
if you want my internet cousin and you
live in Kenya please hit up the video
description box and fill out the email
list because I want to get in touch with
you when I step foot notice I said wait
this is my men at that station practice
I'll write this the first domino in the
domino effect anyway I definitely want
to travel more in the US
do I ever want to leave Austin Texas or
Texas in general one day probably bottle
really too much know what else is out
there here I'm saying the amber waves of
grain I'm going to DC this month I doubt
I live in DC 55 degrees is nippy my
vision for 2017 also extends to YouTube
I want to make better videos this year
more creative more collabs I was
watching Aquila's a Q&A video and she
said it was hard to collab in New York
City and I'm just sitting here in the
Buckshot middle of nowhere like
I want to get outside my bedroom or my
living room in this case which means
imma need help and I'm not good at
asking people for help so I want to make
content that pops and I'm saying that I
can be proud of visually as well as the
content of the video make no mistake
alright let me be clear
that does not mean it is on a regular
basis I make videos every Monday when
today and a live stream on you now
that's not in 2017 I want to do things
outside of it too a lot of people talk
about stand-up comedy and that's not
really a thing in my brain I have always
wanted to do like live storytelling
though like snap judgment live like
Martha Radio Hour or whatever and I
realized that it I'm funny telling the
story then that is in fact stand-up I
think but in my mind is different no
podcasts TV documentaries so for the
2017 i'ma be about my business you know
what I'm saying I have a website all
right haven't posted in two years that's
because I realized I don't want to be a
blogger so I'm going to revamp the
website do my little uh photo shoot all
right
hello do a little you know ten all over
this and actually have a place where you
can find all the different things I'm
doing here i'm saying i always say see
you on the internet somewhere and I
really do be someone in 2017 and this is
maybe the biggest one I want to
volunteer my election video I don't want
anybody I feel like some people thought
I was saying that I don't care I care as
an Internet person I know that I can
reach more minds through you're saying
the interwebs
but in my community what have I done
that's what I'm saying getting where I
fit in you know I'm saying and really be
a service you know I'm not nobody
spokesperson I'm just making sandwiches
in 2017 that's how you know um hi in
2017 I also challenge you to pour into
people who need your love instead of
wasting energy on hate if you only have
24 hours in the day
is this how you really want to use
somebody it's just a question I'm just
asking
I'm not saying ignoring the hate makes
it die it's kind of like you know being
a youtuber you will have a thousand
positive comments and then one comment
that's like oh there's something in your
nostril yuck you ugly and it's like you
gotta you gotta come you gotta come
active but you had all this love right
here pour into this love I just for me
right now I feel like an axe the better
way last but not least in 2017 I want to
turn 27 that's where my vision for 2017
will take me I hope if I continue to
work hard and have the most for thought
okay I actually wanna have fun serve my
people mind my business drink water and
do the work that it takes to be louder
than hate to the people that matter cuz
I know sometimes hate me man laughs I
would be real loud maybe that upstairs
neighbor
alright that's like bowling balls just
bolt that's it it's your turn now
in the comments below let me know what
your goals are for 2017 and I will see
you on the internet somewhere bye
