I'm going to be using this to detangle
instead of this it's just very neutral
for me because I bought this solely off
of youtube video recommendations I have
not tried a Denman brush I have not even
felt a real Denman brush in my life I
have not held a brush in my hands since
November 2008 so this is step where I um
detangle now usually I use my wide
toothed shower comb and I got it from
chrome art actually I have a blue one
that I read you know got a target but
that's at my parents house I have a
zillion of these laying around so I
usually use this on my film these
apostles and I'm kind of scared I'm
going to be very honest but I have
watched videos where they slide this
thing out and take out every other
bristle every other row of bristles so
I'm how film guys it's gonna need to be
done this was $10.50 yeah crow Marco I
also got
Darcy's botanicals vanilla delight daily
leave-in conditioner and as you know I
usually use not today but as you can see
my not today is on its last usage this
is probably going to be done during this
hair care obsession so I bought the
substitute leave-in conditioner just so
I wouldn't run out in the middle of the
week because that's really awkward I
also gave me a sample final specific
intense nutrition shampoo and intense
nutrition mask I think this is French
because there's a lot of French on this
package and I can actually read French
self-driven here
so she'll want some
one thing
I also get many bless you I'm going to
go ahead and detangle for you from the
camera Denman brush let's go
hmm
you
okay I can take it I can really dig it I
couldn't like
no nothing I'm gonna go ahead and take
out every other row of bristles this is
going to take forever and why it's not
difficult is just going to take forever
so yeah
BAM watch this video to find out how to
take out every other bristle because
yeah video is brilliant so BAM here's my
brush with half the bristles I finished
keep that peeked at peak then
oh yeah what's that about hold on hold
on
yeah I usually don't lose this much hair
