hey Mexico a.com in YouTube it's me
Evelyn
and this is literally less than an hour
after the footage from the main twist
video
it's literally hasn't even been it out
were you guys and not feeling this at
all cheer - you and you're not sure
whether you have been here or not just
slapping some mini twists and you will
realize real quick if your hair I'm
really disappointed you guys really
disappointed I don't even care about the
time it took to take to put them in and
out change my own even care these
something doesn't look good it doesn't
look good let's take a look at this mess
I don't it's like I don't have enough
hair you know I'm saying everybody
else's looks you know like they
basically have Kiki twists or nubian
twists in except their own hair here's a
picture of me with kinky twists here's
another set of kinky twists I know but
as you can see does not hold true for
this particular moment in time
henceforth I will be taking these bad
boys out Evelyn is there gonna see the
long time no not at all
because it's just a twist it's not a
brain or there's not no third strand
that's gonna not up that's literally
just two piece of hair wrapped around
each other so I'm gonna do is scouts
will hang water once again
and run some conditioner a little bit we
take each twist and just run my finger
down and it'll unravel and so because
I'm using something so slippery to do
that I'm going to use a sample of the
spiral solutions one of the past videos
I used spiral solutions the decadent
deep conditioner this time I'm going to
use a sample and the same company's
spiral solutions in it kaitlin's
conditioner silky smooth conditioning
cream red berries and jasmine tea I'll
use that to take out my twists then I'll
go ahead and use that same shampoo
sample from the same company to wash my
hair because my yep just gonna pretty
crap in my ear and then spraying water
you know using Carol's outer hair milk
on to make the twist and everything like
that so I know my hair has been through
a lot okay I don't know if you can see
but my tangles will twist it up that
side section it took me 10 minutes with
1012 minutes to unravel separate
entangled and twist one section or
sections out alright so yeah as you can
see I'm taking the many twists out it is
only taking me maybe an hour and a half
to untwist detangle and retwist
all my hair this is all the hair that I
lost from detangling just that's spiral
solutions let me go grab all my the
Caitlin's conditioner silky smooth
conditioning cream it is really good
like it smells amazing it's really
creamy um I mean new condition at the
house but you guys know I gotta try any
health first and that other conditioner
full-size conditioners have not run out
yet so just worth a little sample now so
yeah both shrimp my hair and when I get
out probably but not today in it along
with
shea butter and just wear this what
happens in that one tries to do styles
so Alvin will just wear an afro and Evan
will stop talking about herself in third
person thanks for watching you guys this
is all I got
thanks for sticking by my side
sometimes
