hey miss the curly dot-com YouTube it's
me Evelyn and this is my bed head I'm
not affected oh yeah excuse the morning
voice actually it's almost 1:00 p.m. I
decided that today Saturday afternoon
I'm going to wash my hair and let it
just stay shrunken for this upcoming
week how I'm going to do that is do my
regular you know miss Jessie sweet back
deep treatment and then wash my hair
with two products that I have yet to
show you guys you loosens products this
is the moisture benefit shampoo this is
a moisture balancing conditioner it's
funny I just got this shampoo I use it a
couple times and then they go on YouTube
to see what other people have to say you
know if they agree with me why if they
don't why not and then I see people
talking about the conditioner and I'm
like I've seen that bottle somewhere
when have I seen it and I go home and
it's right underneath my bathroom
cabinet
at home so I had this all done and it's
pretty cool so we'll go ahead and test
it out
you've already sent out the shampoo so I
know the deal is far as a conditioner I
haven't used it since I was
transitioning so I really don't remember
and then to style my hair I'm going to
use curly hair solutions curl keeper and
afro veda pure whipped jelly the past
five days I've been rockin twist outs I
have to bail to not out on really
stretched out here and it didn't really
do anything except curl the edges the
ends sorry so yeah it's not cute anymore
and I think I can do we'll make it cute
because it is tangled I'm going to come
back and show you guys basically how I
think so next time you see me I will
have shrunk in here so keep this in your
mind memory memory okay hey shower took
me about 20 to 25 minutes to watch me
turn over here but the Aleutians
moisture shampoo and
conditioner so the things that I'm going
to be using spray bottle
just in case my hair starts getting dry
I don't need it dripping wet I'm just
really kind of damp so spray bottle of
water my curly hair solutions pearl
keeper after ovate appear whipped jelly
lettuce pika
and it'll be much easier because I am
doing it in sections so I'm just
grabbing hair and smoothing it because
the coin give your hair is the harder it
is to kind of do these 12 defining
panels because you can't just grab hair
I'm gonna go ahead and spray my hands
twist
that's what it looks I I don't know if
you can see so now that I've done all
the sections what I'm going to do is
shake my head vigorously so as to
feather it out but so not have Bray's
thanks for watching
