hey Nash the Kelly common YouTube it's
me Evelyn and I am home sweet home Oh
God yeah so I'm not in my dorm room I'm
in my bedroom for real there is nothing
like taking a high 25 minute shower in
the shower with the little what's not
faucet where the shower head actually
works and spews water at the you know
appropriate rate I thing like just being
able to stand there with no flip-flops
cuz he won't get meningitis you know
what I'm saying I just washed my hair I
don't know if you can see it shake
especially in the back the frog doesn't
really do anything my hair is extremely
shrunken right now it's freaking awesome
can't really bring you on to the
bathroom cuz even though I got my own
bathroom at this point in time it's
still kind of creepy so i shampooed with
my miss jessie's chrome delacro
cleansing cream um I use a different
conditioner I used hmm the one that's
called touche like shea butter but it's
like touche you know play on words with
BAM it's the name is right here it's
really good like the small reminded me
of RB organics honeysuckle rose and
review coming soon but that probably
doesn't do anything for me so when I
smelled it I was like oh my glass and
the honeysuckle rose um but it's pretty
awesome and he tangled with it and then
I rinsed it out and then I put my not
today um in as I leave in and put on the
curl keeper not can you curly because
I'm discovering the joy of curl keeper
and um voila oh my gosh also in case you
guys didn't know if you're from Central
Texas North Texas miss jessie's and
naturally curly is having a hair
naturally curly event extravaganza you
guys it's going to be so awesome I'm
going to be there you can meet me and
all my other wonderful lovely natural
friends is going to be so awesome
kind of like a reminder to all my texts
and subscribers and you're not even from
Texas you know make that trip over here
it's really cool that somebody decides
to not go to LA in New York for a change
no one noticed Michael a new york
subscribers if there are any but
sometimes people in the middle be loved
you know you can skip in the whole
country before I digress even further I
just want to come to you guys and say hi
and you know I still do my little side
part you know
definitely work on my fitness because I
got sick not sick but my allergies I've
been acting up so I went to the doctor
dude god female lady and um you know the
nurse says step on the scale and my head
I'm like no I really don't want to but I
did and that number was horrid so you
would even see it my chef boyardee or
not cool it needs to be lean mean
fighting machine home for the weekend I
was really stressed out like mental like
breakdown you know how college goes but
yeah this was all I want to say I'm
alright thanks for watching bye
