listen we all know this about me we've
had this conversation before
I am messy what hey YouTube world it's
me Evelyn
back in May May June I decided to take
my life by the reins horns ball and dive
deep into minimalism YouTube these girls
got like two sweaters total ah a cup and
one sock that they alternate three feet
when the other gets called every
minimalist blogger vlogger suggested the
same book the life-changing magic of
tidying up by Marie Kondo so I
downloaded that home on audible on some
Iyanla fix my life and I was determined
to soak the vibes be clean don't be a
yuk but nobody likes ya but some reason
you picked up this book what wasn't done
motivated you to tiny in the first place
what long story all the way short seven
ish months later we're here and I have
not really made any progress but in this
video I am going to declutter before
your very eyes
you can stay mad all the haters out
there you know saying they hate because
they ain't me really God got me so all
the decluttering and organizing tips in
the life-changing magic of tidying up
are collectively called the konmari
method number one do not declutter by
room declutter by
basically she says we've been doing it
all wrong and for example instead of
decluttering and organizing your bedroom
you're supposed to declutter and
organize your clothes all of them get
every article of clothing from your
closet under the couch in your car the
cubby hole at work your locker at the
gym get all your clothes and put them in
one place and now look at all the
nonsense you have number two in the call
Murray method she states that next you
need to hold every article of clothing
or every item that you are decluttering
and ask yourself does it spark joy I
know what you're thinking what type a
hippie dippie a liberal super soul
Sunday bull is this I believe in Jesus
but while reading this book I realized
the goal is not to have few things it's
not a race oh look at me I have three
under s three just three instead the
goal is to make sure that every item you
own makes you happy now so some things
are easy like duh my pizza and french
fry onesie gives me joy duh
these pants have no back pockets that's
stupid
not joy this is my alma mater I went
here does not bring me joy but this
shirt I don't know where this is located
what is blows work but this gives me joy
in the book Marie Kondo also suggests
that you should thank your clothes for
their service
okay I did this process last night um it
didn't really take me that long body con
when I was a left
all right that's no joy all right
another body con I had a body con phase
what freshmen in college didn't grant
you boxers
hell yes Peter my you know everybody has
them the food baby pants don't have the
elastic in them anymore
you can like sit I can feel myself
sideways body card it took maybe 30 to
45 minutes for me to go through
everything by the end of this process I
had two large piles this one does not
spark joy and this one does I literally
got rid of half my clothes and how much
to be honest I still think there might
be some items that I wasn't supposed to
hold on to because it's more like
memorabilia than it is like clothing
you're a mean but we're gonna we're not
gonna address the third step in my
tidying up process and the konmari
method is to recycle I decided to take
my clothes to savers ain't nobody got
time for no Buffalo exchange all stingy
I know there are different apps where
you can sell your clothes but breathe in
see don't you feel decluttered tighly
like free what shut out to audible for
helping me bring you this video they
have a massive selection of audiobooks
fiction nonfiction audio programs I use
audible specifically for self-help
because girl I got three years to get
somebody 30 under 30 list and gay I used
their clips bookmark feature heavy
because I know myself alright and I knew
that I probably wouldn't put anything
into practice until like months later
and sure enough here we are I was able
to go back listen to my clips and my
little bookmark sound bytes in order to
film this video visit addict
accomplished Evelyn to download my
recommendation the life-changing magic
of tidying up or you can just give those
on some for yourself any book you want
to choose is yours for free free book
free 30-day trial membership on audible
you're welcome and when you download
books on audible they are yours to keep
even if you stop using the service
because they not try to learn the
comments below let me know what article
of clothing you have had for the longest
looking at you all 1987 a shoulder pad
dancer see you on the internet somewhere
bye
