hey naturally curly calm in YouTube it's
me Evelyn and this video is going to be
about shampoo I always say that when
testing out shampoos the number one
thing you need to look for is how does
it make your hair look and feel naked
all naked hair is to me this is my
definition I think I made it up I don't
know his hair that has been freshly
shampooed and that's it no curl defining
cream no oil no conditioner no
detangling nothing naked hair dripping
wet you know the whole business I'm one
of those people who washes their here
whatever they want to I don't have a
schedule um whenever my hair feels dirty
and I have enough time to sit there and
wash it condition it and detangle then I
will I'll you shampoo for people like me
who you shampoo pretty frequently it's
important to find products that um don't
strip your hair of its natural oils now
your scalp makes its own oil the body
makes its own oil um it's called sebum
when this builds up it can get gross but
depending on the texture of your hair
and how much your hair curls you won't
necessarily feel it that is why people
with a bone straight hair can't get away
with not washing their hair every day
because the oil can travel down that
straight strand of hair in Turkey you
can see the coil on their hair not cute
but for people like me whose hair is so
curly that at you know first glance you
can't even see the curl like it just
looks like mass of hair the oil can't
defy gravity and travel down the spiral
you know so my hair doesn't get oily as
fast and what happens is that oil from
my sky
never reaches my actual hair because my
curls are so small in diameter I'll have
an oily scalp that needs to be washed
but dry hair to remedy this you use a
shampoo that does not have sulfates so
it doesn't strip your hair of any oil
that it did have the chance to receive
but you need a shampoo that also cleans
your scalp of all the product build-up
of all your natural oils let's start off
the shampoo that you wouldn't use suave
and you're asking well Evelyn if you
wouldn't use it why do you have it it's
because I am foolish if it's any
consolation I haven't used it at all I
think I used it once and I've had it for
a while I need to give it to somebody
because that's a waste and I'm ashamed
it does leave your hair squeaky clean um
and when I say squeaky clean I literally
do mean I mean I mean it that's the
sound that my hair makes if I use
something like that um in my hair feels
dry it feels like hey like straw you
know um it's it's it's not a good look
this makes my naked hair feel horrible
what I did use during my transition
which is a little better in terms of
ingredients but not that much better in
terms of how it made my naked hair field
is kinky curly come clean natural
moisturizing shampoo unlike the suave
which the first ingredient you know as
water sodium lauryl a sulfate other
words i can't pronounce another word i
can't pronounce something i should have
learned in science class ingredients for
this purified water organic mandarin
orange fruit organic marigold flower it
just sounds it sounds like magic in a
bottle and it does lather just like the
swab does so if you're one of those
people who's lather crazy go for it um
but my hair did feel squeaky clean as
you can see I did you
it just because it was during my
transition and I had it washed my hair
and why when I have braids I have braids
I don't wash my hair it be two days so
that wasn't moving up for a while so I
can afford to kind of have this week he
claimed feeling because I'm not washing
my hands frequently but once I went
natural it was really important that I
account for an oily scalp and dry hair
okay my favorite shampoo of all times
forever and ever amen is Miss Jessie's
creme de la curl cleansing cream it's
blue and it's not coming out anytime
soon at least my hair moisturized and
not strict my curls pop with the shampoo
let me let me rewind curls defined in
its a shampoo it's not even
conditionally guys it is so thick that
the Miss Jessie's website actually tells
you that this is thicker than the
matching conditioner if your hair is
really thin um and if your hair is
really really really thick you might not
like it really thin hair it'll weigh it
down in me might you might not like that
feeling if it's really thick it might
never come out it has that conditioner
feel to it your hair smooth and silky
with a shampoo it's revolutionary stuff
you guys you know how you have a product
you put it in your hair and you wash it
out and your hair is back to feeling the
way it was before you washed it that's
not what you want when I rinse it out my
hair is as soft and silky as it was with
the product in it but I found something
else blended cutie silky swirls shampoo
comes in a cute little younger brother
saying like that and um you know it's
all cute and looking homemade you know
shoutout to canada for you know it's
made in canada it smells like sugar
cookie sprinkle icing vanilla cupcake
it's creamy just like the Miss Jessie's
not ask creamy because this will pour
out the bottle if I turn it upside down
so I decided to give this a try um you
know I'm always skeptical cynical grumpy
old woman but I said let me let me see
if this really works you guys this is a
really good shampoo um it's a really
good shampoo yeah it lathers unlike miss
jessie's crumble curl but it has the
same moisturizing effects so you left my
hair silky smooth just like Miss
Jessie's and it didn't strip my hair
when i rinsed it out my hair felt smooth
to the touch if I ran my fingers press
my hands down a strand of hair it would
feel smoother not like perforated or
that word you know I thought I found
something revolutionary with Mischa his
crumble of Crow and now I'm finding that
I'm going to be switching up these two
shampoos I'm excited yay miss jessie's
crumble curl is damn that much money
blended cuny not to be confused with
blended beauty I think yeah is BAM that
much money college kid perspective find
something you really love and if you
really love it's not going to be that
big of a deal um to spend a little extra
on when I run out i'm going to buy them
again and again and again this was only
four dollars but i'll never buy it again
you know try out their products or
collaborate with a friend both pay for
and you guys alternate that saves money
and if one person doesn't like it the
other person keep it when win no one
person lost money but you know what i
mean and i do you know shampoo
frequently so if you don't all the more
reason to not freak out about the price
shampoos are really important
everybody's to clean their hair right
right right shampoo Nashville cool a cop
car Mart com thanks for watching bye
