hi naturally curly calming you too how
y'all doing this lovely Saturday
afternoon I'm doing well let me take us
in you guys
sweetly tea half and half half lemonade
half ice tea simple simply delicious
anyway just want to come showing you me
what I want castor oil I went to Whole
Foods today for the first time in my
life it was awesome kind of chaotic
because it's Saturday and every body in
Austin Texas won a but the brand is home
health castor oil cold-pressed cold
processed it's how much is it eight
fluid ounces pretty good size compared
to my teeth last a long time it was
under six dollars Holly you hear me for
something I wouldn't buy six olive
shampoo because I'm using that like
every week every three days but for
something like this this is gonna last
me a while so six dollars is really not
a big deal I was gonna get I'm talking
about cuz my computer is gonna cut me
off but uh I was gonna get coconut oil
it was ten dollars worth it
but I realized to have shea butter
already and now you know me to buy more
products then you really need shea
butter and coconut oil they're pretty
much gonna serve the same purpose for my
hair moisturization protection from the
elements softness so
until I finish the shea butter I'm not
gonna get coconut oil Oh
so yeah that's I got the castor oil
because I'm on a mission to go out my
edges look this would be your braiding
my hair which I'm surprised it's not
even that bad but it's just not good
this one's the worst of all there's
absolutely no hair at this operator but
yeah I just just now I put some castor
oil people say it smells bad it smells
like nothing to me I was expecting
something to smell like rancid like you
guys scared me for no reason
stop I just put a little in my cap it's
kind of thick that's for a little the
cap and yeah I'm gonna try doing this
three times a week I clean hair well
I'll figure it out later but I'm gonna
try doing it and see if I get any
results by spring break which is in
mid-march
that gives me about a month and a half
to see if it's really helping and I'll
let you guys know so this is a clip that
I made by the way then I have a video on
that if you want to see it's on my own
channel not naturally curly Cox channel
and yeah this is just hair that's been
washed conditioned and leave conditioner
can't shape that's it doses y'all
