hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn y'all
know those nighttime routine videos I'm
addicted to them I watch a lot of
nighttime routine videos and your faves
are somehow able to like wind down every
night with a nice herbal tea always
organi
they sit in the sheds they have ash as
they read a physical book alright every
night nighttime routine that's never
been me oh that's never been me I don't
go to bed I drop dead not so long ago
like six months ago I used to be that
person who fell asleep without washing
their face yes with makeup on yes with
the dirt from the day still on my face
like a yup but I'm not proud of it you
know what I'm saying in my skin suffered
so while I still don't have like a
nighttime routine of YouTube proportions
I do just try to wash my face every
night so henceforth in hitherto I am
here with a hashtag B G BB black girl
beauty brand is within a minute since
I've done one of these I'm reviewing a
product that is black on women on black
women owned it is a continuation of a
brand that I have already reviewed and
you can click the atmosphere or finally
in the video description box and they
send me their latest update a cleanser
amen and time alright ain't no is that a
bottle of witch hazel alright no shade
but I could get that ball greens the
newest products in the Bolden facial
care line are the skin clarifying
cleanser and the skin brightening toner
okay so let's start with the cleanser I
would suggest you keep it this way
because if I were to open this it would
literally pour out you don't have to
squeeze it the fragrance it's giving me
cucumber water right it's giving me spa
let's be honest I losing glossy and it
sucked
alright uh-huh and so when I when they
said this to me in the mail I was so
hyped because I needed a cleanser that
foamed and actually claimed my face I'm
gonna tell you how to wash
faith just watch your face for the
cleanser on all right leather it up wipe
your eyebrows off and rinse I know I'm
not the only one who gets water
everywhere I don't know how y'all do
these videos not getting water
everywhere my face feels refreshed
rejuvenated renewed in the Lord Jesus
Christ amen
it's pH balanced it doesn't burn my eyes
off I have such sensitive eyes when I
rest my face it's clean without feeling
tight or stripped you know like when
your face so dry you smile and it's the
best bleep it just gets the job done it
actually cleans my face it's a black
girl beauty brand and I love it after I
use the cleanser I use the Bolton skin
brightening toner promises to diminish
appearance of dark spots tightens and
refines pores prevents breakouts
controls oil and shine I know I roasted
witch hazel I'm a witch hazel user firm
steadfast since maybe 14 15 years of age
all right what I was roasting was people
who sell witch hazel for $25 on Etsy but
I was so hard to see that bold and skin
brightening toner has much hazel okay it
has witch hazel but it also has
niacinamide in the top five ingredients
and glycolic acid dis a formulation
y'all looking at this like yes my Cinna
my aka vitamin b3 yes come through
improve the smoothness and texture of my
skin yes glycolic acid a gentle chemical
exfoliant good if you want to learn more
about skincare and things like that
I suggest my friend Amanda's blog melon
glow Oh she talks about the benefits of
ingredients like this if that's why I
was hyped because I was reading her blog
and what she was saying on the blog
matched what was on here so I was like
I'm finna be fresh today so I've had
this for quite a while and this is all
I've used or some on my cotton round and
you know I'll just wipe my face it says
upward strokes
I always forget they're more like
sideways strokes it said avoid the eye
area clearly
I did not read the back but I've been
putting on my eye area all right it has
like 70 11 extracts so you can reap the
benefits because it stays on your face
beet root extract lentil seed extract
cucumber fruit extract okay that's what
I'm smelling it smells like cucumber
fresh it's just this is my face you know
I'm saying this is me oh I mean I have
eyebrows on and lips lip gloss on but I
mean this is me I'm super excited can I
say I'm proud like I'm proud anyway
that's my review hope it helped I enjoy
these products to really I use them
every night now that I wash my face
great couple of months my skin is
improving you know I look back at old
videos and I'm like Oh looking like a
chocolate-chip cookie
thanks for sending me these products
Boldin Congrats on your new product
release everybody been doing the bomb
black on makeup brand
I think tag and I'm like but have you
can you wash your face Dalek what if you
just want to wash your face people like
me we just we just want to wash our
faces in the comments below let me know
if you have a nighttime routine be
honest and I'll see you on the internet
somewhere bye
