hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn I'm
going to Thailand and if you can swing
it I would like for you to join me in
Thailand with me Thailand which is in
Asia with me in time believes things
keep falling in my lap like chance has
said but let me tell you what happened
let me move along to live it and reverse
it
hey it's abroad it's Neverland I am a
magical black girl in Austin Texas a
youtuber who creates comedy videos
storytelling I mean cultural commentary
really sometimes I just taste things and
talk about it um I got my start making
YouTube videos about natural hair
because that's what you did when you
were a black girl making YouTube videos
in 2009 I mean unless you was glozell no
matter what I've talked about my goal
with this whole YouTube thing over the
years I stayed the same I wanna make
people laugh give them a little bit of
joy make them think make them feel
better about themselves I talk about the
things that matter to me Beyonce black
lives okay now that my internet cousins
are over the shock of me posting a video
finally and the people who are new to my
channel know a little bit about me this
is where Chloe comes in she is a magical
black girl check who is the founder of
one love Travel Club basically she
organizes trips all around the world for
people to participate in the most recent
trip was hosted by mini Marley here on
YouTube our goal in general for one love
Travel Club is to break barriers and
expose people to new cultures things
that I'm down with okay but I'm down for
and I think just by way of you watching
my African shenanigans on YouTube I know
you're down for new cultures I have
people saying if you die inside joke I'm
hosting a one love Travel Club trip to
northern Thailand this year November
20th through the
twenty-eight but I'm not doing it by
myself
this is a joint host situation and Julie
is coming to we'll have group adventures
as one love Travel Club and everything's
already planned out come closer come to
my face
come closer damn we finna sip line
through the jungle okay
ride scooters through Bangkok okay eat
all of the curried things and monks will
be involved Josie and I are also going
to host a joint workshop during this
trip I've been talking to her and we
decided we're gonna talk about how to
balance being woke with being happy
hashtag don't kill my vibe
hashtag stop shooting us though I love
traveling I love trips whether it's in
Texas like I've shown you in my own area
with Elise or I said you with me to
South Korea when I visited doyon what
reminds me the cost okay so this is
something you are serious about me and
you want to come to Thailand with me in
November late November okay you're gonna
miss Thanksgiving but what is
Thanksgiving anyway the only Christopher
we acknowledge is Wallace this is my
formal invitation this is how much it
costs for a single occupancy room and
then this is the cost of a double
occupancy room to the curious part on
this trip cost $400 the complete
informations okay including the payment
plan schedule is on the 1 lakh Travel
Club website one love travel dot Club
let this be your first major
international trip come hang out with me
in a new world in a whole new we can we
can we can go if you want to go let's go
space is limited so make your deposit as
soon as you can and in the meantime in
between time I'm going to work on in
manifest you know I'm saying attract if
you will away for just like as someone
has sponsored me I'm gonna try and
figure out a way to sponsor somebody
else in the video description box I will
have a link to a form please fill out
that form if you cannot afford travel
I'm
talking about you just don't budget your
money wisely I can't make any promises
but I'm saying god helps those who get
the ball rolling on day home whatever
the Bible say I'm hype I hope your hype
i will see you in Thailand in November
but before then on the internet
somewhere bye
