when we wear our hair products sweet if
you get baby hands evenly Alliance duty
with little eyes fuck page abroad it's
me Evelyn may 8th the year of our Lord
2016 where was the house at my parents
house for Mother's Day
okay minding my imagine all black
business all right
10:18 I received your pendant and then
put the dicks messages can going how
could it be was my friend Bobby
Cervantes what is this where is I'm
information y'all hi oh my god oh my god
my gosh you are fucked
ya ha ya know me I'm from the Internet's
but not like of the internet see what
I'm saying I don't gotta push
notifications okay so I'm gonna my
laptop you feel me
oh that's the no patience but I went
outside and ran I ran and I ran I don't
run hmm what about a mile off the pure
energy off the pure adrenaline running
as far as the East is from the West at
this point okay meanwhile my brother is
still in the house frozen he's frozen
don't understand I am information
information in for me oh yeah I wanna
know what Beyonce's secret YouTube
username is who she don't go by Beyonce
on internet this dumb like what is a
LinkedIn I don't need a LinkedIn Beyonce
knows who I am so get it get in
formation
boo hmm hmm look my face look this way
there's a serious way I would just like
to give all glory and honor to God first
and foremost um secondly for my mother
for having me thirdly for my dad for you
know helping that be possible
fourthly to jewel Z because without her
in her eyebrow illustrations I would
have been on Beyonce's big screen with
no white props I have there's room for
improvement nevertheless okay um I'm
here and to top it all off because I
keep my channel family-friendly you know
else watch my videos proudly blue shouts
my internet cousin Nonya years oh I
believe on the Internet's because her
videos truly solidified and communicated
what our internet cousinship me because
the screams that she screamed scrimped
the screams that she scrubbed
I don't I don't know where do we go from
here
did I ever in my wildest image
maybe I got Woodridge Beyonce you know
I'm saying lyin cuz it was a good able
to good who do you know I'm saying about
Newsies on myself when I lose a son aza
thank you for sharing that video on
Twitter YouTube Facebook I hope this
video encourages you hmm what have we
learned today you'll see what have we
learned
that's it same with me okay there's
closed captions you can see what I'm
gonna say before I say if you
haha Beyonc
don't put your bright neons we all see
you on the internet somewhere
