you don't know suffering until you've
moved to a city where you're allergic to
the air you breathe my god hates world
it's me Evelyn not only do I feel like
I've worn this exact same shirt and
snapback approximately eight times my
eyes are also on fire I almost did it
film today's video because look at me
yeah I can't stop I can't
ah okay so I have allergies uh they
manifest themselves and a multitude of
ways it just so happens that a burning
sensation within my eyes is you know I'm
saying the symptom du jour all right my
eyes are so swollen right now that my
under eye is just as big as my eyelid
how did that make sense YouTube feel
like you monster I got natural hair I
dress a certain way I don't need people
thinking that I'm they plug you know I'm
saying no I don't have anything that you
can't buy anything from me okay I so
love from the teeth I'm not chiefing
know right now it's April so what's in
the air right now is mold ill and oak
it's no way to live this is not the
existence I just want to sit here and do
this it's all just a biggest problem
with allergies is the medication if I
don't take allergy meds I feel drunk if
I take allergy meds I feel drunk like
it's a lose-lose why I tell you a better
drill is worse than vicodin
have you ever been benadryl wasted it's
horrible being benadryl wasted is what I
imagine being in a coma must feel like
because like you're in there but you
can't get up and then like all the
clearance hands and okay the wallet ins
okay cuz clearance and kind of high that
doesn't work for me the comments below
let me know if you have allergies to and
and what what what can I do to get to
get through this okay and I'm gonna see
you on the inter
some work by
