you were about to witness me attempt to
make Nigerians do with no recipe what
tears were shed hey YouTube world it's
me Evelyn let's start from the beginning
hi my name is Evelyn I'm not Nigerian
but like all my friends remain Geryon
I've been to Nigeria like several times
so it's not like cultural appropriation
is that don't answer that
so I asked doyon how to make stew like a
year ago I'm attempting to cook it based
off the memory of what she said like I
I'm just gonna I'm just gonna go I'm
just gonna come soon do look good how to
make Nigerians to step 1 go to the most
magical place on earth
h-e-b step 2 get ingredients step 3 wash
the tomatoes bell peppers and whatever
the heck this pepper is called I
literally just bought it off memory of
what it looked like the last time is
this how Bonello I don't know step 4 cut
them up step 5 blend
step 6 season then cook the end of the
flesh of your choosing while that's
happening
step 7 pour the tomato and pepper
mixture into a pot on high heat to
dissolve the liquid or so I thought
knowing that I was doing wrong step 8 so
in snapchat it means India wrong
Jesus with the oil in first and then do
it not separately on step 9 add the oil
now I guess
no I'm boil and I don't know how much
oil that was way too much oil
step 10 fry the stew now or something to
get into my joy oh look at all that and
add the meat or whatever make it work
girl step 10 make it work girl I have to
drain the oil off the stew I don't know
what then what what and then chill now
I'm doing this okay enough for the
stewing here okay and then season season
it I guess
you know this is my school just got some
pick out some flavor on loca alright
it's not discussed able to sob knock and
wipe me off this but it's a start into
world
si si Caro Stu Stu Caro we are you Karen
ah choking shock you uh-huh mm-hmm in
the comments below let me know some of
your favorite dishes to cook or do you
even do not cook are you one of those
let me know and I'll see you on the
internet somewhere bye
