cuz I just got up off a REM cycle I'm
feeling so refreshed every new to the
Lord Jesus Christ so shout out to you
your auntie your uncle your cousins in
them for helping my video on Facebook
reach two million views that what the
Beyonce one the BuzzFeed one um that's
great
there's something I should clear up
right now views that of you does not
equal a dollar any men okay just letting
y'all know hey two brothers Natalie I've
been doing this for years like if you
are my own G internet cousin you've seen
me move into this apartment you've seen
me in a dorm room you know what I mean
so like I've been out in these streets
so yes views get your video in front of
more people and and more of the right
people I guess but we're all precious in
His sight okay if I had a dollar for
every view I have on the internet I'd be
a millionaire if I had a quarter for
every view I have on the internet idea
but that got me thinking Evelyn what
would you even do if you had a million
dollars I definitely be that person
buying five hundred dollar white tees
the finest cotton made and sewn by hand
by a craftsman not slaves you know what
I'm saying like I don't want none made
in Indonesia I'm off that okay I pay off
my student loans I pay off my father
student loans I pay off my brother
student loans I'm putting all village on
my back you know saying I don't even
know if I would move honestly I might
just buy a better mattress maybe okay if
I have a million dollars I still
wouldn't purchase groceries from Whole
Foods who actually gets complete
groceries from Whole Foods even if it is
organic it's not even the best value for
the organic miss I would try to be
courtside for all San Antonio Spurs
games in before you try to shade me
talking about what's the point of being
front row for the boring we are a
dynasty we are a dynasty we go to Kenya
finally like when am I gonna go like
wait here's a whore my people I don't
know
if I have a million dollars I would
probably still walk around with busted
haircolor probably still walk around
with no eyebrows and say money can't buy
eyebrows you know the scary thing about
this is that that's it's not a lot of
money that's not a lot of money girl I
would try to help the youth in my
community like there are people in
Austin Texas there are kids who don't
have computers like what dimension do we
live in and internet connection because
I mean what good is a computer if you
don't have internet at the end of the
day I make these videos because my brain
waves just do too much I need cheering
up your comments are gold so let me let
me let y'all in on a little secret are
you super is only as good as their
comment section and I truly believe that
I have one of the best comment sections
on YouTube and you can fight me oh my
god you can fight me every once in a
while there is a rabble-rouser but there
are stranger like who are you like who
are you the event so then should watch
my videos I don't make a dollar for
every view girl if I did would you see
me on the internet somewhere girl I
don't know comments below I want to know
who else you watch on YouTube and I'll
see you on the internet somewhere
