I usually hate mondays I hate morning so
it was a wonder that I was even able to
get up you know what I mean but not only
did I get up I rose you know I feel
sorry juvenille still paints the world
it's me Evelyn
so Beyonce's lemonade was about women
right and it got me thinking about what
I thought being a woman meant when I was
little and the thing is I have a very
distinct imagery now this is me showing
my age or rather my youth I don't know I
thought being a grown-up or a teenager
or like a free woman meant that I was
able to wear midriff shirts okay belly
button all out okay as a child the car I
wanted a bright yellow 4x4 you could
call it the 4x4 what a lemonade pen job
okay not on the Jeep like my wishes I'm
on it you know cruise down the street
with the windows down hair blowing in
the Louisiana breeze and singing a Janet
Jackson she can thing didn't uh no
that's what she was saying but I was
saying it cuz I'm gonna have to read it
where was I headed to the water park
whenever I wanted because that's what
grown-ups were able to do in Louisiana
was called Blue Bayou it was kind of
like the Schlitterbahn okay if you're in
Texas we have Schlitterbahn it was the
hurricane Harbor okay he got a six flags
that's what I wanted to do never mind
that I had a mother that was very
present in my life forget that role
model I wanted to be Janet Jackson
that's what I thought being a woman was
and now that I'm here kind of I think
who I was Sarang nowhere in that dream
was their student loans failure and
disappointment and being so lost so lost
but I do have control over where I go
and what I wear and the music I listen
to so if I want to walk around with my
belly but now singing Janet Jackson is
some
that I can do McConnell's below let me
know what you thought being an adult was
gonna be like and I'll see you on the
internet somewhere bye
