hey it's a world it's me Evelyn some of
y'all have been watching me here on the
Internet's since I was in college and
now that I sit before you as a whole 28
year old woman I can leech back into my
mind's eye and give you my college-bound
internet cousins a bit of advice do as
we say not as we do mistake number one
hey that's you should avoid can i I
can't
I'm too American spending that loan
refund check you get a suit alone you
feel me it drops peel it pays your um
your tuition peel it pays for your dorm
poomm pays for your books and then they
have then they do some little sinister
you got an extra five thousand baby girl
that is not just extra five thousand
dollars sitting around for you to go to
Punta Cana with that is not extra money
thankfully my dad went through the
higher education system and he knew
enough about loans and money and all
that to be able to tell me Evelyn
calculate your living expenses send the
rest back did you know you can do it you
can reject extra loan money financial
aid in general and student loans
specifically are not something to play
with
but once that long refund check hit I
urge you if you don't need that money to
live send it back because it might just
be three thousand dollars now but with
interest in ten years you a whole twenty
eight year old woman it can be a problem
don't make that mistake next mistake not
dropping classes every university is
different so I'm a need for you to take
this advice but also maintain a strong
relationship with your advisor to make
sure that you are on track to graduate
on time alright that's my little
disclaimer I'm not saying after half the
semesters over I'm saying you can
usually get a good feel of the classes
in the first week or two and in your
particular University there might be
a certain number of days that you have
that you can drop the class without
financial penalty okay but a big mistake
you make in college it's thinking you're
stuck doing something college is all
about making choices that are best for
you and the way that you learn and and
your money you don't want getting that
loan payment you're the one that's gonna
have to pay that back so why not try to
ensure as best as you can because there
are just some classes if you don't have
to take and yes the professor does not
care because he's 78 but then there are
some classes where you can be like you
know what this is not giving me what I
need
she's doing a bit much drop an example I
had signed up for a class I think it was
some feminism Chicana let's Hina
Blackie Brown fists in the air and I
wanted to take the class because I
thought finally you know tumblr was new
back when I was in college so we didn't
really have that sort of education so
College seems to be the place where you
could finally go to read these sorts of
books and to learn about these people
and I go to this class and the professor
is just knuck if you buck I'm not ready
like I was not ready like I knew like I
knew but I was exhausted on a molecular
level like I could feel my DNA side I
knew that that class was not gonna be
good for me at that time and since it
was like a literature class it wasn't
elected it was something that I could
make up in other ways down the line in
my college career I dropped it that day
I left the class first day of class left
dropped a big mistake
that I urge you to avoid making if you
can help it and hopefully this video
will give you some some gumption you
feel me not making people do their job
what a nice way of putting it it's not
allowing people to service you in the
ways that they're getting paid to help
you out college is very scary
especially if you are a first generation
and you don't have somebody to help you
fill out all forms to understand what
the FAFSA means it is somebody's job to
help you somewhere it is someone's job
to make sure you are not confused or
lost it is their job to educate you it
is somebody's job to help you understand
what classes you need to take to
graduate if you're struggling to
understand how to write a paper there
should be a program a class a center a
Writing Center at your University so do
not be ashamed afraid to roll up on
somebody respectfully don't be ashamed
to ask for help because you aren't
paying for this bro like I don't know
another way of telling you how urgent it
is to be in control of your education as
your internet cousin I want to let you
know that I'm rooting for you huh this
one might get me in trouble
mmm I love some good biblical comedy and
I'm saying I love to take the Bible out
of context pastors do it all the time so
Ecclesiastes such-and-such it's say
something about it's a time for
everything
as your internet guys and I will say
that you should take that same approach
to college and even if you're not in
college
this just helps you be a well-rounded
individual there's a time for everything
the biggest mistake you can make is
going all-in on one thing and ignoring
the other activities and organizations
and people and experiences that will
enrich your life as a whole essentially
everything in moderation if you're a
parent of a child in college my mother
close your ears okay
okay you can unplug your here's now I'm
studying yes study all the time without
ceasing and finally do not make this
mistake and think that your education
stops or ends in the classroom cuz
you're gonna be feeling real foolish
okay you gonna feel like that uh raggedy
Fox in the chair mean you don't know one
when you realize that a college diploma
alone doesn't really get you anywhere
automatically yes children it is the
great lie of our day and age figment of
this way in college you are paying for
access access to people okay those
people being your professors and whatnot
that you would not have otherwise ever
had access to I paid money okay and my
father thank you we paid money
I learned storytelling from Pulitzer
prize-winning writers so paying for
college and being in college gives you
access please don't make the mistake of
not doing anything with that access
educate yourself beyond the classroom
granted if you're pouring in college you
don't always have the time to do these
other luxurious things you don't have
the financial ability to work for free
at an internship I recognize all of that
when it comes to school work alone I'm
just talking about school work that's
the least busy you will ever be in your
whole life
fifteen hours a week in a class in each
class you got but two tests the whole
semester you go to class twice week what
are you going to do with the rest of
that time take this time to read take
this time to be an apprentice follow
someone around build something those
dudes that throw parties together they
are learning to be entrepreneurs people
who start their first Black Student
Union in their university people who in
college they started
a magazine like a photography collective
of people who just like take photos they
started fashion blogs they started music
groups they started businesses brain
hair girl had happen Instagram to go
with it
something do something because it shows
resourcefulness it shows leadership it
shows being able to work in collaborate
with others because your diploma on its
own
hey in this day and age can I do it so
hopefully in these few minutes I have
saved you years of heartache and now a
word from our sponsor
shout outs audible for sponsoring this
video we have a massive selection of
audiobooks and podcasts and other types
of programming that you can listen to
during those last a few sweet moments of
summer you can also use it to educate
yourself beyond the classroom like I
suggested and learn more about yourself
and the world around you I strongly
strongly recommend the book the defining
decade by Meg J listen if you are in
your 20s or you're on depressive or you
know somebody in their 20s or about to
be in their 20s you need to listen to
this book and I suggest this book
whether or not you're in college because
it doesn't matter because we all have
lives that need to be lived in time that
can't be wasted amen Mick J is a
clinical psychologist and in this book
she makes the case and I believe it
firmly that your 20s is not some big
waiting room where you kind of just like
sit there and wait for your 30s and
adulthood to begin
you're not dead fam making decisions
that will help your 30s and your 40s and
your 50s amen be a bit smoother okay be
a bit more comfortable to start your
free 30-day trial membership visit
audible.com slash Evelyn or text Evelyn
- 500 500 with that you get a free
audiobook and you can press play on my
recommendation my strong recommendation
the defining decade by Meg J or you can
choose whatever book you want and the
book is yours to keep even if you don't
maintain
you're audible account because they're
not trying Flint so visit audible.com
slash Evelyn or text Evelyn to five
hundred five hundred in the comments
below two things leave a comment telling
me a couple of things you wish you knew
when you were in college and hopefully
it will help someone out alternatively
if you are watching this and you need
help please leave a comment asking a
question the more specific the better
I'm trying to get us to ask better
questions and we will dive into the
comments to help you out we will be the
internet auntie uncle cousin that you
need you got this okay good luck and
then we'll see you on the internet
somewhere bye
