Friday night femm at booty shake again
Oh were you in sync or Backstreet Boys
tell me the comments below
hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn it's
Friday nights got places to go okay and
I hope that you do too
alright a lot of y'all in my um this is
what it takes to vlog every day in April
video suggested that I talk about maybe
my most embarrassing moment and I've
been thinking about it because like
nothing immediately came to mind but
then I remembered fourth grade boobies
this is after school okay I'm in the
fourth grade at this time which means
I'm like nine my friend is maybe in the
fifth grade and then her little brother
is maybe in like the third or second
grade we were just waiting for
somebody's parents to come I don't
remember specifics and we're just
swinging swinging swing we wore uniforms
um
and girls wore crisp dress shirts as
opposed to like polos um we wore the
crisp you know the shirts you get the
iron with a stiff collar or whatever so
with the buttons down the front a
button-up is the word I'm big enough
okay so we're swinging swinging it's
common you know like this age to want to
jump off the swing I've jumped off the
swing approximately seven trillion times
by this point at nine years old so I'm
not too much pressed right just another
day so I go to jump off a swing I'm in
the I'm leaving I'm exiting the swing
little do I know a piece of my shirt
like the tail I've untucked my shirt
it's after school so I'm like all
relaxed the tail of my shirt is somehow
stuck in the chain of the swing so when
my body leaves the swing hooked up to
all the buttons fly up and my
fourth-grade boobies arcs bolsillo world
as I fly through the air
fly naked
and bare-chested throughout the universe
and falls to the ground
oh I'm nine years old I don't wear a bra
because I don't need one definitely did
not have breasteses but was at the age
where you might be self-conscious you're
in saying like you might you know that
you're not supposed to see these so I'm
like oh my god my friend's little
brother is laughing like she's laughing
but it's all in good fun I mean I'm
still alive like truly embarrassing
everything else is kind of like and then
I move on but that one I was like they
stuck with me for a second in the
comments below get ready to get ready
get ready I want to hear your most
embarrassing story okay and I will see
you on the internet somewhere bye
