I've had all day to think to think about
it to know it you know ah when I really
think about it you don't understand or
not ruminate you feel me
I'm we're too blessed to be stressed we
got to experience prints with prints
hello hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn
we were on the same ball of dirt and
water as prints at the same time we're
evolved okay around an orb of molten
plasma with prints my epidermis absorbed
the same UV rays when it rains it's the
rain the rain is coming from the same
sky as the rain that would rain on
prints okay so like way back back back
into old old old old olden days there
was like one chunk of rock you know what
I'm saying like on some water and then
like some happened and the rock split
now we got like seven major chunks of
rock I lived on the same chunk as
praying then like a man okay
human humankind created borders okay the
borders are like this is here and this
is there I lived within the same border
okay aspirants there is a gaseous layer
covering surrounding um all of us okay
and we breathe from it all right and we
breathed the same gaseous layer okay
that Prince breathed this dimension okay
our position all right in space and time
was um overlap it overlapped okay all
right cuz prince you know could have
very well inhabited a completely
different pocket of the universe okay he
could have a reside
in any crevice of the infinite sky and
yet he existed in the same one as us
what did we do to deserve that and what
are we gonna do and how these gone yeah
we're the lucky ones though so see you
on the internet somewhere but
