let me tell y'all about the biggest scam
on the face of this earth hey YouTube
world it's me Evelyn valet trash in
which an apartment complex charges its
tenants a monthly fee to remove their
trash bags from their doorsteps in and
of itself that's not a problem I ain't
got no qualms I understand some people
are busy accessibility is an issue these
stairs are no joke not everybody can
walk but making it a required charge for
everybody no matter what is an
infringement on my rights my right to
take out my own damn trash you don't
know my economic struggle what I'm
trying to save money and the only way I
can do it is to take out my own trash
you don't know my life can I tell you
never in my life as a non homeowner did
I think to incorporate trash into my
monthly budget the dumpster fam I can
see it in my eye line it's 20 yards away
so you mean to tell me that instead of
taking my trash out myself
anytime I want I have to pay you have to
pay you to take my trash out for me at
allotted times and dates and another
thing not only do I pay a monthly valet
trash fee I also pay a trash fee what is
that you ask my portion of the fee
associated with calming the dump truck
to come pick up the dumpster from the
apartment complex so what you're telling
me is not only do I pay somebody to come
take the trash up off my doorstep I pay
a dump truck to take the trash off the
premises the American Dream when I tell
you I've been in that leasing office
trying to get valet charge taken off my
bill when I tell y'all the emails I've
written a couple months ago we got new
management and they sent us a letter
saying valet trash is null and void when
I tell you my spirit danced can you
believe they came back a month later and
said never mind it said oh look at the
thousands of dollars we're missing out
on office bull it's an injustice one day
I didn't put my trash outside at the
allotted time a pair
although I had never been notified of
this new allotted time according to the
new management and I came home after a
full day of work to see my trash still
sitting at my doorstep you know who
could have taken it out me they left a
note on my door notifying me of my
oversight I flipped
I was passing around my house talking to
myself to the atmosphere what I really
wanted to do was to open my trash bag
and dump all the trash on the lawn of
the leasing office I even went outside
to the leasing office to see if there
were cameras I went back inside because
I couldn't really tell do you want to
risk it I ripped up that note plus some
other papers around my house that
couldn't identify me and I sprinkled
them just strewn across the lawn of my
building because today someone's picking
up my trash and I picked up my trash bag
walked to the dumpster which I can do
any day for free and I dumped the trash
bag on the lawn beside the dumpster
because yet and still somebody is
picking up my trash from the ground
because I paid for it you think I'm
gonna pay thirty dollars to put my own
trash in the dumpster nope now granted
the trash was still intact it was in the
trash bag
I wasn't mean like that I could have
gone there but you know I'm saying God
is working on me there's trash in my
kitchen right now you know what a normal
person would do go take it out but you
know what I'm forced to do let it sit
Pham because it's not valet trash day
I'm so annoyed I don't even have a
question axe y'all see you on the
internet somewhere bye
