what is me I don't have hey subrata it's
me Evelyn
so if you like the reason my youtube
channel isn't like you know elevating to
its proper you know position is because
I don't have BAE you know daily vlogs
makeup tags get to know me tags I'm just
missing out on a whole smorgasbord I'm
saying cornucopia uh youtube content
that could be done with a significant
other but as someone who watches a lot
of youtube the most awkward moment as a
viewer is when you realize that the
person you watch is no longer with the
person they put in front of your face
like everyday kind of like when your
friend makes you be friends with their
base like I didn't ask for this you're
the one you made this you did this and
now your comment section lit talking
about I emoji the boop boop below eye
emoji my favorite I speaking through the
grass emoji you know for some intricacy
for some narrative storytelling being
emojis and then some youtubers feel the
need to make an entire video explaining
what happened to the other person I've
received questions and I'm just letting
you know on today
remove the concept of BAE from my name
just remove it I'm not married
but for all you know I couldn't be for
all you know I could have a whole child
all that trash you saw in that car that
caught me my little I might have a five
year old I'm twenty five y'all you know
I'm saying like I could have a fully
grown in school child whenever someone
on the internet asks me are you dating
anyone I'm always like skirt my BAE is
Jesus Christ okay and he never what lets
me down okay will never leave you nor
forsake you don't worry about my BAE I
got the only bed that I need you know so
you know I appreciate when people share
that portion of their lives with us with
me but I'm just letting y'all know
that's not gonna happen
here on this channel you will never see
obey ever never say never never quite
frankly I don't know how to act so in
the comments below let me know if you
would
be mad if your Bay was on the internet
and never mentioned you or Matt let me
know in the comments and I'll see you on
the internet somewhere bye
