there's a note hey YouTube world it's me
Evelyn
in my first Veda video I briefly
referenced internet cousins who have
become our real-life cousins
and this package right here was sent to
me by one such person okay let me just
get into it
oh my god this huge plastic bag this man
created this mattress or spoon here's a
package of snacks from Melo poo poo
hometown yellow poo poo hometown we
don't do healthy so everything in this
box will shorten your lifespan at least
you'll die full amen let's ma ma mama
noodles oriental style instant noodles
artificial pork flavor my favorite the
bag of noodles
we call them Chinese noodles though
though I'm 98% sure that's Vietnamese
writing on the bag it takes ramen
noodles to a whole new level eat dry
what now I got it did you just say why
would I eat ramen noodles dry the Salvos
Cajun fried pork cracklin ingredients I
read with the ingredients pork rind
pellets salt dextrose hey it's a short
list of ingredients that's healthy they
want you out here thinking this is bad
for you but it's it's a whole food it
got three ingredients fam you mad I've
never had pork rinds before it just
tastes like the skin off Fried Chicken
it's good
Elmer's New Orleans chewy chilies cheap
chilies I literally just finished eating
hot cheetos mm-hmm
I grew up in Louisiana just not in the
whirling stuff so I know zaps
everybody knows that oh there's more -
spicy Cajun cross aiders voodoo Cajun
deal gator taters Pam you take uh-huh
yeah
mmm you opened them up at the bottom
because you see how I just like removed
on my Louisiana cred cuz I didn't open
them up at the bottom because that's
where all the flavor is
I was wondering if I would have
something to wash it all down with hmm
big shot soda the soda of hoodrats the
cold drink of the girls who pouch twerk
and Shake on the hoods of cars pineapple
and cream are honestly the only ones
worth drinking yes high fructose Kwanzaa
okay Lisa Reb
mmm-hmm in the oh if you mix them hold
up
he also threw in some stickers for his
podcast by the way he has a podcast
called true literate true and literate
or illiterate I don't actually know
soundcloud.com / illiterate go ahead
check out my cousin he fire he fly
he broke you he wrote a charismatic and
charming thank you that's my cousin i'ma
text you or snap you later
the Connors will tell me what snap grabs
your hood and I'll see you in the next
video tomorrow but on the internet
somewhere bye
