let me tell you about the time I fell
asleep at the wheel hey sue brought it's
me Evelyn the only reason that I'm
standing here before you at 2:00 a.m.
and not strewn effortlessly right down
the middle not the left nor the right
but right down the middle of my
comfortable yet affordable IKEA bed is
because of you I love you just just
accept it just receive it I know you're
like oh she said the Oh take it you can
say it back later and that's my problem
I love sleep but it is the first thing
to go if I have to make a choice there
is this image on the internet it's a
triangle and at each point is a facet of
your life work in school social life and
sleep and in every image it says
something to the effect of you can only
have two and because of the choices I
make and I own them what is sleep like
what is it
I am always YouTube always just a little
bit tired but anyway back to the story
first and so far only time I've ever
fallen asleep at the wheel I was on
assignment I was in Phoenix Arizona
working for the paper and my assignment
had me driving to Yuma Arizona which is
basically the crevice of nowhere to
follow this restaurateur who was diving
into the world of wine making so I had
to fall into this vineyard at the butt
crack of dawn because it's Arizona and
it's like a hundred degrees at 7:00 a.m.
after working a full shift and turning
in my stories and assignments or
whatever I sit a little nap a Hello nap
and I get in my car and I Drive from
Phoenix to Yuma Arizona I get there
before Jesus has risen so I do my thing
I write my stuff I film whatever I'm
filming and then we have to drive from
the vineyard to the actual winemaking
facility girl so they get in their car I
get in my car there are no road signs I
just have to follow them so we driving
hmm drive drive and I realize while I'm
driving that I can't account for the
last second of my life like I can't
where was I wait was I what I was sleep
or a split second I was so I grabbed
every stale bottle of water in my car in
my car's missing so I had like 17
bottles of water
I literally dumped them all over my body
forget that I'm about to go somewhere
and actually be in front of you
report in film I dub water on top of my
body cut on Spotify to the highest
maximum volume that my Toyota Corolla
can take me and I play Kanye West mercy
let the suicide doors up I'm screaming
at the top of my lungs because I can't
go to sleep if I'm silent if I let the
low of the car I will fall asleep and I
will perish and I will pass away from
this earth and just not what I want to
do at a pristine like 22 years old I'm
drenched my windows are down he said let
the suicide doors oh I ain't got suicide
doors you aren't saying cousin Toyota
Corolla
so I lower the windows and the wind is
hitting me Lamborghini mercy
Jack sea salt I see and I make it to my
destination everything's fine
we're alive flash forward I'm doing the
speed a video ain't God a good one for
when people say I'll sleep when I'm dead
I'm always like
I don't know how this I feel you I would
have to disagree because while sleep is
the first thing to go almost the
priorities I like living that's why I
got I'm really tired
I don't know if any of this made sense
hopefully and editing it'll be cohesive
let me know what you think if you have
to choose between work and school social
life and sleep which two do you choose
I'll see you tomorrow but between then
and now see you on the internet
somewhere bye
