better late than never but never late
is highly unrealistic hates abroad it's
me Evelyn
if you're youtuber there's definitely
pressure to make your end-of-the-year
recaps epic got drone footage over Mount
Kilimanjaro
I had five categories I wanted to
improve on in 2015 fun fact I don't
watch my own videos once I published
them so I actually had to go back find
my video from last year and see what I
said 2015 I want to run one 5k and I
want to go for all my annual checkup
okay I didn't run a 5k or go to any of
my checkups but I did refill my inhaler
prescription mmm-hmm it's 2015 my
friends encouraged me to run 5ks and try
yoga and spin classes but looking back I
realized that I was and am intimidated
by those things I want to get less and I
want to get laughed at I'm working on
that in 2016 but last year I took like
three swimming classes and found a
physical activity that I do enjoy and
well the solitude and peacefulness of
hiking was good for my mental health
technically I was supposed to connect
with my family more and trying you know
create happiness and foster community
you know name saying and banish the
loneliness and individualistic
properties of US culture my cousins and
I communicate through Facebook whatsapp
email sometimes a sense of family
doesn't happen in a day or even a year
but I did take my brother to Miami for
Christmas I don't really know what that
will look like but in 2015 I promised to
figure it out last year I said I would
figure out what kind of formal education
I would need if any for the next phase
in my life I paid for one intro class at
General Assembly which is like this tech
school thing but I never
I literally wasted my money I paid for
it didn't go I just forgot speaking of
money 2015 I would like to make a higher
percentage of my income from freelance
money I dreamed I dreamt so being such a
being a gleam up I did a few sponsored
videos last year through those websites
that matched youtubers with friends and
I would have done more but to be honest
most of the opportunities on those
websites are wack come up on here with a
waist trainer and a fit T yaki bundle
asking you to play some app that don't
nobody care about that's just me but if
you want me to make a video about how
you can go through the process of
getting these sorts of opportunities and
make monies on YouTube leave a comment I
did launch my magical black girl shirts
in the last half of the year and
currently working on opening up an
online store with more merch more
options earring same thing of more
designs thank you so much to all my
internet cousins who purchased a shirt
so use the hashtag on Instagram so I
could see I plan on investing all those
monies back into this channel and all
the fees that go into doing legal
business II type things legal app a trip
or a portion of a trip a sliver a facet
of a trip sponsored by a brand ain't no
brand one sponsor you girl you know was
I not good enough do I not have enough
subscribers for sponsorship to just like
come to you you got to be famous have
your full eyebrows be British but for
the rest of us we need to actively go
after those opportunities and put in the
work necessary to be worthy of them I
made to travel miniseries last year the
first one I collaborated with Elise here
on YouTube to explore this city of
austin and i turned my christmas
vacation with my little brother into a
four-episode travel series boom shot on
my iphone pow
just on personal travel I went to
California for my 25th birthday I'm so
grateful that I got the opportunity to
go to Nigeria
again and work at social media week
Legos in February
believe still I had three huge creative
accomplishments in 2015 after years I
finally launched the magical black girl
t-shirts and 500 of you paid for them
with real currency me and Owens
nonfiction webseries Austin while Black
turned one-years-old we've been working
on telling the story of black people
here in Austin Texas for a year we had
our first public screening we got
interviewed we got our photo taken for
the black Chamber of Commerce and while
it's easy to let my mind wander into how
we could have higher quality meet more
people and be more popular and get
funding I am so proud of us a year on an
idea with tools different minds working
on the same please accomplishment
where's that emoji my calling black
video went viral on for Harriet I made
that video in response to my emotional
reaction to Sandra Bland's death murder
and while I don't think I'll be making
content on those sorts of topics on any
sort of regular basis because I don't
know if my insurance covers therapy I
get emails messages tweets I step into a
black people function and people are
like aren't you to call in black yes I
am the calling black girl however
painful the circumstances were
surrounding that video there's a certain
like fulfillment and magic bat comes
knowing that you helped your people
articulate something yeah whoa okay
that's it so 2016 we push forward you
didn't sing in the comments I'm with
paragraphs okay I want to know what you
did in 2015 you might have said it
already on another video but you didn't
tell me
you tell me I look forward to your
comments and I'll see you on the
internet somewhere bye
