this is me explaining how my assumption
about Little Haiti set us up for
disappointment but I'll get to that
later first good morning Miami hey
YouTube world it's me Evelyn
it is Friday morning and stings still
asleep it's like 8 o'clock 9 o'clock in
the morning I'm awake but he's not going
to wait for a couple hours so if you
live near Beach I don't understand why
you wouldn't spend every morning here I
feel like this is my breakfast I just
need to like the Sun and I'm good you
know do you know you see a reflecting do
you see the reflection thanks
according to the internet your Little
Haiti experience should start here the
Little Haiti cultural center so I
thought this was a museum or a place
with other such activities or tours I
was wrong I mean there is a gallery with
a few pieces but think of this space
more like Hawaii with patient pride so
we're in Little Haiti at the cultural
center the Little Haiti cultural center
and we thought it would be just like a
little bit more poppy
they said they had like a market
Caribbean marketplace ghosts the
cultural said I don't know why I thought
it was a museum but it's a ghost but you
know he was my plan at 7 p.m. they have
something called what little big night
this is our big night big night in
Little Haiti a block party situation bet
I love those things so I said let's hit
there by to hang out in the neighborhood
do all the amazing things our to do been
hit up the spot at saving might say you
we got four hours and I don't know what
we don't
the amazing stuff lasted 15 minutes
feeling a bit discouraged he drove back
to a neighborhood when in doubt
visiting a neighborhood when everyone is
probably at work our mistakes so we
drove back big night in Little Haiti
held every third Friday of the month it
was pretty packed the music was on point
literally 100% of the time and I didn't
record most of it even if you post up on
the wall and just people watch you'll
have a good time
if you're from Miami and you have any
suggestions about what else we could
have done in that area leave a comment
if you don't like the stuffiness of
museums when wood walls is perfect for
you for some perspective it's only ten
minutes south of Little Haiti it's
outdoors it's free colorful and contains
life-size murals by artists from around
the world basically the stuff Instagram
dreams are made up this is my favorite
one the surrounding blocks in the
Wynwood area are just as colorful take a
walk
take it in I suggest walking a few
blocks away from Wynwood Walls if you
don't want to have a 45-minute wait time
at any given restaurant though this
place was pretty good wood woods an
interesting area because it's obviously
the hood but people with cash to blow
are now enticed by the colorful coffee
shops galleries on every street corner
so we'll see what happens in the years
to come back in North Beach I realized
one of Anthony Bourdain's
recommendations with blocks from our
house meets lappa dadada Edgar hot dogs
with magical toppings or nauseating
clear to both I recommend buying a
couple and sharing them to get the full
Edgar experience it's messy its cheesy
it's potato chippy sometimes but what I
was most excited for was the Edgar
special it's a dessert hot dog here
that's whipped cream that's pineapple
jelly fruits all on top of a hot dog why
you ask I mean the whipped cream tastes
Mario okay I'm gonna have to use a fork
like that shouldn't be go
but it is higher
will ending for dinner open drink we
walked back home at a hotdog wasted
stupor satisfied and prepared for our
last day in Miami next video you'll see
is the final vlog in the series thanks
for watching and I'll see you on the
internet somewhere bye
