see when I told you see you on the
internet somewhere I meant what I said
and I said what I meant if that's clean
laundry by the way don't tell me hey
YouTube world it's me Evelyn on my
Twitter on my Instagram
even on my Facebook page which I don't
even really use I did launch my magical
black girl t-shirts on teespring
approximately three weeks ago and you
now have until December 2nd to make your
purchase I'm announcing it here if you
follow me everywhere else on the
Internet's you would have known that ok
this is just a mock-up this is not the
actual t-shirt you'll be getting but the
design is is the same the brand of
t-shirt is just different so this is
what it looks like really simple you
know magical black girl trademark you're
insane they come in short sleeve and
long sleeve they're black only and all
the sizing and all that information is
on the website shipping is done through
teespring and yes it is domestic US and
also international so you have until
December 2nd to make your purchase on
teespring comm slash magical black girl
and then the shirts go away after that
you won't be able to buy them after
December 2nd and the shirts will get
printed and shipped to you you can't
expect to receive them before Christmas
all the shipping information is on the
website for your viewing pleasure work I
will then figure out which just create a
store but that requires you know a
little bit more you know saying the
legalities you're seeing taxes hearing
saying cuz you're not gonna Wesley snipe
me that's what you're not gonna do I'm
not gonna get Wesley Snipes before 26
patience is a virtue and in the meantime
you have like two days left to purchase
your magical black girl t-shirts so yeah
I hope that you make your purchase buy
it for the magical black girl in your
life or drop some serious hints to
someone who should get this for you
thank you for your support
oh I'm not mere trifling cousin I know
it I don't always be around but you know
when you need me
I got you know he may not come when you
won't huh but I'm all but I'll always be
right on time December 2nd which is
Wednesday it's the last day to buy your
magical black girl shirts and then
they're for now and if your size is not
available I apologize and I will you
know feel free to shoot me an email all
the information in the video description
box or you can leave a comment you can
tweet me even instaglam me you can tell
me what sizes you're looking for and I
will work on that that is my promise to
you hey my wad is my bone so I will see
you on the internet somewhere bye
