hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn and I'm
Hollies and I don't know what the rest
of this was gonna be that was as far as
I thought oh my god I got it guys
I got you're gonna be like hi and I'm
gonna be like hi and then we're gonna be
like wow what a month it's been face of
all it's me I won and I'm police and
this month you've seen three episodes
police and I ooh in a boot in Austin and
Mike mr. rounding areas we've done a
couple like travel experience type vlog
be blogs we went to Hamilton pool that
was fun there's a lot of water yes it's
cold
wheezing yeah we went to farmers market
that's near to where we live exactly
it's just to grab a few things used to
be out and about and then we had a
gastronomic gastronomical gastro
catalyzed go taste food tantalize your
taste buds and it took you to boo do
doughnuts which recently opened here in
Austin and it was a delight mmm or was
it we enjoyed making these videos it was
a lot of fun collaborating with Evelyn
and yeah we just want to know what you
all think of them did you all enjoy them
if so let us know in the comments below
yeah so give those videos and this video
a thumbs up y'all not never anything
this will really let us know if you
enjoyed those types of videos leave
comments for suggestions on types of
experiences you want us to vlog about
they're really looking forward to your
feedback and that will help us figure
out whether
I knew we could maybe quite possibly
decide to make a new channel and you
know what that means the two of us who
are very non-committal with our YouTube
channel will take on another and
possibly become semi committal to a
specific YouTube channel that would
feature the both of us you know just
being out here yeah as magical beings
so yeah let's know and I'll see you when
I see
