are you old every day good you have any
pets no all right no glass containers no
public display of alcohol we are
swimming today no lifeguard on duty swim
at your own risk be $15 all right I'll
be very baggage permit Thank You
Hamilton oh hell no trekking
professional she's here are you in vans
or kids like fake kids I call them babe
it's other than your faces stay down
stay down
Hamilton Pool she giving you Antarctica
giving you displace Africa yeah
what are the people like this water I
think she said 65 straight why like I do
not believe that in the slightest all
right so we just finished taking a dip
show me she swam my kind of life existed
as we just finished out the water and
now we're sunbathing
you know this I can do this this is me
ooh work it limestone so because police
is an explorer she's a botanist and an
explorer but she knows what this is what
is this so it's a native text plant
that's like in the same plant family as
bay leaf so when you take it and you
like crack it open like so it smells
very good and you could cook with it if
you want to mmm nature yeah so we're
beginning the truck out of Hamilton pool
and back to the parking lots um police
is discovering plants in God's creation
all the way made it to the parking lot
little winded this is tiny bit winded
we're gonna find somewhere to eat now
yeah yay
right so after a healthful meal at Whole
Foods we're headed home yeah to Austin
Austin so it's about how long as it's
awesome Google Maps is saying 30 minutes
30 minutes
Austin it's like 3:30 quick little day
trip you can do this you can do this you
can do this hopefully we've showed you
