hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn this
video is about my complete hair color
transformation from purple to red so I
had purple hair for most of 2015 I
rocked it in various shades allowed it
to fade sometimes and sometimes I
refreshed the purple hair color but once
I was ready to make a hair color change
I decided to fade my hair as much as
humanly possible
I used soft bait shampoos vitamin C wash
my hair with hot water all the things
you're not supposed to do with color
treated hair then it was time to bleach
my roots and start completely over I
recently posted that video so click the
annotation to check it out I let my
bleached hair rest for about a week and
then I purchased Manic Panic in the
color infrared I was trying to be fancy
so I also bought a high on color
brilliance in magenta plastic bowl
applicator brush gloves shower cap and
clips the usual lineup of hair dye tools
so let's get started use coconut oil or
vaseline or hair grease to prevent the
dye from staining your skin if this is
your first time dyeing your hair use the
product directions as a guide I was
going for a pinkish red which looking
back doesn't even really make sense
uh-hum so to be honest I'm just mixing
colors all willy-nilly
I have no recipe no concept no method to
the madness girl the consistency was
still a bit too thick for me so I added
a couple squirts of conditioner to thin
it out a little bit it's at this moment
that I realized just how obnoxious the
haircolor is I was saying something
about Ronald McDonald so naturally that
means I add even more magenta girl what
I don't even know what I was going
through like honestly I don't know what
was going through my mind at that moment
and once I saw the color on my hair it
really set in that I'm about to be out
here looking like the nappy headed
Keyshia Cole but we've journeyed all
this way so let's keep going just keep
dividing your hair into sections and
applying the color as thoroughly as
possible
it's easy to miss spots so please take
your time
once I applied all the guy I went back
in one more time and really raked the
color through my hair I'm talking
thorough like I'm out here trying to
recreate a natural 85 wash and go I even
found more spots that I missed the first
time around
once you're done gather all your hair to
the top of your head grab a shower cap
or plastic bag and let it marinate for
at least 30 minutes rinse with cold
water until the water runs clear and
these are my results manic panics
formula feels like I just gave myself a
really good deep conditioning treatment
I love the way it makes my hair feel
when I rinse it out calls popping no
dryness honestly it took me a week to
get over the shock of how bright my hair
is I look like an anime I look like
those troll dolls and clear always had
on living single but you know what I'm
excited to see how this hair color
changes and fades as my roots grow out
hope this helped and I'll see you on the
internet somewhere bye
