hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn and
this video is sponsored by my beauty
beads and target so target aka tarjay
aka heaven sent me a box of their fall
faves these six products were in
target's fall beauty box but of course
they're actually available in Target
year-round first of all in the comments
below let me know if you knew that
target had a beauty box whatever wait a
little bit
second of all review time it was really
one product in the box of targets fall
faves that I really gravitated towards
one products I've been using this whole
time and that is the Jane Carter
solution revitalizing leave-in
conditioner
y'all know last month is my birthday
birthday I had marley twists havana
twist I was looking fresh but little did
y'all know my scalp was on fire so I
needed a little something something to
calm my scalp down and that's what this
was I love spray leave ins from my
loosen actual hair anyway but spray
leave-in conditioners are also great if
you wear braids and twists and your
scalp is exposed
I remember braids sprays from Beauty
Supply stores back in the day I mean
they still exist you know I like to
think of this how second upgraded
version a more natural version for your
natural hair first five water aloe vera
extract comfrey extract water Kris
extract and myrrh as in old little town
of Bethlehem
yeah it has rosemary in the horse tail
which are both grand greetings for your
scalp it's softening moisturizing has a
little bit of slip to it but it's not
sticky and it doesn't leave a buildup
and something to note is that it says
it's great for protecting hair from heat
styling
and the Sun I used it for my scalp so my
scalp was soothed although was exposed
to the harsh Texas sunrays I also liked
that on the back it says its haircolor
safe as you can see a little goes a long
way you just need a couple sprays it's
you're good there's countless
rejuvinated replenished nourished and
now I'm beginning to test this on my
loose natural hair overall this is a win
if you've got the target beauty box let
me know what you thought about this
product if you can even just go into
target and gotten this part a fight so
let me know what you think in the
comments below and I will see you on the
internet somewhere bye
