hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn coming
to you from my 80 degree apartment what
a smattering of you have asked what I do
to my skin to keep it so glistening and
the real answer is I'm literally
perspiring right now like I'm sweating
that's the shine you see that's sweat
I'm sweating but I did want to make a
video and show you all the products I
use because y'all know my motto stay
greased up so that's why I brought out
the collarbone for y'all you know I
brought out that shoulder blade product
number one exfoliating gloves leave the
wash rags we off that now we don't do
all rags anymore slip them on like
regular gloves you lather it up in your
hands or you pour the body wash and you
get to scrubbing work on that clavicle
exfoliation work on that elbow you know
we all got them going right the elbows
inside because you have your full
dexterity you're really able to like get
everywhere that you need to get
everything will just take better to your
skin if you keep it smooth and buffed
next thing that I use to stay greased up
our body oils now you can DIY your own
which is what this is here all you do is
oh do you see it reflect just bouncing
from from my table to your eyeballs or
you can pay a black robe beauty brand to
DIY it for you Bolden Shea oil so the
black girls behind this black girl
beauty brand are Nigerian and my West
Africans this does create singing just
luxurious and luxurious teens the only
ingredients in here are shea butter oil
vitamin E and essential fragrance oils
and the sweet vanilla the fragrance
admittedly doesn't really linger that
long which is nice if you also wear
perfumes if you see how the light
reflecting do you see if you like that
then you're like this you can also use
it for your hair I haven't used it for
that purpose look like the loc method or
whatever
but I use it solely for my skin aside
from being available on Bouldin usa.com
it is available on Amazon I do the same
thing with the bolding shade oil that I
do with the DIY when I'm in the shower
wait for the oil on rub it in and just
like my whole body be looking like one
of Serena's thighs and that's really the
only goal if you don't like using those
exfoliating gloves use a body scrub this
is by far my favorite Shea Moisture
lemongrass and ginger hand and body
scrub it says it's purifying and
uplifting and that's what I feel you
know I'm saying I feel like go Appa lay
in a forest closer to my dreams you know
what I'm saying I use scrubs after I
cleanse my body some people use them
before I don't really know which way
you're supposed to do it but it's like
soft to the touch just like it's like
wet sand the next product that I use to
stay greased up is also by shea moisture
manuka honey and before oil infused
shave body butter look at that oh it
smells like if I was one of the three
wise men I would give this to the baby
Jesus it's giving me o little town of
Bethlehem ancient African civilization
only problem I have which is why I often
use the Bolden and the DIY oils it's not
like a whipped butter it's pure shea
butter like I have to scrape it with my
thumb so it's getting really hot I'm
gonna end the video right here I've been
flexing a little too hard starting to
break a sweat if you have any brands I
should be checking out let me know in
the comments below and if you feel like
you know tagging me in your clavicle
selfies and Instagram do it use the
hashtag stay greased up and I'm looking
forward to your collar bones okay see
you on the internet somewhere bye
