hello my lovelies it's addy here welcome
back to my channel so today we're going
to be doing a makeup haul full face
first impressions makeup tutorial type
of video it's a jam-packed video today
because I'm super excited to show you
guys all of the stuff I got from BH
Cosmetics BH Cosmetics is not something
that's sold here and the Philippines so
I had to have it shipped all the way
from the US so special shout out to my
friend Steven thank you so so much
without you I would not have my BH
Cosmetics right now before we get into
the video don't forget to subscribe to
my channel and to click that
notification bell so you can become one
of my lovelies so if you would like to
check out all the stuff I got from BH
Cosmetics and of course a makeup
tutorial on this look right here just
keep on watching the first thing I got
is this Carli bybel palette it is a 21
color eyeshadow and highlighter palette
this is actually the reason I even went
to BH Cosmetics I am such a fan of Carli
bybel I watch all of her videos and when
she came up with the palette I just
wanted to get one for myself but I never
got around to doing it until she told me
that this was the last three stop of
this palette so I had no choice but to
order it then and there Carli bybel
deluxe pilot actually retails for $22
but I got it on sale for $14 after I
added this to my cart I got lost in the
sales section and then I just kept
adding and adding stuff to my cart so
that's how I ended up buying so much and
that's why I'm doing a haul video for
you guys next up I got the BH lip set
and passionate pink they created a
bundle with their different types of
lipstick this one right here is the BH
liquid lipstick long wearing matte
lipstick in the shade princess this one
is the luxe liqueur vivid color lipstick
in the shade Vampira cherry this one is
the BH liquid lipstick long wearing
matte lipstick and tabatha this one is
the BH metallic liquid lipstick long
wearing matte lipstick in the shade
this last one is the color lock
long-lasting matte lipstick in the shade
these are the lipstick swatch so this is
princess champagne cherry tabatha Agatha
and charming this passionate pinks lip
set costs $14.99 I think that's not so
bad considering I get five shades but
I'm a bit worried about luxe look or its
cracking inside there's a lot of empty
space I don't know if that makes it
worth it
metal liquid lipsticks watched on me
really watery I don't know if that's
something liquid lipsticks are supposed
to be I shook it before swatching so I
don't understand why it was watery right
now I am wearing princess on my lips
next up I got this a total coverage
concealer this is the BH Studio Pro
total coverage concealer it has 13 grams
of product I also got this one on sale
for 389 I also got the BH liquid
foundation and naturally flawless in the
shade ivory beige I actually really like
the package it's very minimalist and it
doesn't look or feel cheap this look at
foundation was on sale for five point
$84 so I think that's pretty cheap I
also got the BH Studio Pro matte finish
pressed powder I am in the shade number
two one five there's a mirror and of
course the powder and there's also a
space for your sponge the sponge is
actually really saw this pressed powder
was on sale for five dollars and 19
cents I also got this illuminate by
Ashley Tisdale cream cheap and lip tint
this is in the shade cocoa I was
actually pleasantly surprised with this
I didn't think I'd actually like the
shades I got this one on sale for two
dollars and fifty cents the last thing I
got is this shade and defined duo brow
pencil in the shade brunette on one side
you have a very skinny eyebrow pencil
and on the other side you have a thicker
triangle one that's it for all this
stuff I got from BH Cosmetics now I'm
going to be showing you guys how to use
all those products to create this makeup
look right here let's start it off with
primer this is the la girl pro prep HD
high definition
smoothing face primer this is absolutely
my current favorite face primer I wasn't
able to get primer from BH Cosmetics so
let's just go with this one for
foundation I'm going to be using this VH
liquid foundation and naturally flawless
I've actually never tried BH foundation
on before so I'm super excited for this
one
I'm gonna be doing one pump nothing's
coming out so that's how it looks like
it actually doesn't smell like anything
which I think it's a really good thing
if I go like those chemical smelling
things I'm going to be using my favorite
foundation brush to apply this all over
my face
I have one layer foundation on the right
side of my face this foundation feels
great on the skin and it really even got
my skin tone and even offset some of the
redness that I have all over my face so
I think that's great as well
this is absolutely medium coverage which
is something I expected to get from
unnaturally flawless type of foundation
so I'm actually really liking it it has
a very natural finish which i think is
great it's not too matte and it's not
too dewy so I think it's perfect balance
and it doesn't feel heavy at all which
is something I really look for in
foundation I have one layer of
foundation on my face so now I'm gonna
see if it's actually a buildable
foundation added a second layer to the
right side of my face that I have to say
this is actually a very buildable
foundation and it doesn't look cakey or
anything which i think is great so you
can keep piling on more layers based on
how much coverage you actually want it
still has that natural finish which i
think is great overall I'm really liking
this foundation it's definitely
something I'd go for for a more everyday
makeup look
now onto concealer this is the BH Studio
Pro total coverage concealer I'm in the
shade number 100 this is how the
applicator looks like it's actually
something I've never tried before so
let's see that's a lot
I put too much good sealer on my face I
wanted to use the concealer to highlight
the high points of my face I basically
concealed my entire face don't do that
don't worry about it we can fix this up
later when we put bronzer I'm not such a
fan of this concealer the coverage is
just not enough for me and it just
emphasizes my pores so much like if you
guys look closely I can see all of my
pores my dry skin it just it emphasizes
it which really sucks I wish it did it I
wish I just stuck to the foundation and
then that's it but I had to try out this
concealer and that's what happened the
texture of my skin and my pores are more
emphasized now that I put concealer I
really regret putting too much but you
know what let's just go with it
let's see what else is gonna happen with
all the other products I do really like
this applicator it just felt so good
under my eyes like it felt like I was
putting a roller ball under my eyes
which is really great and I think it's
also good for the under eye it doesn't
pull or tug on the under eye which is
also a good thing
now we're gonna be trying the BH Studio
Pro matte finish pressed powder I went
for a pressed powder and not a loose
powder because I generally use pressed
powder more than loose powder unless I
plan on baking
now I'm gonna be taking this loose
powder brush to set the rest my face I
am really loving this powder it set my
face beautifully and it even blurred out
the texture that muck the concealer
emphasized so I think that's such a
great thing because I was so worried
about it but now it actually looks
better and it also added a bit of color
to my face and also it feels really
light and smooth on the skin it's just a
very comfortable powder which is
something I look for in everyday makeup
products moving on to brows this is the
BH Studio Pro shade and define duo brow
pencil so I am in the shade brunette so
I'm gonna start with the smaller more
defined one to shape out my brows
I am loving as this duo bell pencil I
actually wish I ordered so much more of
it because it just performs so well it
goes on really smoothly and I love that
it has the bigger one and the smaller
one it just made things so much easier
the formula is really great too because
it it goes on really well and put
together but it's not super waxy most of
the eyebrow pencils I've tried they're
very very waxy it makes it harder to
cover up especially my scars on this
eyebrow but it's one glides on like a
powder but it's so much more pigment
that even the shade of it matches my
hair perfectly so i SuperDuper love it I
can't wait to use this so much more and
I want to buy more already and this is
just my first time trying it out now
we're gonna move on to the eyes I'm
gonna be using my Carli bybel palette I
really really don't want to use it but I
want to try it as well I just you know I
don't want to mess it up I am so excited
for this I've waited for this for about
a month now it's finally here and now I
can use it this is how the palette looks
like inside it's actually such a
beautiful palette and I'm so excited to
use it I actually see Carly use this
palette a lot so I'm so happy I have it
in my hands right now it's actually
everything I thought it would be it's so
sorry Oh holding it at my hands right
now so let's do an eye look I love that
there's a big nerd here right here we
have 7 matte shades and 8 metallic
shades and over here they're just all
metallic and highlight kids I'm gonna
start it off with this cream color Ike
here I'm just going to set my eye
there's actually a lot of kick back so
just be careful with that I'm gonna use
this color right here as the transition
color we'll just add this to my crease
now I'm gonna try out this light brown
matte shade
now I'm gonna go for the darkest Brown
right here
now I'm gonna be putting this metallic
pink on my lid this is how the eyeshadow
looks applied dries and I'm gonna try
applying it with my mac fix+
spritz I applied the eyeshadow dry on my
right eye and I applied it wet on my
left I actually like the wet version so
much more so I think I'm gonna do the
same to the right eye
I'm really loving this eyeshadow on my
lid I thought it would just be hot pink
but it actually has fluxes of gold in it
with just such a beautiful mix so it's
pink and gold metallic so I think it
looks really pretty now I'm gonna be
adding this creamy matte shade to define
my brows now I'm going to be using at
this color right here to highlight now
I'm going to be taking this dark brown
shade on my under eyes
I'm also gonna be adding this metallic
Brown to the bottom of my lashes that's
it for the eyes I made a brown smokey
eye with metallic pink and gold on the
lid I actually really like how this look
turned out I really like this palette I
love the combination of colors and I
love that it's a mix of matte and
metallic shades my only problem with it
is there's a lot of kick back especially
with the matte shades so just be careful
with that but other than that I love
everything about it I love the color
selection I love the feel of the shadows
on my eyes it's also very pigmented even
though there's a fallback it blends out
really easily I had no problems at all
so this is definitely something I'm
gonna be reaching for over and over
again I didn't get any mascara or
bronzer so I'm just gonna be doing that
off-camera for mascara I used my
voluminous million lashes mascara for
bronzer I used my ever balana advanced
blush duo in rosy heat now I'm gonna be
adding a blush I'm gonna be using the
illuminate by Ashley Tisdale cream cheek
and lip tint let's add this to my cheek
I really like this cheek and lip tint it
starts out very creamy but once you
apply it to your face
it dries down to a matte finish which I
think it's great because it's basically
a cream that turns into a powder it also
blends out really easily so this is
definitely something I'm gonna go for
again now I'm gonna be highlighting my
face with this shade right here that's a
nice rose gold highlight look at that
glow I didn't even apply it wet or
anything actually I'm gonna try that
it's so much more intense when you apply
it wet but I'm actually liking how both
sides look
now it's time for a lipstick I have so
many choices since my eyes are already
very pink I've got to be going for a
more neutral lip color this one is the
color lock long-lasting matte lipstick
in the shades and charming I absolutely
really like the packaging it's very
girly so this is how the lipstick looks
like it's a very new dish pink type of
color so I think it was a break with
this look I don't like the shade of
lipstick with today's look so I'm gonna
be changing it out but I'm loving the
formula I think it's a great matte
lipstick it's a very pigmented it's so
comfortable it does emphasize the
texture of my lips though now I'm gonna
be trying out the BH liquid lipstick
long wearing matte lipstick in the shade
capita hopefully this one matches the
look this lip color is so much better
than the first one but I think it's
still too pink I'm gonna try to tone
this down with the cream cheek and lip
tint so let's see if this works out not
I'm just gonna erase it again I think
it's working it's making it less neon
pink now I'm gonna be setting my face
with the mac fix+
this is the finished look this is my
full face using BH Cosmetics overall I'm
really liking all of the products that I
got there's just a few that I wouldn't
ever use again like the concealer I
don't think I'm gonna reach for that
again because it really just emphasized
the texture of my skin and it's not
something I want emphasized on my face
also some of the lipsticks I think the
shades are just not from me but the
formula itself I think it's pretty good
especially for the price these are my
favorite products from this haul I
the duo brow pencil it's just such a big
product it's so easy to apply it it just
looks so great that I will definitely
use this one so much more I also like
the illuminate by Ashley Tisdale cream
cheek and lip tint I just loved it so
much on my cheeks has such a natural
flush to it and also when I topped it
off on my lips and also gave it such a
great color so this is something I'll
definitely use especially for everyday
use and of course this one is my
favorite of all favorites this is the
Carli bybel palette this is such a great
palette there are so many things you can
do with this so many different looks and
it's also great that it's both a
highlighter and an eyeshadow palette so
that's also something I love about it
but I just have this one palette that I
can do so much with my face my only
problem with this is the fallout the
pigmentation on this is great I love the
color selection and it's so easy to
blend out so that's why this is my
favorite one of all I also really love
the packaging not that packaging matters
with performance of Prada on the outside
it looks like a luxurious pillow on the
inside it's just marbled out all the way
and it just looks so luxurious you'd
never think I've paid fourteen dollars
for this overall I really like the
products I got from BH Cosmetics I think
that there were hits and there were
misses but there were of course for hips
I like most of the products which is
great and of course the price point is
very affordable so that's also one of
the reasons why I went from BH Cosmetics
weighing the price of the products
versus the quality I think you get so
much more for your money because they're
good quality products at low prices
that's it for this video thank you guys
so so much for watching and don't forget
to Like comment and subscribe to my
channel and I'll see you guys on my next
video
