I am a weirdo and I'm not afraid to
admit that I know I'm different I know
that the way I view the world is so
weird it's just it's just so different
and a lot of people don't understand me
they just don't get it
and even something as simple as the way
I talk
a lot of people make fun of the way I
talk especially back in high school than
college people would look at me and say
uh why do you talk in this way it's so
gross you know and to me it was just but
this is the way I thought I I don't
really think I can change the way I talk
and why would I want to it doesn't it
doesn't even make sense to me and it
took me a while to realize and to really
fully accept the situation but I managed
to accept every little thing about
myself I managed to accept that I'm such
a weirdo I'm so different I talk super
weird I I don't like the same things as
a lot of people do and you know what
that's okay I mean I am so tired of
trying to fit in and I really did try I
genuinely tried to understand other
people and understand what they like and
how it works but it just it was just so
hard because it wasn't me
and it's a very exhausting to try to be
someone else and to just do it for other
people I mean who cares about them who
cares about other people I mean so what
if people don't get you and they make
fun of you and they just won't be your
friend and they don't like you in the
end it really doesn't matter
that's ultimately what I learned from
this entire adventure of accepting that
I'm a weirdo is it really doesn't matter
at the end of the day it's your life and
it's up to you to decide who you're
gonna keep in your life and why in the
world would you keep people who you know
don't get you and who don't even like
you why would you keep them in your life
you see yeah this doesn't make sense
so I think slowly I realize that this
doesn't matter
trying to fit in them not liking me them
not getting me it's just that's just
what happens sometimes they don't get
you you don't get them and that's fine
it's perfectly fine because the thing
that matters the most is you get
yourself and that's all anyone can
really ask for
