don't tell people what to do they're not
gonna listen and they're just not gonna
do it the way you see a situation is
completely different from how other
people are gonna be seeing the situation
because the other person is actually in
the situation and you are viewing it
from a third-party perspective so of
course your viewpoints are gonna be
completely different
now the reason a lot of people go to
other people for advice is because it's
a natural way that they deal with
problems they just look for other people
to express it to and talk to them about
it but they're actually not really
looking for advice even if they do ask
for your advice I think you'll notice
that no one actually follows the advice
you give them because people asking for
advice is actually their way of talking
about their situation and expressing
what they're feeling and then it's kind
of their way of putting it out there and
really seeing what people think about it
and everyone's opinion on it but it
doesn't necessarily mean that they're
going to follow your advice on it it's
really just them putting their feelings
out there and then just letting a lie I
think that's part of everyone's process
especially with big problems so I
understand why people would go to other
people seeking advice but at the same
time they don't really follow it because
deep inside they they already know what
to do and they also know that no one
else can come up with a solution but
themselves so it's completely
understandable that people go to you for
advice but they don't actually follow it
I know you know what I'm talking about
I'm sure there are a lot of people in
your life who go you for advice but just
don't follow it in the end I've actually
experienced this a lot with my friends
they go to me for advice they confide in
me and then I give the best advice I can
possibly come up with for their
situation and
they just don't do it and it frustrates
me a lot but at the same time I
understand why because there's no way
they're gonna take my advice on
something because they know that it's
their situation and they're the only
ones who can really engage the best way
to deal with their own situation but
I've also experienced people coming to
me after a while and saying I actually
found a solution to my problem and your
advice was spot-on I should have just
listened to you but you know what I
realized also that that's not the case
all the time like just because someone
said something and it turned out to be
true that doesn't necessarily mean that
that's the best solution I think the
best solution to every problem is really
for you to just experience the solution
yourself it's completely different when
someone tells you what to do versus you
discovering what the right thing to do
is I think really trying things out and
discovering things on your own it's the
best way to really learn and not just
taking in other people's advice and just
you know relying on other people to tell
you what to do I think the best way to
deal with any situation is just to
really think about it I mean voice it
out to other people if you really need
to I'm really considering all the
possibilities and what's best for you
and then just going with that decision
and just learning from it and even if
you don't get it right the first time
you will get it right eventually and I
think that's the most important thing
don't tell people what to do let them
discover it for themselves
