I just want to give a special shout out
to all of my bullies you know who you
are thank you so much for every single
thing you did to me because it made me
such a strong person that when life
threw me curveballs and hardships I just
handled it and thank you for making me
realized at such an early age that I am
different and this is something I
started to accept about myself and I
managed to embrace it so thank you for
making me realize all of those things
without you
it wouldn't have been possible to
everyone out there who are being bullied
I want you to know that you're not alone
there are so many people in your life
that you can confide in and they express
what you're feeling - and they are there
to help you you just have to choose to
let them help you and allow them to help
you get through this I also want you to
remember that when people bully you it's
more of a reflection of them than it is
a view bullies are actually very
insecure people that lash out on other
people in order to get a certain
fulfillment and I think I know it's very
hard but I think the best way to deal
with bullies is not to ignore it I know
a lot of people say that you should just
ignore it they're gonna stop eventually
I don't think this is the best way to
handle this
also violence is not the answer so don't
even go there but I think there is a
peaceful way to resolve this kind of
issue because usually people bully you
because of something that's going on in
their own lives so if you just find a
way to talk to your bully and just
figure out what the problem is exactly
and you know resolve it I think you can
actually become friends because there is
a reason that this person is insecure
and then they pick you to target this
insecurity - so I think if you just take
the time to be sensitive and really
understand where they are coming from I
think you can really solve this issue
once and for all so once again violence
is not the answer I don't want you guys
to you know start a brawl or anything
but it's very important also that you
defend yourself
don't just let people bully you
hurt you say mean things about you if
you don't defend yourself nothing's
gonna happen no one is gonna swoop in
and save you it's really up to you how
you're gonna handle all of these
negative things in your life and if you
don't face it head-on you're never gonna
learn you're always gonna run from
things you're always gonna ignore your
problems and this is not something that
you want to learn so I think the best
thing to do is to really learn from
being bullied and allow it to make you a
stronger person and also allow it to
make you a more sensitive person by
really considering what the other person
is feeling and understanding the reason
behind them being a bully don't let the
world tell you who you are you tell them
