hi I'm a deal more and I was
cyberbullying actually I still am I am a
beauty vlogger and this is something I
experienced all the time I was bullied
back in grade school high school and
surprisingly even in college people
would make fun of every single thing
about me everything that made me
different they would make fun of the way
I talked the way I look how skinny I was
how sharp my jaw is people would even
call me
Bernardo and they would even stay away
from me because they think that my jaw
is so sharp I can hurt them they
wouldn't even hug me sometimes and I
know they were just teasing but you know
it hurt when I graduated college I
thought this was all over because
there's no way that people would care
enough in the real world to just
continue to be immature and bully you
but I was wrong actually I remember this
was two years ago I posted my first
video on YouTube it's like everything
just got worse I thought I left this
whole bullying world behind but I think
it just it just followed me there and
before but people would believe me they
would attack the way I look the way I
talk and that's exactly what people on
YouTube would also say about me and I
distinctly remember a lot of different
comments like there was a girl who
commented about my teeth because I don't
have a straight his teeth in the world
so her comment was why are your teeth so
dumb
and I remember thinking I don't think my
teeth are that bad I mean the way people
talk about you and the things they
notice it's it's pretty terrible you
know I could have easily retaliated I
could have treated them the way they
treated me I could have left me in
comments and just said so many mean
things about them posted on their wall
but I didn't I didn't want to be that
person I didn't want my channel to be a
place of negativity I I wanted I just
wanted love sometimes the world just
needs a little more love a little more
understanding so that everyone just gets
to know each other better and that's
what I would love to keep doing
hello I am Dana I am a cyberbully yes I
am a sports and music person but aside
from that so I pray Baba I love watching
online videos about vloggers doing
reviews on makeups and be the products
oh I'm a writer
okay well now having a relationship and
just really a fan of her you my videos
yeah you especially you Divisoria halia
divine 800 business sobre panda laguna
pero
mayor of one Dana a Libyan sovereign and
I mean an ER e co mama ho that means in
a survey when I do belong Goguen was
selected and Abajo another union source
of income nominee nada even the next
partner Marin whom they go on him again
an weird nominal opinion r10 ammonium
oxalate a candida mention a new video
Mufasa at a Metallica
Hanako mean
okay
unpalatable I'm on your horn Yamuna man
saguru mental Agana Nagini entire san
invokana lunch angry noir if I could
take back time and even Alan Chicago
been and sobbing Alan and I saw any
offenses he says so that patella no one
should make fun of
um I'd be I'm very sorry for the
meaningful comments so brown sorry
telega Alamo Sabrina - Thomas among our
videos more so Brown inspiration laughs
and agra india : company home accessory
pero
I hope the matan√ßa Puerto Rico just
remember that you're very talented
inspiring and you are pretty just the
way you are I hope not
you don't let anyone bring you down and
just continue to be an inspiration for
everyone
I'd be sorta Naga
the sorry okay I know what the real
sorry
I want you guys to remember that you are
beautiful on the inside and on the
outside and once you realize that within
yourself there is nothing anyone can do
or say to change that to the other
people out there if you know someone
with lonely or trouble
get to know them share the love that you
have if everybody will make extra effort
to understand and care for each other
there will be less movies
you
you
