this is my friend Veronica I am so so
super proud of her because she never
gives up
matters she's actually auditioning for a
TV show right now and how many times
have you auditioned for distinguished oh
there right there you go I want to my
fourth so you're gonna be auditioning
one more time yes okay with anymore I
mean why are you doing this what if you
fail over and over again
besides being crazy I'm also really
SuperDuper relentless and I keep doing
it because every time I go at it even if
I don't know what the outcome is gonna
be it gets me closer and closer to
understanding what they need what I need
to change what I need to keep and you
know what this is also great because
this is also a path of self-discovery
for you because every time you ignition
every time you try you figure out
something about yourself and then you
take that loop learning and then you
apply it to the next time you do it and
I think that's something very valuable
it's something that a lot of people
don't consider but the more you do it
the more you try and no matter how many
times you feel you still win something
you gain experience and I think that's
the most important thing and you don't
want term admissions it's one of them
here at Metro Manila she's six hours
away three hours away it's crazy idea in
yourself
every omission is like at least 12 hours
yes you're willing to go through this
over and over again until you finally
get in yeah and even if I don't get it
it's fine I don't feel like I lost
anything I feel that the time and the
energy I invested really has a return in
terms of what I write about myself you
know what that's something I want all of
you to really take away from this never
ever give up even if for example
Veronica auditions 100 times and doesn't
get in every single time I think she's
still a winner because every single time
she doesn't get in is a time that she
actually gains experience again solid
micromedex yeah so it's really all about
self-improvement and you know what if
you don't get in you don't get in but if
she does get into a show like when you
finally get into any show then you're
going to take this whole trying has to
be with you so what you do booked a show
you're never gonna give up you're always
gonna perform better and you're going to
perform at your best because you tried
so many times and now number polished
you're perfect and you will perform the
best way possible and I think that's the
most important thing to really just try
an experience and then keep doing it I
do I do you think I'm gonna bleed and
like for every no that you get it's you
saying yes to learning something new so
I think just for that than every single
try whether it was successful or not
he's working yeah so that's a lesson I
want you guys to learn today never give
up even if you lose you so win you'll be
an experience and that will help you
become so much better as a person
