so yes I am one of those people who
steal the centerpieces at weddings
that's me hello my lovelies it's Abby
here welcome back to my channel so today
we're going to be doing something I've
never ever tried before we're gonna be
making rosewater recently I've been
seeing a lot of people using rosewater
they swear by it they spray it all over
their face rosewater has a lot of
benefits it's great for the skin it
makes more vibrant it can be used as a
toner it moisturizes it makes it smell
good there's just so many many things
that rosewater can do for you so that is
why I've decided to try to make my own
rosewater so I've watched tons of tons
of different videos and I came up with
what I think is the easiest way to make
rosewater you guys are probably
wondering why I fell in decided to make
my own rosewater I know it's so super
random like why why don't why don't I
just buy rosewater why am I gonna make
rosewater it's because of this this is a
flower arrangement that I actually stole
from a wedding I attended a few days ago
like I was just sitting there looking at
the centerpiece and I was like wow these
roses are beautiful maybe I could make
rosewater with it I got to because I
wasn't sure how much roses actually
needed more rosewater so I just got to
the farming edit of the video I just
want to remind you guys to subscribe to
my channel all you have to do is to
click that big red button somewhere here
on this page and you will be subscribed
to my channel and you will be notified
about the awesome videos I come up with
if you want to know how I'm gonna turn
these stolen roses into beautiful rose
water that I can spread all over my face
just keep on watching
to make your rose water and the comforts
of your very own home you will need
roses this is the main ingredient if you
don't have this I don't know
what you're gonna do you can get roses
anywhere you can buy them from the
market or you can steal them from your
neighbor or you can do it I did and
steal it from a wedding for this one I'm
using red and white flowers I don't know
I just like the Pombo and these were the
roses that were in the wedding
we will also be needing and distilled
water so I got this one from 7-eleven
it's absolute distilled water it's just
30 pesos there are actually people who
make their own distinct this is way way
easier to do I mean 30 pesos versus my
effort into distilling water and I don't
even know to distill water so yes I just
bought it you'll also be needing a pot
with a clear cover I don't I don't know
it doesn't have to be a clear cover but
I feel like it would be better for your
life if you got a clear cover
you will also be needing a little bowl
that fits right inside your pot you will
see why late take your pot and yes
that's another thing you're gonna need
is a spray bottle to put the final
product in so this is where I'm gonna be
putting my rose water this free bottle
is actually a recycled one this used to
have hand sanitizer in it ha there's
water yeah but I clean it but there's
the water in it so I just washed it
really well and then I dried it and then
now I'm gonna put rose water in it
another thing you're gonna need is a
funnel to transfer the rose water from
the pot to your spray bottle yes the
first thing we need to do is to put the
petals into the pots are gonna put as
much petals as we can in this puppy's
roses have been with me for days they
actually stayed in my room for so long
my room smells like roses it smells
really good but I don't think they will
be alive any longer so I decided to make
the rose water - it's absolutely quite
easy to tear off there's actually a
technique to this just look for the
don't miss them and just twist it out
that parades all the cuddles that's the
easiest way to do it I'm trying to put
as much petals as I can because the more
petals you have the more rose essence
that's going to have roses smell good
this looks like a lot this is actually
quite therapeutic I like doing this
so once you've separated all the petals
this is how it's gonna look like I did a
mix of white and red petals and I hope
so
transferred it to a bigger pot because
it just did not fit anymore
so next up we're gonna be putting
distilled water just be careful not to
put too much water you just want the
petals to be kind of on the surface of
the water and be sure to press it down
there we go I think this is all right so
make sure all of the petals are coated
and water after we've added our water
and we've stuck in as much petals as we
can now we're going to put our little
bowl so this is my little gold
I put it right in the center and then
you take the lid and you put it in
upside down and this is how you can
create condensation and that's gonna
make your rose water good quality so now
I'm gonna take this to the stove and
we're just gonna cook it for 15 to 30
minutes and just until the rose petals
lose their color and then that's when
you know it's ready after boiling the
pedals and the distilled water together
for 15 to 30 minutes or until the petals
lose their color drain out the petals
you can also squeeze the petals a bit to
get more of the liquid out then you just
let the water cool down and then you
take a funnel and then just transfer it
to your spray bottle I spilled rosewater
all over my table but you know what
that's fine most of it just went into
the bottle and I think that's really
important thing this is the finished
product your very own homemade
rosewater actually if you loved mine it
looks like the color of wine not really
can drink this it is the stilled water
though but mixing the petals in I don't
know anyway I did a bit of research upon
a rose water and I found out that the
best way to use rose water is to cleanse
your face before you sleep and then just
spray it all over and it's going to
rejuvenate smell good make your skin
better make your skin smoother I don't
know all of that good stuff it's just
gonna happen while you're sleeping so
that's why people recommend putting rose
water well spray in rose water on your
face wow that smells amazing I know you
can also use rose water as a setting
spray but I'm not sure how to do that
exactly and I do suggest if you want to
use this as a setting spray you use the
white petals because red petals do this
so if you spray it it's gonna be a plum
color which would be kind of weird great
so that's it for today's video I hope
you guys enjoyed it I hope you learned
how to make your own rose water right
there the comforts of your own home
thank you guys so so much for watching
and don't forget to like comment and
subscribe to my channel and I will see
you guys on my next video bye guys
