hello my lovelies that's Abby here
welcome back to my channel so today I'm
gonna be teaching you guys how to clean
your makeup brushes well specifically
how I clean my makeup brushes I'm sure
everyone has their own way of cleaning
stuff so hope if you guys want to learn
how to spot clean and deep clean all of
your makeup brushes just keep on
watching in this video I'm going to be
showing you guys how I clean my brushes
there are actually two ways to clean
brushes the first one I do is to do spot
cleaning and the second one is a deep
cleaning spot cleaning is basically the
easiest way to clean your brushes it
doesn't completely clean your brushes
but it does make it clean enough for you
to use different products now when you
deep clean your brushes that's when you
fully clean out every single thing in
every inch of your brush so that's
absolutely my favorite type of cleansing
so I'm going to be showing you guys both
types of brush cleaning just a quick tip
about a brush cleaning I suggest you
guys clean your brushes once a week
especially if you're the type who uses
your brushes every single day I suggest
you clean it at least once a week if you
don't clean your brushes regularly
regularly
creig your girl regularly oh my god why
did I say regularly if you don't clean
your brushes Bashan hmm if you don't
clean your brushes regularly or you
don't clean it as often as you should
the products are just gonna keep
building up and mixing up with each
other and your brushes and bacteria is
gonna start to build up and trust me you
don't want to put all of that all over
your face so I just want to remind all
of you to just clean your brushes as
often as you can at least once a week
and you're good and no bad stuff will
happen to your face if you don't
regularly clean your brushes and if you
don't clean it properly you're gonna get
you know bacteria all over your face
you're gonna get pimples you're gonna
get oh it's just gonna mess with your
face and you know who wants that now I'm
gonna be teaching you guys how to spot
clean your brushes this is actually the
fastest and the easiest way to clean
your brushes I have a bunch of dirty
brushes right here I
also have my brush cleaner halfway done
I also have a towel that's basically all
you need I'm using a white towel today
so I can really show you guys all the
dirt we are removing from the brushes
you just take your brush cleaning
formula this is one I actually bought
from think it to a swish it's about a
thousand for this whole thing but this
can last you a really long time so I
just decided to invest in it what you do
is you just do well I like to do one
clump or two no I'll give two pumps
since this one is a big brush so I have
two pumps you see the green thing here
then I just take my brush and I just
swirl it around it and then the formula
just gets the product out of the brush
so this is basically what you do this is
my exercise weekly so as you can see the
brush is clearing up this is a great
thing to do if you just need to do you
know quick cleaning for me this is the
most satisfying because I actually see
the dirt come off of it that's basically
it we are done this is the brush it is
nice and clean and this is all of the
product that was on the brush don't
forget you guys this is just spot
cleaning so it's just something you can
do if you just want a quick fix to
cleaning your brushes it also ends up a
bit damp after spot cleaning so you have
to let it dry for a bit but yeah
basically this is the easiest and
fastest way to clean your brushes don't
forget to wash out this towel it's just
so much dirt on it that's it for spot
cleaning now I'm gonna teach you guys
how to deep clean your brush now deep
cleaning is very important because it
really cleans out every inch of your
brushes and everyone needs that of
course it's always great to have really
clean and hygienic makeup tools so I
highly highly recommend depleting your
brushes regularly so what do you need to
deep clean your brushes dirty brushes
these are my dirty brushes a bar of soap
I specifically use Dove soap because
it's very moisturizing and it's very
gentle soap bar so that's why I picked
you can use any regular soap and then
maybe just add olive oil to make it
softer I like using the dub white beauty
bar it also has moisturizing milk so the
reason I go for soap with moisturizer is
so that my brushes don't become hard so
I want to retain the softness of all of
my brushes and that's why I use this
particular brand you don't have to use
this brand you can use whatever so bar
you want but I suggest you look for one
with moisturizing things you will also
be needing brush cleaning pads I have a
bunch of different brush cleaning pads
here for you guys these three brush
cleaning pads I actually got it from the
vasoya all of them are about 50 pesos
each but since I bought three I got it
all for three for a hundred so that's
just a great place for you to get them
I'm sure Green Hills has to this
Watson's wherever I actually see brush
cleaning pads everywhere so I don't
think you guys will have a problem
finding it a brush cleaning pad is a
rubbery thing and then there's different
design ridges on it this one also it's
heart-shaped and you can even put your
hand in here while you're cleaning and
then there's just different shapes here
different textures where you can just
put your brush on and just swirl it
around and really get deep into the
brush and just clean it this one is by
far the most popular one I've seen this
is the brush egg so it just has straight
we're just here and then a dotted one I
don't know I don't know if there's a
difference but I just swirl it around
every inch of this so these are the
brush cleaning pads there are actually
bigger ones like they look like welcome
mats or something but those exist as
well if you want to go for that but I
prefer the smaller ones there are people
who use their hand and just swirl the
brush around their hand with so I
honestly don't recommend that that will
dry out your hand and it's just not
something comfortable you know so don't
do that I also found this silicone wrap
in all homes so you can go to any home
goods store and you can find some sort
of silicone thing with different ridges
on it this one was a tea
so it's a nice matte looking thing there
are dotted the things on it and you know
you can really clean your brushes on it
that's if you want a Mac and you don't
want to use this on your hand or
anything like that you can also go for
something like this so it's just 80
pesos it's it's not a lot but of course
nothing could beat the 3 4 100 into the
Soria so it's really up to you guys it's
your preference just as long as you have
some form of brush cleaning pad and of
course the bar of soap and of course
your dirty brushes now we can start with
the deep cleaning process for today I'm
gonna be using this pad right here I
don't know I like this a lot it even has
a hook right here where my hand can go
and it just makes things easier like it
can't move or anything which I like and
my fingers are free so that's why I
prefer this over the others this brush
is easier to control them this hard one
but this one for me is too small but it
does the job but it's just too small for
me so for me this one is the best one
after you have to try all of them first
before I realize that this is my best
friend anyway alright so how to deep
clean the first thing you have to do is
to go to the sink
gap in the soap bar and then you take
your brush and then you just put it you
can just rub it all over that soap bar
just get as much soap as you can and
then that's when your trusty brush pad
comes and you just swirl it around on
there and then you just let water run
through it you just keep swirling and
swirling and running water through it
until the water runs clear and that's
how you deep clean your brushes and then
when you're done deep cleaning your
brushes make sure that you don't set it
down like this because the water from
the brush is gonna seep down into the
glue that's actually holding the
bristles to the actual brush handle so
don't do that make sure to set it on
some surface like this and just let it
air dry like that I think that is the
best way that's actually how I've been
doing it and that is how to spot clean
and to deep clean all of your makeup
brushes if you do that regularly you're
gonna have awesome skin really clean
makeup brushes
and no problems at all check out all my
makeup brushes they're so clean
well they felt too dry and everything
but they are all deep cleaned and I'm
super happy about that and I'm so
excited to use them again and then clean
them again and just repeat the cycle all
over again that's it for this video I
hope you guys enjoyed it and I also hope
that you learned a lot about how to
clean your brushes and why you have to
clean it and all that good stuff thank
you guys so so much for watching and
don't forget to Like comment and
subscribe to my channel and I will see
you guys on my next video bye guys
