hello my lovelies does that sound good
do you like being called lovelies I'm
just trying to figure out what I can
call you guys I thought of a bunch of
weird names like until your nares
Addison I don't know weird things and
then I realized why don't I just call
you guys my lovelies because my name is
Adam more and more means love maybe it's
kind of a far connection but yeah let me
know what you guys I think I should call
our little YouTube family and I will
call everyone that but for right now
I've decided that it is my lovely so I
hope you guys like that term I hope you
guys like being called lovelies because
I feel like you're all lovely lovely
people and yeah I want to call you that
I found really weird right now anyway
okay let's do the intro again hello my
lovelies it's addy here welcome back to
my channel so today I'm gonna be doing a
would have been perfect but I forgot
what I was doing today anyway so today
I'm gonna be doing a full face using
only drugstore makeup look for you guys
so this is the finished look this is
also gonna be a first impressions video
because I just bought a bunch of
drugstore makeup that I've never tried
before so yeah I'm gonna try it for you
guys right now before we get started I
just want to remind you guys to
subscribe it to my channel if you want
to be one of my lovelies
yes so if you guys want to know how I
created this makeup look using a
drugstore makeup just keep on watching
I'm gonna be trying something a little
bit different today I'm gonna be using a
different foundation on the right side
of my face and on the left edge that you
guys can see how both foundations look
on my face I picked up two foundations
this one is the Maybelline New York
dream satin skin foundation it says here
is err whipped liquid foundation
I've never tried Arab foundation so I
don't know let's see it what is my shape
I'm sorry I gotta find my shade I'm
seriously where do they put the shade
maybelline what
what's my shade this one retails for 499
pesos it's kinda pricey for me yeah I'm
gonna get my kitty ears because my hair
always gets in the way I've also got to
be messing on my new assets of kabuki
brushes so I'm really really excited for
this one I think for foundation I'm
gonna get I don't know this one looks
like a good choice honestly don't know
which brush to use or what exactly but
this one looks like it could be a
foundation brush so we're just gonna go
with this one I'm gonna start off with
the L'Oreal True Match on the right side
of my face I hope this goes well
honestly might not even be my shade
because after to the beach a lot I may
have put too much I totally I'm not
using a mirror by the way oh that is a
lot of foundation
I did not realize just how much I what
is wrong with me
blending it out a foundation blends out
really easily but it also dries a bit
faster than I'm used to you kind of have
to work faster with it as for coverage
with one layer this looks like light to
medium coverage though if you're going
for a more natural look one layer of
this foundation would be good so I'll
try to see if it's buildable
it's so awkward only putting make up one
half of your face that's kind of funny
it's so white he was obviously obviously
this is not my color anymore it's way
too light for me but let's just ignore
that I like the foundation better when
it was just a nice thin natural layer
because when you start to build it up it
becomes cakey I don't know I I don't
like it it's kicking up in certain
places like up here I don't know is it
my fault is it cuz I put too much if you
put one layer it's a light to medium
coverage it's also a buildable
foundation like you can add more so that
you'll have full coverage but I may have
had it too much I don't know that if I
kind of I don't know it's going on me
it's absolutely drying on my face right
now you know what's weird about this
foundation it starts out liquid but when
you put it on your face and then dries
up it feels like powder yeah it feels
like powder now I'm gonna be trying the
Maybelline Dream satin foundation and
I'm gonna be taking a desert brush I
feel like I should have done just one
pump but it's a little too late for that
I'm really hoping that this is my shade
if you like I shouldn't buy foundation
for a while until I decide to not go on
vacation okay they look kind of like the
same shade that I'm so dark now but this
is one layer of the Maybelline Dream
satin foundation and I have to say I
like it so much better than the L'Oreal
one which is surprising by the way
because the Maybelline ones cheaper it
actually has more coverage with just one
layer which I really like as well one
layer of the Maybelline foundation is
the same as doing two layers of the
l'oreal foundation so in terms of
foundation I'm pretty sure I like the
maybelline one better
it's not even caking like how the
L'Oreal one was actually the l'oreal one
isn't kickin anymore
maybe I just have to drive down you know
what I'm also gonna try to build up this
side well even though one layer looks
good let's see what happens and try to
go for full coverage I just finished the
second layer of my Maybelline Dream
satin Foundation and I have to say I
like it so much more than the L'Oreal
one the Maybelline Dream satin
foundation actually has more coverage
even just one layer of it I'm good with
that but I just tried building it up
just to see if it's buildable and it
really really is between the l'oreal
true match foundation and the Maybelline
Dream satin liquid foundation I really
really love the dream satin skin
foundation it's actually the cheaper one
of the two just because something's
expensive it doesn't mean that it's
gonna work better even though I don't
know my shade oh maybe this is it it
says keo 3 is that a shame I don't know
anyway we are done with the foundations
are gonna be moving on now to the
concealers I also bought two concealers
but they are both from L'Oreal when I
was at SM I actually tried a bunch of
concealers and these two were the only
ones I really like I have the L'Oreal
True Match super blendable crayon
concealer and I also have the L'Oreal
True Match corrector fusion concealer so
it's basically a cream concealer and a
liquid concealer the liquid concealer is
four hundred pesos and the cream one is
375 so this one is a little bit cheaper
I'm gonna be doing the cream concealer
right now this is how much product you
get and what if you use a crayon on the
right side of my face
pull up here I'm gonna be taking at the
same brush and I'm gonna be blending
this out Wow
I actually really like this concealer
it's so easy to blend out and creams
look so natural and it really melds into
the skin so I love that it's absolutely
covered the dark circle on this eye so
really happy about that one I'm gonna be
trying the liquid foundation on the left
side of my face
woah that is big you try to spread it
out and I'm gonna blend this out
I may have put too much on this side but
you know what let's just fix that
looking at it right now
but the cream of the liquid concealer
have the same coverage but the liquid
concealer has more of a brightening
effect while the cream concealer does
not but they both concealed so what but
if you want something brightening go for
the liquid concealer and if you want
something more natural-looking go for
the cream concealer all right and that's
it for my face not yes absolutely I also
got this L'Oreal finishing powder this
also has SPF why is everyone putting SPF
and all their products even powder
really why can't I open this this is
beautiful look at the packaging this is
the L'Oreal Paris matte magic BB veil
I've never tried this before this is how
it looks like inside I'm gonna be using
this brush whatever this brush you know
what let's bake today I'm gonna be
taking my Beauty Blender like it I never
find the shades okay this is a golden
ivory this powder retails for $225 is a
pretty good deal for L'Oreal powder and
I'm gonna fake my face well it's just my
under eyes yeah I don't think this is
for baking I'm still gonna bake anyway
this is a very dense powder it's not at
all loose powder but as to what you're
really supposed to bake with but I don't
really follow makeup rules
that's how I end up looking weird
sometimes I have to stop doing that but
I really like this powder though you
know how my face look really liquidy how
the powder is making it really mad I
love love love matte finish look so I'm
gonna take my brush and just
this L'Oreal Matt magic BB veil is
amazing I love this powder it's my first
time trying it out after you just got it
because the packaging look really good
looking at it now on my face it looks so
good it's such a good finish now I'm
gonna be doing my brows I actually
didn't buy a new brow product I stick to
what I love which is this mashido
eyebrow pencil I think this was 80 pesos
look at the difference of my eyebrow the
right side of the lip makeup is like
magic my eyebrows are done I did not buy
new eyeshadow because I still have my
favorite NYX love in Paris I shadow you
look at how the pan looks right now this
one is completely gone this one's almost
gone right obvious switch colors I use
the most I'm gonna be using this on my
eyes today I have so many brushes to
choose from I think I'm just randomly
picking brushes right now no I just have
fun with makeup I'm gonna take this
color right here this is gonna be my
attention shade I'm just putting this on
my crease let's darken up my crease this
darker shade right here but I'm only
gonna be putting it at the outer part of
my crease oh look at that
darkness
that's intense now I'm gonna take
another brush and I'm gonna use this to
blend it out just you know blend up the
lines so it looks more natural and
though there's nothing natural about
makeup it just gives the illusion of
naturalness I don't know what I think
I'm done with my crease I'm gonna be
putting this color right here it's like
a light gold on the lid of my eye I'm
gonna spray it with a bit of V don't
have a nice strong pigment in the middle
I basically created a cut crease with
this color which I really really like
but now I have to blend it out a bit
this NYX palette is actually one of my
favorite eyeshadow palettes from the
drugstore the NYX love in Paris palette
has a lot of natural colors cool tones
so it's good for everyday use
I actually use this every single day if
you guys can see under my eye and
there's a bit of fallout but it's not
too much fallout I love the colors I
love the pigmentation of it so that's
why this is my favorite I created a
really easy and natural-looking a smoky
eye with a nice pop of gold right in the
center I also bought eyebrow gel so this
is just the clear one this is from Anna
Shido I've actually never used eyebrow
gel before but I feel like there's a
reason a lot of people use this I also
have really long eyebrow hair so I
thought this would be a good idea to try
so I'm gonna try this out right now I'm
so scared to use this right now
now it has like a wet look to it I don't
know if I like it really not sure what's
gonna happen to my eyebrows but yeah I
tried it out and I will let you guys
know what I think about it but I don't
know it just feels really wet and it
kind of has a wet look to it also and
I'm really hoping it's gonna dry and if
that I didn't ruin my eyebrows next up
I'm gonna be trying out a mascara this
is the lips inversion voluminous million
lashes by L'Oreal oh no where's my I
forgot my curler I got it okay so I'm
gonna curl my lashes and then I'm gonna
be adding mascara why can't I oh there
we go
I think I got it I got the sticker look
at how thick that one dish I've never
seen anything like it it's so thick
anyway let's try it
I think my lashes are actually growing
this is so good it's such a good mascara
Wow you can see the difference I really
like this mascara if no matter how much
I pour it it didn't get super clumpy and
it actually made my lashes grow like
they grew longer and fatter but they're
not all stuck together so I really like
this one okay I'm gonna try putting it
on my bottom lashes let's see if this is
a good idea or if I'm gonna ruin my
entire face my lashes under my eyes
absolutely look really thick um if
that's the look you want to go for go
for it put it there but for me I'm not
such a bad next time I'm gonna contour
my face I'm gonna be using my go-to
contour and blush palette this is from
ELF this file it looks really bad this
is my most look at that the blush is
completely gone and that's what's left
I'm gonna be trying out this angled
kabuki and I'm gonna see if this is a
good idea
second theorem I know is I'm going to be
trying out this brush right here so
let's see if this can give me a nice
precise nose whoa that's such a strong
line I have to blend this out but our
sharp my nose looks right now it's so
cute I like this brush you're gonna be
taking my foundation brush and I'm just
gonna be blending this all out so it
also has to look a little more natural
the elf contouring blush and bronzer is
actually my favorite of products I can't
get enough of this I mean look at that
natural contour that it can give and
it's just so easy to blend out that's
why this is my go to product for
contouring for blush I'm gonna be taking
my forever 21 palette right here I'm
gonna be taking this kabuki brush I'm
gonna be taking this one right here this
is my favorite the love she just has a
nice natural color to it I'm also gonna
get a bit of this color
to add a bit of pink to my cheek
I saw a downside to the mascara a few
clumps just keep falling next up I'm
going to be doing my highlight so I'm
gonna be taking this white highlight
color right here on this tiny angled
kabuki brush I basically highlight that
my entire face I think next time I'm
gonna do my lip I'm gonna be taking this
color or right here on my finger because
I don't have a brush for this
surprisingly I ran out of brushes
I love love love this forever 21 palette
it has everything I need and that's
blushes it has highlighters it has
lipstick and on the other side it has
eyes shadows and it also has a mirror I
love this palette and I think I just got
it for I think so 500 pesos I'm really
not sure but I remember that it wasn't
expensive so that's why I love love love
this palette and this is the completed
look this is my full face using a
drugstore makeup look so I hope you guys
liked it so let's just run through
everything I tried out what I liked what
I didn't like
between the Avista foundations I love
the Maybelline Dream satin foundation
more it just has better coverage it
blends out better it feels better on the
skin actually also smells better and
less expensive than the L'Oreal True
Match so that's why I like this one more
now asked for the concealers I actually
like both of them it really depends on
what you're looking for I like the cream
one for a nice natural look and I also
like the liquid one for a more
brightening like a highlighter and
concealer and one product so it really
depends on what you're going for so for
me I would use both products depending
on what I prefer to look like that day I
have the L'Oreal Paris a matte magic BB
veil I love this powder when I put it on
the moment I put it on I just knew this
is an amazing powder it just made my
entire face a Mac and smooth and it
didn't emphasize my pores and that is
what I am looking for in a finishing
powder so I highly recommend this one
onto the National eyebrow gel let's see
my eyebrows
I do see a difference in my brows my eye
my eyebrow hairs are actually team
they're not sticking out which looks
kind of weird sometimes it was really
wet looking but it dried down now and it
looks really good so I will use this
more for sure last one I tried is this
voluminous million lashes by L'Oreal
Paris I love this mascara I don't know
if you guys can see it but my lashes are
so long and thick and just beautiful so
this is something I would definitely
recommend to you guys and asked for
putting it on my lower lashes I actually
really like it now that I'm looking at
it now maybe it's the type of thing that
has to grow on you but it really really
emphasizes the lashes and it just makes
your eyes pop out more so I really
recommend this one to you guys as well
after the products that are not new to
me but I still super duper love - you
know I broke Hensel I love this one I've
been using this for a year and I also
love this one from ELF this is their
contouring and blush palette I just love
the shade of it it's so blendable and it
you can also make it look really natural
but at the same time you're really
sculpted so I love this one for
contouring last but not least my forever
21 palette I just love how it has
everything it has my blush my
highlighter my lipstick and then my eye
shadow right here it's also a very
inexpensive way to complete your makeup
kids because it has everything in this
one thing that's it for my full face
using a drugstore makeup video I also
included first impressions this is the
finished look
I hope you guys like it if you want to
try out this look I would love to see
what you guys come up with feel free to
send me your pictures on Facebook and
Instagram I would love to see what you
guys come up with based on this tutorial
that's it for this a full face using a
drugstore makeup and a first impressions
video I hope you guys enjoyed it thank
you guys so so much for watching and
don't forget to Like comment and
subscribe to my channel I'll see you
guys next time
bye
