and the cool like this I'm just gonna
hold it up like this then the rest of
the video all of what hey guys it's a
view here welcome back to my channel so
today I'm gonna be doing a Divisoria
haul video for you guys I know you guys
love that so I'm doing one for you right
now I just spent an entire day I can do
not an entire day in Divisoria and I got
so much stuff and looking at them now
I'm really not sure how I carried them
around if it's your first time on my
channel go ahead and click that
subscribe button down below so you'll be
notified when I come out with new stuff
I am super excited to show you guys all
this stuff I got so let's get started it
started that's I don't know I'm singing
the song yes seriously though that's
looks like the hoe the first thing I got
is this could tour palette it's from
Shan lania I know I read this shun line
yup it's a contour palette and I got it
for each of pesos and it comes with a
white powder yellowish one light brown
this looks pinkish the pudding right
here and this one's brown and this one
is mmm I don't know this looks the same
actually anyway yes I got this entire
palette for 80 pesos next up I got a
bunch of brushes I got them in gold
this is so cute I actually never had a
complete brush set so I got this book
that is for me let's check them out
I honestly don't know what these brushes
are but I will find out when I start
using them so this looks like a kabuki
brush this one looks like an angled
kabuki brush this I don't know they
honestly look kind of the same but
slightly different
um and this one I think I don't know I
will figure this out
but yes I'm super excited that I got
this
I got this one for 150 pesos so all of
these for 150 Tessa I actually got to
because I liked it so much
yes I do it also it actually also comes
in black white yeah so those are the
colors I saw black white and gold so of
course I went for the gold and I'm super
excited to you see the men next thing I
got is this a five and one beauty care
massager um I actually got this because
I see a lot of youtubers cleanse their
face with this I'll show you guys up
inside so when you open it up oh my gosh
stuff fall out yes what happens and this
one goes in
great now I'm just fixing it anyway so
yes this is how the inside looks like it
comes with one unit it's for cleansing
your face your body actually everything
this is how it looks like and this one
basically spins slowly and it can
cleanse anything you put it on so yes
I'm super excited to use this I actually
see a lot of youtubers cleanse their
face with this and I'm super excited to
try it out for myself
I need to get batteries though because
this is battery operated yes is where
you put the battery and it also comes
with this one is an exfoliator so this
is for tough skin this is a makeup
sponge to massage and clean your skin
latex soft sponge for eye and cheek
massaging a rolling massager to promote
blood flow and it's for anti skin aging
oh that's interesting so that's why
these have balls in them if you guys can
see I got this 5a no.1 beauty care
massager
for how much should I get this one
hundred thirty pesos the original price
is absolutely 150 but since I got to
that's right you guys I got to since I
got to it became one hundred and thirty
pesos and I think that's a really good
deal I have yet to try it out I will let
you guys know how it goes
that's it for the beauty stuff now I'm
gonna show you guys all the bags I got
actually you got quite a lot of bags I
don't know why I just got a lot of bags
so let's start it off where the
this satchel it's pretty simple it's a
nice small bag and it has buckles over
here when you open it there's even a
zipper pocket over here and it has a
strap I didn't get this from me it's not
meeting my style I got it as a gift for
someone else so I'm super excited to
give it to her like yes I got this one
for 100 pesos next up I got this quirky
little bag it has Campbell's soup cans
all over it and actually reminds me of I
forgot the artist's name anyway I got
this quirky little bag for 100 pesos
next up is this abstract print bag I
like this a lot it has such a cute and
fun vibe to it plus it's actually a
really big bag so you can just throw
stuff in it and you're out the door you
know yeah so I got this bag of for 100
pesos the next bag I found is this grey
snake print looking bag it's so cute
it's it's well it's a handbag and it has
a nice gold zipper over here and I
actually don't like the lighting but you
know what who cares he's gonna look at
the lining and I love how it has really
good pockets like there's a zipper
pocket over here and there's more
pockets over here so to keep I'm a no
pockets girl I don't know why I really
like this one if you guys look closely
it actually has a really good quality
and I'm so excited to use this bag this
one I got for 200 pesos next up is a
really big bag I got this really big bag
that's how big it is it's great also I
don't know why it's just a theme today I
love getting big bags right now I don't
know why I think it's cuz I'm super lazy
to decide what to put in my bag so I
just throw whatever inside it I'm super
like this one it's nice crisp and simple
and it has cool zipper designs over here
realtor actually pockets which i think
is pretty cool and it's hot inside yes
more zipper pockets over here
and another pocket over here and it even
comes with a strap so I can even wear it
as a crossbody I'm super excited to use
this bag aptly and this one just cost me
two hundred pesos next up I have another
big bag and here it is actually reminds
me of a jail cells I'm not quite sure
what I feel about it but it's actually
more of a duffle bag now that I think
about it it has a cool print that's why
I really liked it let's see the inside
yes this actually has more pockets
inside it has the zipper pocket and then
it has two random small pockets over
here oh and I also comes with a strap I
didn't know that so it comes with the
strap so it can also be a crossbody bag
for me but I think I'm gonna use it more
of a duffel so yes I got this bag for
200 peso
these three bags are actually pretty
awesome because I got them like one of
those stores where they just make piles
and piles of their bags and they just
price them accordingly like there's 100s
of 200 pesos 250 passes and I found
these all and the 200 peso file and I
super love it sad thing about those
places as though that you can't get an
additional discount because this is
basically they're the last price they're
gonna do for all of these bags but yes I
think for 200 pesos these are pretty
awesome bags next up I'm going to show
you guys all the random stuff I got it's
super weird don't know why I got these
let's start it off with these what are
these Scala but these are called pop
pops pockets that's really what it's
called check it out it says pops pocket
I got five of these pops pockets they're
basically the stuff you put at the back
of your phone you know how the the eye
ring is such a thing so they came up
with something like this it's like an
accordion so you can put it up and then
hold your phone like this you can also
fold it down it's actually pretty cool
and it also comes with a car mount so
you can just insert it in your car and
it comes with a lot of different designs
I got a black one oh this one's cute a
donut one
hippie looking design this one's a
pineapple design I love this one
personally this my favorite this is the
black marble design I got all five of
these for 35 pesos that is their
wholesale price originally it was 50
pesos but since I got five actually I
got six I don't know where the other one
went but yes I got six I was able to get
all of these for 35 passes each next
stop I have this Bluetooth speaker check
it out you guys I really like this one I
love the packaging and I love the unit
itself I got this one in black it
actually comes in white those pink green
yellow actually a lot of colors but I go
for the basics with stuff like this so
this is how it looks like it's actually
pretty cute it has this I don't know
this is called can stick it anywhere and
you know it won't go away what I
actually tested it out and the sound is
beautiful and I cannot believe I found
this you check it out here there's
different buttons like play you can call
someone wow I didn't know that there's
play here rewind fast-forward all that
stuff all the normal stuff you find in
Bluetooth speakers and the best price of
a best price what the best part about
this is the price can you believe I got
this for 150 pesos where else can you
find a really good quality Bluetooth
speaker for 150 pesos but of course I
have yet to try it out what if it gets
destroyed after a week because this is
150 pesos I got two yes I got two of
these the original price of this is 180
pesos but since I got two I managed to
haggle it down to 150 oh it also comes
with the charging wire thing next up I
got a VR box actually I got to VR boxes
it's a virtual reality box so you know
all those YouTube videos that are marked
for the R or 360 degree videos this is
what you use it actually looks really
weird like
you're gonna be an alien or something
you put your phone in here and then you
snap it back in and then you watch the
art video is through here and that's
pretty cool I actually owned the Google
cardboard box but I wanted to own this
one cuz it looks more than JIT and you
can actually do gaming with this you can
watch different VR videos with this so
this is pretty cool it comes with a
cleaning thing and the foam yeah I'm not
sure what these are for but I'll figure
it out I got this VR box for 180 pesos
that's right you guys this is 180 pesos
actually I was so surprised at the price
because when I looked online for it I
was about a thousand and above so I
think this is a really good price for
this next up I got a kitchen item
it's the shake and take three this is
pretty cool I already own this but I got
this as a gift to someone it's a blender
but instead of you know transferring
what you blended into another glass
after blending it you just take it out
put a cover and you can go I think this
is such a great gift especially to
people who you know just got newly
married or just moved into a new place
yeah that's absolutely why I got it for
my friend you just moved it to a new
place with his wife and I feel like they
could use this each box contains two of
the glasses two covers the blender part
of it so just put this on top and then
you blend it out and then you just
remove it you screw it out and then you
just put the cover on it so that's that
was a messy explanation of what this is
but yes basically that's what a shake
intake is you I actually drink shakes
every day so I know how amazing this is
I got this a shake and take for a three
hundred pesos which i think is such a
steal I don't know where else I can find
this for that price so if you guys like
it check it out on TV next up I got a
Pie Face game super funny how I ended up
buying this because I have Venise and
she played this with me one time and I
was so bad at the game like I don't know
I'm just super unlucky with this game
that I got
every time I would just get high on my
face but it was so so much fun so I
thought I'm buying it for myself let's
check what's inside okay so we have the
pie face base the hand it has all the
materials inside so basically this is
how the pie face game goes you pull on a
lever certain number of times and you
don't know whether the hand is gonna hit
you but it's just suddenly go up and
it's gonna hit you and if it does you
totally lose the game this is exactly a
super fun game to play and I can't wait
to play this with my friends I'm not
gonna play it with kids and you are I
feel like the universe conspires against
you and just make the kid when I got to
five face games because I'm gonna give
the other one out as a gift this pie
pays game is one hundred fifty pesos I
mean yes sure it's fake but I mean it
serves its purpose it looks really good
actually
next up is one over the things I really
really searched for really hard because
I've always wanted to own something like
this and I'm so happy I finally found it
and of all places I found it the divi so
yes yeah this is what it is this is a
drinking your lid set basically it's the
roulette game but with shot glasses
around the the roulette wheel so I'm
super excited to try this out you know
it actually took me quite a while to
find this because not a lot of people
sell this so when I found it I just
jumped at it and I bought it comes with
the roulette wheel and this is where you
put all the shot glasses it also comes
with two balls and of course all of the
shot glasses are right here I don't want
to take them out I might break them you
spin this then you put one of the balls
in there and then it lands on one of the
numbers based on the number you get that
is the alcohol you drink so this one is
red 32 mr. white is black xi er do you
want so it's it's actually a really fun
drinking game where you can kind of
pretend you're gambling but you're
really not this drinking roulette game
for just four hundred pesos I know it's
a bit steep considering everything
I got I mean I got the pie-faced for 150
pesos but this is so worth it to me and
I feel like you pay a lot for the shot
glasses so kind of made sense to me that
this one costs 400 pesos for all the
weird random stuff I got next time I'm
going to show you guys home Dec where
stuff the first thing I want to show you
guys is this new pillowcase I got it so
me it's it's shiny and beautiful and
everything but there's something so much
more amazing about this what you could
totally make it white if you want to you
can make designs
youngberry I'm not that artistic right
now boy oh this looks like a hand this
pillowcase I actually got for 100 pesos
what you think it's great so that's why
I got four of them I mean just imagine
all of them side by side I'm just so
excited to find a place for this
actually more comfortable than I thought
it would I thought it would be like
rough and it would scratch me or
something but it's actually pretty good
I also got another pillowcase it's just
a white pillowcase with a bit of an
embossed design but it's like a basic
white pillowcase what I really like and
I got to of course I got to everything I
get everything in a parrot I don't know
why I got these pillowcases for just
fifty pesos each and I think that's such
a steal because it looks a really good
quality it's so pretty and I like
touching it also with all of my billion
pillow cases I of course got some
pillows so these are I think they're
sixteen by sixteen I'm not sure but
these are the pillows that match my
pillowcases and I got four of them
actually a canvass the streets for this
and this is the cheapest I found this
one is sixty five pesos each so enough
about the pillow is the next up I'm
gonna show you guys all of the fabric I
got I miss it sometimes you know like
before every time I used to go to the
Miss Aria I used to go to the streets to
find like really nice fabric I found
this black fur it's actually long for if
you guys can see it
I am planning to make a bag out of this
so I'm super excited to try that out but
I love this one this fabric is beautiful
I got I think I got a yard one yard is
450 pesos and I think it's so worth it
it's beautiful and can you just imagine
having a bag with this gorgeous faux fur
yes I got this one from man : the next
time I'm gonna show you I just got from
the streets like you know the ones that
are like 25 pesos per yard 35 passes per
yard I love this one I got this
beautiful velvet fabric check it out it
actually kind of mattress the velvet
tarp I'm wearing right now but it's a
bit darker anyway so yes I got this
beautiful velvet fabric that I'm
actually planning to use as a background
for my upcoming video it's what guys
think it's my background afternoon looks
really nice I'm so excited about this so
this one I actually found this for 35
pesos per yard and I got three yards so
he just gave it to me at a hundred I see
a team coming on over here um next top
is another velvet fabric it kind of
looks the same as the other one but this
is different
I'm telling you here I'll put them
side-by-side yeah so this one's kind of
goldish and this one's more silvery and
whitish so I also got this as a backdrop
for my upcoming videos I'm planning so
much stuff you guys stay tuned for that
actually I shouldn't wear this this
would be such a nice material for a slit
dress
35 pesos per yard actually three for a
hundred per yard so it's pretty cool the
silver one I found this metallic fabric
and I'm just kidding this is the lining
actually I think the lining is pretty
cool too I can use this as a background
but you guys think can this be wow
that's gonna be one shiny background
this one is made today Brett okay check
it out I got four yards of this because
I really like it it's pink velvet so it
said can you please just imagine how
this would be at one of my video
backgrounds it's pretty good
this one though was pretty pricey
compared to the other ones
this one was sixty pesos per yard but I
think it's totally worth it considering
I go I can also use this other side as a
background so I just went for it I got
four yards of this beautiful pink belt
man I love going to the streets and
that's it for this haul video I hope you
guys enjoyed all of this stuff thank God
if you guys want to know where exactly
in the bus area to get all of these
stuff I'm gonna try to tell you right
now I did not get the exact stall number
for all the stuff but I did only go to a
specific area actually to specific areas
so that that really narrows it down for
you of all of the stuff except for the
fabric the pillows and the pillowcases I
actually got from the first floor of 168
mall so just go around the whole first
floor you're gonna find all of these
things at those prices and don't forget
to haggle and the FIR I actually got it
from Monaco so you can just ask around I
think it's on one unis tree on that same
street where Mongo is is also where I
bought the pillows the pillowcases and
the fabric I prefer buying fabric on the
streets because it's just way cheaper
and you'll never know what you're gonna
find just stick to the first floor of
the 168 mall and find that street that's
filled with fabric and that's how you
can find everything I showed you guys in
this haul that's it for this video thank
you guys so so much for watching I hope
you guys enjoy don't forget to Like
comment and subscribe I'll see you guys
next time bye
