hey guys what's up its Abby here welcome
back to my channel I am back with
another tutorial video with days sir
today she's going to be cheated
saturdaya days are going to be teaching
me how to do a full spread close look oh
yeah which is my father yeah so let's
start off with what we need TRO crew
throw cream so we're going to be using
the map through kinda babies yeah I
don't I can be sure no worries
are they little thing so I'm going to be
applying not a thorough creams to myself
yes okay so what do I do not it on my
fuse on town oh no you guys no we
already prepped my skin click on atom
oyster eyes your primer computer yes so
that's what's on my face
so just make sure to prep your skin and
then you can put the strobe cream make
sure your fingers are clean I mean make
sure your hands are clean before you
start touching all over your face you
know so we spread the strobe cream all
over my face into different oh my gosh I
need to buy this strobe cream it looks
like there's a natural do we do meets
Kenya so now we're going to pour it with
it so this is the rnk lightweight
foundation why might wait
because it we're going for a sort of an
ultra-low okay
so right now I have the strobe cream and
just a light layer of foundation so as
the base for my cheeks we're going to be
using my left calm
Road and love lipstick and shade 132 m I
love this this is my go-to everyday it's
almost finished
that's goodbye oh my gosh is at the
bottom so and so bad but this is my
go-to everyday lipstick shade I don't
even know where the zoom bar so this
means about your last longer and then
use lipstick as blush money-saving tips
yoga put on the eyes that's what I do
sometimes yeah so much can we just look
like this for a second this is the Tarte
color wheel look at that gorgeous design
on the front and it's cooled in the back
and it opens up take that you're going
to be mixing Deco and video so these two
colors
listen good luck next up we're going to
be using this key pallet real lasting
eyebrow pen yeah so this will create the
freckles freckles
okay and how it more about mean more
blush we do we put highlighter yes does
it so we're going to do cream
highlighter see and touch okay so we're
going to be using the UI and
highlighting palette so which color are
we going so we're going to be using a
discoloration I'm going to be using
backup champagne cheap you know
I'm Chinese champagne on my face so you
just blend it in with the paper
Oh
the dick powder amazing marks a brush in
g37 don't cure the shape but you like
that one better ease of the time brush
yeah I mean for highlighters okay
alright
so this is my highlighted face so we
just added to the doing yes I love it
you know what do we the do we face or
something I always do I've never do math
I just like this one better cuz it looks
more do you like this more like yeah oh
yeah fresh and there's more light to
your face so that's why I preferred to
do them so we can okay so I'll do okay
so it's my turn to do freckles I'm doing
our desire okay that's a good tip scraps
is first on your hand do it gently
knowledge I'm Jesse because the harder
it is the bigger the circles will be
comes on and you don't you don't want
that they develop state and we're trying
to make real looking real life freckles
you know
that's right
ah with all its natural it's so cool I
was not in Spreckels like real natural
freckles is so cute
I am our blush what's this my sensors
are powder so just to finish it off I
want to be because nice job do you want
psychos like for real so this is the
finished look then if you guys can see
my freckles but I have nice light
natural freckles on my face so it's
concentrated in this area so the bridge
of the nose in here so why do we do that
why is it here and here is that were
threatened at Tremont
you are freckles I'm Eva you are so
lucky I shall have to real special this
isn't a graduate who would they look
like
week will Beauty more I like I like it
it's natural all you need to do yes it's
quite easy to do this much fast and then
you know I'm super good which is what
you want during the summer I want me to
put some pink on the hourglass
she just put this gorgeous lip love on
me if this you're a dick the blood your
adjectives lost in four six five okay so
as you guys can see to create this well
we really use a lot of pink and we
really emphasize the Hyneman yeah and I
think it's such a good summer book you
have an American lemon pickle so it's
good too much or like heavy foundation
give this better cake
they're kicking right this summer is 64
head it's gonna melt so make sure to use
BB cream or tinted moisturizer that's it
for this video I hope you guys learned a
lot from this both breakfast looks
tutorial how did it yes I just want to
thank these for dropping by baby so much
for teaching me all of these more things
so as my viewers want to contact you and
check out all the work you've done where
can they reach please check out my
facebook page as mainly update and
instead of make me outside
alright so that's we put an Instagram
make me up bye baby
thanks for having me alright so that's
it for this video thank you guys so so
much for watching I'll see you guys next
time
you
