hey guys I am back at the top is like
Studios here in the Philippines and I
just want to show you guys my setup look
at that all of those things are at my
disposal and that's mariah over there
hey guys and welcome to today's episode
of real problems I mean as you more I'm
super excited to start on today's dream
I'm going to do a new recession and then
we're going to be talking about image
you know your self image I advise to you
the cold for hours because 8:30 a.m. I
was trimming that hood and now I am
lining up in here my certificate I have
another gig to get
can I trust you
I leave that out of DMRC in one piece
from now I'm going to be taking this
being a group to here you know and by
being a group I mean the airbenders
took me about 20 minutes but I finally
made it to the Union Jack tavern here on
the ear vino and I am super excited
because I'm going to be hosting their
pop quiz night tonight for the very
first time so I'm super excited
this is charm she is a bubble press the
bosses away actually this is one bite
seeing business in three days Camus come
on I know right so you had a tavern if
this was wrong he's going to be the quiz
master for tonight she's going to help
me out when I'm in a science a lot also
I'm super excited because I can order as
much food as I want but that would be
for me
so let's be blue or juror MJ what is the
best thing here ever forever shower
station to be a mother I am super
excited for my dinner because I ordered
a grilled cheese sandwich with tomato
basil and fish and chips which is this
specialty line
grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup
as much of collapse at Clippers with
waffles and such a little good desire to
just get the package and then you dip it
in the tomato soup and you by simple
compass Cougars my assistantship orders
of arrived and taking big
and it comes with a wolffish right for
making so I selected
I also have to decide I am ready to cool
tonight's quiz night I did my hair my
makeup my makeup and I am wearing it in
the outfit you typed out earlier and I
am SuperDuper excited to go to entice
there are tons of people and I see some
of them reviewing so I think this is
going to be a super legit which I've
never was it a good night where the
players
don't forget equally happening horrible
again we just finished doing quiz night
sorry the curtain well I'm tired I don't
know about wrong and I wanted to be
obviously going to bust when the quiz
night ends the place and keys check it
out there's like nobody here so
basically the last one to be first
arrived lesson to leave
Oh
