hey guys so I'm here at CDC because I'm
going to be shooting with Kamala yes
we're going to be shooting here for my
blog so you guys will check out the
pictures people instantly ever going to
be shooting at the side part of the
Sonny's cafe because they have this
really really cute pastel pink wall so
we're going to shoot here and this is my
first outfit
yeah so it's basically my booty drop
some time for outfit number two and
pants yeah I just thank you my past what
we're going to be changing the shooting
place is really beautiful backdrop but
not to be the Sunny's caffeine
we just finished shooting at the Sonny's
cafe area and now we're going to go
somewhere I know every Bowl concepts
yeah so quantify get so creative I am
bringing around sort
we are now at Krispy Kreme yeah bus
Krispy Kreme and we're going to be
shooting at both concepts the right
design and my outfit is absolutely
backless if you guys can people you can
now we're doing outfits number four you
know what I think I've lost mouth
already but we are here at suppose
concept look at that I actually want to
shoot inside quick I really don't think
they're going to let me not done yet but
we're super tired so we're taking a
little break
I just prefer hot so we have here every
first clencher I know it's a man we have
selected ice water and more water but
you think the waiter could sell so we
were tired oh my glasses with the light
ago
kay was gone we are getting back to it
we are going to continue with a shoot
and this is our beautiful background for
what to shoot this second to the last
outfit that type you guys
I am almost and Kapow a thank you
disturbing
as a result gonna shoot on that random
one and we're going to be shooting it at
the bar area of power and super love
this way ahead of us we are finally done
shooting
you
