here is so today I'm going to be
spending on my Sunday and salut because
they have a Mother's Day celebration and
they have items needs to throughout my
life super excited to try on everything
in their face
we are waiting for the police to host a
Nicole and I think they fell so they
serve customs
these are rice
we are not very happy right now because
suppose we yes but we go
and welcome our of gas phase and our
children to grow on
watch it easy
program is over and I'm so happy that I
can find a receipt so I filled up my
face as much as I could and help them
have absolutely food is from Mindanao
which I never eat rice so fifty first I
just try it out
why a favorite miss from the buffet
exists that one with the orange sauce
and discontinued and it's basically
correct area but with some math exactly
what it is finished my book free at
follow and I am super duper falls off of
the food was so good but I actually had
no idea what I was doing because they
were could be from Mindanao and they
also gave me a rose
firstly I got super duper coliform
essence is solid that I ended up falling
asleep so I literally woke up thank you
I'm just kidding I had makeup tonight I
am a super generic one hi
wipe away because I didn't need after
that I realized in Richard and my
favorite flavor is chocolate chips to do
hey this is a 1.5 litter of chocolate
chip cookie delight my favorite intruder
I get to it and put two eggs in the
chocolate chips in July
pretty bad though
