a lot of you I am sure that a lot of
what a guys what's up it's addy here
welcome back to my channel so today I'm
going to be showing you guys all of the
stuff I got from X shop
I'm sure a lot of you have no idea what
the f shop is I want to be not surprised
that you've never heard of it because X
shop is actually short for Savior shop
and Savior is a high school here in
Metro Manila every year during their
high school fair they hold this thing
called the extra how Excel works is all
of the students in a tons of them some
different items select parents organize
all of the donated items and the altar
manager selling of the items I bought
tons and tons of stuff that I even have
to divide this video in two parts and
that's how much stuff I got so let's get
started I got a bunch of types of
t-shirts because I don't know I just
really like wearing them they're so
comfortable especially you know for
everyday use not even for going to the
gym just doing errands or something it's
just so comfortable to wear so I really
try to stock up on it
doctor chairs are pretty expensive
especially if you want the really good
quality ones which is of course Nike
Adidas Under Armour all these friends so
I was super excited when I saw
consonance of different directors in
extra so the first one I got is from
Nike it's this basic white dry fit shirt
it just has an ombre gray pattern effect
so I also got this red dry sister I
really like this one because it super
reminds me of a soccer uniform and it's
super comfy this one is my favorite one
I love love love the Under Armour brand
and when I saw this I just grabbed it
because I love black and I love Pele so
this is just the perfect word for me I
got these new rice insurance for just 20
pesos each left rice 20 buses each so
all in all I spent 60 pesos on these
gray the truth next up is this beautiful
skirt from
Sarah I just love the print of the skirt
and it that means it's me really well
and the brand is Zara and I just thought
it for 20 pesos that's right you guys
this beautiful pattern Zara skirts is
just 20 pesos I also found this
beautiful red dress with a belt buckle
detail over here the brand is actually
mango and I just got it for 50 pesos I
also found this address from Zara I'm
not that familiar with a brown but it's
just such a beautiful dress as a short
dress I've mainly got it because of the
detailing on it look at that embroidery
day I got this just for fifty pesos one
of my favorite science is this gorgeous
cocktail dress from Zara yellow I've
never been such a fan of yellow but when
I saw this dress it was just so
beautiful look at that detailing in the
front and the back and it's just a short
pop tail dress and I saw it I just
grabbed it and I really hope that it
would fit me and it did so I got it this
cocktail dress is just you guessed it
silky pencil
I like this pair of peep toes with some
abstract graphic prints on it I don't
know I just really like the print I
agree with it the second I saw it I
really love this leave that you Kaling
here and the prints yet honestly it's
really the prints that got me it's just
so beautiful I don't know why I just
liked it and the brand is although this
Paris cost me 50 pesos you can never go
wrong with black pumps I mean look at
this it's so beautiful I just couldn't
resist because of this detailing in the
back I know what you don't get on the
first but in the back it has this hard
detail on the heel also the brand is
every new this pair cost me 50 pesos I
also got this pair of snakeskin sandals
I just love the whole effect of the
texture give these are actually from
Nine West and they just cost fifty pesos
my favorite find out of all of the shoes
is this pair it looks so odd I mean
looking at mckeil and everything it
looks a bit odd but it is amazingly
comfortable and this is actually Marc
Jacobs it's just something that you can
easily pair with casual or formal wear
and it's easy to walk in because it's
not you know a stiletto or anything like
that there's more balance with this shoe
that's why I wear it a lot and that is
why it's my favorite and this one also
cost me 50 cents this way you guys know
I don't just buy heels I also buy a flat
and this is a perfect example this one
is Kate Spade slip-on look at that
that's so beautiful I really love the
color of these I love the fit they're
just so easy to wear especially if
you're doing errands for the day it's
just one of those no-brainer things you
can just wear with about anything so
these capes a slip ons cost me 20 bucks
on this one I haven't worn yet that's
why it's still in the box
it's because I'm afraid to spoil it I
don't know so this is basics of the left
low heel and the thing that I really
really love about it is this not details
right here I don't expect to see it but
it has a cute little not in detail here
I'm very excited to find an outfit that
I can actually wear with this pair this
one costs me a 50 pesos so I think all
of the shoes are basically 50 pesos I
also got a sneakers this is a really
really cute pair from Ted's I love
purple and it fits me so well it's brand
new like the soul times they've been
worn and not usually a fan and sneakers
or rubber to stuff like that but this
one is just too cute I said let it go
this one this cost me no not just
because it just cost when you pass up I
was already ready to face a few passes
for it but they were like oh that's
plenty fast and I was like okay and then
I went back and look for more sneakers
so I got one more this one is still in
the box
you guys
Chansey says Lacoste on it this is how
it looks like these are leather sneakers
I don't think I own the Snickers
lakeview so I was super excited to get
it this beautiful pair of leather
Lacoste shoes cost me 20 next up I'm
going to show you guys the back set that
I got this is a duffle bag I super love
the neutral color it's great and it has
the Ralph Lauren prints on it this is
the biggest bag I got I've actually been
looking for a really good movie Kantor
back to have and this is great because
you can carry it like this or you can
carry it for the strap to this beautiful
Ralph Lauren duffle bag just cost 50
pesos now on to the smaller bags I got I
got this beautiful black crossbody bag
it's super simple but it has really good
gold detailing in this area I realized I
don't have a flap crossbody bag so I
bought it and this gold detailing just
makes it so much better it's so
beautiful so this is how the inside
looks like it has different compartments
and even a zipper pocket right here and
I love that it's a snap bag this bag
actually looks classic enough to be worn
casually and a formally I don't really
see a brand name on it but it is made in
Italy genuine leather this bag cost me
the key past this is another bag I got
it's the basics of the lab really
velvety bag I just love touching it and
you look at that I don't know if you
guys can see how soft it is but it's so
small
like a pillow and just what is a brand
Carlo Cellini is super interested this
one does cost me fifty pesos and that's
it for all of the clothes bags and shoes
that I got I hope you enjoyed every
minute of it if you did don't forget to
like this video and if you haven't yet
you can subscribe to my channel and if
you have any questions or comments you
can just leave it in the comment box
below if you want to see all of the deck
for furniture yes I said furniture stay
tuned for part two of this video thank
you guys so much for watching I'll see
you guys next time
