yes check out what I just found
gorgeous leather jacket but um I don't
know how much hey guys so today I've
decided to show you guys my favorite
shopping places right here in SM
Megamall I love shopping here a lot back
to me but I only shop here when they're
on sale earth throughout the store
so yeah I'm going to show you guys my
favorite one right now every time I go
shopping I always always always start
off at my favorite shop which is of
course
hot cha yeah so I always start off my
shopping trip here I only help here with
their own sailin right now there's 70%
off so I'm going to check out this stuff
I want to get I always love how soft
shop goes on sale because they always
put everything according to price so for
example it is one $5.99 plus nine I tend
to really depending on your budget you
can check out whichever restaurant
usually I go from the cheapest draft to
the most expensive round and yeah that's
that's how I do it I don't know
I am such a sign of bralette and I found
a bunch of cute ones right here I'll
show this today this one is this one put
all over you no one on sale and it's
just 399 and I also found a white one
this one's a white one look at that I
think this was actually prettier hand
okay oh no $2.99 so cheap I just found a
wrap party so let's check it out
I also a really love body soup but
they're kinda pricey most of the time
for emerging how much will be involved
this one again this one looks super cute
you guys and how much then Wow
so this one is just a $700 on sale but
your original price is like 1/7 and now
it's 700 clothes a leopard one is
relaxed but this is not my face I'm not
giving up this more crop top
thank you we also have a bunch of tail
dresses on sale but I don't know I don't
need your plans and you of them right
now and people and they're also kind of
pricey boots into definitely gonna get
it
that's how do I know the sales price on
this jacket that I just found originally
I lost myself on foot and on sale right
now 4 to 5 that's really not bad
considering it's leather and leather
spur on it yeah this a really good life
sometimes I also check out their new
items because I want to know what I'm
looking forward to in their next sale
right now I am super obsessed with these
handles right here look at those for
youth page let's go to you guys look at
these three slip on it because 1995 so
that's pretty steep for me so I'm not
going to go for that but if they go on
sale and it's still here until you get
buy it yeah oh and they also have shoes
for seriously
the only downside to find shoes on scale
is up there probably not going to have a
lot of size options for you like this
one for example
gorgeous gorgeous and it's so cheap on
today it's just a thousand it's $9.99
this one's just $9.99 but it was all the
size 10 and I'm a size 8 so I can't buy
it another place I love going to its hmm
I I just love it when they go on sale
it's crazy like their sale items are on
sale that which you service click on
like right now it says light we get what
green ok of course I'm going to check
this out
so the sale items are also on table that
make sense okay in every store they
always try to spread out this a license
but there's always some one big sale
area and that's what I'm looking for
straight now god you guys I can't read
I'm so excited to check this out okay
can we just pause a bit and look at all
these good ships that they have they
have a we have the gorgeous glittery one
who is the fifty Burkhardt also it
around at all time they also have these
nice lace looking one
so it's also thousands but of course I'm
going to go for the cheaper ones which
are currently over here come here out I
always look under I don't know it's just
a thing I do because no one really looks
there so usually good stop art leaders I
really like you but I need to find two
very poor more items to get one for free
if this one would have been contributed
but I don't know if you
I really look through all the nooks and
crannies you never know what you're
going to find and check as a valid
Justin brick you just look at the color
I love you but they're on my size and
unfortunately I think it's the last one
and stuff so I'm just going to put it
back okay
this draft looks very promising they
look like cocktail dresses accessible
I'm going to do this one
so I got a bunch of stuff and I'm going
to try it on of course everything I got
what's on sale just you know that's how
I did it okay not that this was supposed
to matter but to me just a book and a
dressing room there's like two marriage
and he picked best dressing room I have
seen so far I found this gorgeous silver
gown and I think I'm going to get it it
looks kind of big on me but as well I
think I just have to adjust decide let
them on sale so I guess channeling our I
also lay the stress if it's on sale for
half of another place I love a shop
again are those random pop-up outlet has
there's one right here in the back wall
so I'm going to cut out
I wasn't allowed to film inside but I
did get a little shopping done and I
didn't get anything home but I think a
lot of you guys will actually find
self-assessing is identity like the
quality of the stock and a lot of them
also didn't fit me because you know I'm
so small for practically everything and
that my plus size is eight so those are
pretty normal sizes that usually get
sold out fast so I wasn't able to find
stuff that fit me but I did find some I
actually liked but they didn't fit me so
yeah maybe you guys will have better
luck when you try it out and that's it
for today stopping adventure thank you
guys so much for liking commenting and
subscribing I hope you guys enjoyed this
video I'll see you guys next time bye
