I can't decide pink blue pink or blue
hello my lovelies that's addy here
welcome back to my channel so today
we're going to be testing out these
babies right here these are the derp -
Korean face masks lately I've been super
obsessed with skincare face masks mud
masks you name it I'm super going to try
it so I can't wait to test out these new
products before it begins of the video
don't forget to subscribe to my channel
and to click that notification bell so
you can become one of my lovelies
this will definitely be a new experience
for me because I have never tried
anything from the dermis product line so
I'm super excited to get into this and a
face masks or something I love doing I
think I do a face mask every week
actually I think I should do it more
these dear my Tris Korean face masks are
cruelty free silicone free sulfate free
and paraben free
they are also hyper allergenic and
suited for all skin types I have two
types of the face masks the pink one and
the blue one the pink one is the
microfiber sheet mask it's a both a thin
soft microfiber sheet that maximizes
moisturizing and prevents skin
irritation the blue one is their air
pocket sheet mask it has countless air
pockets of the sheet that helps better
skin absorption both face mask types
have a 4 in 1 effect wrinkle improvement
skin elasticity whitening and
moisturizing these are actually all of
the stuff I myself I'm trying to address
with my skin since I'm getting older
wrinkles moisturizing skin elasticity
that's something I know I have to work
on so I'm super excited to see just how
this works these face masks have ten
main ingredients that help improve your
skin and at the same time it prevents
pretty much her aging I can't decide
pink sounds kind of nice but the blue
ones canonised - I don't know what do
you guys think pink or blue I've decided
to go with the blue one these are Mayra
slang lasting hydration face masks just
because this whole air pocket sheet mask
technology is so new to me and I super
wanna see what its gonna do to my face
let's open this up
so each box has five masks that's
actually a lot it feels really gently
like which I think it's a good sign
especially since it says it's the
long-lasting hydration type let's follow
the instructions so the first step is to
thoroughly cleanse your face before
using the mask as you guys can see I
have no makeup on me right now well
except of course for my brows and my
lips because you know I didn't want to
look completely weird in this video
other than that this is completely
makeup free the next step is to take the
masks out of its package and fold it and
place the sheet on the face then I have
to keep the mask on for 10 to 20 minutes
and then I can remove it if there is
residual essence on the face gently tap
on it so that they can be absorbed into
the skin that's simple enough
basically just apply this the same way
you would apply any other face mask so I
brought back my kitty ears for this whoa
I don't know you guys saw that but
product just squirt it out of the
package I'm taking that as a good sign
and that they are very generous with
their product wow this is a very wet
mask and you know what that's how I
prefer it I think the more product is on
the face mask itself the better it's
gonna help your skin
I look at super weird right now
but I love the smell of the mass I wish
you guys could smell it from where you
are right now this is how I like putting
on masks I try to make it cover as much
skin surface as possible when some of
the product gets stuck to my hand I like
taking it down to my neck just so the
neck also gets all that good
moisturizing goodness I look so
attractive right now ah sure I don't
even think I should be talking while
putting this on you know trying out
different face masks just makes me
realize that my face is so small if you
guys can see there's a lot of excess
here under my neck my forehead isn't
even enough for the forehead part of
this mask it's just you know my face is
tiny I put 20 minutes on the clock and I
will see you guys in 20 minutes
it's been more than 20 minutes so now
I'm gonna be removing the mask it's
actually still stuff left on the mask
there's no product on my face so now I'm
gonna be patting it down just so it gets
absorbed by this kid this is the end
product as you guys can see my face is
so moisturized and naturally dewy I know
it looks a bit red but that's something
that happens to me with every mask I try
I super love the effect of this mask and
it smells so good most masks smell
really weird to me I don't like strong
smelling products so this one is just
the perfect balance of fresh and floral
and it's all over my face and I love it
I love the feeling this is definitely
something I'm gonna do so much more
I already feel the great effects it also
has a very calming effect overall I am
loving the effect of the face mask on my
skin this is actually one of the most
moisturizing face masks I have ever
tried and it's not because they you know
overfilled the pouch with too much
product I think it's a product it sells
my face feels so good it feels so
moisturized and plump and healthy it
feels like I just treated myself to the
spa I highly recommend this product to
you guys especially if you're into
skincare and if you're like me and
you're trying to find a way to age
backwards then
I think this is something you should
definitely check out you can buy this
through my wrists face mask from
Watson's mercury drugstores and lazada
this is one of the most moisturizing
face masks I have ever tried and I have
tried a lot of face masks so I
definitely recommend this to you guys
that's it for this video thank you guys
so much for watching and don't forget to
Like comment and subscribe to my channel
I'll see you guys on my next video
