hey guys let's after i'm on the way to
some excuse because i have a photo shoot
for risk risk or risky I don't know so i
have a photo shoot for a shoe band and
yes and sweet kind of raid but what
super late but i have 10 minutes to get
there so yeah wish me luck I kind of
took long the cars I had to do my own
hair and i will make up i even dress
myself i think this is going to be fun
ok ok so we finally made it I've never
been here before is Indiana got lost but
your shears give you say
ok so we were a really brief but here's
a paper over here with the tell me what
I'm supposed to be bloody shot Cole
bodies for fun so those life is the
photo shoot thing as a video Carson just
the room of the best lighting parlor I
yeah yeah I got the first letter you
think that's me like a waiting game I'm
not even sure if I can bring this inside
I know so we're here for waiting area
the wife waiting room these are the
other girls say hi I don't know them yet
that i will i will trace sauna yeah yeah
you remember come yeah from the mirror
oh hi just like I don't do it though
they are finally where competition so
why are we this cave you know this whole
time I thought it was the risk it was
tonight no one knows go to pronounce
their brand okay so we're going in and
we can have a group shot okay oh I
should have asked for Midland before
doing this someone get it in the song
you
so we just finished a group shot and now
we're going to be late mini group shots
so I'm this with kyla the girl with the
beauty nice coat and then gone on no one
was awesome makeup done I got her make
off perfectly can usually make la vida
scanty from Cebu shadow in yeah I
actually do hi so this is kyla she's
like oh no wonder I was a behold
awakened to you but she wants to be 17
okay and I love her cool I love at the
adulation yeah look at that school
already got it but I'm gonna look for it
so I'm here and the white room because
it has the best lighting they're just
taking selfies and doing random stuff
playing here with it tonight and hi hi
hi puffy would like happy I get so their
interior designers cool
here or possess underscore p I think
they're the only entry that prepared I
think I should have gotten a pair they
have this cool skull wow I got back it's
pretty nice nice well now it's our
groups turn to take a picture so yeah
I'm the first one here yeah
this is unfunded photographer list of a
younger person are you wearing your all
right no they are not wearing the
product so I'm going to give you a tour
of the studio that's it there's just a
bunch of life there's more over there
and basically all white yeah the zipper
team of the day wipe and resume your
place oh I'm sorry these are all the
shoes i get to where you see them these
are all the shoes there so few assess i
especially like this fair is it is super
to you I like the pieces he look at this
the charge here farsh here on the field
system period these are the shoes I
would get back there hand-painted
okay so i'm up neck ok so i guess the
way I comes of shoes today that's how I
owner
you
heavy cleanse and shooting and now I can
go home it was pretty short like I think
I waited more than I actually shot what
I asked me already shot photos videos I
hope it looks like I hope they think ok
so I am here outside the studio waiting
for my cop car wonder how I can get to
the gate cause it's raining that's gonna
walk hopefully nothing bad happens to my
mic and to my camera car says keep
I mix it with a gap car thank goodness i
think my camera is fine because you know
i'm shooting right now i hope its head
and then my mic i don't know i'll check
swing on the way home now minarets so
tired so we actually did a photoshoot
and a video shoot that risk gay is going
to use as promotional materials so I'm
very excited about that actually the
shoot as for escape affect their brand
ambassador for taking free so fingers
crossed fingers crossed I hope I wanted
to see because I'm gonna get tons and
tons of new shoes i super love shoes so
i would love that so i'll let you guys
know if i were to continue ok ok so i
made it home easy I'm gonna pass under
training
she is so rashly passing by the parking
lot but it is on getting my camera with
alright so thank you guys for watching
today's episode if you haven't subscribe
to my channel you know the stick
subscribe and yes thanks so much for
watching catch the next one
