hey guys what's up I just came back from
my trip to the magetta which is why I am
very tan right now the whole trip was
pretty awesome and I will be blogging
about that very soon but one of the best
things I did in Dumaguete there was to
find and pukka pukka I walked in there
and I was like huh everything important
branded and still with tags so today I'm
going to show you guys all the awesome
stuff I got from the okapi places in the
magenta I'm super excited to show you
guys so yeah let's get started
I would wanted to do a try on haul for
you guys but all of these stuff hasn't
been washed or cleaned properly so I
just didn't want to do that I will do a
lookbook on it though so stay tuned for
that
so the first thing I want to show you
guys this gorgeous glass skirt with
feather detailing look at that it's so
gorgeous I've actually been looking for
a skirt exactly like this for years now
I I don't know why I just I just
couldn't find it at the right price I
found really expensive ones which are
about I don't know $60 but I'm not gonna
buy that it's too expensive so when I
found this an atom a I just grabbed it
like I didn't even ask for the price I
just got it no questions asked
it still has a tag it's from Lucy Faris
it was the last one and stop and it's in
my size it's an extra small so it's my
size so I was so happy about that
and the best part about this it's of
course the price since I bought a bunch
of stuff I got a discount on everything
I bought so they sold this real 100
pesos but I got it for way less next up
we have this gorgeous pink top look at
that detailing and the front isn't it so
gorgeous I also love the shade of pink
well I've never heard of this brand but
there's still like a tag thing on it and
I don't know why I guess I lost the time
so it's basically brand new and they're
selling it for a hundred pesos but of
course I got a discount so I don't know
maybe this is 80 pesos
okay the next ones are pretty girly so
brace yourselves I got this gorgeous
pink tutu look at that it's so beautiful
you asked like sheer stuff and then has
a bunch of it has a bunch of tool over
here
it's from rare London I don't know if
you guys know that brand but it's
obviously from London I have also been
looking for a skirt like this for a
while now and it's just so funny how I
found it in a book like okay and oh my
goodness oh that is amazing and this one
is also 100 pesos I know right I can't
believe it either
it's so cute so I've also got another to
do but the Simon black because you know
a girl needs black this one's pretty
cool because if you look at the the
fabric it has little polka dots on it
what I find really cute which is also
one of the reasons I just grabbed it Wow
okay I never saw the brand before but
look at that it's from Nasty Gal
that's amazing it's from Nasty Gal it's
in my size and this one is also 100
pesos listen it's so cute okay anyway
next up is this gorgeous white top I
didn't even understand what it was when
I first saw it so it's like a crop top
type of thing in the front but in the
back it's a bit long and it's very
backless so it's just an overall
gorgeous piece that I am very excited to
wear and it still has its original tags
it's from solace London I don't have a
piece that's similar to this so I'm very
excited to see how I style it and how I
could wear it out next up I'm going to
show you guys my favourite piece from
everything I got so if you think
everything else was amazing this one is
so much more amazing okay I got this
gorgeous floor-length sequin skirt it's
so gorgeous this material is so loved I
love the sequins I love the shade of
gold and I love that it's matte finish
it's not like shiny sequence which I
don't really like I don't know if you
guys can see it but it's serpentina so
it hugs the hips and then it just
spreads out at the bottom which i think
is really beautiful and sexy I was super
excited when I saw this I kid you
I literally just grabbed it from banner
and then I just pulled it down and now I
have it so this also has a tag it's from
Lucy Parris I know I can't wear this out
every day but I can't wait to find an
event that would be perfect
for the skirt they were selling this for
200 pesos but since I got tons of stuff
I got a really good discount on it so
this is everything I got in my new
favorite book I placed into magetta it's
called Alamein everything I got amounted
to 800 pesos but I was able to haggle it
down to 600 pesos so I got all of this
beautiful stuff for just six hundred
pesos
isn't that amazing considering they all
have tags and they're all imported I am
just so happy that I got all of these
things so next up I have this really
cute dress
is it teal is it turquoise I'm really
not sure but I love the color I love the
v-neck and the front and I love the V in
the back I also love this detailing at
the bottom it's just really cute the
original price of this was 150 but I was
able to haggle it down to 100 pesos so
yeah I'm really happy with this it's
such a cute quirky little dress and last
but not least I got this gorgeous
vintage looking bag I love this black
textured material and the mix of black
and gold it's just so gorgeous to me the
brand is Eiffel Collection I don't know
I've never really heard of that brand so
I got this for 100 pesos which i think
is pretty cheap for a bag this good
there's no damage on it I just have to
clean it it actually reminds me of my
everyday bag my Fino bag if you guys
have no idea what I'm talking about
check out my what's in my bag video this
is the only bag I got and I'm very happy
with it if you guys ever visit them I
gather if you live there
check out alum a that was one of the
best hookah experiences of my life I'm
not even kidding if you guys liked this
video and all of the stuff I showed you
just give it a thumbs up if you want me
to do a look book or a try on haul just
let me know in the comments down below
if you guys want to be updated with all
of the awesome videos I come up with
just click the subscribe button
and if you can't get enough of me no I'm
just kidding if you guys want to connect
with me or just talk to me you can
follow me on Facebook on my Instagram
and of course on my blog so I am on all
of those platforms all the time that's
it for this video thank you guys so much
for watching
