hey guys what's up it's addy here
welcome to my channel so today I've
decided to do a little haul for you guys
I just got back from doing Christmas
shopping and Divisoria so I can't wait
to show you guys all the stuff I got so
I got this cute little cute the first
thing I got is this cute bath set so it
comes with a flower loofah and then has
a bath loofah over here then it has an
exfoliator thing I know whatever it's
it's it's a bath set and I got it for
just two hundred pesos which is great
and the best part is it's already
wrapped and ready to go so I just have
to put a card and then I'm good and it
also comes in two different colors
actually it also comes in pink but I
only got the blue and the brown because
I planning to give this to older people
cuz I don't know for some reason I feel
like they would appreciate the s'mores
so I also got this loofah and this cute
colorful loofah because I'm planning to
make like a little care package for one
of my friends so my plan is to put these
two loofahs along with her favorite bath
and body stuff so yeah that's why I got
these um this one is 50 pesos and this
one is 30 pesos so I spent 80 pesos on
these two I also got this for myself one
of those things you use when you put on
makeup so your hair doesn't get in the
way yeah that's that's what it's for
these are actually got for myself
because I need it when I put on makeup
so yeah I got these they just cost
twenty pesos which is really good so
it's like ten pesos each now we're gonna
do the fun stuff I got this cute
Starbucks thermos for my little sister
cause she's obsessed with Starbucks so I
thought this would be really cute for
her I got this for a hundred pesos it
just has this thing over here where you
can drink and then it closes fat I think
this is a nice quirky item to give to
people who love Starbucks I also got my
sister these shades aren't they cool
yeah she really likes black
and all the neutral colors so I thought
by her really cool dark aviators with
silver stuff on the sides would be nice
these I got for fifty pesos but if you
buy it wholesale
I think it's thirty pesos these are so
cute a lot of my friends are actually
obsessed with these characters so it's
Domo nut there are and Big Macs actually
little coin purses and you can put stuff
in it and they're really these are
actually four for a hundred so it's
twenty five passes each home oh I got
through thought they're us because I
have a lot of friends who know each
other oh yeah so next up I got this via
Mac's pouch I bought it for my sister
it's so cute look at that and then at
the back there's a zipper so you can put
stuff in be mad
so this costs 80 pesos and it's a cute
and I just like touching it make a few
bags okay so I also got this cute baymax
sleeping mask and you just wear it over
here like that well you put it over your
eyes you know I'm not gonna do that now
anyway so this cute little sleeping mask
cost me 40 pesos
okay I think you're noticing a theme
with the stuff I got so I have these
baymax f3 f3 I got three baymax things
because my older sister is super
obsessed with me map so I got her all of
these things so I think I could've made
like a baymax gift set for her which i
think is really cute so I also got this
cute motivational display thing for my
brother
it says opportunities don't happen you
create them the harder the harder
conflict to what the harder the conflict
the more glorious the triumph
I got this for him because for some
reason he's the one with tons of
bookshelves in his room and I thought it
would be a good break for all of those
books if he had this look
metal thing displayed over there this
costs 100 pesos not bad right that's
really nice decor for the room so
another thing I got for my brother is
this vape it comes with a case and
there's just tons of stuff in here these
are the parts of the vape and then you
just put them together and then yeah you
start beeping I like it cuz the tip you
can actually move it around yeah I think
that's a really good add to this also
comes with vape juice this one is banana
flavor I also got him other flavours so
I got mint coffee because he likes
coffee and another run out of it comes
in this pouch so it's easy to bring
around this one cost me 350 will for the
unit and then the the vape juice was
three four hundred so that's why I got
him free every time I try to buy gifts
from my friends I always try to buy them
the same things or similar things
because you know I don't want them to
think that whoo I like this friend
better than the other so this year my
friendship gift for all my friends that
are girls are these cute necklaces so I
got tons and tons of necklaces they come
in different designs this one's the
heart and then this one's like a
nameplate I think with this one I can
actually engrave their names on it which
is a bright yeah yeah
oh that's it yeah so we're all gonna be
matching I think that's pretty cool
well I think that's pretty cool I don't
know about you guys
so these necklaces just cost 50 pesos
per piece that's already holds it fresh
my favorite buy from this trip is this
cute white blanket I know I love
touching stuff on my channel this is the
best thing to touch in this entire haul
it's just so soft it's not free but it's
very fluffy feeling and it's just a cute
little blanket this is a twin size
thanketh that I got for 180 pesos yeah
it's the cheapest I found in the
Victoria so I got like six I got it in
Wyatt's and I
got it in this dark blue I also got it
in red I got two of each and I'm
obviously gonna keep the white one yeah
this is gonna go on this couch so yeah
this is my new favorite blanket huh keep
breathing the best part is it's so soft
and silky and smooth and I just can't
stop touching it again okay I'm gonna
put that down over there if you want to
do your Christmas shopping in Divisoria
I suggest you do it on weekdays because
during the weekends it's gonna be super
full
especially since long days are coming up
I hope you guys enjoyed this video if
you did give it a thumbs up if you guys
are new to my channel and you want to be
updated on when I put out new videos
just click the subscribe button if you
have any questions about this haul or
about the vist Oriya just leave it in
the comment box below that's it for this
video thank you guys so much for
watching I'll see you guys next time
