hey guys what's up it's Aggie here today
is a good day because I'm gonna show you
guys my favorite sponsored products so
just to give you a little background
about what I'm talking about I actually
started out as a blogger then I just
recently transitioned into vlogging so I
thought it would be a cool idea to sort
of intersect at certain points so for
those of you don't know companies
usually send bloggers a bunch of their
products you know to try out and - of
course blog about I actually got a bunch
of it every month so I decided to pick
my top three packages and share them all
with you so hopefully you'll enjoy them
as much as I have out of everything I
got these three are the ones I'm super
duper love let's go through it muttering
first up we have my package from Beauty
Mandela if you guys have never heard of
eat in Manila it's basically this online
store that sells beauty products they
want to meet the experience what it's
like to shop on their website that's it
was pretty easy fp1 worse stuff than I
thought I would I also love their
packaging it's as beautiful in the front
and there
and in the back it says finally a beauty
destination for you it's super cute with
you and I don't course I got fat liquid
lipsticks I seriously cannot get enough
of these I love them to death and I will
keep buying them even if they're not
attend anymore I will keep buying them
they're amazing
I got four different colors so I wanted
strength long after you got them for 115
as is each so that's three cheese it's
actually the cheapest I found for real
liquid lipstick what you're probably
wondering why my hair looks super
different right now I guess for some
weird reason I must check up this video
so I'm just reading it now are you so
anyway so I got these in four colors
South Asia Jen the nine that let's test
them out let's just swap
this one's Nash Asia is Jen and
tonight the NIDA yeah tonight love the
packaging really simple and you can
really see the color wow that smells are
you good it smells like candy I wonder
how long it takes for this to dry it's
right now and as you can see a chart of
- a nice matte finish color you should
do it's much less intense my rub it
there's nothing you smudge Wow
that's much nothing transferred zone
yeah guess these are good next up we
have this love and citrus soap bar from
Vietnam Naturals I got this for around
300 pesos
not bad fern hand it's one of the main
reasons I actually got this because
because I read tons of reviews about it
and everyone loved it I said I did not
see one single bad review about it Sean
got really serious so I got it it's also
locally produced all natural so that's a
plus of course this is the type of so
that you can actually use both for your
face and for your body and also that's
really great
and right now there's a plastic around
it so I don't know how I smell that it
smells like a spa
not just any spa you know one of those
high-end spas look at how cute that
color is it starts out yellow and
there's an ombre effect returns it
it's pretty cool I can't wait to try
this one next up we have this golden cup
bomb it's just the super cute thing if I
got this for 25 pesos basically it's for
what is it do okay so this is for the
relief of muscular reminiscent okay
rabbit enzyme strains headache impacted
by its same sprints and nasal congestion
Wow this can use so many things so tiny
that you can just throw it anywhere and
it's gonna fit this how the inside looks
like actually has a nice subtle menthol
smell which I like I don't like the
really strong ones and then it ends up
getting in your I just got annoyed I
actually got two of these and one of
them is in my bag I bring it with me
everywhere I go
so whenever I feel any type of pain
anywhere in my body I just take it out
and yeah I'm fine
I actually have like a little mosquito
bite here and I just put this right
before i did the video and i think it's
doing sorry i haven't added scratched it
thank you pick - the last thing I got is
this
it's a feelings pouch it's not a beauty
product but this is where I can find all
of the Mickey products I got so yeah
that's that's why I got it see what I
did I actually got it because of the
design it's nice simple but I find it
kind of quirky so I got it
this one costs 150 pesos it's also
locally made this is my new makeup pouch
and that's it for all this stuff I got
from Beauty vanilla next up I got a
bunch of stuff from Eden's paradise it's
this Instagram shop that sells beauty
products are locally made all-natural
so for soap with kinda weird names tofu
beans radish so premium escargot so yeah
as in the snail these are actually hack
made soap bars oh that's so cute
look they have their little low
actually curious how the smiles back I
wonder this smells like radish
this one's crackers so wow that smells
like flowers it smells like a really
good flowers that does not smell like
radish oh I've no idea how radish smells
like this smells good
this is the tofu beans oh I'm not sure
what that was like
again those not smell like tofu it
literally smells like fruit Allah I'm
not kidding that suppose are you good
I'm gonna use this tonight you don't
love anyway one of my favorites Kenshin
so I'm gonna shower in Ganges tonight
this was the premium as far nor so I
don't think I need to know how I
startled it smells like judging by the
others so far this one smells like an
orange yeah
this smells like a sweet orange piece
all smells really good yeah I even
double-checked I don't know their names
I would rename them this would be in
citrus or this would be sweet orange
this one would be flowers and this one
would be fruit Ella yeah no just kidding
but they all smell good and I can't wait
to try them so let's check out the
benefits of the so Medicaid that is so
bad nice car so but I don't have Batman
so I can't that's the body feels so
evens out skin tone smooth and rough
skin removes dead skin cells items body
scars
okay I'm gonna test for that one improve
skin that's a bad way to try them next
up we have lip custard cream another
thing that smells like candy I think
there's a trend in the stuff I end up
liking this one is a brown teddy shade
and this member with your barrier shape
my favorite is the winterberry shape
it's so nice and so big the reason I
like this product so much just because
it gives your lips a nice natural pink
glow which is an I really like it
applies on really lightly actually a bit
watered down that's right over here and
let's just wait for that to dry I think
it dry now this is how it looks like and
if you put on more it's gonna look stay
here you can keep patting at all
we have these products from the Thera
check them out natera basically makes
customized stationery notepads anything
related to paper they send you their
designs for the season and you can pick
the ones you like you can even put
whatever words you want whatever name
you want and then they'll print it out
and then send the deep writing as a
dying art we should support this first
oh that's so cute
it gave me a little new fear mossad your
hope that you'll enjoy writing using the
note cards
it's from Joanne aq Joanne such a sweet
gesture I wanted to cut my parts with my
name on it so when I give people gifts
you know my name is already on it I had
these made so check the comic I just
have my name it says a do-more it's in
gold and it also has an outline and cold
I really like it it's simple and classic
very personalized and all the time so
not elope so your complete and I had
another one made it's so cute it's us
hello gorgeous this is four rounds of
letters I want to send out and it also
comes a lot balloons
my favorite item from that era is this
customized notepad so check it out
it basically has this watercolor type
design
the world is my runway yeah which is
like my mantra like actually no it's not
it's just something I I would love to
see every day and when I make little
notes so yeah in the queue I have time
for this actually it's so pretty I don't
even know if I want to use it and that's
it four of my favorite spots your
products I hope you guys enjoyed the
video if you liked any of these products
just check the description below I'm
just gonna put the different lengths to
the different brands if you have any
questions or comments or if you'd like
me to make a separate video for a
certain product you like here I could
probably do that so just let me know and
the comment box below and if you like
this video just give it a thumbs up
please click the thumbs up over here if
you haven't subscribed to my channel you
can just click the red button over there
it does I mean you and you do but it
would be very pertinent at all what do
you think of the videos of how I can
improve on them videos you would like to
see so just leave a comment down below
I'll have some comments are welcome like
if you want to say something mean I
guess that's okay but if you want to say
something good please do I would love
that and hopefully you know some of
these products would be helpful for you
or it's something you've been looking
for and you found it
okay I'll probably No thank you guys for
watching you are all amazing for making
it to this point
