before we get into the video get into
the video hello my lovelies it's addy
here welcome back to my channel so today
I'm gonna be doing a PR unboxing haul
for all of you guys cuz I just got well
just a few packages but it has a lot of
stuff in it so I thought it would be a
great idea to show you guys all these
three packages also I already shot the
other here unboxing haul with more stuff
and these they are kind of leftover and
I didn't see them that's my bad
that's my bad so yeah they get a special
video look wari begin to the video don't
forget to subscribe to my channel so you
can become one of my lovelies if you
wanna be my lovely you got a clip
subscribe
yeah bit up that song right now anyway
if you guys want to check out all of the
awesome stuff that ran said me just keep
on watching first up whoa this is heavy
sending you over some bottles of my
favorite juice tin from Australia Spring
Valley this is from my friend ace she's
promoting Spring Valley a beautifully
packaged package and it even has a
sunflower alright so I can use that for
decor also house around Oh believe so I
have six flavors Spring Valley apple
banana berry mango banana or mango
banana more mango banana oh this is
different
orange juice I have never tried and
you've used before so I'm super excited
to try it I'm going to be trying the
mango banana and nectar from Spring
Valley it says here it has no
preservatives I love drinks that are
all-natural and having preservatives I
think that's great so now we just have
to see if it actually tastes good wow
that is so good
i legit face the mango
and the banana and it tastes so real
well I think it's real cause it says
here no preservatives so of course it's
real I love this it's so good I can't
wait to try the other flavors special
shout out to Spring Valley and of course
to ace thank you so so much next stop I
have this beautiful a Christmas package
blue it's like it's Christmas again
alright so this one hi addy greetings
from vane City thank you so much ravine
city sheer joy beauty care is a locally
grown brand but product formulation has
originated in Japan all products are
highly effective for whitening and
smoothening of skin hope you love all of
the products my pronouncing this
correctly she Roy she Roy Shiro shoot
mmm okay I give up let's check out what
is in this box
look at that it's really filled to the
brim I love products like this okay so
let's start it off with this one this is
the shiroi whitening perfume
so let's minutes you know how I love
smelling wow that smells good they
weren't kidding about this whole being a
perfume soap thing so it does smell like
a perfume but it smells like one of
those fresh scented perfumes so this is
something I definitely want to try I
want to smell fresh and like a perfume
and I also love the color for some
reason it matches my top right now we
also have geez skincare air-cushion CC
cream with SPF 50 oh it even has price
tag it's 700 pesos I love products that
have SPF 50 in it it really shows how
much the brand knows that you really
have to protect my skin from this Sun
the CC cream covers flaws improves the
appearance of rough skin a fine lines
and dark spots I love using CC cream or
BB cream for everyday makeup that's
absolutely what I usually do for normal
everyday happenings
and then when I have special occasions
that's when I do you know foundation
which is heavier and has more coverage
but you know for everyday makeup CC
cream is really a good option after it's
the best option for me especially since
I live in the Philippines and it's just
so hot here DC cream athletes
better on the skin why can't I open this
Wow look at that
packaging I love it it's white and clean
and crisp and silver you know me I'm a
sucker for white we'll check it out it
comes with a cushion this really reminds
me of my current CC cream which is the
one from the face shot that's awesome
and I'm so currently using it I'm a very
very loyal person it's always good to
change it up to try different products
so I can't wait to try this one out
this one is a G skin care skin or a jus
bath and body a birth skin rejuvenator L
sea salt scrub in scrub
oh my god why can't I talk G skin care
natural sea salt scrub in velu bury it
is a moisturizing and whitening with
glutathione and vitamin E so this is a
sea salt scrub I'm gonna try this out
and I'm gonna let you guys know how it
performs you know what let's do the
smell test that smells so good it smells
like fruit Allah it smells like fruit
Allah if it were in blueberry flavor
that's fruit I'll have a blueberry
flavor this is how I imagined blueberry
fruit seller to smell like so I'm
excited to use this all over my body we
also have a Coco berry clarifying a
shampoo pretreatment to the hair
treatment that pre constructs damaged
hair follicles and minimizes undesirable
hair volume interesting I actually don't
really do much to my hair I mean I do
shampoo and conditioner but that's about
it doing a hair treatment I'm not so
sure I'm gonna check if this is
something I'm really game for this one
is a shiroi whitening perfume body
lotion with SPF 45 oh it says here it's
dermatology dermatologically
dermatologically tested a formula in
shop pen you know what when something
says Made in Japan I just immediately
liked it because have you seen the skin
of people from Japan it's amazing
flawless poreless this is a whitening
perfume body lotion oh I think this kind
of matches with the soap because that
was also a whitening perfume soap so I
think this is the lotion that matches
with it I do not put lotion on my body I
know that's bad and I should probably
start putting lotion on my body I think
this is a sign for years all of my
skincare has just been concentrated on
my face and my hands and my neck I never
really cared much about the rest of my
body for some reason but I think I
should and I think I can start with this
product I want to smell this one - it
actually looks like my gel cleanser
okay I'm gonna rub this all over it
smells so good it smells so fresh but
not overwhelming oh this feels good
after you dries down really quickly it
doesn't feel really a greasy on your
skin actually dried down oh so far I am
loving this and I cannot wait to try it
all over my body
the last thing we have in here is the
shiroi whitening facial foam wash with
green tea extract and cooling effect
I've never seen something like this
before
it has a brush head on top what is that
when it feels jelly-like or like
silicone cool okay so I am assuming that
I press this down and it will come out
on the silicone thing and I do like a
facial foam wash never tried any product
like this before so I'm super excited to
try it this product hydrates and
rejuvenates the skin that was highly
exposed to harsh environment yes that is
totally my skin has a cooling effect
that makes you feel calm and make the
skin feel and refresh wow this is such a
weird looking product I mean have you
guys ever seen a product like this but I
have this weird feeling that I'm gonna
love it because it's so weird and I've
ever seen it before so it's probably
gonna be a good thing for my face I
don't know let's see I am super excited
to try this whitening facial foam wash
with this weird brush thing
on its special shout-out to valence city
thank you so so much for sending me all
of these shiroi products I am loving the
smell of the lotion so far and I can't
wait to try everything else if you guys
want me to do a separate video trying
out all of these products from vain City
just let me know in the comments down
below and now for my last package whoa
this is heavy use your business since
it's bigger than my face this package is
actually from the Coffee Bean and Tea
Leaf they gave me a bunch of booties so
this one is ready coffee in hazelnut
honestly I am NOT a coffee drinker at
all I prefer tea over coffee but
hazelnut though I wanna try hazelnut I'm
really secretly hoping that this coffee
tastes like Nutella if it does I may
rethink the whole tea over coffee
decision of my life we have some random
snacks over here so we have superfood
trail mix I actually really love trail
mix oh megabytes
I love manga bites actually anything
related to mango I love and as soon as
cacao nibs naked why are the cacao nibs
naked what does that mean I'm just
kidding I know what cacao nibs naked
means it just means they didn't mix it
up with anything I'm super excited to
try this one this is a healthy way to
get chocolate in your sister Oh another
random strap strap this is an energy bar
it is rich in antioxidants cane sugar
free and dairy free Wow I look like I
like the whole sugar free thing I'm
trying to lessen my sugar because I'm
really scared I'm gonna get diabetes so
all of these healthy snacks perfect
timing
good job CBT oh you're gonna prolong my
life and we also have here chamomile tea
an entire box but
chamomile tea I really don't know how to
pronounce this I like saying chamomile
but people say it's chamomile I don't
know I feel like I'm just a romantic
thanks anyway so yes I got an entire box
of chamomile tea these are so cute
they're baby jars of jam look at that so
adorable I have three flavors we have
pineapple mango strawberry banana and
mango super excited to try this out I
love putting stuff on toast and I feel
like they didn't put any preservatives
in this it's from the summer farms so
gourmet tropical jams Wow we fancy
gourmet chopped yeah I'm sure you've
done you and Lee so excited to try this
I love Jam I love fruits just the
perfect combo you know I also have soft
drinks no I'm just kidding I don't even
think see BTL sells soft drinks these
are all coffee drinks this is cafe latte
this one is americano and this one is
mocha latte never tried these before can
you believe that I've gone through life
without actually legitimately trying
coffee drinks that's so weird I mean I
should have at least tried it right I
think it's a good idea to give it a
chance so okay see DTL I hear you I'll
try coffee so there's more non soft
drinks in a can
this is Pacific Coast iced tea I am also
not a fan of iced tea by the way because
usually iced tea and restaurants are
just powdered iced tea which is
basically sugar so I never really drank
it this one looks like legit iced tea
made out of tea oh yeah it's a cereal
hundred tea leaves filtered water and
sugar so I think I'm gonna give this one
a chance I also got these two flavors of
iced tea interesting we have orchard
peach and passion fruit iced tea I have
tried a peach iced tea somewhere I
forget where but so yes I have a feeling
I'm gonna like this I've tried the real
passion fruit gin but never a passion
fruit ice tea so I'm excited just try
these oh we have more iced tea so this
one is the sparkling various I see I've
actually tried this one I love this one
and it's sparkling I love stuff that are
sparkling and I think if I remember
correctly this has a cute pink color
which is also something I look for in
drinks I know it's so weird this is a
good night drink and dream I have you
tried this one before it's a relaxation
drink someone recommended this to me
before because I said that I had trouble
sleeping I am in no way recommending
this as a sleeping pill or anything like
that I'm just saying that it's something
that can actually help you sleep it's
really soothing and then you know you
just you just end up in a really relaxed
and calm place and then you end up
falling asleep so yes that is what I use
good night for like it literally makes
you go good night is that it yes it is
there's nothing more that is the last of
it that is the last of all the stuff
that I got from brands special shout out
to the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf vein
city and of course to Spring Valley
thank you guys so so much for gifting me
with all these stuff I'm so excited to
try them all to eat them slather them
all over my body you know all that good
stuff
I'd really really appreciate you guys
sending all of this over I enjoy looking
through all of it opening new packages
trying new products and just sharing all
my new discoveries with all of my
viewers all my lovelies so thank you
thank you so much for that that's it for
this video thank you guys so so much for
watching and don't forget to like
comment and subscribe to my channel and
I will see you guys next time
what
