you
hey guys what's up I'm here with the
crew not my crew the crew we're gonna
have a video shoot today or I can't see
ya that's not allowed
so it is time is it now 6 a.m. a kid
ain't never been up this early but it's
worth it because you know I'm gonna do
something special with my life today so
that's a good thing so here's the crew
say hi
after you just met them now now we're
friends
and we're here you may be wondering why
I look this way it's because it's 6 a.m.
which means I woke up at like 5:00 and
I'm running on carrots
that's all I've eaten last night and
today because you know I can't be fat
right now cuz I was actually hired for
the shoot
because of my body yep that's right my
body they don't even like my face they
just want to take my body which is ok
because it's for house of a body so they
really have you know body service and
the stuff like that so it's not like a
weird look at me right now I kind of
look like you know there are people
there professionals it was one job is to
make me look beautiful
ok so take a look at this I'll show you
the before and after so you know there's
okay
what's in the book be told there's been
a review
it's not whoops
great we don't have food you know we
have to be skinny I'm getting my hair
she's doing my hair
this is the owner of house of now known
as overthinking my outfit say this is it
and the son
so this is my hair makeup as you can see
and I'm so flawless
this is my outfit
you can't see the moving it's the other
model who is the face and I'm the body
thank you hello Lisa this is Nico he's
the director
I can hear what are you doing any more
shots of you in your underwear yes this
is for my private collection this is the
set just check it out there's just
lights everywhere lights lights lights
and then of course the cameras over
there
what's this life what's it for
so what's this like deep deeper life
even so this for the price I know this
one's the bow basically that's it that's
all you need and we have two more
lighting right
more what there see the lights so what
are these but they like the background
so basically these floaty things just
equalize the photography 101 my favorite
light diva lights thank you
so this is how it goes we shoot through
this cam and then you can even see what
you're shooting through this screen and
then you can see it even more on this
screen hyperino okay so the models there
and then yeah that's changed years the
director model I mean videographer and
then you can get it that's how to shoot
something these are all products they're
gonna give me just kidding young pretty
someday why are they like anti-aging
so if you're old maybe you should try
this heat they're working so we're
reviewing the footage see if I have
variation so I can't eat yet but I got
to see my footage cheap
those are mainly yep my legs I think I
can even though
okay that's not ours
goodbye I'm leaving now I'm done with my
shoe it here at bulb Studios yep
I'm so tired this is Kuya who else gonna
take me to the grab guard
I don't know I think he's bored wait
what your dog survived not from anything
oh this is a production manager
basically has to make sure that I don't
die and his job is safe yes he was
thought feeding me and everything sisa
make you happy guy I think that's my
girl car
nope that is not my graph card there are
two people in the gap
is then let's dude you so far from the
entrance IV from the road girly man
shoots done yeah okay so I'm on my way
home now I almost got hit by a car my
shooters been this my shoot is done
happy dance raised to know okay so I
just finished my shoots I'm on the way
home now wow I am so tired actually
slept at 12 woke up at 5 and then now
it's 2p I don't even want to count how
many hours that is my body has to look
really tight so I don't eat last night I
can keep this morning my god you
abandoned I am excited to see the videos
the shoot I just had it's for house of a
badge there promotional materials and
stored material if you go on their
social media their website branches
you're gonna see my face more of my body
but also my face so I'm not quite sure
when they're gonna put out the videos
they said maybe in a month or so I think
the videos will be pretty cool there are
like slow-mo type videos of different
parts my body my face and then I do
weird things too like this pose but I'm
like it looks like I'm smelling my
armpit but you know of course I'm not
you know weird poses like that so that's
it for today I am ending my day early
cuz I can't fish I just
I just want to sleep I hope you learn
even just a little bit about what it's
like to be a mother but it's like behind
the scenes and it'll be I find I mean I
have fun the shoes was actually more fun
than I thought it would be it was less
work actually and that's it for this
video I hope you guys enjoyed it if you
did enjoy it you can subscribe to my
channel you can also check out my other
videos thank you guys
