where is all the great comedy gone.thank
back to some classic episodes and ask
yourself could that be made today of
course not it'd be politically incorrect
and the left ruins everything
but what's still on the table is taking
a teen centric Netflix cartoon and
praising Planned Parenthood and
abortions and just so no one could say
bad and you're reading into this and
your episode by saying thanks liberal
elites who convinced us to do an episode
on Planned Parenthood even though so
many people will be furious at us for
doing it well that's exactly what the
creators of big mouth on Netflix did in
their episode so let me insert some real
life into this fairy tale and shine some
a lot of some stupid stuff they talked
about I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood
whole abortions and making fun of
pro-life stereotypes it really is the
comedy goal we've been searching for so
put down that pen and paper because the
show big mouths on Netflix beat you to
it
the episode starts out with a main
character in school calling Planned
Parenthood and abortion factory and
poking fun at YouTube for giving them
some access to this insane line of
thinking I'm sorry but they do a lot
more than abortions yeah they save lives
by killing babies yay please stop watch
YouTube guys just watch YouTube well
here's one of those wacky YouTube videos
of dr. Lavin Tina giving an absolutely
gut-wrenching testimony speaking at the
House Judiciary Committee picture
yourself introducing this and grabbing
anything you can blindly and pull and I
do mean hard and out pops a leg about
that big which you put down on the table
next to you pull out an arm about the
same length you know you did it right if
you crush down in the instrument white
material runs out of the cervix that was
the babies brains wait what do you mean
you didn't hear about dr. Lavin Tino in
your school shocking but hey this
doctors on YouTube I'm mostly open
source for information so that must be
crazy and nothing like Michelle Wolf's
worship like episode on abortion on her
now cancelled Netflix show but of course
this hilarious episode goes on to
uncover the wonders of Planned
Parenthood but how they screen for
cancer not only 3% of their services are
actually abortions so you know your
taxes should pay for and there's no
other facilities in America that
actually do everything else that Planned
Parenthood does well in the real world
and not in this cartoon national reviews
rich Lowry points out how they get to
that 3% mark he says quote this is a
little like performing abortion and
giving a woman an aspirin saying that
half of what you do is abortion like you
know the counseling the medications the
aspirins everything is lumped in there
so they do way more services than just
this he goes on to compare it saying
quote the sponsors the New York City
Marathon could count each small cup of
water they hand out some two million
cups compared with forty five thousand
runners and say that there are mainly a
hydration business but hey it's a
cartoon right so come on come on ignore
that and of course it ends with a fun
musical montage of a one-night stand and
then our female hero goes to a Planned
Parenthood and has an abortion and then
ends up meeting a man getting married
and having a baby later in life and they
live happily ever after thanks to the
abortion given by Planned Parenthood
anyone can make a show about whatever
they want if a platform wants to acquire
it and people want to consume it and
watch it go ahead after all it's just a
cartoon and it's not the real world but
let me tell you a few real-life stories
of my own
my grandmother unintentionally got
pregnant when she was 14 years old and
nine months later my mother was born and
my mother grew up never knowing her
biological father till she was an adult
she grew up and started a successful
agency empowering young men and women to
enter the entertainment world and even
went on to be an executive national
vice-president in another company oh
yeah and having me as well as being my
grandmother's best friend through their
life together through the highs and the
lows and taking care of my grandmother
along the way and currently still live
20 minutes from each other and that real
life story is sweet and inspiring but
then again my grandmother didn't get a
music video cartoon encouraging her to
kill my mother before this all happened
oh and one more a wonderful girl that I
dated in high school whose parents
similarly had an unplanned pregnancy
they chose to have a shotgun wedding in
college and keep the baby they went on
to graduate college and be successful in
both of their careers and then later in
life when they felt like he was now time
to have a baby at the much more common
age of 30 they couldn't let me repeat
that for anyone still humming the song
at the end of big Mouse cartoon they
couldn't now imagine that cartoons
ending after the woman chooses to abort
her baby a Planned Parenthood and now
wants to have a baby with her husband at
her time and then she couldn't my guess
is that cartoon would have ended very
differently but hey these are just two
anecdotal real-life stories and that's a
cartoon with music on Netflix so what do
I know I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood did you enjoy that video of
course you enjoyed that video so now you
need to become a premium member to the
rebel that way you have first access to
pure Hollywood and the entire rebel
lineup
you
