if you look at the inventors of the
Google algorithm a couple of Russian
Jews with great math savvy look at Steve
Jobs these are not people who are
inherently political and if they were
political they would tend towards the
meritocracy they would tend towards you
know objective ideas right wrong on off
zeros and ones
I mean mathematics and physics there's
not a lot of room for postmodern and you
know there's really no feminist answer
to a math equation
how did tech companies go from being
really the domain I mean I'm gonna use
some racial and and gendered language
here straight white male and Asian male
mathematicians to being the domain of
feminists transgender activists anti
Islamophobia activists how did it move
so far away from its scientific
meritocratic roots so yeah as you said
Silicon Valley started off with founded
by these very sort a non-political a
political types very science II nerdy
types and if they were political at all
their their values were normally quite
libertarian if you look at the the
values of early internet companies the
Australian companies even the World Wide
Web itself it's a very libertarian idea
everyone can have this this platform to
express themselves and that's what
reddit promised initially is what
Twitter promised initially and then it
changed over time partly due to pressure
from these these social justice warrior
gender studies types you suddenly set an
infiltrate in Silicon Valley and pushing
for more censorship and more diversity
quotas and I think what happened was
essentially partly because Silicon
Valley is so dominated via its a very
male feel that's partly because
technology is a very male field it's
what male people enjoy doing and it's
just a natural consequence of you know
equality of opportunity and people
following what they want to do but
partly because of that the left was able
to attack Silicon Valley for being this
you know straight white male place and
this game social justice warriors then
the far left a foothold they were able
to attack Silicon Valley you can
press when they didn't do what they
wanted them to do and they were
essentially able to intimidate a lot of
these companies into taking a very far
left line on clinical issues it's also
partly a geographical problem Silicon
Valley is based in the San Francisco Bay
Area possibly the most liberal leftist
area in the United States so a lot of
their the people they're hiring come
from come from the same the same
location to come from places like
Berkeley and Stanford which of these
very left-wing campuses that's not
that's another issue I think if if these
if these companies knew some of their
operations to say yeah the Midwest and
some other problems might be a little
bit reduced that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
