and ran into my friend brian of london
we became friends last year when I was
in Tel Aviv and Gavin McInnes had given
his talk what did you think about what
Katie had to say tonight I love Katie
listen people who speak honestly about
England oh well I can count them there's
you know half a dozen I mean it's so
Katy is has got an honesty to her and
she where she's not afraid to tackle the
Islam issue I cannot believe that this
is her first trip to Israel because as
soon as she gets here I can see like you
you know you feel that there's something
about this place that the Western
civilization is forgotten
and we you know well that's what we're
trying to bring back and I got that from
Katie so it's nice to hear her in person
you know and I really got that sense
today when I was in Ariel that sort of
frontiersman ship that sort of building
community from nothing and holding the
front line and reclaiming what's yours
that's really the sense I got today when
I was in one of the so-called
settlements they call them settlements
but they're just like nice bedroom
communities we would call in the Western
world why do you think there's so much
fake news surrounding the settlements
and you know even about the most recent
terror attacks around in Gaza why do you
think there's so much fake news
percolating about that
I've been tracking Israel consciously
since early 2000s and I I saw
immediately I mean it goes back to
Mohammed Al Jarreau Mohammed Al Jarreau
was this kid and the pictures of him
allegedly being shot by the IDF are
iconic the Osama bin Laden put them in
his letter they they talked about this
kid highly mine about he was not shot
there was no kid shot that day and and
it's total fake news and they've been
doing it ever since every single thing
that comes out of the Palestinians
pro-palestinian campus is a lie and they
just lie all the time now
you were out in erielle they say to you
this is occupied territory well the
blinking place is largely empty what you
saw was the largest town in the northern
shaman Arielle and Arielle is surrounded
by empty hills there's masses of empty
space down in the down in the valley is
a town called Nablus around Nablus is
more empty space there is no problem
with Jews living out there and going out
there and occupy occupying a hilltop
that nobody is occupied for 2,000 years
i I just think it's funny to hear from
the United Nations where they they
believe in this unfettered Muslim
migration to the rest of the world there
is no place that a Muslim cannot live
but according to the United Nations
there are places that Jews cannot live
and they will draft motions against
places like area where Jews have brought
life to the desert yeah and it's more
than that it's more than that the only
place that Arabs want to live is where
somebody else has built a successful
civilization you track the fake news
about Israel why do you think there's so
much of it like what do you think the
motivation is I have my own sort of
ideas about why there's so many lies
told about Israel like for example the
baby the baby the baby the baby that was
supposed to have died from a gas attack
okay first off why are you bringing a
baby to food to a riot yeah but but
second of all the baby didn't die from
it she died of a congenital same one
that killed her same one that killed her
brother humor a few years before because
the family is got a congenital problem
why is there so much fake news look I
think that there is massive jealousy I
tell you are a very deep problem here
which is that Judah I believe that
Judaism gave to the world the ideas of
an one law for all whether you're a king
or a commoner
there is one law for all and this is
what we're losing in the West with all
our with the intersectional nonsense one
law for everybody and that is the
antithesis of a dictator that is the
antithesis of a king that is the thing
that they have to fight if they want to
control and rule they have to be able to
make different rules for a ruling class
and for the people and the jealousy that
Springs from that that the creation of
Israel that the National Home for the
Jews at a time when the globalists are
trying to get everybody to have one
nation no borders
we built Israel for the Jews and it's
Jewish in character yes anybody else can
come and live here but the character of
the state the values that we have are
jewish that's why mass Muslim migration
to the West is unsuccessful there is a
clash of values and the the National
project that is Israel a nationalist
project it is nationalist it runs a
counter to the whole sort of diverse
global elites we are we are what world
civilization should look towards but
they've been trying to go in a different
direction and that's why they hate us so
much
Judaism is built on responsibilities not
on rights rights flow from
responsibilities the Torah and the Ten
Commandments are the best example of the
ten commandments are a set of
responsibilities that you have I have a
responsibility not to murder I have a
responsibility to not to steal I have a
responsibility not to covet your ox but
if I fall in have a pretty great arks
though I'm sure if I follow through on
those responsibilities your right to
life your right to property is it flows
from those and we're so different here
by having this this underlying ethos of
one rule for all one law and we really
do you know we fail in little ways and
so unlike everywhere but we stick with
that value system and it's a successful
system it's the value system that
underpins Western civilization and it
was successful for centuries and it
produced amazing human progress in terms
of living standards and science and
everything we value and at the moment it
seems like we're trying to turn it all
backward what a great interview with my
friend brian of london if you want to
see all of our coverage here from israel
go to the rebel israel comm
you
