I saw a tweet from Warner Brothers and
it said Superman always stands up for
what is right
did you know he's a refugee refugees
contribute to the fabric of our society
stand on the right side of history this
World Refugee day
hashtag stand with refugees I mean that
is incredible
first of all Warner Brothers Superman is
fiction okay it's just a story for fun
and you're taking the whole fantasy and
fun out of just like trying to insert a
political agenda remember people want
story lines
they don't want a political agenda for
the most part and if we are going to be
going there then okay so he came here
and he was adopted
he had papers he worked legitimately he
assimilated he was proud of where he is
now living and he wanted to help protect
everybody this is not like waving flags
of Krypton and demanding that everything
changed to Kryptonian things and abusing
the system and trying to get the rest of
his Kryptonians over here I mean it is
incredible how what is going on with
Comics gate and how they are you know
using their ideology and inputting it in
these traditional stories I mean if you
want to create a refugee superhero I
mean okay do it but don't try to change
traditional storylines we are already
attached to them create your own if you
want to see more from me and the rest of
the rebel team like and subscribe
you
