it's day three of our trip here to
Israel and I'm standing well right
across from Gaza and as you can see
behind me you can see where the hills
have been burned by the balloons that
Hamas is sending up with fire on them so
there's really no way for the IDF to
combat a balloon made a fire if they
shoot it down it starts a fire wherever
it lands but I want to show you where
there
Hamas has been trying to burn and
they're actually trying to burn those
white buildings way over there that's a
farm that's a kibbutz and so Hamas so
intent on damaging Israel are willing to
burn their own food supply because
Israel sends food and supplies into Gaza
every single day but there's another
thing that I want to point out to you so
you can see how close we are to where
the fires are happening now I want to
show you what's on the other side of me
and that's how close this is to the town
of stir out just you know a few hundred
meters and I think the Western world and
the international media really aren't
telling you the truth when they are
talking about the terror that's
happening along here at the border
because it is so close to this town if
the wall is ever breached if the borders
ever breached between Gaza and Israel
this town here this innocent town of
strode will be overrun nearly instantly
for the rebel media I'm Shiela gunnery
it's day three of our trip here to
Israel and I'm along the Gaza border to
see all of our reports from on the
ground here in Israel go to rebel Israel
calm
you
