the child separation controversy has got
these celebrities talking yet again as
as if these movie stars and TV hosts
just don't understand that their
outspoken support for one of the worst
presidential candidates the Democrats
have ever offered back in 2016 is what
actually lost them the election this is
for Hillary
nobody wants to hear what celebrities
think and their outrage was hypocritical
unjust and just plain laughable amidst
photographs of children being kept in
migrant camps during the Obama
administration celebrities complained
about Trump's immigration policy Christy
Teegan and John Legend shared a letter
to trump on their Instagram John and I
are outraged to see and hear the horror
stories of immigrant families seeking
asylum and refuge in America being
ripped apart due to the inhumane
policies of the Trump administration but
no comments on the Obama administration
doing exactly the same thing but with
lower living standards for the separated
children and Hathaway posted a
photograph of her and her father on
Father's Day saying my dad and I are
disgusted and rocked to our core by the
current administration's shocking
decision to separate asylum seeking
immigrant families the consequence of
which is creating orphans with living
parents Hathaway joins a multitude of
celebrities and to fake news outlets
like CNN who are continuously and
falsely claiming that the policy of
separating children was created by the
Trump administration but amidst all of
the celebrity outrage one woman has put
her money where her mouth is the New
York Post reports that believe it or not
Alyssa Milano has offered to foster
migrant children brought to New York
City writing to the CEO of Cayuga
centers Edward mired Hayes Milano said
that she offered the children her home
and her heart her love and whatever
stability she can give them until they
can be reunited with a parent and I
think it's time other celebrities did
the same thing of course president Trump
has already signed an executive order
that stops the practice of separating
children at the border
so mallanna's offers somewhat
meaningless and the other celebrities
have gotten off the hook one would have
expected these people to do more than
just attack the President on the
Internet
why weren't they offering to take in
children the same goes for the
super-rich and half
with her 35 million dollar fortune her
and her father were disgusted and rocked
to their core by the decision to
separate children but not moved enough
to spend some of that wealth in a way
that might have helped them celebrity
virtue signaling has reached
unprecedented levels and in truth I'm
happy for them to continue doing it the
public are seeing right through their
lives and whenever they get behind a
Democratic candidate they fail
celebrities much like career politicians
live in a world of their own they assume
the world loves them but the
hard-working men and women of America
see exactly who they are and see exactly
what they're doing and their hypocrisy
has signed the death warrant of the far
left politics in the United States if
you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team like and
subscribe
you
