Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy
retired at 81 years old after decades on
the court and liberals are melting down
the epic social media and mainstream
media meltdown by liberals on the
announcement that Supreme Court Justice
Anthony Kennedy is retiring is glorious
I mean glorious liberals are losing
their minds their collective minds it's
almost as if they don't care about
illegal immigrant kids anymore it's like
they didn't exist ranting and raving
about kids being separated from their
parents put into Nazi concentration
camps has all been forgotten about all
been forgotten about
because now Anthony Kennedy and decided
to retire giving Donald Trump another
appointment on the Supreme Court and
after this week's glorious decisions in
favor of conservatives upholding Trump's
travel ban slapping down unions telling
him no you can't collect fees from
non-members not requiring a Counseling
Center so we wouldn't want to go through
abortions but aren't sure to direct them
to Planned Parenthood conservative
decision upon conservative decision upon
conservative decision the court is about
the move further right now President
Trump in a press conference yesterday
assured America and the world he was
actually sitting with the president of
Portugal when he said it that he's gonna
go back to that original list that he
compiled with Heritage Foundation
Federalist Society of very conservative
options for the court he said that he
has five more names now added to that
list and I believe him
I think the president sees what a
conservative court is doing for him I
think the president sees that America
wants it that America is fundamentally a
conservative traditional country and
he's responding in kind let's look at
the liberal meltdowns let's focus on
Twitter now they're cruel they're losing
their minds because Kennedy while he
leaned right was always the the bankable
moderate but I got to tell you in his
old age and as he ended his firm on the
court his tenure on the court he's uh
he's been with the conservative majority
more often than he has it Oh
Andrew Feinberg this if you think a
single Republican senator will care
about rules or precedent or anything
besides rules our precedent or anything
besides confirming a trump rubber-stamp
who will allow this country to become an
economically libertarian place that is a
Christian theocracy on social issues you
have not paid attention an economically
libertarian place that is a Christian
theocracy I would call it a
judeo-christian theocracy on social
issues you have not paid attention that
sounds like a glorious place to live
throw in the cure of borders and the
rule of law that sounds like utopia this
is awesome now Tommy Vietor one of
Obama's advisors had the best response
on butter I'm gonna redo his last joy
read one of our favorite his retreat
every single one of these rights is now
in the balance Democrats have not
traditionally voted based on the court
and they have been spotty about voting
in midterms November was already
critical for every vulnerable group in
America it just became everything
especially the Senate Joanne Reid Andrew
Cohen
for starters abortion rights are more
imperiled now than any time since Roe
vs. Wade and there is no reason to think
there won't be a rollback of gay rights
either with Kennedy gone ian Milhiser
f-word you period F period you period
justice period Kennedy and then he puts
up a piece at Think Progress calm but
far and away my favorite is Tommy Vietor
from the Obama administration about his
unhinged as Ben Rhodes less well known
F capitals now f u-- u u-- u u-- u u-- u
u-- u u-- u u-- u u-- u u ck capital
letters that was Tommy Vietor 's B wait
until either Ginsburg or Breyer retire 8
until both do these people are gonna
jump off buildings they're gonna be so
unhinged now Andrew Cohen of course I'll
cares so much about roe v wade though
it's a look at the irony there they were
up and on or I'm hysterical about
immigrant kids the border being
separated from their parents right
beside themselves lunatics crazy about
it
but now they're worried about killing
babies but which is it guys you wanna
whack the kids or do you want to save
the kids the Liberals can't get out of
their own way cuz they know that they
have no message they were relying on
judicial activism to do what their
candidates couldn't do at the ballot
boxes at the voting place Democratic
candidates aren't resonating America has
soundly rejected them in their policies
that only sadly soundly and I think this
is absolutely glorious now from Town
Hall calm they they overheard a
conversation at the Democratic National
Committee politico's David ciders
tweeted about the chaos that erupted in
a DNC I believe it was a DNC Rules
meeting and he he noted the conversation
well Justice Kennedy announced that he's
retiring one person told the group oh
one person yelled out oh my god another
explained not that he's done us any good
on these recent decisions but he was the
one who was usually persuadable one
person lamented David ciders who is they
never even heard of this guy maybe I
should have oh it's a national politics
correspondent at Politico DNC is this
tweet
DNC Rules Committee meeting interrupted
by news of Justice Kennedy's retirement
prize of oh and oh my god and this is
not good news and then he's got audio
the left is losing their minds over
losing their minds but look Trump is
gonna go back to that list from Heritage
in the Federalist Society he's gonna
pick a conservative justice it's what
Americans want what Americans have
always wanted thank God
Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton was not
our president thank God his country
woman for our worse place and she would
have tipped the court way left for
decades to come
now we're gonna get a right-leaning
court the Bill of Rights will be
preserved our guns will be protected
libertarian economic policies will be
protected freedom of religion will be
protected hopefully the rights of the
unborn will be protected but that's yet
to be seen but I like the decisions I'm
saying especially what's what is the
beginning of union-busting long overdue
keep America competitive with the rest
of the world and now I want to switch
gears and tell you about something
really really fun really interesting I'm
gonna be changing up the shows I do here
on the rebels I'm still gonna be doing
be short off the cuffs for you but I'm
no longer gonna be doing off-the-cuff
Declassified my recorded show instead
and I love this I loved some trying to
make it work for a while finally were
able to figure it all out starting next
week every morning I'm gonna be doing a
live show with you alive forty-five
minutes to one hour show live chat you
can chat with me and you can super chat
they pay a couple of bucks your name
goes to the top it pops out at me and in
bright red or orange or yellow and we
can talk about any topics you want
anything you want to start the show
every day with a newsworthy topic
something trending something hot well we
can go in any direction the audience
wants to go and I really want you to
tell people about this you're gonna be
able to access it via YouTube it's free
you're not gonna be behind a paywall and
I want to really build the audience
because I have a feeling we can make
this something bigger than my old radio
show really Ken it's a really fun format
you can ping me with questions we'll
engage
well chat back and forth and I think
you're really really gonna love this
format also go to the App Store download
the rebel a p-- will eventually figure
out a way to make it work therefore
right now it's gonna be accessible via
the rebel YouTube page as always thank
you so much for watching I'll see you
tomorrow
you
