I'm here interrupts in Israel and I'm
right on the border of the Gaza Strip
and this children's play center is
unique because it's actually formed of a
series of bomb shelters the children
have got 15 seconds to get down from
whatever piece of cater equipment
they're playing on and get themselves
into a place of safety and I wonder you
know what's it like to be a mum and know
that you've got 15 seconds to grab
everything you love the most all your
children and make sure they're safe
what's it like to be in a car and know
that you can't and what's it like to
live your life as the target of someone
else's hate I'm here in Israel with
Prince William and the rebel team to
bring you the truce that the mainstream
media won't tell you to catch up with
our news and information
join us at rebel Yisrael calm
