it's June 27th I'm as relevant and
you're watching a special battleground
live from Tel Aviv Israel I don't have
the fancy set I don't have the fancy
graphics it's just me in my hotel room
it's 11:00 p.m. Eastern time 4:00 p.m.
Eastern
it's re 11:00 p.m. here in Israel 4:00
p.m. Eastern Time I'm a little
jet-lagged as you can see all apologies
and I'm sorry I was not technologically
able to get my webcam working yesterday
I'd say yes I feel like such a Boomer
not being able to do that of course
boomers know how to do that I just
didn't know what a web cam encoder was
but I got that figured out anyway it's
great to see you again what are we doing
in Israel well we do trips occasionally
with this rebel with the rebel we either
send reporters on trips resent reporters
to Iraq to India to UN conferences in
Marrakech Morocco and Bonn Germany we
have traveled all over the United States
in Canada the United Kingdom and Western
Europe and so we do it journalistically
and sometimes we invite along our
viewers we've had a cruise before that's
obviously a ton of fun but this year
rebel Israel is a mix we've got five or
six of our on-air talent plus about 50
plus of our most enthusiastic viewers
and we're tootling around Israel we all
arrived yesterday today was our first
real day at it and it was a busy day oh
my god I was jet-lagged but we did a lot
of things we went to sis's area or
Caesarea which is a Roman ruins which is
a city in itself gorgeous amphitheater
we went to a settlement in what critics
would call the West Bank
what Israelis would call Samaria or the
shroom Ronan the settlement is not just
some tenser shacks it's a city of 20,000
people and they've got a university
there erielle University with I think
15,000 students so it's a serious
place and then I just got back about
half an hour ago from a super fun event
with Katie Hopkins Katie is one of the
rebels on the trip that Sheila GaN Reed
is with me David the men's Roy Menzies
is with me and who else is here
Amanda head is here tender almond is
joining us tomorrow um you know what I'm
forgiving me I'm a little sleepy so god
forbid I'm forgetting anyone I apologize
if I am what's fun is our viewers are
from around the world we have
enthusiasts who our viewers who have
flown all the way here from South Africa
from Australia from the UK from Canada
the United States and tonight at the
event with Katie Hopkins at a hotel bar
in downtown Tel Aviv we had almost 350
people are as VP it's incredible and it
was great and Katie's amazing I mean she
gave a hilarious speech and answered a
bunch of questions and she was still
there when I left about half an hour ago
and the event started at 8:00 so she was
still given her after almost three hours
saying hi basically to every single
person there we had a lot of folks who
were there from last year who remembered
Gavin McInnes is a knee comedy routine
speech silliness on the beach in Tel
Aviv so we had I'm gonna say they're
released 30 or 40 people from last year
and they were all excited to see us
again and so many people said when you
starting an Israeli Bureau etc so it was
pretty fun and I had to leave early
because I had to come back and try and
fix my web cam encoder and I'm glad I
did but Katie is a hoot and so every day
we're each gonna try and get some videos
up and short videos like three or five
minutes and Menzies has one and Sheila
gun Rita's when I'm not sure who else
has there's hope there yet but if you're
curious about Israel and the politics of
it go to rebel Israel calm tomorrow we
are going to the ground
- Asian ceremony for the Israeli Air
Force Academy can you believe that these
are when the Air Force pilots get their
wings and it's a bit of an airshow - and
I think that Israel flies the new f-35
and I would not be surprised at all if
that was one of the planes that they
show off they obviously have f-15s and
f-16s mmm and helicopters I think I saw
an Apache or a Super Cobra flying today
I'm not that keen I didn't know which
one it was I mean so it'll be neat to
see what kind of hardware we see
tomorrow I understand that Prime
Minister Netanyahu is going to be there
I think it's quite unlikely that we'll
have a chance to talk with him but
that's what's going on we're doing other
things on the trip we're going to the
border of Gaza where the latest weapon
is not the underground tunnels but
they're sending hot air balloons and
drones with incendiary devices to try
and burn farmers fields start forest
fires to start crop fires on the Israeli
side so how do you even fight against
that like kites the kite bombs it's
reminiscent of how the Japanese sent
fire bombs by a hot-air balloon over the
wind currents in the Second World War to
try and start forest fires in Alaska
some of them made it that far they
didn't start any major forest fires that
were reported anyway so that's that's a
little bit about the torn Israel and I
would just feel that I'm a little bit
pooped because it's 11 here and you
might be thinking well that's only 4
p.m. where your body clock is still
lesser why you Google because I missed a
whole sleep cycle is the reason anyways
enough complaining now this is what we
call super chat and on the side of the
screen I see a ton of chats and I'm
gonna start reading them because we
don't have video elements because I'm
doing this just live from a little
webcam be here in in Tel Aviv
so I'm gonna really emphasize going
through the comments if you want your
comment to be highlighted in bright
colors and pinned to the top you can do
that and everyone will see it al I'll
read it for sure so I'm gonna go through
it
marked Seabrook says hi Ezra from London
and Stan was funny you say that because
you make me think of Brian of London who
is a friendly well-known blogger and
youtuber and Twitter her and he was
there tonight
he was Saturday so were proud boys Tel
Aviv Gabon met with him last year when
he was out here and there was a whole
bunch of proud boys there and I took a
photo with him nice and they sent the
photo hmm
see Parkinsons hi say hello to Jan from
Steve a lot of people just saying hi I'm
just going through things um the one and
only Zeinab says live from the sign is
capital no this is not the signs capital
letter in some history linear Bible for
heaven's sake Zion is the name of a
mountain Mount Zion it's in Jerusalem
Tel Aviv is not the capital Jerusalem is
if you don't believe me ask Donald Trump
um
Kirk C says holy crap this isn't behind
a paywall
well gurke every single weekday except
for yesterday when I was technologically
challenged I do a one-hour live chat
it's normally a twelve noon eastern time
but I that's 7 p.m. here which is
separate time and we sort of have group
dinners so I can't do that that's why
we're doing it this hour
11:00 p.m. and most people are trying to
turn me in tonight so yeah every weekday
I do a live super chat that's not behind
a paywall and the super chat means I
read your comments but it also means you
can make your chat comments bright and
sticky and by the way I don't know if
you know this but you paid two bucks or
five bucks or whatever to make it super
check and we actually get a portion of
that dough at the rebel so it helps pay
our bills Brian Thomas says hello from
Dublin big family thank you very much
I said so tell me Robinson fans here I
should tell you I there were people at
Katie's event tonight was all sorts of
free Tommy Robinson paraphernalia big
Tomi roses teacher and when Katie
Hopkins mentioned Tommy the whole room
started chanting hey Tommy Tommy Tommy
Tommy Tommy Tommy Robinson it was quite
something to be in a hotel bar in Tel
Aviv Israel
thousands of kilometers away from where
Tommy was arrested and imprisoned and
have the entire room join in the hey
Tommy Robinson Chan there was quite
something I would not have expected that
if he would have said to me hey are you
gonna have a big room of people sent
chanting for Tom Robinson in Israel and
so what are you talking about
well it happened we're in Israel am i we
are in Tel Aviv but we have other places
we're going to from starett which is the
little Jewish town in the Gaza Strip on
the southwest corner to the Golan
Heights at the far north the country is
very narrow at its widest point excuse
me in its narrowest point it's only
about 25 miles across or so and check my
math on this but it's very narrow we
were in Ariel which was in the West Bank
today ah Mike Corbin says right after
the Brazil match good timing Israel well
there's a lot of risk
I tell you Israelis like their soccer or
football as they probably call it here
so there's a lot of that and Murray is
Jelena here it is 4 p.m. hope you have a
great trip thank you so far so great
Tammy Putin's Kazan note says hello Ezra
hi Tammy Leslie Ann Stoffel real clear
Israel TV how can we combat butts
censoring Twitter and Facebook well
that's a serious thing in the last few
days there's been this really funny
Twitter parody of Catherine McKenna the
Kim Kardashian you know that's an insult
to Kim Kardashian who does series of
policy work these days she has his vocal
fry' style valley girl Twitter feed and
so someone made a parody account and the
very first words of the Bible bio or
parody account if you look at Twitter's
Terms of Service which I have parody
accounts are acceptable as long as they
don't try to pass themselves off as the
real thing one of the reasons in one
ways you know the real thing is of
course there's a clean track market
anyways so this parody was quite funny
and it was funny because it was brutally
accurate and Gerald bunts the principal
secretary to Justin Trudeau the Prime
Minister had a big public poked and
called on the owner of Twitter Jack the
president Twitter to censor it and lo
and behold Twitter censored deleted
suspended an entire account but just
because it was making fun of a cabinet
minister and not falsely and not crudely
by the way
no swears that I saw and definitely not
passing itself off I mean right in the
bio this is a parody it's terrifying
that Gerald butts is so brazen with his
censorship because if this is what he's
doing in public demanding literally
copying Jack the CEO of Twitter and
demanding that a parody site be taken
down imagine what he's doing privately
and we know of course it's about six
months ago
destroy him yawning it's late here
Justin Trudeau personally threatened the
CEO of Facebook name is Sheryl Sandberg
saying if you don't combat fake news
before the next election we'll do it for
you well actually by coincidence today
Facebook all the papers of stories with
Facebook Canada combating fake news by
choosing their own preferred political
spin and the senior executive and
Facebook is doing this his name is Kevin
Chen and wouldn't you know he's a former
senior executive at the Liberal Party so
a former senior liberal staffer goes to
work at Facebook and accepts
instructions from the Liberal Party
about censoring Facebook and that just
happened and you know what most
journalists don't care because all they
care about is getting a job with the CBC
I mean I see just yesterday post media's
announcing with 10% more layoffs if
you're a working journalist in Canada
and you don't have the entrepreneurial
spirit to go out on your own and most
people don't and as someone who's tried
let me tell you at the top you're
thinking well the only game in town is
the state broadcaster so I better start
tailoring my coverage to make it
sympathetic to the government the beam
I'll keep reading some more questions
Kirksey says I love Katie well she was a
huge hit if you go to my Twitter feed
which is twitter.com slash Ezreal event
I took some fun pictures of her
including one where the proud boys are
literally holding her up in the air it
was fun
cactus fetus says hello from Sweden
hello um let me go ahead here Petra
Heinrich says hello Ezra Shalom to you
and Israel yeah it's great to be here
and Tel Aviv you know when I forget how
much fun it is at night it's
just a great city great for walking a
young city hip and it seems a million
miles away from the politics of Gaza or
the West Bank it's quite something um
I'm just gonna skip ahead Kersey says I
love Gavin I do - he's a buddy of mine
Michael fob pro-israel occupation world
wind tour well I got a question for you
you say occupation who are the
indigenous peoples in the Holy Land I
mean have have you not read a Bible who
was here Judaism and Christianity
predate Islam by centuries and Judaism
is over 5,000 years old Christian is
2000 18 years old since the birth of
Jesus and Islam is what only about 1,400
years old so who's occupying whom and by
the way the land of Palestine was never
an independent country that was the name
the Romans gave to their into the Jewish
province of the Roman Empire
no empires come and go the Turk rule the
Ottoman Turks ruled the region the Brits
did Jordan
had control of the West Bank Egypt had
controlled the Gaza Strip from 1949 to
1967 no one call to occupy been so yeah
I'm gonna dispute here terminology there
my friend Peter Mackenzie Jackson says
free Tommy yeah it was pretty funny even
here and tell them you there's a lot of
Pro Tommy stuff mr. Boston Marine Israel
is the swamp no but Israel did have some
swamp land but they reclaimed it what's
so interesting when Israel is how much
of the rough and rugged nature has been
redeemed either swamp land has been
drained or more common the desert has
been made
Logan's warning says one thing people
need to know is that Israel Palestine
conflict is because of Islam as stated
in the Hamas charter well that's the
thing yeah I mean I think we just need
to listen to these terrorist groups
themselves they they're perfectly happy
to explain their motivations it's only
Western liberals that provide a
substitute
explanation no they do it because they
believe in Isis they believe in an
Islamic state not a nation of men um hmm
I'm gonna keep going Tami put in Sambo
sounds like it was great it really was
and you know what it was an open bar I
don't even know how that happened so I
had a couple of glasses of champers I
don't normally do that that's another
reason why my words are slightly slurred
let me read forward here Petra Heinrich
sin f-35c yeah the excited to see what
kind of hardware we see tomorrow f-35s
I've never seen one obviously but it'll
be neat if they have here
Steve Parkinson updates on Tommy
Robinson nope I trust you've seen the
video I poured out on Saturday where I
read a short statement from Tommy's
lawyer John Carson and a short very
short message from Tommy's wife I do not
have more news I am in touch with the
law firm from time to time several times
a week just on minor matters and I
should tell you it's no surprise that I
have requested from them that they
provide us with information as soon as
it becomes available
mainly to allay gossip and rumor and
fear because there is a lot of that in
this void of information rumors can lace
up their boots and run around the world
before truth gets theirs shoes on so
I've asked the law firm to subject to
obviously the professional obligations
to Tommy and not to prejudice the case
to give us whatever they can I've asked
for written pleadings that's what we
call it here in Canada apparently those
are not made public in a British appeal
in Canada all court documents are made
public I'm just gonna rely on the
lawyers to give me what they think they
can and they can and the moment they do
I promise you I will put it on save
Tommy calm and I'll probably do a short
video about it just to explain it if
there's any explanation needed um mr.
Boston marine so don't listen to Zionist
Satanist they follow Talmud and if you
read it is satanic well top man if
you're saying don't listen
then how come to a saint design is why
why you why are you watching this
channel cuz I am I'm a Zionist and by
the way we have I haven't counted I
think our total number of people on our
trip is 61 that includes tour guides the
rebel staff our viewers from around the
world I haven't done a tally but I think
maybe our trip is 15% Jewish if that
it's like 85% Gentile and we have people
from different backgrounds I'm not gonna
get into it it's not quite Noah's Ark
but we have people from all walks of
life most are not Jews you could be a
Zionist without being Jewish just like
you can be pro Taiwan without being
ethnic Taiwanese I'm not telling these I
have no skin in the game there but I
support Taiwan because I'm conservative
and I support this tiny little liberal
democracy with civil rights and the rule
of law and democracy right next to the
big bad Communist Chinese many states so
that's why I'm Pro Taiwan it's not
because I have a religious or ethnic
connection I don't I couldn't be more an
alien from Taiwan other than I feel an
affection for them they're the little
country they could it's how I feel about
South Korea too by the way
wiser add the rebel media hiking
everyone again just shut up like
seriously if you don't want to hear
about me or rebel media why do you come
here loser I'm a reality show did you
know that he just had you know what I
don't even know what you're talking
about there you know there's some gross
stuff here I'm gonna hide some of these
users and repeat hi Ezra Conor Roseburg
I'm just here for the comments I'm
enjoying the comments I mean I I read my
hate mail all the time I'm yeah can you
tell me one such town I think you're
making things up again
Blum Azhar hey Ezra there you go you
know there's some really weird trolls
here we are a pro pro Tommy Roman I'm
taking out this ante there's a slander
here against Tommy Robinson I'm taking
it off
Checkpoint Charlie read the Bible folks
yeah read the Bible read the Jewish
Bible the Torah otherwise known as the
Old Testament reads in Newton
and read the Quran the Quran is hard
reading because it's it's written in
language you're not familiar with I mean
so much of our familiarity with the
Bible is the King James Version of it
which was one of the greatest works of
literature of all time
and I should point out that it was
written contemporaneously with
Shakespeare the King James Version is
you know it was to have a standard from
writing something well but the King
James Version absolutely it's beautiful
beautiful literature and you got to read
it but my point is the Quran is not
written in the language that we
recognize you got to read it anyways and
if you need help
read Tommy's annotated version by the
way okay um let's just keep going here
Brian Thomas I wish I could be in Israel
but unfortunately I'm slaving over a
master's dissertations alright fair
enough
Kevin Wallace used to work in Israel
great place was very interesting place
that's for sure
Vicki cloud hey Tommy Tommy was fun to
hear that chant
um Petra Heinrichs will you always be
live at 2300 hours Israel time well I
think I'm going to do that for the rest
of the trip as I mentioned at the top of
the show I've been doing this show every
weekday at 12:00 noon Eastern Time
but because I'm here in Israel that's
seven time zones over that's right in
the middle of our supper time and I I
don't want to miss our group dinners to
do the live chat so that's why we've
made it 11 p.m. here 4 p.m. in tomorrow
John Zeeland said watch the videos from
Israel very good well thanks very much
we just we're just getting going with
the lobby of rebel Israel calm Rob
Henderson yeah Brian alone and he's a
friendly guy we had a we had a good chat
today
mmm this is some weird comments you
don't care
chicken permission 105 hello from New
Mexico huge fan love the rebel wish I
was in Israel with you well thanks very
much I mean I like doing these trips
they are fun way to travel and it's
always interesting to do journalism from
the road it's a fun way to connect with
our superfans because these are folks
who have spent thousands of dollars to
travel with us and um they do help the
company we raise a little bit of money
off these trips that pay our bills um
Steve Parkinson Jan Barca Tula yeah I
guess she told you she was coming makes
God why is Israel a game place to be I
bet you watch gay porn every day you are
a weird person I really do not like you
um well I don't watch gay porn I'm not
gay we you know I'm not anti-gay I don't
really talk about personal sexuality a
lot either in my commentaries or at work
or whatever um I think your comments
made it an insult but I will answer it
sustainably it is the only place in the
region where they have a Gay Pride Day
in fact walking around Tel Aviv there's
signs I've probably seen three or four
posters about gay pride the obvious that
would be Pride Parade tel aviv is a very
liberal city in contrast to jerusalem
which is much more religious tel aviv is
is is european and it's feeling in some
ways and it is the only and by the way
there is a colony of gay palestinians in
tel aviv I would call them refugees I
think that's accurate to say because if
you're gay in the West Bank in obviously
Gaza Strip in neighboring countries and
your family finds out they're not just
going to disown you
they might well honor murder you and so
you have hundreds of gay Arabs who come
to Tel Aviv because so it won't be
killed that's a fact
um let's keep going here do the minister
of airmiles accent again please you know
what my accents are so bad I've been
embarrassing myself with my accents the
other day I was practicing my Michael
Caine accent
and just to get it better John Ceylon
parody accounts are taking off thanks
Jerry well that's the thing you know the
strides and in fact you know what I'm
talking about Barbra Streisand had as a
gorgeous house in Malibu of course and
there was some public photography
project that was photographing all the
homes in Malibu but but it wasn't outing
anyone it wasn't picking on anyone it
was just I think it was actually a quasi
scientific project to look at erosion or
something
anyways Barbra Streisand heard that a
photo of her property was online and she
sued to have it taken down and I don't
think she was successful but the lawsuit
itself brought such enormous attention
to her photo that nothing that in fact I
remember reading the case I'm going from
memory here maybe there were ten people
who clicked on that photo total of whom
half were probably Streisand and her
lawyers but after the lawsuit was filed
to have it taken down it must have been
tens of thousands maybe hundreds of
thousands of people who saw it so that's
called the Streisand effect when you try
and censor something and you do the
opposite and I think Gerald butts is
doing two things by cracking down on
parody sites first of all you show
yourself in skin the Liberals are second
of all he's indicating that critics are
having an impact they I mean Justin
Trudeau I understand it's very sensitive
to any criticism he's just not used to
it
and third of all though I think it's
revealing house and serious the Liberals
are I see a super Chan from blue Mazar
thank you very much
CA Governor Jerry Brown sucks what's
your opinion on the 55 gallon per day
per household I assume that's a water
rationing rule um look I just don't know
enough of a water management in
California I'm sorry I can't I can't
answer that question thoughtfully I
think Jerry Brown is generally an awful
awful governor in so many ways and I'm
worried that California has passed the
tipping point on so many things from the
radicalization of their politics to the
open borders mass migration to the
social justice warrior is a ssin of
Silicon Valley there's so many social
ills that are coming in together
um I think I mean can you believe it
that Ronald Reagan was the Governor of
California I think right oh no what am i
mixing that up you know it's late I'm
tired and I had a couple of basses um
Reagan Governor I think he was governor
yeah he brought in prop 13 right yeah
governor Ronald Reagan was the Governor
of California for two terms it's hard to
believe that a California that would
support Reagan twice and and by the way
Nixon also ran for governor in
California in 1962 so that it's a
California was not always this super
left place all right there was a bit of
a ramble at 11:28 it just means they're
halfway done um off the beaten path
women are respected in Israel what you
know Katie hunted we by the way we taped
Katie's speech so we're gonna put that
online so you can enjoy it you know I
think my webcam hasn't turned on us you
mind if I wake up
sorry there you go I hope that doesn't
make it worse
um so so Katie did a speech say we taped
it we're gonna put that up sorry I did
that by the way I just wanted to make
that clear I don't think it helped we're
gonna put that up and Katie talked about
what it's like to be free and a woman in
Israel and in Tel Aviv especially you
see so many young women walking down the
street completely free the opposite of
the burkas and had jobs that surround
this country on all sides Harry Hill
know you have a great cockney accent
Ezra you know what I want to try I want
to try my accents but I just feel like I
would fail you know I was practicing
with the kids we were practicing and you
know you practice what you know right
and and Mary Poppins but the thing is
Dick Van Dyke I don't think he's a brand
so me copying dick Van Dyke's British
accent is terrible because he didn't
even do a good job
self I need to really study it Morales
woods why does this really encourage
Europe to accept millions of migrants
yet itself wants an ethnos State I
haven't seen Israel encourage Europe to
accept millions of migrants
I think that's Turkey and I think that's
Germany who have done that Israel is
deporting some of its African migrants
and if some leftist virtuous signaling
leaders in the West want to take them
from Israel you can't blame Israel for
giving them up but I have not seen
Israel encourage Muslim migration to the
West I've seen German and French and
Swedish and British leftist say that I
haven't seen Israeli say that I by the
way emma chief reporters i'm for borders
in israel and footboards in Canada and
for poor Europe I'm against the not the
Schlieffen Plan what's the what's the
cannot the Schlieffen Plan what's the
the immigration district in in the EU
called the Schengen plan let's sleep
implanted Schlieffen Plan with something
very different
let's read some or comments someone with
a bunch of letter C and this is Krishna
signing a deal with Middle East
countries to bring peace to Israel with
or without Abbas it's interesting you
say that because I think that the
Palestinians who were always used as a
weapon by other Arab states against
Israel against America I think in the
era of Trump that kind of shenanigans
doesn't cut any ice and so I think Abbas
is marginalized himself and the Saudis
don't really care anymore and I saw
reports from Iran the other day but
there were chants against Palestine then
let me be crystal clear not against
Israel but against the Palestinians and
the West Bank and the Gaza Strip because
Iran doesn't want to be sucked into
those issues repay for I thought that
was fascinating when he ever seen that
Zuzu thorin says my husband and I
appreciate your viewpoint and your way
with words also thanks for keeping Tommy
Robbins in the minds of people free
Tommy
thanks very much Silvana Smyre big up to
Canada BC rocks
it is great out there isn't it another
poster
I'm not gonna try and pronounce that it
is Kennedy retired from the Supreme
Court of the United States today isn't
that exciting you know what because I've
been traveling to Israel and in Israel I
haven't had a chance to do a video about
the amazing verdicts of the Supreme
Court for free speech for freedom of
association against forced union dues
mm-hmm
things like that upholding Trump's
immigration Authority win after win and
now another appointments by Donald Trump
one of the things Trump has gotten
really really right has been his
appointees to the courts and I trust
he'll do that again I wish that Stephen
Harper in his nine years as Prime
Minister had put ideologically strong
judges on the bench because the frankly
the way his judges rule in Canada is no
different from Hannibal Cholula and say
normally Harper could have remade the
entire Court he did not
Muhammad bed supporters California just
accepted 600,000 Afghani men mm-hmm I'm
skeptical of ammo hem and I don't I
don't believe that number I think that
sounds apocryphal or like you've added
an extra zero but even that I wouldn't
believe I I've been watching the numbers
of migrants and refugees under Trump and
the total figure is not even that I
Lucifer his gift what justifies women
the privilege to vote well I think their
innate humanity is the short answer
Scizor Ezra is Lauren really Jewish - I
think you mean Lauren southern I don't
think she is I frankly I never I never
asked her I assumed she was not lucy's
lux yeah Laurens video was really good
Laurens done a ton of videos I'm not
sure which ones you're referring to she
did a bunch with us of course you did
some after leave me as Israel is a
terrorist state well that's neither true
in in reality or in law or it's just
it's just not true to say that you know
anyway with your with your pen name
Himmler I'm gonna
I'm gonna hide you from the channel
Muhammad bed supported is true they came
in from the man left behind I'm just a
skeptic I just that numbers just so
unbelievable all right it's 11:30 3 I
don't want to just read comments it's
fun to read comments both there's a
super chat maybe I'll read that one
Felipe Hispanics and hey Zeus God Christ
bless you and Tommy Robinson well thanks
very much Felipe I'd be curious where
you're writing from I'm guessing the
United States you know you know I was a
lot of people today at the KT event
asked me about Tommy because they they
knew we were crowdfunding and I didn't
have a lot of answers that I haven't
already shared in public because I'm not
the family spokesman I'm not Tommy
spokesman I have not spoken to him on
the telephone
he has very few phone privileges and he
doesn't waste them
he is very few visiting privileges and
he certainly wouldn't waste them so -
keeping in touch with his family and his
very close friends and his lawyers
obviously prior to one I'm and Tommy
some work for the rabble anymore we're
still friends at all but so I really am
not in a position to be a spokesman I
think people were hoping I would have
some secret insight in atomic said I
didn't I just told him what I had told
you already about our crowdfunding in
the legal appeal so um you know we have
we've talked to the lawyers about
getting a little bit more information
out and we're in their hands and
occasionally if I get a message from
Tommy's wife that I think is appropriate
to share I will but really i there's
just there's just not a lot to say
Tommy's being in prison for more than a
month and that's just that okay that's a
look at some more tweets Jonathon Brian
are you visiting Jerusalem ezarik yeah
you can't go to Israel without visiting
Jerusalem sizer says apparently Simonson
is a Jewish German surname in Norway
well look I have no idea about that why
don't you ask her if she's Jewish I
don't think she is frankly Ramanujan
well done Ezra for doing this while out
of office if you're talking about master
aren't dice well I like mark dice I've
had
the chance to meet him in San Diego he
bought me a cup of coffee at beats
coffee and he reminds me in some ways of
Alex Jones what I mean by that as
Streeters when you go out what is what I
think we're buffering here a little bit
I'm sorry about that
as hotel Wi-Fi for years now Hotel
internet cutting out it's true I'm sorry
I'm sorry I'm gonna stick around for a
few more minutes II if we looks like
we're still cutting out I'm gonna keep
going if we cut out again for a woman
run at least the screen here look at
that spinning circle that frustrating
circle is spinning again so I think
we're done other Wi-Fi should be great
but it's a hotel what are you gonna do
we're actually switching hotels tomorrow
night so hopefully we'll find a better
place anyhow thanks for joining me today
thanks to those who did the super chat I
