the war on police continues and in a
pretty scary way we're finding out that
fentanyl laced fliers were placed on
Harris County Sheriff's Office vehicles
the Harris County of the county that
encompasses Houston Texas one of the
largest cities in the United States very
well-trained well-equipped well-funded
Sheriff's Office our Sheriff's Office
this is very very scary stuff a story
from the Houston Chronicle told us
sergeant Harris with the Harris County
Sheriff's Office was hospitalized too
after coming in contact with fentanyl
laced paper flyers and what the bad guys
are doing is they're lacing the Flyers
with fentanyl however they're doing it
sprinkling it on maybe making it an
aerosol and putting them on the windows
of patrol cars presumably so that police
officers
sheriff's deputies walk out to their
vehicle you've got to remove that piece
of paper so it's not flapping in their
face when they drive they're not gonna
be wearing gloves you're not leaving to
go on patrol or if it's your take-home
vehicle
you're not thinking you're ready to go
home you're tired are you ready to go on
patrol you're not expecting to be
attacked that passively right outside of
the sheriff's office or your substation
so you grab that flyer you know your
Grumpa lit up now it's all over your
hands you throw it in the garbage the
effect can be instant Benton L is 100
times more potent and morphine and
through absorption it's as potent as if
you were to snort it or smoke it or
inject it this is very very eerie stuff
the flyer the Houston Chronicle says was
one of several placed on nearly a dozen
sheriff's office vehicles at the Harris
County Sheriff's Office recruitment and
criminal investigation centers so they
are detectives really they're their
investigative people and people that go
out there and hire people to be deputies
to me this is a very symbolic calculated
and make no mistake this is this is a
terror attack now at least one flier
tested positive for fentanyl and they
call it as sometimes deadly oh maybe but
we've many many people
uh who have overdosed and passed away
from fentanyl right now they've tested
one of the 15 to 20 flyers that tested
positive
the remaining fliers were sent out to
the County Crime Lab it's called the
Harris County Institute of Forensic
Science now as I was saying this
sergeant had a take-home vehicle came
across the flyer she was leaving work he
didn't think anything of it would via
hires on cars all the time for various
businesses or promotions they get your
crumpling up you throw it in your glove
box or wherever or native Barbie DL but
she started to feel light-headed and
have what she considered to be through
her training some kind of exposure to an
opioid they call it fentanyl related
symptoms he was rushed to the hospital
and treated and relief the UH one of the
Chiefs said that you know luckily they
caught it very very quickly actually
wasn't achieve it was the Harris County
Sheriff Ed Gonzales and she caught it
quickly we do know from our experience
with fentanyl is that it can be very
deadly and as I mentioned earlier the
sheriff said it's 100 time potent than
morphine this is
this is really out of control now the
Flyers promoted the organization or
gated individuals an organization that
believes the deep state or gets certain
people they believe the FBI and CIA
purposefully inflict mental physical and
emotional stress on enemies of the deep
state in part by shooting microwave
technology at their head in order to
cause brain damage that according to the
group website hmm I rail about the deep
state all the time but I tell you the
deep state is really just institutional
bureaucrats those people who make you
wait online at Department of Motor
Vehicle or can't process a disability
benefit at Social Security
Administration those bureaucrats who
have veterans sitting for five hours in
VA waiting rooms not me smoke-filled
rooms of CIA and FBI shadow government
people who shoot microwaves at your head
doesn't need to be doesn't need to be
institutional bureaucrats can frustrate
you much more drive you insane probably
much faster than then that kind of thing
but this is telling a much broader much
more scary story and that we look at the
opioid crisis as one of worried about
the individual overdosing and dying
I mean addicted and the cost of
addiction we need to start looking at
opioids as a national security crisis
now that can be weaponized I'm gonna go
much deeper into this on my longer show
off-the-cuff Declassified I've got a
really really very story to tell you out
of Russia how about how an opioid was
used as an airborne chemical weapon it's
really important content we bring it to
you every day subscribe to our premium
service at www.mediaed.org download the
rebel app as always thank you so much
for watching I'll see you tomorrow
