in LGBTQ students and former student
government member at Ohio University
said she received a hateful anonymous
note followed up by a death threat
citing her membership in the LGBTQ
community less than a week later though
she was arrested and charged with three
misdemeanors for making false alarms
let's check it out let me introduce you
to Ohio University LGBTQ student and now
former student government member Ana
hires I'm not sure exactly which one of
the alphabet soup letters she is she
can't be gay but perhaps the L which in
Anna's case could stand for lesbian or
for liar you see after Ana claimed to
have found a hateful harassing note and
death threat harping on her membership
in the LGBTQ community the Ohio
University Police Department arrested
and charged her with three counts of
making false alarms
the police statement says iers
previously reported receiving a series
of threatening messages two of them in
this student Senate office and one of
them at her residence
subsequent investigation by oup D found
that iers had placed the messages
herself prior to reporting them the
student has pled not guilty but if
convicted
each misdemeanor count carries a
sanction of a $1,000 fine
and up to six months in jail a day after
getting arrested Ana resigned her
Appropriations Commissioner position on
the Student Senate and her position on
the publishing board of a local
newspaper okay two things here first of
all this girl who apparently harassed
and threatened herself out of
desperation to appear a victim was also
apparently in charge of which student
groups got funding on campus that's
pretty scary
second of all resigning isn't exactly
the best thing to do when you want to
look innocent but allegedly falsifying
victimhood isn't my only concern here
we've all heard stories about racist
messages swastikas and the like found on
campus we've covered some of this stuff
here at campus unmasked because it's
important to reveal actual hatred but
you've got to wonder how many of these
incidents are just stunts pulled by
attention seekers like it looks like
Ana's was
and if that's the case media outlets are
kind of just feeding the troll' by
embarking on an outrage circus for
campus unmasked I'm Rob shimmy shop if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus and
mass comm
