the EU withdrawal bill has been granted
Royal Assent which means the Queen has
signed off on it and it's now officially
law it's law it's finally law that EU
withdraw a bill is no longer a bill it
is an act of Parliament it's been signed
off by the Queen it's the law of the
land and there's been many months of
speculation about whether it would be
signed off in the first place whether
there'd be so many amendments from the
Lord that it'd be practically
unrecognizable but it seems to have
passed it's gone through but what is the
EU withdraw Iraq I thought we'd just go
over some basics today so the EU
withdrawal Act it confirms the UK's
withdrawal from the EU at least a gets
the ball rolling and allows us to do it
and in 1972 we signed the European
communities act and this meant that if
there was ever a clash between European
Union law and British law then European
Union law took precedent it superseded
the British variation of the law and it
was controversial then it's
controversial now but now that we've
signed the EU withdrawal act what that
means is that that old act is null and
void it doesn't mean anything anymore so
that's the first step of brexit but the
Act does something else as well
unfortunately it does actually mean that
now that we're leaving the European
Union all laws that we've taken from the
European Union since joining will now be
converted into British law now in one
respect in one respect I will be fair
here and say that it does prevent
something called a legal black hole
which means decades and decades worth of
laws would just disappear overnight and
some of them important so by taking on
all European Union laws as part of the
UK with with EU withdrawal Act we avoid
that legal black hole and David Davis
has said himself that is important to
take on these laws to ensure a quote
and orderly brags it yes please and but
from another perspective it does mean
that we're lumped with a lot of European
Union law it's it kind of feels like
something we didn't vote for doesn't it
you know we we voted to leave the
European Union but suddenly we're going
to be lumped with decade's worth of law
so there's two sides to this story
however however the ER the new bill
sorry the new Act does give power to
back to Westminster Parliament to amend
laws in the future so there are laws
that we're not going to want and all we
have to do it's our responsibility as
the voting British public is to vote
people into the House of Commons who
will basically debate and enact new laws
that will replace old laws that we've
taken from the European Union
so opportunities lie ahead here and well
that's that we've got to look forward to
now what is it March 29th at 11:00 p.m.
that's officially brexit day the balls
rolling it's only taken two years and
we've got less than a year left and be
very interesting to see what happens now
there's a lot of talk about a
possibility of a snap general election
there's sort of certainly some of the
Tory MPs are gearing up for one and
looking to their local Conservative
associations to see if they can be
selected to stand again I've said before
that I think Tereza main might just be
crazy enough to do it but I guess we'll
have to see it's my hope actually that
Theresa May sticks around and gets on
with it I think it's at this point
important just to get on with the bloody
thing and see how it goes and until then
there's not really much we can do March
29th 2019 bring on brexit but with all
this uncertainty who knows if it's even
going to happen by then if you want to
see more from me and the rest of the
rebel team remember to Like and
subscribe
you
