our biggest trading partner who's going
on war against China on trade go into a
trade war against the European Union
against Mexico and we're getting swept
up and that shouldn't shouldn't we be
you know outside of that we pretty much
have trade parity with the u.s. we're
not like China or Mexico
why are we in a fight but Trudeau won't
give up his Quebec dairy farmer cartel
or a few other things that most
Canadians don't really care about don't
really want to have a trade war over and
so right now
Trump after the g7 meeting he he said
he's looking at hitting us where it
hurts our auto exports do you see that
there all the cars coming into the US
that's where we're vulnerable you know
we sell them more than 1 million more
cars a year than they sell us so 20
percent import tariffs on Canadian made
cars would just devastate the auto
industry mean no American would buy a
Canadian made car for 20 percent above
this price you just smash our industry
Trump doesn't care them he wants all
those factories and jobs to come back to
Michigan and Ohio
he doesn't care of Ontarians say mean
things about him Ontario doesn't vote in
the u.s. presidential elections Michigan
and Ohio too and if he moves factories
down from Ontario to Michigan and Ohio
they will vote for him for a VAR now
this is a crisis but Trudeau and Chris
you're Freeland they've done nothing for
three weeks in fact today Justin Trudeau
took his 16th personal day in 2018 they
just took a day off work like he did the
day after the g7 itself how many
personal days have you taken in 2016
another more grown-up national leader
would probably be in crisis mode urgency
cabinet meetings maybe even taking his
entire cabinet down to Washington for
emergency meetings down there and
letting everyone know we take this
seriously probably calling in unorthodox
help calling in the Hail Mary passes
people with gray hair call up Brian
Maroney who got the NAFTA deal done in
the you know the canada-us free trade
deal down in the first place Mulrooney
would love to help he'd love it some
ways Jean cred Chan he
no turbofan of the United States but he
knew about getting business done that's
an excerpt from my daily TV show the
Ezra Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
