I love this story so much TV star
worldwide movie phenomenon and top
grossing Hollywood actor was awarded the
generational war at the MTV Awards Show
however that is not the most impressive
part what is most impressive is that
Chris Pratt upon winning didn't stand on
the stage and yell F Trump but rather
said you have a soul God is real and
learned to pray
I've been Davies this is pure Hollywood
and what is so telling about this speech
is that on YouTube's trending list
I guess using their unbiased algorithms
managed to ignore the buzz surrounding
the speech and rather posted in the
trending section a video from the exact
same award show with two hundred
thousand less views about black panther
I mean they're not even trying to hide
the bias that little backstory Chris
Pratt now 38 launched himself into the
top echelon of Hollywood actors and
what's impressive is his journey did not
start with his parents knowing someone
in a studio Chris products who grew up
dirt poor in Chicago and booked his
first acting role while living in a
minivan when he convinced a producer to
let him be in her horror film while
working as her waiter now when Chris was
awarded the Generation Award at the MTV
Awards show he took the opportunity to
not cuss out the audience or virtue
signal about a topic that'll be gone in
the next political cycle but rather gave
9 rules for the audience and a few jokes
that everyone can carry with them now
skip the jokes in Chris's version of
Jordan Peterson's 12 rules for life so
these are really seven rules and I'll
give my opinion of what I think he was
trying to say first Chris said breathe
and I would say meaning literally take a
breath and don't get taken up in all the
noise going around right now this
anxiety and yelling if the day just
keeps you aimless and you need clarity
in your life next he said you have a
soul meaning you have value you have a
purpose you were created then he said
don't be a turd and this is actually not
a joke he basically said strength and
intelligence can be used as a weapon use
it responsibly use it to build up those
around you these are powerful gifts you
strength to strengthen others use wisdom
to speak truth to people next he said
earn it this is good for the soul and I
took that as saying don't wait for a
handout don't blame other people for
your faults don't expect someone else to
do something for you and stop living as
a victim next he said God is real and he
loves you Chris says he believes that
and I believe that too next he said
learn to pray it's good for you and I
would say being in communion with your
Creator is unbelievably healing and
all-consuming next he said nobody's
perfect and you are not perfect just the
way you are and this was so awesome to
hear him say and he was speaking to the
generation this is so important for
everyone this generation here if you are
perfect how can you grow what can you
learn if you already know everything how
can you become fermentable in the world
when you're already in a stalemate with
yourself because you think you're
perfect you are not perfect just the way
you are now
Chris Pratt obviously is not a perfect
person by any means but he wasn't saying
that he was he was giving a great piece
of advice and being brave going up there
and saying something that a lot of
people would shy away from saying for
example it's very informative when you
compare this speech with also Robert
DeNiro speech in the way it was received
it wasn't the thunderous applause that
Robert DeNiro got when he walked out and
said F Trump if you look at the video
there are many people not clapping and
there's a very slow bill to a lot of
these things that Chris Pratt throws out
a lot of people were not used to honest
pieces of advice and not just some weird
political talking point but being honest
and speaking from the heart and I will
definitely be checking out Chris Pratt's
next movie Jurassic world a fallen
Kingdom when it comes out I'm Ben Davies
this is pure Hollywood did you enjoy
that video of course you enjoyed that
video so now you need to become a
Premium Member to the rebel that way you
have first access to pure Hollywood and
the entire rebel lineup
you
