now I might be wrong but why do I get
the profound feeling that nobody wants
Rebecca Sullivan to remove her shirt
meet Rebecca Sullivan she's a University
of Calgary professor whose work focuses
on feminist media and cultural studies
yeah I know I know sounds like more fun
than a barrel of monkeys right here she
is on a cbc program naturally offering
her ludicrous analysis of the
documentary the red pill
tell me about what the film is and what
people it portrays what do they stand
for they stand for the right of men to
have mostly sexual rights it's it's the
right of men to engage in any sexual
activity that they want and you know
have entitlement to women's bodies yeah
I know what you're thinking folks right
out of central casting right and by the
way do you think she's actually seeing
the red pill in any event this Nutty
Professor has since moved on from
condemning that doc because she's now
busy condemning a Calgary bar for
posting a sign that was striving for
mirth but according to Sullivan is
perpetuating misogyny now as you can see
the sign for the hostel bar states guys
no shirt no service ladies no shirt no
charge I mean according to a global news
story Sullivan is shocked and disgusted
and offended and etcetera etc etc but
remember the good old days folks you
know when you didn't care for something
at a store you'd take your patronage
elsewhere but because it's 2018
something that triggers a snowflake
invariably leads to a jihad but Softline
delicate triggered feminist doth speak
when there is this kind of joking
comment returning to a belief that we
bodies are available in bars by entering
into a bar you have signed some kind of
unwritten social contract that your body
is now available for men's pleasure it's
not funny
well the professor might be shocked and
disgusted and offended to hear this but
in 2018 again the tyranny of the left
means expunging anything they find
offensive even a phrase on a chalkboard
sign that might be a humorous or a
failed attempt at humor but disgusting
really
as for professor Sullivan no need to
take a red pill honey just take a chill
pill relax
for the rebel dot media I'm David the
men's ID Menzies hey folks the rebel has
a new app please download that app and
take the rebel with you wherever you go
you
