in a busy week Kurt Schlichter and I
have a lot to discuss from immigration
and Nancy Pelosi to Peter Fonda to
remembering the late great Charles
Krauthammer so much went on this week
actually yesterday things were happening
about every five minutes here to help me
unpack this crazy week Ella rebel try a
lawyer extraordinary US Army Colonel
retired a colonel US Army retired perch
like their work I don't have you watch
the rally the Trump rally in Duluth a
couple of nights ago Duluth Minnesota
Trump was on fire
it's a blue-collar town it looked like I
look like a Rolling Stones concert
people were cheering jumping out of
their seats bouncing up and down
standing ovations all that was missing
the lights were down and people were
waving their lighters around I mean he
always play Freebird play Freebird
how does he lose in 2020 it can't I
don't see it happening
that's Wisconsin I miss Minnesota rather
there's this giant appetite out there
John for somebody who wants to stand up
for normal Americans which leads me into
my book militant normals which you
should go everybody should go by and you
stole me a blurb on anyway we got a
blurb remember you want me to the book
out already no it's not exactly
Rumour Has It rumour has it that certain
select people are helping you vet the
cover for your book yeah we'll talk
offline anyway look there's this huge
appetite for someone who stands up for
us and will you get idiots like Peter
Fonda or Wanda Sykes or all the rest of
them you know coming in there and
attacking you know the guy who's the
symbol he's become that he's become the
avatar of normal Americans which is
bizarre even he pointed out even Trump
point out last night you know I'm this
billionaire bad and you know you guys
are all responding to me but facts are
facts so when they're attacking Trump
normal people are seeing it and normal
people are tired of you know what's
interesting everybody's telling us every
telling us well the conversation in
living room
kitchen tables and diners and water
coolers as immigration immigration
immigration what conversation but you
talk to normal Americans and it's the
economy right so the way I might take
away from the other night in Duluth over
Minnesota was from asked America trust
me on the economy they trusted him and
you know what the bet paid off right
he's all over you were in a trump guy
your Congress not York I I I was the
best on him again rush me again and
they're saying what do we got to lose
you know you know he's the first guy
who's paid off the first bet is paid off
he's the he's the guy who actually come
through I mean you look at the you look
at the normal Republicans and they're
just this they're just not talking to or
about or taking the side of normal folks
right you know people out there are
hurting they're under fire from the
culture and what does you know Jeb
exclamation-point have to say well
you're being uppity oh my clutch clutch
clutch
he doesn't provide an answer he's just
another voice going test test test
you're terrible we know we're not go to
Jeb for a second right because his
pettiness his pettiness is now costing
his son so his son George P Bush was
running is running for Texas Land
Commission
yeah pretty pretty significant statewide
office that's a big job there
big job very powerful very similar to
the AG commissioner here in Florida
people don't think much of the
Agriculture Commissioner will a state
like Florida
it's a cabinet-level appointee lateral
to the Attorney General
now I'm sorry it's an elected not an
appointee my mistake it's an elected
cabinet position lateral to the Attorney
General
well Don jr. despite dad's not getting
along Donald Trump jr. likes George P
Bush parently is very likable guy he was
gonna go and he was gonna campaign for
him but he's pulled out because Jeb Bush
won't stop attacking Donald Trump so
this guy is so unhinged that he's now
putting his own personal pettiness in
front of his sons political career how
petty are these I mean they're just they
aren't just the worst and and they're
kept more liberal every day stat now
suddenly the true conservative position
is catch and release when
when did when did it happen that you
don't separate criminals from their
children I I was unaware that this was a
problem and so famous twig it's a thing
now well it's a thing but Pelosi's is is
really doing what I think is an
incredible job hope Nancy Pelosi lives
to be 162 years old and stays in office
as long yeah at least five more years
yeah because she exactly because she's
showing us exactly what the Democratic
Party's about it we've never about
keeping families together this is about
open borders Oh young borders zero
sovereignty for the United States
America exactly yeah look I'm out there
with normal people occasionally even
though I'm a blue state trial lawyer
heyo and no one is talking about this I
mean I was out you know whether it's at
the gym which yes I do go to or it is
you know a suburban party like I was at
you know a kid's graduation party
yesterday and I'm with a bunch of
suburban moms and dance
no one was timed at immigration I don't
mean a few people I don't mean a few
hints about it I mean zero no one
nothing this is a Washington DC
firestorm and all the cowardly
Republicans who have you know infested
Washington and who think Washington has
its fingers on the pulse of America when
in reality Washington has its fingers on
the pulse of Washington they're all
freaking out and out here we're like you
know people are to the extent they're
thinking about it all and they're not
really talking about but they're they're
like okay well yeah if I were arrested
for a crime I be separated for my kids
too I don't understand I assume my kids
would be upset too why do foreigners get
special rights I don't I don't
understand
you know Kirk that's we got a meeting in
Miami a dinner meeting with some old
friends of mine and we were in there a
Miami Brickell I used to live there to
tell Miami the banking district nice
area I mean very expensive still large
South American population large Cuban
population in Miami and I was in a
restaurant I used to go to all the time
we'd a table the bar area and it was a
large table
of cuban-americans I won't born in Miami
but they had the Miami accent and a
couple people at the bar ran into my old
neighbor and a Cuban guy and there was
one guy at the bar Trump comes on an
older guy and he you know gives trumpets
America oh you know after this guy
whatever and every Cuban in the place
lost their minds on this guy they're
like talk about the president like that
we came here legally he's doing it right
we look at our portfolios we're doing I
mean his support among the Hispanic
community in South Florida if I music
that anecdotal incident as a gauge is
skyrocketing
oh I immigrant your wife you know your
wife is cute was anything it was weird
having her a couple weeks ago and they
were not big Trump guy because they're
very religious and they're very decent
people and you know let's face it
sometimes Trump shocks the squares yep
but at the end of the day you know
Trump's not perfect but he's on our side
he doesn't hate us you look at these
people you know you you ice guys are the
new Gestapo I know well you know what a
guy like you or me looks at a nice guy I
think that could be me I wore a uniform
I carried it goes right right right I
did that you did too and I think a lot
of folks identify with us and when you
start saying a guy who's just enforcing
the law that our Legislature passed you
know we do have a democratic republic
and then you're calling them a Nazi for
that I you know I don't think it resume
do real well on college campuses or CNN
studios but among normal people they're
like wait a minute
I don't get it you know you talk about
you know there's corey lewandowski thing
this is how bad it is it got me
defending cory freaking Lewandowski but
you know what he went wow yeah you know
the town central kid brought it
separated you know just kind of
contemptuous and all I could think of
was well you know I'm no fan of Corey I
got my obese with that guy but my big
only question is what kind of person
breaks a kid with Down syndrome across a
border through a desert or a desert with
Rocky
reason smuggling I just
yeah I'm not blaming the cops for doing
their job no and you know what am I
supposed to do let let him go because
he's a kid then done that kind of
rewarding do you know if you if you send
your kid to your room to his room for I
don't know thrown a ball through the
window it is are you separating children
from their families are you caging well
oh you know I mean I know understand
kurtik so ridiculous I talked about you
know many kids I mean I don't say this
in a Cavalier way I don't say it I don't
say this lightly you know how many times
I was Forrest when I was within my PD to
remove kids from their parents and
pretty DCFS I mean I can't tell you
every every domestic you walk into that
is a reality if both parents are going
to jail you don't know what you're
walking in you know that you are you
walking through the door to see you've
got to bring those kids heartbreaking
nobody wants to do it but I mean what
are you supposed to do well you know you
beat the hell out of your wife but you
know little Suzy seems sad you can stay
here god knows what you'll do to little
Suzy or yeah or you get you got to take
both parents you gotta take both parents
that's jail hey little Suzy here's a
bottle of water and a happy meal you'll
be okay they'll be back in because I'll
send somebody around yeah got somebody
exactly exactly you know here you go kid
here's a bottle of water and a Camelback
Nicaragua was that way about 3,000 miles
see you know I you know I I think Trump
and I when I first heard he signed the
executive order I wasn't thrilled I was
like you know I don't know if backing
down it's the right thing but he really
didn't back down I said okay we'll just
keep them together but we're not
catching and releasing we're just not
doing that right yeah take me on and
then then of course they kept freaking
out and you know normal people were like
okay well they're gonna keep them
together now okay well why is this still
a problem I want to bring you these
interviews pretty much every day if I
can I want to bring you Kurt at the end
of every week so we can recap so you got
to help me keep doing that by
subscribing to our premium service at
wwww forward slash goes go to the App
Store download the app
standing rebel app and as always thank
you so much for watching you have a
great great weekend I'll be back with
you on Monday
