students at the University of British
Columbia are trying to get conservative
author and four-foot-tall commentator
ben shapiro just kidding he's at least
like four and a half feet they're trying
to get ben shapiro banned from campus
and naturally their main spokesman seems
to be pursuing a very worthwhile
graduate arts degree let's take a look
ben shapiro is scheduled to speak at the
university of british columbia in
October but not if you BC fifth year
arts student Reid Marcus imagine
investing five years in that not if Reid
Marcus gets his way Marcus put out a
call to action on the UBC needs feminism
Facebook group which features this
adorable image of a guy thinking about a
girl and a girl thinking about communism
how cute and that was actually
apparently the old Facebook group
Angelou Isidora
a director of the UBC free speech Club
that invited Shapiro sent me some
screenshots from the new private group
here's a letter from Marcus who's
apparently deleted his facebook with the
content or trigger warning for
transphobia homophobia Islamophobia and
racism here Ali who SHM and another
apparent student says watching Hitler
give a speech will be much better than
this swine referring to Shapiro at least
the man had some charisma and fantastic
public speaking abilities another person
post below and other comments by Ali in
which the guy says Viva Viva Intifada
blood will run through the streets of
Jerusalem never forget who the
aggressors were Angelou tells me his
club has hosted Jordan Peterson five
times with no protesters yet the moment
we invite a pro-israel speaker like Ben
Shapiro it's chaos Jewish students feel
completely silenced by the campus
culture and this campaign to shut down
the event is proof of this the
opposition is comprised of sjw's who
hate any opinion that isn't their own
and raging anti-semites who openly talk
about violence towards Israeli Jews
Marcus who's also Jewish wants the
school to cancel the event saying
Shapiro is neither a scholar nor an
activist ah so because Ben isn't
involved in either the
production or distribution of BS
indoctrination his opinion is invalid
I see Marcus cited shapira's views on
Islam by which she probably means his
refutation of what he calls the myth of
the tiny radical Muslim minority he also
cites Ben's views on the
israeli-palestinian conflict and gender
identity oh yeah remember this you don't
know what you're talking about
you're not educated on genetics so let's
do it from the genetics and back to the
brain scans you cut that out now or
you'll go home in an ambulance yeah
Shapiro's skepticism about gender
identity is definitely the threat here
not people who actually make threats of
violence and get off scot-free because
they're on the right side of history
anyway Marcus says that Shapiro's talk
would violate British Columbia's
discriminatory publication law UBC's
discrimination and harassment policy and
its statement of respectful environment
all three of which sound like hogwash
that can be applied arbitrarily to
silence political dissidents and get
this Marcus doesn't even want to engage
with Shapiro in when he called
performative debate where he gets to ask
a question and Ben gets to respond and
I've seen some of these performative
debates where the questions are really
long Marcus said I think that the debate
is over we as a civilization have kind
of decided that you shouldn't go around
dehumanizing people now apparently 10
students sent you BC letters trying to
get Shapiro banned the school has sent
each of them statements defending UBC's
commitment to free speech but who's to
say that as the event draws closer and
antifa groups possibly begin mobilizing
they won't change their minds who's to
say they won't suddenly slam the group's
sponsoring Shapiro with an insanely high
security fee only time will tell but
don't you worry we'll keep you abreast
for campus unmasked I'm Rob shim shock
if you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
