a 17-year old black male in East
Pittsburgh Pennsylvania was shot in the
back while fleeing police from a car
stop of course uproar ensued but might
the shooting have been justified
protests in East Pittsburgh Pennsylvania
after the police shot and killed 17 year
old Antoine Rose now at first glance if
you don't dig into the fat pattern of
this case it looks bad you've got a 17
year old liing a car stop being a car
stop and a police officer worn into duty
only hours before irresponsibly draws
his firearm shooting and killing this
innocent 17 year old kid shot him in the
back
slaughtered him in the street presumably
for no other reason then he was driving
while black and so terrified of the
police that he was running away but
that's not the fact pattern of the case
that's the media's back pattern of the
case but it's not the real back pattern
of the case now the usual suspects are
out there the black lives matter crew
the National Action Network how
Sharpton's people they're all screaming
and yelling and making noise we expect
this after a police involved shooting we
expected the dareth people saying he
murdered him in front of my face as
demonstrations began outside of the
police station in East Pittsburgh fines
and police violence now and people said
they had videos of the incident but
here's the problem here's the problem
they're not giving you the fact pattern
now the family attorney a guy named D
Lee merit the rose family attorney said
quote from all accounts he was a
generous hard-working and highly
promising student affirmations of his
generosity of spirit and genuine
good-heartedness have began pouring in
from all corners of the East Pittsburgh
community where he lived
now I'm not going to besmirched the dead
but the fact pattern of the case betrays
the honor student narrative that of
course is starting but what is the fact
pattern of the case well let me read
this to us from Fox News there's a lot
of local news here's where the rubber
meets the road okay investigators said
Wednesday that the cars stopped in East
Pittsburgh matched the description of a
vehicle being sought in a non fatal
shooting in a town a few miles away an
East Pittsburgh officer who has not been
identified was taking the driver into
custody when two passengers including
17-year old
Antoine Rose ran off investigators have
said rose was shot three times they said
nobody fired a weapon a weapon at the
officer during the stop and the team did
not have a weapon on him
however however Allegheny Police
Department superintendent Coleman
McDonough dead quote an investigation
revealed that the shooter in the
original non-fatal shoot fired nine
forty caliber rounds at the victim from
a passing vehicle the victim also
returned fire
new firearms were recovered from the
vehicle from which Antoine Rose fled the
vehicle that antoine rose was sitting in
had bullet holes in it now now
anything is possible but the likelihood
in East Pittsburgh Pennsylvania of two
vehicles of identical make model year
and color having occupants that match
the description of those who shot
someone from a vehicle of that make
model year in color in that vehicle also
has bullet holes in it
from the return fire of the victim of
the first shooting
the likelihood of there being two cars
like that driving around each Pittsburgh
are pretty slim so the police officer
had probable cause he pulls the vehicle
over he goes to arrest the driver two
others in the vehicle flee to others
suspected of trying to kill someone
doesn't matter that the shooting was
non-fatal does not matter now Merritt
the victim's family ville ii alleged
shooter shot by the police's family's
attorney wrote it we said quote we know
very little about the circumstances
surrounding his death at this early
stage we must emphasize that rumors of
him being involved in a separate
shooting are substantiated not untrue
unsubstantiated we know that he was not
armed at the time he was shot down that
he posed no immediate threat to anyone
that isn't necessarily legally true and
I'm gonna read you the Supreme Court
decision which most likely justifies the
officers action in just a moment we know
that he was not armed at the time he was
shot down also doesn't matter according
to the United States Supreme Court
that he posed no immediate threat to
anyone could analyze all that and that
significantly the driver of the vehicle
he occupied was released from police
custody the officer involved in this
shooting had just been sworn in to the
Pittsburgh PD roughly three hours before
this encounter now a lot of falsehoods
in that statement he was an East
Pittsburgh police officer not a
Pittsburgh police officer and yes he had
taken employment with the East
Pittsburgh PD recently and was sworn
into that department but he had been a
police officer in neighboring
departments since 2011 the cop had seven
years on the street not a cop with a few
hours on the street but the media is not
telling you that these facts without
more simply leave very little room to
justify the use of deadly force by this
officer additional information
concerning the background of the
offending officer and the facts
available to him at the time of the
shooting is needed as we determine the
appropriate action in this matter now it
will say this typically typically these
attorneys are screaming for the
officer's head on a pike and the officer
to be impaled on a stick in front of
their police station this attorney is
actually being pretty professional I got
to give a credit where he did look he's
hired by the family to represent their
interest but I think in that context is
a very fair statement he's not vilifying
the cop he's simply saying right now it
doesn't look good he reports of my
clients that my fam my clients son or
nephew whatever this kid is being
involved in the shooting are
unsubstantiated he's not saying he's the
greatest kid in the world he's not he's
just saying look we don't know enough
right and it looks really bad and we're
gonna take some kind of action we don't
know enough so in the grand scheme of
attorneys that do this kind of thing I
got to give this guy merit some credit
he's not he's not out there you know
trying to create riots but they're
starting to happen and you can see this
predominantly african-american name high
crime now here's the problem or those
saying the police tried to randomly kill
or the police randomly kill this child
for no reason
a pesky Supreme Court case decided in
1995 argued in 1984 of Tennessee V
Garner considered a 1995 kid now let me
read you Tennessee V garner summary
a Tennessee statute provides that if
after a police officer had given notice
of an intent to arrest a criminal
suspect the suspect flees or forcibly
resists the officer may use all
necessary means to effect the arrest
acting under authority of the statute a
Memphis police officer shot and killed a
Pelley respondent Garner's son as after
being told to halt the son fled over a
fence at night in the backyard of a
house he was suspected of burglarizing
the officer used deadly force despite
being reasonably sure the suspect was
armed and thinking that he was 17 or 18
years old and a slight build the father
subsequently brought in action in
federal district court eking damages
under 42 u.s. code 1983 for asserted
violations of his son constant Sutton's
constitutional rights
the district court held that the
Tennessee statute and the officers
action were unconstitutional but a Court
of Appeals reversed and it went to the
Supreme Court and the Supreme Court
ruled
the Supreme Court ruled and this is the
decision of the opinion of the court the
case requires us to determine the
constitutionality of the use of deadly
force present to prevent the escape of
an apparently unarmed suspected felon we
could include that such force may not be
used unless it is necessary to prevent
the escape and the officer has probable
cause to believe but the suspect poses a
significant threat of death or serious
physical injury to the officer or others
and that is that is the crux of this
case in East Pittsburgh because Antwon
Rose was suspected in a shooting it
doesn't matter how it looks after the
fact it doesn't matter how you feel
about it how I feel about it how the
rose family feels about it how the
residents of each Pittsburgh in East
Pittsburgh feel about it all that
matters is it the lit second the exact
moment that that Officer pulled that
trigger all that matters is whether or
not in that lit second net fraction of a
millisecond that Officer believed that
the person fleeing posed a threat to the
public
and it is reasonable reasonable to
believe that a person sitting in a
vehicle at just that was suspected
vehicle used in a crime of shooting and
the person in the vehicle is one of the
suspects in that shooting it is beyond
reasonable for a police officer to think
that person poses a threat to the police
officer or to other innocents and that's
why according to the law forgetting the
optics anyhow it looks
that this shooting appears to be
justified and the court went on and they
wrote a lot in this case because it
really this case is a very important
case it gives the government the right
to basically kill you if you're fleeing
in unarmed and so they wrote other
things I mean let me find you some other
relevant points here the court wrote
back in 1985 the use of deadly force and
prevent the escape of all felony
suspects whatever the circumstances is
constitutionally unreasonable it is not
better that all felony suspects die than
they escape where the suspect poses no
immediate threat to the officer and no
threat to others the harm resulting from
failing to apprehend him does not
justify the use of deadly force to do so
it is no doubt unfortunate when a
suspect who is inside escapes but the
fact that the police arrived a little
late or a little slower afoot does not
always justify killing the suspect a
police officer may not seize an unarmed
non dangerous suspect by shooting him
dead the Tennessee statute is
unconstitutional insofar as it
authorizes the use of deadly force
against such weighing suspects
it is not however unconstitutional on
its face the court is saying that the
Tennessee statute that was the
in question in this case has elements
that are unconstitutional and this is
the very important part it is not
however unconstitutional on its face
where the officer has probable cause to
believe that the suspect poses a threat
of serious physical harm either to the
officer or to others it is not
constitutionally unreasonable to prevent
escape by using deadly force
now remember Antoine Rose and his
buddies are in this car here did a guy
the guy shoots back the officer had no
way of knowing if rose and the other guy
fleeing were going to finish that died
off
he had probable cause to believe another
was in danger I'm saying he because they
haven't even identified the gender of
the all I rather I glanced over it but
I'll uh oh uh
for the officer
okay it is not constitute same reason or
medicate by using deadly force thus if
the suspect threatens the officer with a
weapon or there is probable cause to
believe that he has committed a crime
involving the infliction or threatened
infliction of serious physical harm
deadly force
may be used if necessary to prevent
escape and if where feasible some
warning has been given
as applied in such circumstances a
Tennessee statute would pass
constitutional muster and this then
became the law of the land when the
Supreme Court rendered its decision so
let's think about that fact pattern
again right in this East Pittsburg case
there's a shooting
people call nine-one-one this is the
make model and year of the car this is
what the occupants in the vehicle looked
like the guy shot at shot back there are
bullet holes in the vehicle mmm short
time later police officer on patrol sees
a vehicle matching the make model and
description with suspects in the car
matching that description bullet holes
in the vehicle a felony car stop now
remember the statute right that should
says if there is probable cause to
believe that the fleeing suspect has
committed a crime involving an
infliction or threatened infliction of
serious physical harm another
but now the cop is pulling over this
vehicle believing that those within
right to shoot end or shoot and kill
somebody
one is in custody about being arrested
the other Q flee
deadly force may be used if necessary
and prevent escape dreamcourt
that's it in black and white in black
and white
and this is what the problem is going to
be for the social justice warriors in
this one mmm a very very big problem for
the social justice warriors and because
this police officer remembered his
training from the police academy
he remembered procedure he remembered
constitutional law the law on this is
clear top didn't even have to know or a
fact that Antoine Rose pulled the
trigger on the other guy guy who shot
back at the vehicle
hop didn't have to know that brain court
says the cop only he standard of
suspicion we call the levels of
suspicion mere suspicion reasonable
suspicion probable cause beyond a
reasonable doubt
the police officer only needed probable
cause which he had he had that he had a
detail description of vehicle bullet
holes in the vehicle descriptions of the
suspect two gun suspects who guns in the
vehicle one gun apparently matching the
caliber 40 caliber used in the previous
shooting and I'm assuming the officer
could tell those weapons were fired you
could smell you you'd be able to smell
that your training and experience a cop
you add all that up yet all that up and
the officers action directly comport
with Tennessee V Garner 1985 there's no
debate about this there's no gray area
about this the officer's actions comport
with the statute they were entirely
entirely constitutional what the social
justice warriors won't care about this
they'll riot they'll burn their
neighborhoods down and we don't know
anything about the background of this
Antoine Rose the kid shot now look it's
always tragic when a 17 year old is
gunned down by the police which even
more tragic are the circumstances that
kid put himself in why was he in a
vehicle that was shooting at somebody
else while people indeed why was he in a
vehicle with people that were shooting
at someone else or was he among those
shooting at someone else we don't know
but if he was why why in what lead what
happened in his young life that led him
to be with those kinds of people in that
kind of environment
what happened we don't know we have no
idea but those are the questions that
need to be asked before we start with
the honor student narrative now people
in the neighborhood are doing what you
expect quote he shot that boy three
times in the back while I was watching I
already talked to the police and
everything that boy was murdered he had
no gun nothing my kids was outside I
told my kids to go in the house and I
see them have the car pulled over and
they shooting the boy just running
didn't have no he just ran running is
not a death sentence that's why I'm glad
they blocked the street off in protest
cuz that cop murdered that boy he
murdered him in front of my face well I
don't fault
this guy
this is a guy named John leach
neighborhood resident here's what he saw
look that way I don't fault mr. leach
for not understanding the statute of
Tennessee V Garner I don't fault mr.
leach for not knowing the facts of the
case we're not having information the
police officer had at that moment right
they sons had no information on previous
shooting knew the car match the
description bullet holes
suspect match police officer had the
training seven years of experience the
training in constitutional law knowing
that Tennessee V Garner gave him the
legal authority to shoot a fleeing felon
knowing their experience on the street
that often times and what looks like a
gang-related shooting or a personal beef
related shooting those fleeing might be
going back to finish off the other guy
optics only matter to a point oftentimes
they don't matter at all
oftentimes they don't matter at all and
in this case optics simply do not matter
one bit what matters the only things
that matter the only things are what led
up to the car stop what was in the
officer's mind what the officer believed
when pulling that vehicle over and what
the officer most critically what the
officer believed at that split
millisecond he pulled that trigger and I
truly believe I truly believe that
officer felt at those two fleeing
suspects presented a grave threat to the
public you remember his training he
remembered his case law constitutional
law and he made very very tough very
very tough what millisecond decision
fire his weapon I believe it was
justified we're gonna find out soon
enough
but I believe reading all the facts of
the case I believe the shooting was
legally justified and you can bet your
bottom dollar that shooting a 17 year
old is gonna haunt this cop for the rest
of his life and haunt them for the rest
of his life I see right now I sit here
and bring you this this shooting to me
appears to be legally constitutionally
justified there is like this are really
important and I want to analyze them for
you cut through all of the hysteria all
the emotion help me do that by
subscribing to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org the rebel app and as
always thank you so much for watching
I'll see you tomorrow
