there is hypocrisy surrounding beauty
pageants and child drag queens beauty
pageants are regularly demonized
attacked and criticized whether it's a
child pageant or a regular Miss America
style pageant feminists and
anti-feminist all seem to have something
to say about it
recently the Miss America beauty pageant
bowed to political correctness demands
and dumped its most famous swimsuit
competition since its founding in 1921
these swimsuit competition has been one
of the most recognizable competitions
within Miss America giving beauty queens
a chance to show off their healthy
bodies and natural features but of
course that sexist and that's what the
media and feminists say so it must be
true and it turns out to no surprise at
all that placating feminists just does
not work now that the swimsuit
competition has been banned feminists
are still complaining that the
competition is just not just sexist but
indefensible we must defeat this
insanity and not placate it now that the
swimsuit competition is gone there will
be a campaign for women to cover up more
and then they campaign to include trans
women and then maybe a campaign to
remove high heels from the competition I
mean what is next I think that it is the
feminists who are making an issue of sex
they do it to child pageants as well we
could probably all agree that there are
some problems within the industry of
beauty pageants for children but let's
not forget one of the most important
founding principles of beauty pageants
these competitions instill the
importance of grace and beauty into
girls at a young age I personally like
them it teaches them to hold their
posture and learn arts like ballet and
grow up to be well-spoken polite women
and if we are allowed to have real
conversations about the possibility of
these young pageants being sexualized
why is it that we are not allowed to be
critical of the blatant sexual ization
of young boys in the drag and trans
communities remember desmond
he is the ten-year-old drag queen who
watching a drag show on TV at the age of
only five was allowed to transform
himself into a drag queen
soon after desmond has been seen on the
youtube channel of club kid murderer
yes murderer michael alig he was paraded
all over the national media and heralded
as brave and powerful he's cool he's
amazing he's fabulous he is a kid and
he's back in the press with an inspiring
message about being yourself videos of
seven year old boys dancing in the
street free gay pride wearing high heels
and being sexualized in front of crowds
of thousands brings this point home I
know this personally I used to go to
pride all the time this is not a
child-friendly industry or culture this
is an industry filled with drugs
drinking and all-night parties this is
an industry that celebrates the weird
and the freakish and which has strong
connections to sex and sexuality so if
the left are going to continue
criticizing beauty pageants for sexism
or for sexualizing children it's time
they also spoke up about children being
used as a way of normalizing sexual
deviancy some subcultures just are not
appropriate for children no matter what
you think of them drag is one of them if
you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team like and
subscribe
you
