you know it's funny down there because
here in the United States and Donald
Trump is so focused on jobs and economic
growth and the stock market I mean he he
talks about it every single day I think
it's I don't think it's unfair to say
Donald Trump is obsessed by jobs and
economic growth I think he would take
that as a compliment it's such a
contrast Marcos up here in Canada our
Environment Minister is the opposite
she's obsessed with this global warming
report and so is the Canadian media
party they're doubling down on the
carbon taxes we live in an alternate
universe up here in Canada but I suppose
at the end of the day it's sort of
impotent I one thing that caught my eye
mark is that Donald Trump just casually
introduced a major new program to clean
up actual real pollution in the oceans
so not harmless colorless odorless
carbon dioxide that you know you and I
are exhaling but actually cleaning up
junk in the sea Trump's all about
cleaning up actual pollution he's not
gonna waste time talking about how many
puffs of co2 dance on the head of a pin
yes in fact right before President Trump
famously met with Kanye West and the
former NFL great Jim Brown in the White
House he had of all people Democrat
senator Sheldon Whitehouse at the
signing ceremony for this cleaning up
the ocean campaign that President Trump
had been championing and you mentioned
this is a real environmental problem
that government can actually do
something that's going to be putting
sanctions and pressure on the
governments particularly in Asia that
are responsible for most of the ocean
pollution and plastics and all the
issues that we're having in other words
not using plastic and Starbucks is going
to do nothing for the ocean but actually
using US international force to pressure
these country countries in Asia to clean
up their act is so you had senator
Whitehouse the number one blowing a
global warming alarmism the Senate
praising Donald Trump for an
environmental issue it was an amazing
sight to see yesterday you know it's
funny because of course and again I just
want to tell you our Canadian story
because such a contrast our Environment
Minister just did a TV interview where
she brags that
at her house they don't have plastic
straws they have metal straws which of
course need to be washed and detergent
on my plastics truck so she's so
boastful about banning straws and
plastic straws and she's on this jihad
against straws but of the 10 worst
polluting plastic dumping rivers in the
world
Aitor in Asia - or in Africa so the the
cabinet minister in Canada whose virtue
signaling about her metal straws it's
it's just it's so laughable Trump's
taken the fight to these actual
polluters I can't it's so funny that
he's actually doing the real ocean
cleanup but she's the one virtue
signaling would have you been following
our Canadian Environment Minister at all
I'd love your thoughts on her if you
have or maybe she's just one of a
thousand squawkers that you to note well
I think this is when you mentioned
virtue statement that's what everyone is
into on these issues I will give senator
Whitehouse credit though for actually
saying and praising Donald Trump and
being there shaking his hand giving
Donald Trump that photo-op a lot of
climate alarmists wouldn't do that and
you know at least what's out in White
House was actually there and was able to
swallow hard because he obviously
despises President Trump but most of
when you're talking about these other
environmental issues it's all virtru
signaling this is what they're all into
and they Canadian prime minister at the
environmental Minister the dimensioning
you know I don't think she would have
had what it would have been willing to
ever stand on a podium with Donald Trump
to actually do something about real
reduction in environmental waste that's
an excerpt from my daily show the Ezra
Levante show weekdays at 8:00 p.m.
Eastern every day I do a monologue
interview a guest and read my fan mail
and my hate mail to subscribe go to the
rebel da media slash shows
you
