well chalk up another pop-culture item
that has failed the political
correctness sniff test namely a Father's
Day card featuring the words baby daddy
apparently these cards are offensive and
racist because one must never conflate
the idea of fatherlessness and blackness
oh the grief to Keisha Saunders endured
last month while she was browsing
through the Father's Day card selection
at a Target store in Dallas for
according to a New York Times story -
Keisha came across one card that just
didn't sit right with her sensibilities
the card stated baby daddy in pink
cursive script and featured a black
couple kissing meanwhile the inside of
the card stated quote you're a wonderful
husband and father and I'm so grateful
to have you as my partner my friend and
my baby daddy happy Father's Day
end quote now baby daddy is a phrase
used to connote well a child's father
but it can also be used in Ebonics to
refer to how shall I put this kindly an
absentee father one who just fathered a
child but nothing more but evidently
using the term baby daddy on a greeting
card that features a black couple is an
outrageously offensive act or at Li the
very least at something that perpetuates
an outrageous stereotype now because to
Keisha found the card offensive she
complained on social media and because
this is 2018 and all it takes is one
whining malcontent poof those cards were
yanked by American Greetings on Twitter
the company later stated quote this card
was intended to be a playful husband
card but we have notified the product
team that it missed the mark please
accept our sincerest apologies and no we
will do better in the future
end quote ya guys better just stick to
running those photoshopped images of
dogs playing poker or shooting billiards
but where there's smoke there's often
fire and when it comes to fatherlessness
in the black
we are sadly talking about a raging
bonfire here in the US more than 70% of
black children are born out of wedlock
now don't get me wrong there are
magnificent single-parent families out
there to be sure but regardless of what
the social engineers proclaim the best
environment in which to raise children
are those families that have both a
full-time mother and father another
sobering stat is that the black homicide
rate in America is almost four times the
national average so the question arises
is there perhaps a connection to the
lack of strong father figures in the
black community and cry I think there is
and I think it's downright tragic you
know closer to home right here in
Toronto it is already shaping up to be
yet another summer of the gun given the
recent spate of violent crime incidents
last week two young children were shot
in a playground they were collateral
damage who got in the way of some
despicable Vendetta being carried out by
a pistol-packing Punk and in another
shocking story a 13 year old is accused
of stabbing a cyclist to death 13 and
how are we collectively responding to
such grotesque carnage well we recite
feel-good albeit useless mantras such as
it takes a village to raise a child and
we mall over the idea of building more
basketball courts with the idiotic
belief that thugs will turn in their
handguns to play a game of bball instead
oh and of course we bend some goofy
greeting card for taking a shot at baby
daddy culture and in the meantime the
carnage and the suffering continues
unabated because everyone's so damn
afraid of coming across as being
offensive
for the rebel dog media I'm David the
men's Loyd Menzies hey folks the rubble
has a brand new app please download that
app and take the rebel with you wherever
you go
you
