you remember the last time you went to
the movies and enjoyed a
character-driven fun entertaining
well-crafted story I know I was
beginning to lose hope too but safely my
fears of another flat or money-grabbing
sequel were put to rest thanks to the
incredible to successfully navigated the
difficult task of making a sequel but
how did it navigate the difficult
political and social climates let's find
out I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood
alright so The Incredibles 2 is the
sequel to The Incredibles released in
2004 that was written and directed by
Brad Bird Brad Bird also wrote and
directed the outstanding animated film
The Iron Giant and even directed Mission
Impossible Ghost Protocol very
interesting dynamic director and writer
I also have to mention that the
Incredibles 2 grossed over a hundred and
eighty million dollars in one weekend in
just the US alone breaking the record
but was this box-office gross because it
was a good movie or because of an agenda
it was pushing let's find out as a
viewer I'll give the Incredibles to a 5
out of 5 now to begin I do like the
first movie just a bit better because
the emotional elements really land
because of the potential lost of loved
ones around you however this movie is an
excellent ride from start to finish the
animation is captivating in the
direction and scene construction is
absolutely mesmerizing and each
character is deep and lovely to watch
and it also includes very strong
universal themes that keep you
emotionally invested throughout this
wild ride each character is flawed and
interesting but no characters are put
down for the sake of another which also
means it doesn't have some weird
political agenda that's forced into the
story that makes it slow make no sense
and angers from the audience now as a
critic I will give this movie a four out
of five again as a movie this absolutely
looks incredible to watch and that's
funny to say about an animated cartoon
movie but where Pixar in general and the
first Incredibles movie did so well is
that each character is real they are
deeply drawn they're not flat
caricatures of just these things that
you want to make points out of and the
reason the story is so relatable and
everyone can pick apart an element of it
they can relate to is because it in its
core it's just a story about a family
that loves one another but it's all
magnified and made entertaining by
clothing each of these characters and
the issues in a superhero costume and
their actual powers and abilities are
just magnifications or abstractions of
things they actually deal with their
parts their personality traits
shown to the audience and that's why
this movie truly works so well it's
everyday life with superpowers and my
fear honestly was that they pushed some
radical feminist message in this movie
because the last a girl is like
basically the lead of this new one but
that really wasn't the case each family
member was highlighted in each one of
their roles they're doing and assuming
because the mom wasn't there both
amplifies what they do for the family on
an everyday basis and what the mom has
done staying home taking care of the
children and what was so great and that
was shown on cameras that Elastigirl
would have dropped any of those crises
that were thrown in front of her just to
come home at the drop of the Hat to help
her family members in the time of need
know my faith and values is a five out
of five just like in the first movie
there's again a strong theme of being
sacrificial to someone other than
yourself putting your family before your
personal aspirations and wants and
there's also the moral conundrum of
trying to do what is right when you know
it to be despite the entire world being
against you and that by doing the right
thing some people will just hate you for
it and there's also the strong message
of you're more than your powers which is
seen as your more than your identity or
what you do there's a higher calling you
must cling to or you will lose your way
and lose sight of what is important all
in all the Incredibles 2 is a great
sequel and on how I suggest you check it
out I'm Ben Davis this is pure Hollywood
and another fantastic news you can now
download the rebel up and take me with
you wherever you go to get exclusive
content and the entire rebel lineup
you
