why why would a student have to take
their shoes off why would they have to
say what you want in here but this is
your office this is not a prayer this
notice it's not a prayer place you have
a separate place for prayer you don't
have yeah you request ones like anybody
else
well that fine gentleman was Felix Coe a
University of Connecticut professor who
required students to take off their
shoes and say bismillah which means in
the name of Allah before coming into his
office here's what happened after Felix
was called out for trying to impose his
religion on students at a public
university if a Christian put in here in
Jesus name would this happen you cannot
do this to the kiss you cannot say they
have to take their shoes you cannot say
what you wrote in here I will not say
what this is and then I can take you
yeah I don't know how that would fly if
it were a Christian professor now I
don't think those two men who made that
video or students but Felix's treatment
of actual students seems even worse my
shoes
thank you Joe why and get the hell out
of here I don't want to be Wow a student
recorded that audio clip and I'm
guessing that she did not take her shoes
off before entering the sacred holy
space of the office she's paying for
with her student tuition dollars so you
should have told me that bit right there
hmm maybe Felix should have paid
attention when reading the paperwork for
his position at the University of
Connecticut
not that it really matters now the
school said that the professor has
retired since the filming of the video a
spokeswoman said the sign that had
directed guests to precede their
conversations with a specific Arabic
phrase was immediately removed at the
university's direction UConn promptly
resolved the issue in
manner that respects the rights of all
involved and affirms the university's
values of civility and inclusivity yes
finally a college that doesn't
completely bastardize the concept of
inclusivity inclusivity is supposed to
mean that I can go to the sky's office
hours and have a conversation about
ethnobotany
which is what he apparently taught
without having to have the conversation
in the name of Allah as for the taking
off shoes part I'm kind of like Jordan
Peterson with the gender pronouns I do
if I believe the person asking me we're
doing so out of civility or to keep a
clean house in this case but if I
thought for even a second that they
meant to compel me to do it in a public
space whether through the force of the
state or their God it's a no for campus
unmasked I'm Rob shim shock if you like
this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
