if you're looking to support some
entertainers who avoid politics I have
an act to recommend coming up today on
the Hollywood conservative it's always
refreshing when celebrities and
entertainers stay in their Lane as in
your expertise is singing or dancing or
acting or strumming or whatever so
unless you are talking about a new film
that you have coming out or some new pop
chord progression that you'll be
introducing on your new upcoming album
we don't care my mom when I was growing
up used to say to my brothers and I if
you don't have something nice to say
don't say it at all
well Hollywood celebrities at all if you
have something political to say don't
say it at all we don't want to hear it
now my opinion on this is pretty
widespread after all if people cared
what Hollywood celebrities have to say
Hillary Clinton would be queen not just
president she would be queen but
apparently this widespread popular
opinion among Americans isn't so
widespread in the LA bubble every single
day there's a new celebrity offering
they're uneducated opinion on something
happening in DC or the swamp or with the
Trump administration it's a mental
disorder Trump derangement syndrome that
has infected all of entertainment but
with a few exceptions Donny and Marie
Osmond who have been entertaining the
masses for gosh half a century know that
when it comes to politics and religion
they better leave that to the
politicians and the preachers in an
interview that they gave last week for
Fox News they said this our show is not
politically based it's not religious big
religious based we don't preach to the
audience we entertain the audience I
think that's the difference between some
entertainers and us they also spoke
about being grateful for their
decades-long success something that is
also very rare in Hollywood they have
both been performing since they were
practically toddlers I think that Marie
was five and Donny was three when they
started performing and they have found a
huge fan base as a brother-sister
do their Vegas residency that is still
running was originally slated for six
weeks but it has now been going for ten
years maybe it's because they're older
and wiser and clearly more grateful than
the young Hollywood twits who think that
just because they're famous they are
entitled to affect policy and the
political opinions of the American
people which is why I don't buy their
music or see their films but I will
certainly be seeing the Osmonds the next
time that I am in Vegas thanks so much
for watching this edition of the
hollywood conservative i'm amanda head
for the rebel if you enjoyed my
commentary and want to hear more from
all of us here at the rebels subscribe
to our premium content at
www.affordablecomm.com
