I'm Ezra levan it's June 20th and you're
watching battleground
oh hi folks nice to have you back I'm as
real van I'm the president of the rebel
dot media we're based here in our world
headquarters in a bunker in an
undisclosed location in Canada but we
have friends around the world one of our
friends is Tommy Robinson who used to
work for us for about a year he went
independent but we stayed in some touch
and in fact we had some plans believe it
or not we were talking about plans at
least Tommy wanted to have a welcome to
Donald Trump rally he called it a
festival actually and we were talking
about what would we help and what would
we do cuz he you know Tommy thinks big
and then of course he was arrested by
seven cops for reporting outside a
raking trial and he was within hours
thrown into prison for a 13-month
sentence we are assisting with his crowd
funny it was legal defense I am pleased
to say that there is an appeal that will
be filed an appeal on various things
that were unusual and improper in
Tommy's lawyers view so I'm delighted
that we have a small role in hopefully
righting the wrongs there but many
thousands of people in fact tens of
thousands of people around the world
have also done their thing not a legal
thing of course but a protest a
demonstration hundreds of thousands of
signed petitions have talked about this
online and Twitter but tens of thousands
have v-net physical manifestations
especially in London also in Leeds where
Tommy was arrested and around the world
we've shown you clips from here in
Toronto with support Tommy Riley I've
seen support Tommy rallies on various
continents even when in Israel I saw the
other day outside the British Embassy
and I think it's exciting because I
think that there there's have been a
momentum there's been a growth in
support for Tommy not an atrophying of
support and people who were once sort of
skeptical and wary of coming out for
Tommy you're saying you know why 10,000
and 15,000 people are meeting on the
street for Tommy it's not a fringe thing
anymore and look at them they're not
just soccer hooligans which is how the
mainstream media disparages Tommy's
friends there
severely normal people of various
classes one of the things that bothers
me about the UK is how the fancy folks
disparage the working classes and they
have no voice and labor which one's
claimed to be the voice of the working
man in the UK is not that and it's so
interesting to me how Tommy
I think has a better read on the working
class in the UK then the Labour Party
does Tommy strength is in labour
dominated cities like Sunderland I use
that as an example because I mean
there's so many times with Tommy so all
these fancy people or the lovey's as the
galleries is sort of like a red carpet
celebrity types of the lobbies but also
the labour rights and some Muslim
Brotherhood types some Islamic action
types they have been upset upset with
this public support now I want to show
you a letter that they sent to where
well to the Guardian which is like the
in-house press organ for the Labour
Party now I want to read you this letter
and I want to look at some of the the
fancy people who have signed it they're
upset that severely normal people are
showing up for Tommy and they don't know
what to do about it because you know
Tommy's not supposed to have support
he's supposed to be a criminal or a
hooligan and putting him in jail was
supposed to shut him up and this isn't
how it's supposed to work let's put up
on the screen this article we must come
together to fight the resurgent racist
right what were you talking about the
racist right Tommy Tommy it's not racist
I mean I would say he's right-wing but
you know no more right wing than he's
within one standard deviation of the
norm I suppose I'd say Tommy is not
right-wing unless right-wing means here
against rape gangs and the
islamification of the indigenous British
culture racist I think I've told you the
story before the very first time that I
meant Tommy I met him with his best
friend since childhood
who's that so that's my buddy and told
me his name I'm not gonna say his name
right now it's black you know it's no
big deal
you know to say that Tommy is racist is
simply false I think Tommy knows more
friends who were visible minorities than
any of his white critics certainly more
than the Guardian and Tommy has a
special rapport with Sikh people because
he likes Sikhs seeks her Patriots beat
Sikhs have been patriotic supporters of
the of the British Empire for centuries
and Sikhs are also the victims of Muslim
grooming gangs by the way yeah let me
read some more from this Guardian
article the deck there which is of a
fancy way of saying a sub-headline
over 50 parliamentarians trade unionists
of faith leaders and anti racism
campaigners so you know they're legit
sign a letter warning of an emboldened
far-right oh I thought they just said he
was right now they're saying far right
and saying we must defend our
multicultural society Tommy's life is
more multicultural in real life than the
guardian's newsroom and I have seen that
with my own eyes
Tommy mixes naturally easily normally
with people of different races because
that's where he comes from Tommy comes
from Luton
which is one of the most multiracial
cities and and back then the
working-class poor and the black
community were together
that's why Tommy's friends are of every
color in the rainbow the idea that the
lily-white the so white their pink
Guardian would give Tommy a lecture it's
just a lap but let's read some more the
15,000 strong violent far-right protests
of Reid Rami Robinson on Saturday the
9th of June his race major questions for
all those who value our diversity really
that was an incredibly diverse rally in
fact it had Muslim speakers there were
Sikhs in attendance red pill phil was
live-streaming the thing there was even
that transgender transvestite activists
I mean like I say more diverse than the
Guardian I'll keep reading the racist
right was using Robinson to reorganise
yeah no they were there to defend civil
liberties that Tommy's fighting for
freedom of speech freedom press Nazi
salutes and Islamophobia were at the
center of the mobile is
well that's a damn lie I'm sure that's
just a lie Nazi salutes were at the
center the mo of the mobilization you
can stop lying now this is the first
serious attempt since the collapse of
the English Defence League to develop a
racist Street movement and give it
political form yeah no it's not that
you can call red pill Phil you can call
Shazia Hobbs you can call Mohan Singh
you can call them racist but that's just
like calling someone dummy now it's just
a empty personal epithet don't you know
we we know that we're aren't you now it
is supported international by notorious
figures including from the US no one's
more notorious than those American and
the Dutch Islamophobic right yeah you're
talking about here at builders he's
actually the second most popular leader
the second most popular party in Hull
let's keep reading it is absolutely
vital that all who oppose this come
together in a United mass movement
powerful enough to drive these new
developments on the far right back
well you're sounding a little bit
fascist aren't you now Donald Trump has
played a major role in galvanizing the
racist right yeah you know I'm gonna
disagree with you on that one there and
so will black voters and Hispanic voters
who voted for Donald Trump at a higher
rate than voted for Mitt Romney in the
previous election and who are enjoying
the lowest unemployment in history in
the United States we will take to the
streets for the together against Trump
demonstration coinciding with his visit
on the 13th of July and when Robinson
supporters take to the streets again on
14 July we will protest against them to
wherever the far-right support grows so
does racism and violence let's come
together to defend our multicultural
society from those who spread hatred and
division yeah yeah no I
you know what I've observed Tommy enough
and I was observed him in situations
that are I'll say semi violent or pre
violent and what I mean by that is some
young male Muslim on the street sees
Tommy typically at a gas station we're
driving up to Sunderland old man
where we went for Tommy you have to fill
up Ferg gas right from from Luton to
Manchester you got to fill up with gas
so we pull into a gas station we stretch
our legs we go and we get a drink in the
snack while kept UMP scoffs right
and it's the UK so a young Muslim man
will see Tommy and he'll be excited and
he'll either be sort of positive about
and say hey can I shake your hand can I
take a selfie just to prove to my mates
I saw you that's best case scenario or
maybe there's some sort of oh I know I
got to do something I don't know what so
there's sort of a pre-fight kind of
thing I've seen it I've seen with my own
eyes and I've only hung out with Tommy a
half a dozen times let's say so you
could just imagine how comment it is in
his life I see some super chats by the
way I'll get to them in a moment
now if Tommy was not Tommy Robinson I
know how those fights would end they
were to end with the antagonist on the
ground because Tommy knows how to fight
Tom meets boxer but because Tommy is who
he is he doesn't do that he videotapes
everything because he knows he's going
to need legal evidence if the cops come
because the cops will assume tommy was
the antagonist the cops will assume
Tommy picked the fight right anti
can you call up the can you call two
videos for me Hannah one is the
McDonald's anti-fur attack on Tommy and
the other is from Rome when Tommy
accosted a migrant the aunty was
actually the one I want to show first
so all these pre fights these looming
fights I know that in Tommy's instinct
someone threatens to fight him and if
this were 20 years ago if Tommy was a
teenager he'd just clocked the guy you
know that's what Lutins like I guess but
because Tommy knows if he lays a finger
on someone he's going to prison and the
other guy is becoming a media star no
matter how unfair it is so that's why
Tommy flips on the cell phone and he's
always live streaming or filming any
interaction because of course it's going
to be a lie about him if
the islamist antagonist himself doesn't
lie the media will line now sometimes
tummy growls really loud to try and
scare the guy off because if you bend
the knee then you encourage your
antagonist so it's it Tommy plays an
interesting game he sort of rhetorically
escalates to get the antagonist to back
off and nine times out of ten it works
so the idea that Tommy provokes violence
or escalates is a lie I've seen it with
my own eyes
Tommy it terrified it's the wrong word
but Tommy is averse to any violence
because he knows he will they will
immediately be a pretext to lock him up
you doubt it how are we doing on the
McDonald's anti forbid keep looking
forward I'll read some of the Super
chats in the meantime super shouldn't
remind you what we're doing here you can
make comments there's a lot of comments
on the side here
how does Super chat work if you want
your comment highlighted in a bright
color you chip in a few bucks the good
news for us here the rebel is we get a
share of that from YouTube so to help
pays our bills
Ronald Bell chipped in ten pounds and
says where has my country gone I take it
from the fact you're in pounds a year in
the UK well that's the thing I grew up
here in Canada and we love the UK in so
many ways the Queen is our queen as well
she's on our passports on our stamps on
our money and when I think of the UK I
have Winston Churchill Margaret Thatcher
Shakespeare you know batter of battle
Trafalgar that kind of thing Battle of
Britain that's not the Britain I see
when I go over now
David Lincoln five bucks thank you hi as
for the future of the Liberal Party of
Canada is shown by the British Labour
Party today nasty is the nicest thing to
be said a lot of truth they're just and
they've just done the electoral math it
is there are so many more Muslim votes
to be had by indulging in anti-semitism
the Jewish vote is a trivial vote now in
comparison in Canada I remember when I
was a young man they were 85 member
there was a certain moment in Canada
about 85,000 Muslims and about 300,000
so just electorally it made sense not to
indulge anti-semitism
if electoral math was your point
now it's 1.3 million muslims I've seen
estimates from 1.1 million to 1.3
million Muslims in Canada 350,000 Jews
just from a raw mathematics point of
view there's four times more Muslims and
that's gonna grow and parties to the
left they like being anti-israel and
they're indulging anti-semitism anyway
so you have all these emphasizing
accelerating factors on it yeah you're
exactly right
the UK Labour Party today is the Liberal
Party of Canada tomorrow and what did
you say did you say you had the clip
okay here's a clip just going to this
absurd allegation in The Guardian that
Tommy provokes violence is the exact
opposite takeover Tommy's just a
McDonald's and take a look masks on
attacking a woman who is filming them
ten of them coming after Tommy Robinson
gonna take the camera away from her
coming at him from the back attacking
him knocking him down from the back
Trumpy on him but he gets up starts
fighting him and he basically fights
them off spoiler alert here but he
basically fights them off and then talks
about it to other people and the amazing
thing about this clip to me
so that's Tommy's video by one of his
cameramen that was narrated by someone
in force that's just the quickest place
our team found it you see what I mean
Tommy can handle himself but you see
this group of left is sparta many
McDonald Tommy loves McDonald's I don't
know how he stays Freddie eats junk food
all the time but he's fit he's tight
like a tiger they jumped him they put
their handkerchiefs on their face and
they like the cowards they are that's an
Tifa they're cowards
you saw Tommy's Tommy doesn't bend the
knee and and he would probably be put in
a coma five guys on one a that's the
courage of the left put that Guardian
thing back up because it's so ironic
Tommy's at McDonald's he gets attacked
by the ante for left
he fights him off yeah scares off five
guys school day I'm going to go through
the the signatories of this thing yeah
so Diana but we're booking at a bunch of
Labour MPs there's that Muslim Council
of Britain there's the Finsbury Park
mosque there's a self-hating Jew rabbi
Lee wax these these Jews against Tommy
are they think that if they help stick
the Shiv in Tommy maybe they'll be
devoured last coke and wieners stand up
to racism give me a break a bunch of
Labour MPs you see there I'm your MP MP
I'm Labour House of Lords MEP those
member of the European Parliament I
don't know what GMB PCSC wur I'm
guessing those were all labor unions
keep scrolling down a bit I'm guessing
those four unions Rock hey guys Rock
Against Racism doesn't like Tommy author
I like that I think there's someone on
the if dr. Seema Iqbal co-founder of Vow
advancing voices of women against
Islamophobia I don't know who dr. Seema
Iqbal is but
I wonder if she said a word about female
genital mutilation oh I love that julia
barred match the committee jewish
socialists group they're gonna devour
you my friend they're gonna devour you
once they devour Tommy they will turn on
you I just don't know what so many of
those acronyms are like that Maz Selene
anti racism campaigner stand up to Trump
yeah okay man carry Abel chair of
abortion rights you know I've never in
my life talked to Tommy about abortion
it's just never come up I have no idea
where he stands
do you I've watched a lot of Tommy's
videos I mean he's done more than 100
for us he's I probably watched 20 of his
other videos never heard him talk about
it I'm guessing that's outside your
mandate and I'm guessing you are
dedicating any pro-choice Brent to being
a Tommy hater and you have no basis to
do that Asad Ramah executive director
war on once now I'm not sure what that
is it sounds like it could be an
anti-poverty thing but Tommy does more
for working folks he's given he's always
doing some small charity thing here
there so yeah I'm not saying these
individual people are particularly probe
Islands although it would not surprise
me if they supported anti-fur violence
against Tommy I really don't care about
who these people are it just makes me
laugh that they're implying that Tommy
is a racist he's not or that Tommy is
violent he's not alright I wanted to
read that Guardian article to you let me
say hey Hannah have I missed any of the
super chats while I was okay let me just
I see one from Tung Yun Tom young John
God please save Western civilization
including Canada that's a good idea
Harry Hill says Ezra can you please sing
Oh Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy
Robinson in your best London accent well
Harry you chipped in five pounds so I
may as well try and and get into Marco
dang she was just 16 you didn't have to
blow the bloody doors off she was just
16 years old
Oh Tommy Tommy okay I'm not gonna do
that I'm sorry it's too embarrassing
I'm not good at it I have to be immersed
in it
I'm sorry I mean you know that greats
can you call up those two fellows who go
on tour through France and Spain the
Michael Caine impression you don't know
what I'm talking about it's it's just
just Google Michael came impression the
trip it's these two British comedians
who go on trips through France and Spain
and there's this great they the to come
ma the dueling comedians I think there's
a BBC or an HBO series and I'll look it
up right now Michael Caine impression
it's probably it's probably the first
one that this is how Michael Caine
speaks the trip that's what it's called
BBC two it's the first thing that comes
up when you type Michael Caine
impression go ahead roll this one let's
play the full clip it's the best well
they're wrong I've not heard your
Michael Caine but I assume it be
something long as it comes back okay
that is where you're so wrong everything
I don't do I said that you fit on like
that do you Mike okay okay I say Michael
town used to talk like this in a 1960s
right but that has changed and I say
that over the years Michael's voice has
trapped earth Sifl did let me finish and
all of the cigars at the brandy don't
let me finish it can now be heard
okay I'm not finished in the back
of the voice at the voice there we are
still not finished therefore is Hispanic
arrives
johnny was you look like you're about a
bloody child let me finish right so
that's why step in the back bed booties
added hairy breath I can't go fast
because particle tape talks very very
well this is how micros speaks like okay
speaks to his nose about that he gets
very very specific it's very like that
when it gets loudly it gets very loud
indeed it gets very specific it's not
quite nasal enough the way you're doing
it all right you're not doing it the way
he speaks you're not doing it with the
kind of ID you don't do the broker voice
but it gets very much when he gets very
emotional today she was only 16 years
old
she's only 16 you're only supposed to
blow the bloody doors off that's my
cocaine Wow what do you think of those
guys they have if it's the series is
called the trip and I think they did
went in I was trying to watch from the
it's funny it's funny these two guys go
there's a banter there's a rivalry
they're frenemies sort of it was only
supposed to blow the bloody doors off
she was just 16 years old
and told me Robinson I can't do it I
can't do it
okay I apologize to be immersed in it
when I go to the UK for a few days and I
hang out with Tommy and Kevin haven't
done that haven't seen them since March
or whatever Sunderland a whole different
accent just glorious glorious sir I'm
sorry I can't do it I wish I was better
at accents okay let me get out of the
whole accent thing I apologize I
apologize to my viewers here's Keith
McIntosh I'm a supporter but was wearing
legit I thought so but needed to observe
firsthand I went there the media lies
are appalling and it's comforting to
know I based my opinion on my eyes and
ears as a board as opposed to
third-party slant I think Keith is
talking about the UK establishment
including the police I've seen it myself
I've seen it with my own eyes and it's
depressing how politicized the police
are because you gotta believe in your
heart the police want to do the right
thing that their young boys and girls
who say when I grow up I want to be you
know cops and robbers I want to be a cop
I want to be a good guy I want to be
keeping the peace and how they go from
that to being political police that's
demoralizing
I'm just gonna read some more regular
and might have I missed any super Ches
I'm all caught up okay I'm just gonna
read some Arjun Singh Tommy 4 p.m.
probably not going to happen but I think
he has a lot of influence outside the
former formal political structured
anything
Ian McDonald F uck the UK police well
look there are obviously some good
police and I remember this one time when
a cop was tailing Tommy all day around
Luton and Tommy sort of implied he was
there to spy on Tommy no I don't think
so
police could pick Tommy up any moment
they want they know exactly where he is
all the time I'm sure I think that cop
was there to protect him I mean that's
the thing about the cops and Tommy said
this to me once you know the police when
he was travelling once the police came
to his home and stayed overnight because
they hope I'm not giving away a
confidence when I say that because
there's threats on Tommy in his life and
his family it's terrible imagine that I
mean on Twitter someone Docs is you you
know your name your address your phone
number it's not good but you're probably
not going to be killed Tommy you Doc's
Tommy could mean his his murder at the
hands of terrorists I don't mean to be
dramatic an anonymous dot re V it he
left the EDL but video didn't leave him
numbnut he's got an army of thousands
Tommy renounced the EBL as a corporate
entity wasn't even corporate entity was
just a group I don't think it ever
formally was a structure because he said
it had racism creeping in and like I say
Tommy's not a racist
Joe Bloggs the recent Islam is bad is it
causes hate towards other Muslims so
much for the religion piece well look
there are progressive Muslims out there
we talked about Maajid Nawaz I did my
whole show on him land last night I'd
say he's a friend of me of Tommy's
worked with Tommy before and he just got
a three point four million dollar
settlement from the Southern Poverty Law
Center that accused him of being an anti
Muslim extremist that was sort of neat
to see
Marcus food this is the nightmarish
terror that order George Orwell warned
us are you talking about my awful
impressions
Joshua Lambert Tommy is the new Sir
William Wallace one man with the heart
of a lion you dining a country he does
remind me of Braveheart CFC champ lol
sword you rocks Injun kit 88 what does
Islam say about abortion you know what
you got me I think it's probably a
pro-life religion Steve sees the
alt-right doesn't Andy but most SIV nads
don't have a clue about the JQ oh don't
get me started with your stupid JQ again
Jon Zealand Doug Ford is not bending the
knee to the fake media party yes so far
so good about Doug Ford he's showing
some courage and not bending the knee I
like that phrase bend the new it's a
house of Game of Thrones phrase Andrea
Hetherington Maggid just one big victory
for critics that's right I mean if you
could I mean just one second on that
because I did my 8 p.m. show on it but I
don't think we talked about during the
day I can't remember the Southern
Poverty Law Center as the name implies
is based in the u.s. south Montgomery
Alabama if I'm not mistaken about 50
years ago and they were there to fight
for the integration and the equal rights
of blacks it's a noble cause civil
rights movement but of course that
battle has been largely won at least
formally there are no more Jim Crow laws
there's no more segregation I mean just
take the obvious the United States has
had a black president and he was
reelected and he was kind of you know I
but instead of doing a victory lap and
say all right we won you know we battled
racial inequality in the south and you
know there may be the battle in some
people's hearts but in terms of the law
problem solved well no you know just do
a victory lap if you're a full time
campaigner like all those people signing
the Guardian letter there you like
strife and so the Southern Poverty Law
Center has reinvented itself as an anti
conservative extremist group really Anti
Fog but with lawyers and they have a
four hundred million dollar u.s.
Endowment so you got almost half a
billion dollars you got a bunch of
lawyers and you get donations to be anti
Tromp auntie this and that so they they
went after ayaan Hirsi Ali who you know
was from Somalia went to Holland became
a reformer had death threats there moved
to America she and Britain or America
can recall and achieve Nawaz who was in
London he's with a liberal group called
Quilliam foundation he tries to be an
anti extremist guy I don't know him that
well but he seems to be legit
so the Southern Poverty Law Center
smeared Maajid Nawaz and ayaan Hirsi le
as anti Muslim they are Muslim and
Maajid Nawaz sued them and they folded
immediately paid him 3.4 million they're
not sure to lawyers they're not short of
cash to pay lawyers so they're paying
3.4 million dollars to him and giving a
girl a groveling apology can you call up
the apology Hanna if they're if they're
doing a payout and a groveling apology
3.4 million it's not because they didn't
have the resources to fight it's because
they either did something so horrible
that they don't want it coming to light
or they knew that we're going to lose
and be punished so bitterly that they
thought it would be worth humiliating
themselves in pain 3.4 million there's a
battery do we have that video there's
the statement regarding Maajid Nawaz and
the Quilliam foundation I think embedded
on this page is their video if you could
I want to show the video because it's
quite something I'll read a couple super
jets in the meantime what's your opinion
on the Bilderberg Group they got done
with their meaning in Italy two weeks
ago the Bilderberg Group is something I
have studied it is an informal talk shop
like a TED Talks or a World Economic
Forum in Davos it's named after the
hotel where they where they met and it's
very much globalists very much like the
World Economic Forum but it's more elite
and it just reeks of the Soros is and
the Rockefellers and whatnot and it's
like a talk shop a salon in a hotel with
fancy food
for elitists they may talk about certain
agendas I'm sure they're obsessing about
Donald Trump I'm sure they're pushing
migrants they don't have formal
resolutions like the UN but their senior
influencers so yeah I I don't think what
they do is like I like I don't think you
would want to confuse the Bilderbergers
with like say a cult like the whole
spirit cooking Gro sness but they are
definitely sort of a private place where
globalist meat and plot that's sort of
what they acknowledge do they have a
website you can go to their website and
see how they describe themselves I think
it's pretty accurate
I see that we have the video news show
you the Southern Poverty Law Center for
a four hundred million dollar US
endowment that smears people for living
to say this you know they were terrified
of what a trial would show take a look
the Southern Poverty Law Center was
wrong to include Maajid Nawaz and the
Quilliam foundation and her field guide
to anti Muslim extremists since we
published the field guide we have taken
the time to do more research and I've
consulted with human rights advocates we
respect we've found that mr. Nawaz and
Quilliam have made valuable and
important contributions to public
discourse including by promoting
pluralism and condemning both
anti-muslim bigotry and Islamist
extremism although we may have our
differences with some of the positions
that mr. Nawaz and Quilliam have taken
they are most certainly not anti Muslim
extremists we'd like to extend our
sincerest apologies to mr. Nawaz
Quilliam and our readers for the era and
we wish mr. Nawaz and Quilliam all the
best that's quite something that is
quite something yeah I it was just
amazing um before I move on the next
subject I see there's a super chef from
Ian Baxter five pounds perhaps I should
start a tell that our website measuring
attacks on the far-right racist and
Islamophobic that's a reference to tell
mama which is a UK snitch line for
anyone who saw some mean to
about Islam have I caught up with all
the super chats Hannah all right I want
to take a break listen I love talking
about Tommy because I I'm interested in
it I'm excited that he's got an appeal
coming and I have a connection to him he
worked with us for a year and I and he
opened my eyes to the United Kingdom and
I have no desire and say to us as an
employees too much of a handful but I
remain a friend and an ally and and we
believe that we have a role to talk
about his case because we have the forum
and a lot of people join the rebel
because they like Tommy and they want to
know what's going on so that's why we
talk about Tommy and I have some direct
communication with the family but I'm
not gonna retail every little tidbit and
gossip to you because I'm actually
trying to be of some assistance rather
than just gossip I think I saw a super
chat there Keith McIntosh the channel
was changed so quick from the aid the IG
report in Korea - odd separation where
was that campaign started who was the
catalyst was MSNBC keeping the story in
reserved for emergency situations like
good news for the GOP yeah it's no
coincidence that's that so many stories
bombshells on the left are times when
the right is having an important news
moment but I wouldn't say that it is
coordinated I would say it's more like
birds
naturally flocking into formation
there's no chief bird that says you fly
that way you fly that way and we'll form
a triangle it's instinct
because they are so alike I call it the
media party they're harmonizing they
know to take their formations and to do
their bit they see now there are people
pushing and seeding and and then
stimulating and tipping and spinning yes
but it's not a command and control thing
that's just the team the media is a
party of its own much more powerful in
the States and the Democrats much more
powerful in the UK than the labor party
much more powerful in Canada than the
Liberals they are embedded
political activists who have a press
pass and so they get through our BS
detectors I mean when a liberal or
Labour a Democrat politician comes on
the screen and their name says Joe
Bloggs Democrat were on our guard
because we know he's selling us
something but when it says CNN reporter
or BBC reporter we're less skeptical
because they say well there's a there a
reporter no no no they're just an
embedded activist who can do far more
damage and with public resources usually
the case the BBC in the CBC okay I want
to shift gears because I want to talk
about that you bring me to my next
subject namely the absolute insanity
that is overtaking the US media and
spilling into the UK and Canada as well
about the long-standing policy going
back at least two decades in the United
States of when people illegally cross
into the country and are detained well
in the United States you don't have
jails with parents and kids now by the
way if you seek asylum legally if you go
to a point of entry and make an
application for asylum you're not
arrested and imprisoned you're not
separated from your kids but if you
break the law you will be jailed for
breaking the law and in about 80% of the
cases when children cross the border
they are not in the custody of their
parents they're in the custody of human
traffickers who are either paid with
cash we read the story the other day of
a $7,000 payment to a human trafficker
or they are paid for sexually they
either prostitute themselves out to the
child traffickers or they are brought to
America to be prostitutes it's horrific
so these kids are in 80% of the cases
rescued and of course they're certainly
in North America we don't put children
in prison with their parents
Tommy Robinson is in prison we don't
have his pay his kids with him it's just
not what we do but let me show you a
tweet from Peter Fonda the actor this is
this says everything can we put up Peter
Henry Fonda Kristen Nielsen that's the
homeland security sector
is a lying - that should be put in a
cage and poked out by passers-by the
gash should be pilloried in Lafayette
Square that's right across from White
House naked and whipped by passers-by
while being filmed pert for posterity
what a sick misogynist freak that a
woman and lying - is obviously a
misogynist insult should be naked and
whipped and filmed you sir are a freak
and a blue checkmark Twitter celebrity
put up the next one put up the next one
this is the craziest we should hack this
system get the addresses of the ice
agents that's the immigration agents CBP
agents that's the Border Patrol agents
and surround their homes and protest we
should find out what schools their
children go to and surround the schools
and protest these agents are doing this
because they want to do it they like
doing this F uck so this guy is saying
let's Doc's these police officers who
are enforcing the law just as Barack
Obama did just as George W Bush did and
let's target their families and their
children and by the way this dog thing
happened I saw on Twitter that someone
went on LinkedIn and downloaded anyone
who on LinkedIn said they worked for ice
that's the immigration police so this
isn't just a theoretical I think the
worst one is his Barron Trump one you
put the next one up you know Barron
Trump he's the 11 year old son of Donald
Trump and Melania Trump we should rip
Baron Trump from his mother's arms and
put him in a cage with pedophiles and
see if mother will stand up against the
giant asshole she is married to 90
million people in the streets on the
same weekend in the country
uck we should rip Baron Trump can you
call up I see that in in the last hour
Donald Trump jr. has a reply to that
while you're looking for that can you
put up the final one the final Peter
Funt one
sounds great we don't have to take the
agents kids we need only need to
surround their schools and scare the
 out of them and worry the fu CK out
of the agents from CBE ice and regular
Border Patrol agents we need to scare
the fu CK out of them need to make their
children worry now would you agree with
me first of all that this guy's not
normal that he's unbalanced that he's
that this is not mentally healthy
thinking or talking would you agree with
me on that and would you would you
answer me this Milo yeah innopolis was
terminated from Twitter because he said
some mean jokes about a comedian in
Ghostbusters the female the all-female
remake that one of the stars of that was
a black actress I forget her name and
Milo said some mean things and he was
terminated from Twitter Tommy Robinson
made some political commentary wasn't
particularly controversial banned from
Twitter but Peter Fonda Hollywood
celebrity blue check mark that means
verified by Twitter he's literally
calling for the rape of Baron Trump
that's put him in a cage with a
pedophile he's literally calling for a
female Homeland Security Secretary to be
stripped naked and whipped and filmed
and at least as of right now I mean
those those tweets are still up there
right I think so I mean I'd saw them
this morning so I don't know if they've
been taken down in the last five minutes
but this is just fine for Jack Dorsey
the president of Twitter so takedown
Milo because he made fun of a simcha
mean
and take down Tommy because he talked
about rape gangs but you are calling for
the you have a misogynist slur against
the department of homeland the Secretary
of Homeland Security you're calling for
the kidnapping and rape of the
president's son and you're a blue
checkmark liberal on Twitter and that's
just cool can you put up Donald Trump
juniors response
you're clearly a sick individual and
everyone is an Internet badass but
rather than an attack an eleven-year-old
like a bully and a coward
why don't you pick on someone a bit
bigger let me know Donald Trump jr. yeah
that's about right
all right so 42 I think I might have
missed some super chats ever missed any
Hannah I think I've caught up so let's
just take some more super chats or
regular chats I'll just read some mr.
Doug says Peter Fonda and Hannah Jane
his sister think the same way messed-up
individuals yeah they're both damaged I
mean that is a that is the sign of a
mental imbalance to think that way to be
so vile and violent and then to say it
in public and to brand your proud of
that you're proud of saying that
anonymous identity says Jewish Zionists
yeah I am what does this button do says
imagine needing to do FGM on women to
handle the man that's so pathetic and
cowardly frightened of God's women yeah
it's violent and it's against the law in
the UK but there's not been one
successful prosecution ever brought
Rohwer 67i Fonda is mad as fcuk yeah it
really is they call it Trump derangement
syndrome it really is I mean listen
there was Obama derangement syndrome and
derangement syndrome - but I never saw
it like this and never some from people
with such prestigious position Chris
Ruben rebel media paid for by her you're
stupid but I should say I would accept
money from the Rothschilds and they can
chip in $5 or $10 or even $20 on a super
chat you can even do that if you're not
a Rothschild because we take money from
our viewers we're not funded by any
corporate source or any government
source so you don't have to be Jewish to
tip in five dollars or five pounds it's
all appreciated falling down to our u.s.
says if Donald Trump doesn't lock that
POS up then you know Donald Trump has
some kind of angle on this no no so you
don't understand Donald Trump is not a
tyrant even though he's accused of such
he's not like Hillary Clinton can we get
the picture of Nakula bass Lee
Nakula being shuffled off to prison you
know who I'm talking about
that's the filmmaker that Hillary
Clinton blamed for the Benghazi attacks
remember one by magazi was attacked on
the anniversary of 9/11 September 11th
2012 about a month and a half before the
u.s. election Hillary Clinton and Barack
Obama said that
yeah that's Nakula bascially Nakula he's
a filmmaker in California who made some
YouTube video criticizing Islam you're
allowed to do that in America but
Hillary Clinton had him arrested as you
can see here and jailed because he was
blamed by Obama by Clinton by Susan Rice
by the Obama campaign for causing this
terrorist attack in Benghazi they said
it was because he made a film that had a
bad review in you know The Hollywood
Reporter of Benghazi was such an absurd
lie the media bought it of course
my point is Hillary Clinton's the one
who sends filmmakers away to prison
Donald Trump is not sent any went away
to prison can you call up Bill Clinton
can you can you google Elian el8 and I
want to show the picture this is going
back to Bill Clinton times
now remember there was this young boy
Elian Gonzalez living in Florida in
freedom and Castro wanted him back to
the island and he didn't want to go back
to the island
so Bill Clinton and his atrocious
Attorney General Senate sent a SWAT team
put it up there that is Elian Gonzalez
in a SWAT team raid to grab him away
from his family and deport him to
Castro's Cuba look at that look at that
that's Bill Clinton's doing the husband
of Hillary Clinton and the coulibaly
Nakula so yeah don't don't talk to me
about arresting Peter Fonda that's not
what Trump does but that's what Obama
does and the Clintons do yes so don't
don't say that's what Trump doesn't VM
Parliament is there a chance Shearer can
be replaced before the election well
anything's possible as Patrick Brown's
situation in Ontario shows us I don't
think Andrew Shearer has the kind of
personal skeletons in this closet the
Patrick Brown did so I don't think
there'll be any scandal of that sort
there are lots of possibilities you
never know what happens to a person but
I think it's quite likely he will carry
the flag into the next election and I
put it to you that just the other day
the Conservatives won a by-election in
Quebec surprising a lot of people it was
actually an outright majority over 50
percent of the vote I would put it to
you that Andrew Shearer is looking
better today than he actually has in
quite a while I hope that he takes
courage and confidence from that and
acts as he wants to rather than bending
the knee as he so often does the media
party Tracie King kicked in five bucks
thank you so much for that Tracie if you
have a comment feel free to make it and
I'll try and read it and you're having
tenoram scammed out of millions
that's right the clintons I recommend
watching the film called Clinton cash
was a by Peter Schweitzer his name he
wrote the book to that effect a really
good movie you know I don't like
documentaries I have a short attention
span but I started watching Clinton cash
and it was engrossing you can find it
for free on YouTube
absolutely the Clintons just how do you
make hundreds of millions of dollars
when you're a public servant well you
set up a Clinton Family Foundation so
you got Bill Clinton right on the
foundation you got Hillary Clinton's
Secretary of State and look the Saudi
Arabians the Saudis they paid 25 million
to the Clinton Foundation while they're
asking Hillary for favors as Secretary
of State that was public knowledge
hundreds of millions of dollars milked
out of foreign interests while Hillary
Clinton was Secretary of State there's
nothing more corrupt than that
I wish we had 1% of the scrutiny on the
Clinton Foundation when Clinton was
Secretary of State as we do for Trump's
you know people say Oh Trump is just
trying to do this North Korea deal so we
can build a hotel there are you crazy
why yes you are especially if your name
is Peter Fonda all right you know what I
want to switch gears because we got
another little story and this is more of
a Canadian story but I think the analogs
are there for the United States and the
UK too
you know I mentioned before that when
Tommy Robinson was arrested what was he
arrested for for reporting outside of a
rape gang trial in Leeds UK he was
reporting and that's what he was
arrested for and where was reporters
without borders
where's Amnesty International where's
Pan international these are journalistic
groups these are free speech groups none
of them said a word not one word in fact
I read the reply from Amnesty and
someone complaints everything that
copied to complain they said oh no it's
just a legal thing no don't don't you
worry yourself an excuse they've never
used before but they don't like Tommy
look don't don't think for a second that
reporters without borders or any of
these groups are neutral in on partners
and their colonized by the left maybe
they started nonpartisan and noble
enough but one of conquests laws
is any organization not explicitly
conservative will end up being left-wing
that's one of his laws another one of
his laws is any organisation and this
can be best understood as having been
taken over by its enemies I'm not
quoting it exactly let me get them to
get the exact Robert conquest
laws conquest was a philosopher a
historian here let me let me quote him
to you okay
so this is Robert conquest he have three
lots of politics I'll read them to you
everyone is conservative about what he
knows best think about that let's say
you're let's say you're a carpenter you
know how to do something you know how to
do something some new some new comer
says no I do it this way
but if you know buddy sit down don't I
know my trade that's not how you do it
that I've been doing this for years
we've been doing this for centuries that
ain't gonna work you see that you see
see you're a chef let's say you're you
knit I'm just let the say you're an auto
mechanic look like I'm talking about
real let's say you're a baker let's say
you're an accountant any fields of your
taxi driver anything that you have to
know something about by nature the thing
that you know the most about your
conservative about because someone who
had no I think we should do this yeah
we've tried that and we've been doing
this craft or this custom for centuries
and you're a johnny-come-lately and and
yeah go ahead and knock yourself over
son so that for everyone's conservative
about what he knows best ain't that the
truth a that's a that's a real truth ii
was any organization not explicitly
right-wing sooner or later becomes
left-wing ain't that the truth and look
at this last one that applies to free
speech groups and look at this watch
what the simplest way to explain the
behavior of any bureaucratic
organization is to assume that it is
controlled by a cabal of its and them
ease isn't that a good one isn't that a
good one of course it's taken over it's
colonized it's infiltrated which brings
me in the case of a group in Canada
called Canadian journalists for free
expression so I think conquest law
number two and number three apply law
number two
it's not explosively conservative so it
has been income explicitly left-wing of
course and number three it has been
colonized taken over by a cabal of its
enemies and again it's called Canadian
journalist for free expression it's
pretty clear what it stands for it don't
it I mean you can't get clearer than
that
I just see a super chap it's amazing
what fake news trendies will eat in
order to bash Trump they're happy to be
naive as a child as long as their
viewers and channels yeah you're so
right on that thank you for that and
caris back to see GFE which i think is
applicable in the states in the UK too
so just by the way this is a free speech
group and just the other week they were
having some protests to ban from from
speaking who put that back up so they
literally were having a petition to be
tell Trudeau keep Trump out of Canada
stop okay hang out you're for free
expression and you say you're
journalists so if you're a journalist
you probably want a report on Trump and
if you're for free expression you
probably want them to be able to express
himself freely but no they have a
petition to keep Trump out of Canada I
found you at your list and I thought you
for free expression
well Robert conquest law number 2 and
number 3 proves what's going on here
they do other weird things put up their
Israel business they're just so weird on
this you know you're a journalist you
can be pro or con Israel Good Friday
massacre in Gaza these journalists
protesters treated as military targets
and they just go on this crazy war
denouncing and petitioning the foreign
minister and you know that just we go
the Government of Canada must condemn
the one-sided use of military force
against civilian demonstrators and media
in Gaza must immediately call for a
cessation of these brutal practices and
must use all available diplomatic
political and economic such annals to
pressure Israel did blabbity blabbity
blah so your journalists or your
activists or are you what what are you
in a report on the news are you trying
to make
the news or yeah like I say it's it's
not a group of freedom of expression
can we show their their survey because
because there is I mentioned this this
is your survey on should the government
take action about fake news and they say
a strong majority of Canadians are
concern that fake news is making it more
difficult to find accurate in terms of
information and they want the government
to do something about it according to a
new survey I don't need to read any more
go back up go back on so this is you see
their news provided by Canadian
journalist for free expression so this
is a this is an official press release
by Canadian journalist for free
expression promoting the government
taking action against fake news now
one man's fake news is the other man's
truth and the other man's truth is
another man's fake news and you can
watch CNN and I can watch Fox and we
have a lively debate and Shakuni a
seong-gu as the French say everyone has
their tastes not Canadian journalist for
free expression they're calling for
censorship of news they don't like what
is going on why are you surprised why
he's surprised
Robert conquest laws google it I found
it in five seconds Robert conquest law
law number one people are conservative
about which they know the best it's a
good one
law number two if you're not explicitly
right-wing in time you'll be explicitly
left-wing it's an organization and rule
number three the best way to understand
the bureaucracy is it's taken over by
its enemies who better to call for
censorship than a group called Canadian
journalist for free expression who
better to not along with Tommy
Robertson's arrest than journalists
reporters without borders and amnesty of
course of course
it's 1256 that means we have four
minutes left I'm going to make sure I've
got through all the super
it's oh I think I miss one and I just
sent it to me James
flowers five paths Thank You Reza for
your reporting keep up the good work
any news on the explosion in London last
night no I don't have any news on that
I've seen it out of the corner of my eye
but I have not taken the time to
investigate sorry Andrew senior chips in
two pounds why is he not banned from
Twitter like Tommy well let's just see
right now if he's banned because I'm
just gonna I'm just going to Twitter
right now and I'm typing in Peter Fonda
is he still up there
Peter henry fonda i just clicked on it
he's still up there you know he may have
decided to take the other ones down I
don't know but at this second he still
has his account he still has his fancy
blue checkmark yeah because he's a
liberal a leftist so if your tummy you
can't report on a rape gang because
that's no go on Twitter if you're Milo
you can't make a joke about a comedian
that's mean because we have to protect
comedians in Hollywood not just
suspended but banned when Tommy was
banned from Twitter he had 400,000
followers 400,000 people who voluntarily
listened to him here's peter fonda
calling for the rape of an 11 year old
boy and calling for how can you like
what what kind of woman would even feel
comfortable with Peter Fonda knowing
like you're getting an insight into his
mind that he thinks the way to deal with
a woman he disagrees with is to have her
stripped naked and whipped on camera do
you got something you want to confess
Peters there's something you want to
tell us because you're telling us a lot
a lot more about you than you're telling
us about the Department of Homeland
Security Secretary I mean people can
make up their mind about her and her
policies and the fact that those
policies were inherited in fact from
Barack Obama and George W Bush before
him I don't think we actually learned
anything about those policies from Peter
Fonda but we learned a lot about Peter
Fonda from Peter Fonda didn't we and we
learned a lot about Twitter didn't we so
gross so gross
it's so 59 I'm just taking a quick look
to see if there's any other super chance
I don't see any fast Hines Oh 30 nights
it's fun to a has-been who cares well I
care because it shows the double
standard in the media Roseanne Barr was
fired in one second for an
ill-considered tweet Peter Fonda is fine
people are banned from Twitter Peter
phones got a blue checkmark that's why I
care not because I think Peter Fonda is
an important person but rather he is
held up as an important person by the
media and twittered you see that's why I
care about it alright folks I think
we're at the top of the hour
boy there's a lot of great comments
coming in but we're at one o'clock and I
got to go do other things I'll be back
tomorrow for those of you who don't know
every day at 8 p.m. Eastern Time there's
a super check that stuck in thanks for
helping Tommy as were you and rebel Rock
thank you James Harvey for those where
you don't know and every day at 8 p.m.
Eastern Time I have a show today show
what we talked about today in it we're
talking about Justin threw down his trip
to India and there's his expenses
welcome point five million dollars
including $17,000 to fly an Indian chef
from Canada to India 17 grand for the
chef because you know I hear they don't
have enough Indian food in India so you
got to bring your Indian chef with you
from Canada to India to cook the Indian
food when you're in India and taxpayers
are on the hook for 17,000 it's it's a
crazy show that's an APM for those of
you who care
and I think Canadians should care
because you're paying for
it's one o'clock until tonight at 8:00
p.m. for the show and tomorrow at 12
noon Eastern for the super chat on
behalf of all of us here rebel world
headquarters goodbye and keep fighting
for freedom
you
