they paid Maginot Maas more than three
million dollars us for his trouble three
million bucks that is a staggering sum
to be awarded at trial but to pay that
out as a preference to going to trial
was the SPLC afraid of I mean what what
do they do in secret that would come out
in public what would be revealed by the
lawsuit of course what they did in
public was damaging to Nawaz but to pay
three million dollars for that I think
that the SPLC wasn't just paying to
repair his reputation but to keep their
own reputation intact I can only imagine
what they were afraid would come out in
court about their malice or who's really
pulling the strings and their decisions
of who to hate and who not to hate I
think you were afraid of their records
being made public and the surrender was
so fast so fast it's great and now I see
that ayaan Hirsi le is thinking of suing
- she absolutely should of course and
she should either take her three million
bucks or press on to see what documents
will be revealed what internal
communications and decisions have been
made see the emails the minutes of their
private meetings the SPLC are
professional serial slanderers not just
that but they do it as a business they
receive support from the organizations
that ask them to censor especially in
Silicon Valley it's a very profitable
business is them but they're planting
their slanders around the world
extremely damaging and so they
themselves if ever - taken taken to task
could pay out huge damages to those I've
smeared there must be a hundred
Maajid Nawaz is out there maybe not all
of them as media-friendly
as him but surely a dozen of them are
but look look at this look at who has
just set up a Canadian branch plants the
SPLC has given a grant to a Canadian
colony run by notorious hucksters Evan
Bal Gord and Bernie Farber called the
Canadian 88 Network it's funny because
they sure hate a lot of people
themselves namely conservatives who
disagree with them like us here at the
rebel and our viewers in fact let me
quote from this story I went to the
rebel media conference the anti Islamic
phobia m103 motion was the theme the
crowd was over a thousand people and
they were strong about
in that crowd at one point one of the
speakers encouraged people in the crowd
to stand up pointed the journalists on
the edge and shout to fake news at us
that was the first time I'd seen that
happen in Canada yeah Evan that's called
dissent
it's called disagreeing it's it's legal
in Canada still Evan Bal Gord has made a
name for himself online consorting with
violent anti-fatigue and Bernie Farber
is the chief advocate of censorship in
Canada they're both fools again the two
will make money off their scandal
mongering won't they but maybe the
answer up here it's the answer that much
you know was found out over there sue
the bastards make them back up every
allegation make them justify every
slander especially in light of their
notorious malice I noticed just this
weekend that Evan Bal Gord signed up as
a premium member of the rabble hello
Evan you foreign-funded censor the world
now knows that you work for a corrupt
organization that calls anyone they
disagree with racists just for fun and
profit we know you're liars you're us
master just admitted to being liars and
they just paid 3 million dollars in the
process we won't be reluctant to sue you
for your smears either and we'll do our
best to encourage other conservatives to
stand up to the slanders of the alt left
especially those who would bring
disreputable foreign tactics to Canada
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show no one leaves
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always 2
interviews a day and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
