sexual harassment has been a headline in
entertainment media since the Harvey
Weinstein scandal now Hollywood as a
whole has scrambled to protect its image
as the moral arbiters to the world while
pushing under the rug its own normalized
degenerate behavior
well entertainment giant Netflix may
have found the cure and no not by
promoting traditional respectful
behavior but rather banning people from
looking at each other for longer than
five seconds that'll fix it I've been
Davies this is pure Hollywood a leaked
memo with new guidelines on the hit
Netflix show black mirror it's reported
that employees on the set are no longer
allowed to quote look at anyone for
longer than five seconds this appears to
be an attempt to stop flirting in the
workplace reportedly other rules include
that people are no longer allowed to ask
their colleagues for their phone numbers
and that staff are encouraged to shout
stop don't do that again if they feel
harassed okay so I've been on a couple
different productions and it's insane to
me that people are no longer allowed to
ask for phone numbers communication is
huge when it's literally a city of
people working on so many different
random tasks that have to all work
together in this incredibly tight budget
and time frame that would cost millions
if there's any miscommunication but the
more hysterical part of this policy is
the lack of self-awareness that it shows
if the culture promoted in Hollywood an
entertainment industry is so detrimental
and toxic to men and women alike then
maybe eye contact isn't the problem
maybe it's the glorification of these
crazy lifestyles without accountability
or consequence that lead to this and
this coming from the same community that
likes to lecture ordinary citizens on
their behavior and the sub acceptable
morality of their political opinions
Netflix responded in defense saying
quote we are proud of the anti
harassment training we offer our
productions we want every Netflix
production to be a safe and respectful
working environment we believe the
resources we offer empower people on our
sets to speak up and shouldn't be
trivialized unquote here's a question is
saying you look great to a co-worker
sexual harassment well it depends on if
you're interested in the person or not
from someone you like compliment from
someone you don't like harassment and
here is where the problem lies more and
more the left is pushing a world where
words are equal to violence and where
iContact is now seen as inappropriate
all because
most subjective feelings are super
important and more important somehow
than learning how to orient yourself as
a strong professional in the real world
and when policies like these are
implemented all it does is cause stress
for the mass group of everyday good
workers who now have to walk on
eggshells among their friends and
co-workers all because of policies
brought on by the Harvey Weinstein's of
the world and the never-ending push for
more politically correct policies I'm
Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood did
you enjoy that video of course you
enjoyed that video so now you need to
become a Premium Member to the rebel
that way
you have first access to pure Hollywood
and the entire rebel lineup
you
