a $7,500 swing set 3 patio umbrellas for
a thousand bucks apiece
you will not believe some of the
luxuries the Prime Minister is treating
himself to with your money at his
already taxpayer-funded lake resort my
question is what veterans were you talk
about was the ones that fought for the
freedoms and values that you so proudly
boast about or was the ones who fought
against because honestly mr. prime
minister I was prepared to be injured in
the line of duty when I went to have
when I joined the military nobody forced
me to join the military I was prepared
to be killed in action what I wasn't
prepared for mr. prime minister is
Canada how turning its back on me
so which veteran was it that you were
talking about thank you sir
thank you for your passion and your
strength and being here today to share
this justifiable frustration and anger
with me and with all of us here thank
you for having the courage to stand here
and thank you for listening to my answer
on a couple of elements you brought up
first of all why are we still fighting
against certain veterans groups in court
because they are asking for more than we
are able to give right now remember when
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said that
to an injured war veteran at a town hall
in Edmonton all of a sudden Trudeau and
the Liberals were a bunch of fiscal
conservatives when it came to giving
Canada's war heroes the respect and
compensation they rightly deserve the
Prime Minister still remains committed
to fighting our veterans in court over
their pensions but for Trudeau himself
oh no expense can be spared and we're on
the hook for every last penny of it the
Prime Minister's summer getaway
Harrington Lake is about 30 minutes
northwest of Parliament Hill and it's
been getting some very very expensive
and frankly opulent improvements done to
it and don't get me wrong some of these
upgrades yeah they're necessary they're
overdue there was the result of the
general upkeep on a residence that the
government has owned for the prime
minister since 1951 I'm fine with
maintaining the property and maintaining
the value of the property but some of
these costs are insane let's go through
some of the more ridiculous ones
together shall we the Prime Minister
initially demanded a sauna for himself
to be surrounded by a brand new deck for
a cost of $65,000 thankfully that idea
was scrapped in the Prime Minister
bought himself a sauna which he will
probably take with him when he goes but
he did charge nearly 4,500 dollars to
the taxpayer to provide electrical
service to the sauna in some instances
you can rewire a whole house for that
much besides why does this
environmentalist Prime
mr. have one of these energy sucker
saunas in the first place why doesn't he
just save the planet and have a hot bath
half full once in a while then the
taxpayer paid three thousand dollars for
three patio umbrellas for His Royal
Highness Justin look I don't want the
Prime Minister sitting under a Coors
Light garage-sale patio umbrella either
but a thousand bucks apiece we can pay
someone to stand over Justin Trudeau
with an umbrella for the few days a year
that he's actually at the residents for
under a thousand bucks I'm sure and then
there's the nickel and diming stuff that
really annoys me as a parent because I
pay for all my child's own recreational
things and Justin Trudeau took away my
tax credit for it Harrington Lake is a
lake property that's fine have a boat
there have a boat dock keep them
upgraded sure and boy though did they
ever the National Capital Commission
replaced a deck and a floating dock for
$12,000 each but then the Trudeau's had
the state buy them a new canoe two
kayaks and two paddle boards they're
millionaires buy your own damn paddle
boards but here's the one though that
really bothers me the taxpayers paid
$7,500 to install what is described as a
swing set at Harrington Lake for the
Trudeau kids is this thing made of gold
because I looked at some really amazing
sets at Lowe's and Walmart for around
1,900 bucks I just have you know like
normal peasant kids though what kind of
atrocious labor costs were associated in
installing this swing set did they have
to apply that gender based analysis Plus
thing that Catherine McKenna insists now
has to be applied to every government
project from here on out not that I even
know what that entails and I actually
don't think the government knows either
and I'd like to know if the Trudeau's
had to hire 50 percent female carpenters
from some slow-moving public sector
Union to get this magnificent swing set
built I have so many questions about
this swing set so many that I actually
fired off an email to the PMO wanting to
know all about it the costs the instalay
environmental assessments the works and
maybe even get a picture of this thing
as they get back to me I promise you I
will let you know normal middle-class
families save and work hard to buy their
families one of those Walmart or Lowe's
or Costco or Home Depot Spang sets but
they have to buy the Trudeau kids an
even nicer one while their rich parents
keep their wallets locked up nice and
tight the snow removal budget
skyrocketed at Herrington by $17,000 to
a grand total of forty five thousand
dollars per winter why because the
Trudeau's needed to have the taxpayer
paid to groom cross-country ski trails
for them and to clear the snow from the
area around their brand-new outdoor
firepit also courtesy of the middle
class these costs just show how selfish
the Prime Minister is and how he thinks
it's the responsibility of the taxpayers
to spoil him and his family these people
don't have a frugal bone in their bodies
the Trudeau's are living high on the hog
while telling the rest of us to make
better choices and to do more with less
because we're a generous nation or
something the Trudeau is our actual
millionaires and Trudeau makes three
hundred and forty five thousand dollars
per year as the PM I don't think it's
unreasonable to ask actual millionaires
who make that much money
to take care of their own kids and their
own recreation costs and please can all
the lefties watching at home right now
just spare me the excuse that Trudeau
has a young family and so it's suddenly
necessary to have a $7,500 play set
Prime Minister Harper had a young family
too when he took office but he didn't
try to ring every luxury he could out of
the rest of us when Trudeau took office
he immediately started spending money on
himself and his family with lavish
upgrades to the primary residence 24
Sussex and while he and his family
reside in Rideau cottage he actually has
the domestic staff from 24 Sussex act
like uber eats his family gets their
meals prepared at 24 Sussex and then
delivered to the Rideau cottage it's
unreal and that's in between the
questionable trips to billionaire
islands and multiple days off in the
middle
an escalating trade war with the
Americans and how do you conservatives
deal with government spending when they
finally get into office well here is TV
ojos Steve Paikin tweeting this morning
about the news from newly elected
premier Doug Ford's office this is what
Paikin said the order has gone out to
all deputy ministers at Queen's Park
hiring freezes on cancel all paper based
newspaper magazine subscriptions new
restrictions on out of province travel
no food at taxpayers expense approved
for in-house meetings looks to me like
there's an immediate crackdown on
wasteful spending in the Ontario
legislature now that there's a new
conservative sheriff in town but you
know what I actually do have some blame
in all of this for Prime Minister
Stephen Harper if Harper had made these
upgrades to that residents himself these
upgrades would have been done with the
frugal eye of a sweater wearing tight
fisted accountant styled dad instead
they're being done through the lens of a
party boy who fancies himself to be some
sort of prince with exactly the same
level of fiscal restraint you'd expect
from someone like that so I guess we add
these renovations to the list of things
I simply wish Harper had done from
parting out the CBC like an old junker
car to stacking the Senate with good
conservatives this retreat Renault was a
job best done by people with an
endearing respect for taxpayers and not
someone who simply parrots some line
about the middle class and those working
hard to join it while making the
middle-class pay for a swingset
for his kids that cost more than an
entire elementary school playground for
the rebel media I'm Sheila Gunn read did
you know that I have a brand new book
out about David Suzuki it's called the
case against David Suzuki an
unauthorized biography and it will
always be free to you at Suzuki book.com
but if you want to help me stay at the
top of the Amazon charts you can buy a
copy there it's only two dollars and
fifty seven cents for a digital download
of my book the
case against David Suzuki an
unauthorized biography
