8ball men have been arrested for the
historic rape and grooming of young
girls in Oxford eight bald men all with
names like John Smith of course have
been arrested convicted trial and now
sentenced to 90 years collectively in
prison for the historic rape and
grooming of young girls mostly teenagers
from as young as 13 in Oxford the Metro
reported eight men who abused girls in a
vehicle they called the shag wagon have
been jailed for a combined total of 90
years the gang operated in Oxford where
they would invite girls as young as 13
to parties where they would give them
alcohol and drugs victims told the trial
that they will be picked up in a black
Nissan Serena people carrier where they
were raped one of them told the court
they would pick the girl's up have sex
with them and dump them everything
happened in that sarena
another victim said they made you
believe they actually care about you and
they actually don't and this by the way
is why I don't buy that argument that we
should just call this rape and not
grooming I get it I get it people think
grooming sounds nice but actually it's
not it's not this is a systematic method
of breaking young girls down this is a
psychological attack and it's an attempt
to ruin their lives and it's not just
physical sex it's not just physical rape
it's grooming they getting these young
girls heads from an early age and as
this victim said here make them feel
like they actually care about them it's
grooming and that's why it's important
that we call these things grooming gangs
it destroys a person's soul yeah it's
and it's such a wicked wicked terrible
crime that every time I see every time I
see that a new gang has been sent down
to go to prison no part of me feels a
sense of relief but another part of me
thinks first off why was this happening
in them in the first place and secondly
where else is this going on right now
you know there's people that contacted
me during election campaigns and through
other political activity telling me
stories of what's gone on in areas
across the UK specific
in a part of Yorkshire that I've got
connection to and I don't know what to
do with this information
told police nothing's done about it I
know this is happening all over the
country and you wait you at home may
well know people who this is being done
to or has been done to in recent history
but nothing's ever going to happen
because the police are so terrified that
they said getting out now only do they
not want to be calls called races but if
this gets out that this is a bigger
scandal than this then it will create
some serious unrest I think then what
this happens the more unrest there's
going to be and you know what I don't
blame people for getting angry I don't
blame people for getting angry because
when I read this report from the Metro I
felt sick to read this ok it says Rahim
armed' 40 was given just 12 years after
two counts of indecent assault and one
false imprisonment two counts of
indecent assault and he falsely
imprisoned a young girl and he's got 12
years in prison and that's that another
one Khalid Hussain 38 years old jailed
for 12 years for indecent assault and
rape
12 years and camere Iqbal 29 jailed for
12 years for 3 counts of rape ok c'mere
Iqbal is 29 he'll be 41 by the time he
gets out after his 12 year sentence
committee Bhau got to live 30 years of
his job his youth he lived for 30 years
without being in prison he got to rape
as many kids as he wanted and then he
just has to wait until he's 41 again and
then he can be back out in the public am
I to believe that these people being
sent down for 12 years for raping
children are going to be safe in 12
years to live out in the public am I to
believe that they're going to go into
prison
be reformed and realized that all no
raping children is wrong and they're
gonna come out in the street and be real
great examples for the Muslim community
they're going to go and do bake sales at
the local mosque give me a break 12
years my right ass cheek is that a good
sentence my right ass cheek is that
appropriate or suitable for these evil
wicked men I'm sorry but in my eyes if
you ruin a life and you do that by
grooming them by mentally grooming
children and raping them if you ruin her
life your life is ruined as well
whether that means hanging them up by
the neck or leaving them to rot in
prison for the rest of their life either
is fine with me but twelve years this
consecutive 90 years for this gang of
eight men is a joke if you want to see
more from me and the rest of the rebel
team be sure to download the brand-new
app from the Google Play Store and the
Apple App Store
you
