Chikara new statistics show that asylum
seekers over the last four years have
killed or injured more than a thousand
people across Europe
the Heritage Foundation which is a
Republican or at least conservative
libertarian think tank in Washington DC
has found that over the last four years
32 Islamic terror plots have been
connected to people who claim to be
asylum seekers now that's about 16% of
all terror attacks now this shows us
there are two problems this is true
across Europe and particularly true
across the UK now first off it shows
that Islamic state fighters are claiming
to be fleeing war and prosecution and
they're entering Europe as refugees and
asylum seekers and this isn't the
migrant crisis we're told about the
migrant crisis were told about is
innocent young people and innocent
mothers and innocent families etc
fleeing Civil War we simply know that
this is no longer the case and I
reported on this story a few months ago
actually we know that Isis is now
plotting to flood Europe with fighters
because Isis is being crippled in the
Middle East and partly because of the
strength of Donald Trump's
administration these armed forces
policies but you know the media all over
has had to admit the fact that actually
Isis is now I mean always publicly
admitting that they're going to start
flooding Europe and The Guardian
reported on this saying Islamic state
commanders fleeing Syria are conspiring
with extremist groups in Africa to
ferment and infiltrate a new migration
wave destined for Europe the head of the
UN World Food Programme has said David
Beasley a former Republican governor of
South Carolina said Europe needed to
wake up to the extremist strategy in the
Sahel region those forced out of Syria
were uniting with local terrorist groups
to use a lack of food as both a
recruitment tool and a vehicle to push
millions of Africans towards Europe
Yousef so while this is a significant
threat and something we should be
concerned about and certainly something
that should result in a change of policy
for national governments across Europe I
mean when you when you see a number like
that surely the government has to stop
and think maybe we're doing something
wrong here but as well as that being a
serious threat we've also good with
noise that actually the 16 percent
figure is one thing but the fact is most
of these people committing these
terrorist atrocities across Europe are
from Europe
which they were born there or live there
this is a domestic terror threat for the
nations of Europe but should really be
considered these fighters are already in
Europe they're already pouring their way
in but they've been here for a very long
time in it we know in the UK this
between what twenty three twenty five
thousand potential terror threats on our
streets right now this isn't some
dystopian prediction of the future this
is the right here the right now
potential terror threats and we're going
out buying the halal sausages from Tesco
right now walking past your kids schools
right now this is happening right here
and it's a domestic terror threat and
interestingly between the years
2015-2016 7631 people were referred to
the prevent program prevents a
government initiative that tries to stop
young people or people generally from
being being radicalized into some kind
of extremism it deals with all kinds of
extremism but interestingly of those
7631 Islamic extremists made up 65
percent 65 of people percent of people
refer to the government's counter
extremism program were Muslim is that
not telling you no but it most
interestingly actually is that most of
those people were under the age of 30
because what we're seeing in Europe and
even in the UK specifically is that with
every new generation the radicals
increase so even 10 years ago we saw
this so ten years ago studies found that
40% of Muslims between the ages 16 and
24 wanted to live in a Sharia governed
Britain but that figure was only 17% for
people over 55 now I say only obviously
17% of people wanting to live in a
Sharia control Britain from a small
community is a problem but 17% of over
fifty five components of 40% of 16 to 24
shows that the newer generations are
more radical and that's a threat at that
same year it was found that 36 percent
of 16 to 24 year-olds believe if a
Muslim converts to another religion they
should be punished by death but that
figure was 19 percent for over 55 so
this is a two-pronged attack and it's
something
we've got to acknowledge is something
the government's have to acknowledge the
the data from the Heritage Foundation in
Washington DC shows us there's a
significant problem with asylum seekers
but I think the subtext here the real
story here is the fact that most of
these people come from Europe already
the news from the Heritage Foundation is
16% of all terrorist atrocities
committed in the last four years across
Europe were connected to quotient where
asylum seekers speaks volumes to me you
know when we have a government in the UK
that allows domestic terrorists to go
basically unchallenged to live
underground to commit terrorist ease and
then to not be blamed for afterwards and
we also have a government that's
importing terrorists in the form of
asylum seekers from all over the world I
have to question the intentions of my
own government I have to question their
own sanity the Daily Mail reported
terror expert Robinson Cox of the
Heritage Foundation think tank in
Washington DC said it was disturbingly
simple but she had is to hide among
genuine refugees because the continents
borders were under huge strain and yet
not only is our government welcoming
these people in they're trying to
distract us by talking about the threat
of rightway terrorism believe it or not
well the figures show that actually it's
not the problem that government is
telling as it is the facts show that
prevent the government organization that
stops extremism between 2016 and 2017
took in 61 percent Islamic terrorists or
potential terrorists but 16 percent were
connected to right-wing extremism or
terrorism the numbers show the facts we
know the government's lying to us and
these figures from the Heritage
Foundation show us but it's not just
asylum seekers that are dangerous
we are growing terrorists within Europe
who are going out there and killing us
if you like that and want to see more
remember to like and subscribe and
download the new rebel app from the
Apple App Store and the Google Play
Store
you
