hey check out the old emoji for a salad
and now check out the new salad emoji so
can you possibly guess why the egg is
now ingredient to non grata well I'll
explain all even though you're probably
not going to believe it
okay then welcome to this week's edition
of what's triggering the social justice
warriors and the current trigger would
be an ingredient in the salad emoji yeah
you see until this month that oh so
healthy salad illustration featured an
egg oh oh an egg you say but but what
about the vegans they don't need eggs
you see and what most of us see is a
prime ingredient for a Denny's
lumberjack slam makes for a vegan
trigger for those folks so it is that
the gatekeepers of emojis have
eradicated the egg from the salad making
an already boring menu item all the more
boring
Jennifer Daniel who was employed at
Google as a user experience manager
whatever the hell that means
announced the change on Twitter recently
Daniel tweeted that there's being quote
big talk about inclusion and diversity
at Google end quote and she cited the
redesigned emoji as proof in the pudding
which is a metaphor I really shouldn't
have used given all the egg yolks that
are needed for pudding
but how odd that Daniel talks about
inclusion by embracing exclusion after
all according to the vegetarian Times
only 0.5 percent of Americans are vegans
meaning that 99.5 percent of Americans
have no issue with eggs in fact even
when it comes to the vegan population
how many of those carrot Crusaders would
seriously be offended by an illustration
that included an egg I mean they can't
all be nuts are vegans allowed to eat
nuts by the way then again it seems to
me that veganism and radicalism go
together like ham and cheese up dammit I
did it again
case in point back in April we covered
the vegan protests of Toronto's antler
restaurant you see antler has the
temerity to serve meat so naturally the
vegans want to put this place out of
business I can tell you many a Mensa
Club member was met outside antler that
evening
but the one who took the cake ah cake
again with the eggs was the vegan
version of Little Red Riding Hood
check out her comments we were designed
to eat plants humans were designed to
eat plants not omnivorous by nature and
absolutely not because we don't first of
all I don't see you have sharp teeth
like all the animals who eat meat right
if you are where a meat-eater you would
chase the squirrel without any tools and
just using your bare hands and your
teeth you would eat it good golly where
does one even begin for sardars humans
are most definitely neveress in fact we
have four canine teeth which are
especially adroit at tearing meat but
biology aside I would not be chasing a
squirrel in order to make it a meal
under any circumstance you see the
amount of energy needed to run after our
rodent would make such an endeavor a
fool's errand given there's almost a 100
percent probability that the squirrel
would evade my grasping hands and even
if I caught the damn thing there's
precious little meat on a squirrel
all of which is to say this is why yours
truly would be going after slower and
bigger game or I'd simply choose to eat
at the fabulous antler restaurant
assuming I could get a reservation there
which these days is almost as hard as
catching a squirrel thanks to the hog
town meat-eating community giving the
vegan community the middle finger but
back to that emoji redo if anything we
now know that a critical mass of 0.5% of
the population makes for enough of a
lunatic tail to wag the collective dog
at least according to the tall foreheads
at Google but thank goodness those
social media folks aren't making really
important decisions regarding oh I don't
know
freedom of speech issues strike that
from the record I think I was having a
vegan moment there must be the lack of
vitamin b12 for the rebel dot media I'm
David the man Zoid Menzies
hey folks the Breville has a brand new
app please download that app and take
the rubble with you wherever you go
you
