Barack Obama was a liberalist liberal
globalist elitist a citizen of the world
who did not put American priorities
first he didn't he did not think the
most important thing to do was protect
American interests he instead embraced
this kind of transnational leftism and
that was his priority so what he does or
what he did would you know if he had
been in Trump's place would have
supported that man like in Iran he would
have given away the store
I don't think Trump's gonna do that
Trump is definitely American first he
just came from the g7 summit where he
told a bunch of foreigners hey guys I'm
here for American not you you protect
your interests I'm gonna protect my
country's interests no we'll all be
happy how about we all drop the tariffs
we have no tariffs no you don't like
that okay well we're not we're not
playing that you get terrorists up here
and we have terrorists stay on here game
it's all gonna be equal so you choose
where it's equal none high whatever it's
up to you guys but I'm looking out for
American that's what Donald Trump does
so going into this thing we can be
confident that Donald Trump is going to
look out for American interests we
couldn't be confident confident thinking
that Obama would see so yes if Obama
went and had this same meeting with with
Kimmel what's his name
I would have totally been outraged you
are absolutely correct liberals you are
right and Donald Trump does the same
thing and unconsciously I wouldn't say
optimistic I'm just kind of cautious
yeah is that hypocrisy no it's a
recognition that Donald Trump and Barack
Obama are very different people coming
from very different places or very
different interests look we're not going
to know how this turns out for months
this isn't the beginning to the end I
don't even think it's the end at the
beginning but it may be a way maybe oh
pray to have a peaceful resolution for a
conflict
that would kill hundreds of thousands of
people including tens of thousands of
American if Donald Trump pulls this off
tens of thousands of American families
will not have to bury a son or daughter
and I think that's worth a shot
and if it means putting our flag up next
to their rag and if it means flattering
that you know bulbous rocket man that's
okay because I would rather take a
chance that that works then risk or risk
the certainty of tens of thousands of
Americans deaths may come to that anyway
may have to be that anyway but I think
it's incumbent on the President to do
everything he can to reasonably try and
avoid it and that's what he's doing
you
