Robert Muller still playing fast and
loose with evidence and at least one of
the judges in these cases is not having
it Muller is really playing games and
this guy won't stop of course I'm
talking about Robert Muller the special
counsel now Muller is playing games that
I've frankly never seen I always tell
you I've been in affiliated with or
covering on air law enforcement issues
intelligence issues for 25 years now
we're doing it when I was like literally
early 20s I joined the NYPD in my last
year of college I was going to school at
night but I've been doing this my entire
adult life in some fashion and I've
never I've never seen I have never seen
anything this bad so now a story from
the hill judge rules Muller must
identify unnamed individuals in Man
afford indictment you have a
constitutional right to face your
accuser it's one of the most fundamental
rights one of the most basic rights one
of our oldest rights a constitutional
right to face your accuser let me read
you this how troubling this is another
he's going on when Muller wants to
Muller is actually asking the court in
another case we're gonna talk about in
just a bit
who let him withhold evidence from those
individuals charge it's unheard of
withholding exculpatory evidence it's
saying I'm gonna I'm gonna hold
everything back that might help you and
then you need to go and mount the
defense without any of the evidence
we've collected that you're entitled to
according to the federal rules of
Criminal Procedure it's bizarre so
here's here's the first story a federal
judge ruled Tuesday that special counsel
robert muller must identify the unnamed
individual in his recent superseding
indictment of former Trump campaign
chairman Paul Manafort now you remember
that there was a superseding indictment
and I did man afford again so it was the
superseding indictment it's a new
indictment that's a catch-all that in
addition to all the financial crimes
Muller had previously been indicted on
he was now being that indicted on
witness tampering is a couple of
meaningless phone calls maybe he meant
to do it maybe he didn't
I don't think and people like Andrew
McCarthy legal Giants didn't think that
there was anywhere near enough evidence
to charge him again
now a Muller indicted it was like last
week more indicted amount afford and a
guy named Constantine how do I pray
Hillman Hill M Nick and it was uh they
were indicted on charges related
lobbying work in the Ukraine you know
that store
however the new new issue here is me
read it to you judge Amy Berkman Jackson
he ordered Muller turn over the names of
several individuals and organizations
including European politician and other
Manafort contacts to mana forts attorney
according to court documents by Politico
The New York Times reported last week
the two veteran journalists old Muller
that mana fort attempted to contact them
excuse me and try to shape their
testimony
three time sources identified the
journalist as Alan Friedman a cart
failure Muller's indictment did not name
the witnesses at mana fort and limnic
allegedly contact the judge her ruling
is coming in response to a motion from
mana forts team seeking more information
on the superseding indictment now the
judge ruled that quote this is a pretty
standard stuff
the defendant is obliged to prepare for
a complex trial with a voluminous record
within a relatively short period of time
and he should not have to be surprised
at a later point by the addition of a
new name or an allegation and that is
just a legal easy way of the judge
saying the mauler you've got to be
kidding me
this is the most basic principle of
discovery in a criminal proceeding you
can't tell somebody a defendant you're
charged with these new crimes but we're
not going to tell you how we got that
information we're not gonna let your
lawyers do their job
cross-examine those witnesses to pose
those witnesses we're not gonna let your
private investigators look into this
we're not gonna give your client a
chance to mount the defense by saying I
never spoke to that person or yes I
spoke to that person but with that
person didn't tell Muller's team is that
there were these 15 other people in the
room for the entire conversation and
those 15 people will swear under oath
that I never said to that person what
they alleged I said that's standard
defense Muller is now in my opinion
clearly clearly trying to hide something
he has a very flimsy case against many
people and this I'd never I've never
watched a prosecutor play this fast and
loose with exculpatory evidence when you
combine the fact that Muller has a
history a long history of being
admonished by judges for playing fast
and loose with Excalibur Tauri evidence
as does is number two Andrew Weissman
this becomes all the more troubling all
the more problematic
so the second
from Dan Abrams blog lawn crime and this
is not a conservative outlet this is not
a pro Trump outlet this is even worse
Muller is trying to hide evidence from
defendants in the Russian trolls trial
now let me read you this special counsel
Robert Muller and his deputy rush Atkins
filed a 14-page motion they submitted
that motion yesterday Tuesday and this
is the best arguing that the government
ie Muller didn't have to release certain
evidence for the indicted Russian
company Concorde management and
consulting LLC due to ongoing quote
interference operations against the
United States in other words I'm gonna
indict you I'm going to charge you but
because I'm gonna concoct a Russian
bogeyman to say they're interfering in
elections I don't want to have to give
you any exculpatory evidence for your
defense
it is a ludicrous assertion it's like
the government going after somebody for
organized crime in dining a mobster and
then saying to the mobsters legal team
we indicted your client but because
their criminal enterprise is still
operating your client unlike every other
client is not entitled to exculpate or
evidence it's not how the system works
it's it's you you have to give the
defense the exculpatory evidence no
matter what else you think they're doing
if you think they're doing those other
things then go charge them on those
other things but you can't withhold
evidence on speculation
in them in their motion Muller's team
requested a protective order to number
one keep other co-defendants named in
the February 16th indictment from
accessing the government's evidence
against them it's bizarre and it is
exactly what Judge Amy Berkman Jackson
told Muller in a different case against
mana Ford he could not do and number two
to keep additional evidence under the
control of government attorneys and away
from Concord management itself so Muller
wants again who withhold all exculpatory
evidence from the main defendant as well
as from the co-defendants he only wants
the prosecution to be able to mount the
case a very important story because it
cuts to the heart of the rule of law and
things Muller is doing making me very
very uncomfortable making many Americans
many people around the world very
uncomfortable want to keep covering it
helped me do that by subscribing to our
premium service at wwww forward slash
goes go to the App Store download the
rebel app as always thanks so much for
watching I'll see you tomorrow
