white privilege is white burden the
reality of white privilege is that it is
white burden in fact it's a Western
burden Western civilization's have risen
and fallen and it is our duty to live up
to our ancestors it is our burden to
honor the sacrifices and great works of
philosophers like Roger Bacon and Plato
signed his like Isaac Newton great
painters and thinkers like Leonardo da
Vinci writers like Shakespeare and
mathematicians like Archimedes we owe
everything we have to those who came
before us they did incredible things
bring light into darkness bringing the
masses from antiquity into the modern
world and it is our burden as with
generations before us to live up to that
Paracelsus brought us medical
revolutions during the Renaissance
Charles Babbage brought us the automatic
mechanical calculator in the early 1800s
William King Don discovered the
connection between matter space and
energy in 1876 Western innovation has
been relentless and brought us not just
great scientific and medical advances
for great art political systems and
technology we must not merely preserve
it but build upon it in the West we
stand on the shoulders of great people
and we do not have the privilege to just
stand by and let the left destroy our
history today we are shamed into tearing
down our own monuments and told it's the
progressive and righteous thing to do
we're told that the feelings of a vocal
hysterical political minority are more
important than our own identity take for
example the robert e lee's statue in
baltimore which was torn down and
replaced with Lady Liberty of black
power our history is our history and
revisionism is more frightful than even
the violence from the mob who insists
the monuments be torn down put aside the
historical context of the statue and
what it represents and ask yourself if
the ideologues
on the Left have anything of quality or
craft to replace it with clearly they do
not consider this a metaphor for the
left's total lack of foresight once
they're done destroying
they have no idea what to put in its
place once they destroy Western culture
they have nothing to replace it with as
above so below
it is a micro macro metaphor for the
threat civilization is facing they are
the Goths at the gates of Rome and we do
not have the privilege to let them tread
any further if we do they will leave us
with no future no culture no art and
history as we know it will cease to be
there are telling signs and art and myth
that were left for us by our ancestors
which outline the meaning of tearing
down of statues and destruction of
historical artifacts there are poems
about the fall of great civilizations
and torn down statues and in modern
times we have films like Planet of the
Apes and Blade Runner
20:49 which depict these same things the
destruction of great civilizations
starting with the rejection of history
culture and art our universities are
obeying the demands of the far-left
ideologues as well with Western Civ no
longer a requirement in colleges and
universities including the most
prestigious schools in America our
culture is being strategically dissected
this isn't a bullish attack on our
society
it's a well-planned strategic
deconstruction of the foundations of our
society and we must resist it I will
leave you with Percy Shelley's poem
Ozymandias I met a traveller from an
antique land who said two vast and
trunkless legs of stone stand in the
desert near them on the sand half sunk a
shattered visage lies whose frown and
wrinkled lip and sneer of cold command
tell that it's sculptor well whose
passions read which yet survive stamped
on these lifeless things the hand that
mocked them and the heart that fed and
on the pedestal these words appear my
name is Ozymandias king of kings look on
my works ye mighty and despair
nothing beside remains round the decay
of that colossal wreck boundless and
bare the lone and level sands stretch
far away
if you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team like and
subscribe
you
