you know usually when progressives are
called out for hating White's they say
oh no we just hate white supremacy when
they're called anti-semitic they say
don't be silly we just hate Israel and
when it comes to man hating they say we
don't hate individual men just the
patriarchy well except this professor
take a look meet Suzanne and Anita
Walters a sociology professor at
Northeastern University she studies
gender feminist theory all the stuff
you'd expect and has written a book
called the tolerance trap how God jeans
and good intentions are sabotaging gay
equality but it doesn't look like
tolerance has been much of a trap for
Suzanna who apparently convinced the
Washington Post to publish an op-ed
entitled why can't we hate men can you
imagine this column being written about
any other non privileged group and don't
get your hopes up thinking that maybe
the headline means she's gonna answer
why it's not okay to hate men oh no
Suzanna seems to have exhausted her own
logic and morality and is asking you the
question she writes men if you really
are hashtag with us and would like us to
not hate you for all the millennia of
woe you have produced and benefited from
start with this lean out so we can
actually just stand up without being
beaten down pledge to vote for feminist
woman only so the woman only part aside
for a second something tells me she
doesn't mean second wave feminists here
something tells me she wants more of the
third wave feminists who are very eager
to mandate equality of outcome and high
paying and fun jobs but when it comes to
plumbing coal mining garbage collecting
it's perfectly fine for men to dominate
don't run for office don't be in charge
of anything step away from the power we
got this and please know that your
crocodile tears won't be wiped away by
us any more we have every right to hate
you you have done us wrong hashtag
because patriarchy it is long past time
to play hard for Team feminism and win
oh yeah that's definitely winning if
winning is the subjugation of half
the population to pay for the perceived
crimes of their ancestors
tell me Susana have you paid your
reparations for slavery yet of course
the professor cites hard evidence like
the wage gap conveniently skipping over
the fact that as christina hoff sommers
puts it the gap doesn't account for
differences in occupations positions
education job tenure or hours worked per
week she also mentions an education gap
but seems to have missed the point a
little over a decade ago when the
percentage of women in the US and Canada
with college degrees passed that of men
of course
what do pesky facts matter when you have
an agenda to push for campus unmasked
I'm Rob from Jacques if you like this
video and support our mission please
make sure to comment and subscribe if
something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
