a CBC star and trudeau groupie just got
a cushy diplomatic appointment from
perennial foreign affairs failure
Christie Freeland and this looks to me a
lot like little cronyism on the Prairie
after her absolute ax murdering of
Canada's relationship with the United
States by appearing on panels that refer
to president Donald Trump as a tyrant
and then mangling our NAFTA
renegotiations with her constant
feminist virtue signaling Foreign
Affairs Minister Krista Freeland has a
big plan to fix the mess she's made with
our friends the Americans more diplomats
extra points for extreme partisanship to
look at this foreign affairs
press release here Canada strengthens
its diplomatic presence in the United
States the Honorable Christopher Eiland
Minister of Foreign Affairs today
announced that the Government of Canada
is enhancing its diplomatic outreach to
the United States with the appointment
of two new consoles general now one name
here really stuck out for me
Sahib Shaikh becomes the Consul General
of Canada in Los Angeles mr. Shaikh
replaces James Villeneuve now Shaikh is
the star in sentence the CBC I'm using
that word very loosely of CBC's little
mosque on the Prairie he's done a bunch
of other shows for sure but I think
that's the show Canadians most
recognized him from because the unfunny
sitcom was crammed down our throats by
the state broadcaster for like the
better half of a decade again this is
from that Foreign Affairs press release
these diplomats will be part of a
network of consuls general with offices
in Atlanta Boston Chicago Dallas Denver
Miami Minneapolis New York City San
Francisco and Seattle together with
trade offices in Houston palo alto and
san diego the consuls general work with
provinces the business community labor
indigenous peoples and others too
represent and defend Canadian goals and
interests the new consoles general will
play pivotal roles in promoting Canada's
interest to our American neighbors and
bolstering Canada's presence and profile
in key centers in the United States the
new consul general Sheikh is supposed to
work with the indigenous peoples of Los
Angeles which as you know are the mighty
tribes of the kardashians the low hands
and the Weinsteins they roam Los Angeles
on their traditional territory of the
902 enou zip code hunting their
respective prey now when I said off the
top that this looks like little cronyism
on the Prairie
that's because shake is absolutely a
full-on partisan liberal and Trudeau
looks like he's using high-paying
diplomatic posts in fancy places to
reward his most loyal liberal friends
let's read a little from this McLean's
article about little mosque on the
Prairie stars ie baked-on why he
supports his friend Justin Trudeau
questioned how did you meet Justin
Trudeau answer I was representing the
Canadian media fund in Ottawa at an
industry event we both bump into each
other and just when I was about to say
I'm a fan of yours he said I'm a fan of
yours and I said well that's funny
I'm a fan of yours and my family are
fans of your family we became friends
I've always said whenever you need me
I'll be there to support you because we
need someone like you this is beta male
dude growing in its natural environment
gives me the heebie-jeebies anyways
let's continue so you know exactly what
we're dealing with here now shake was
working to get failing media companies
some more government handouts and that's
how he met and befriended Trudeau
question what is it about him that you
think Canada needs answer it's his
passion for the country it's his passion
for the political process it's his work
ethic he cares deeply in a world that
can be apathetic and cynical he's a
breath
of fresh air this is making me cynical
work ethic the work ethic mr. vacation
and/or personal days has Moki dokie if
Shaykh thinks what trudeau does is hard
work and working hard then I'm really
worried about the quality and quantity
of the work we're about to get from the
brand-new Consul General to Los Angeles
that's for darn sure
can you just indulge me one more little
bit from this crazy Maclean's interview
it's Friday you guys and I like to live
dangerously okay here we go
question some critics would say Justin
Trudeau has almost a surfeit of glamour
and charisma about him you work in an
industry where those are valuable
commodities any thoughts on that
who would a question answer if anyone
thinks the word charisma has any
negative connotations that to me would
be disappointing Mahatma Gandhi had
amazing charisma Mandela Bishop tutu
Muhammad Ali have it Barack Obama has
amazing charisma John F Kennedy had it
Pierre Trudeau had charisma charisma is
something we need in a leader I think
the world is waiting for Canada to start
getting some of that charisma we used to
have I'm looking forward to us getting
it back Justin's the right guy to kick
started charisma brought in with a good
work ethic a sound Sensibility a sense
of realism humility is also part of
charisma barf
oh yeah Trudeau is right up there with
Mahatma Gandhi what are we talking about
here let me show you a quick video about
what that signature Trudeau humility
really looks like in practice here
I was put on this planet to do this
a fight that I win
you white from the good place
looking back now a DEP McLean's piece
with Sheikh from six years ago and reads
a lot like a cover letter from Sheikh to
a prospective boss and I guess that's
how it turned out in the end for the
rebel media I'm Shiela gunnery what you
just saw there is the daily video that I
do here at the rebel but did you know
that I have my own weekly full-length
show it's aptly called the gun show and
we talk about issues facing Canadian
families in ways the mainstream media
never would but to get access to my show
and the rest of our incredible premium
content you should treat yourself to a
rebel subscription today
