the British public aren't the only
people who were tired of tourism a doll
Trump thinks she's too PC and he's tired
of her school mistress tone
The Telegraph reports today that
President Trump and Theresa May will not
be holding talks at the g7 summit in
Canada now if you don't know the g7
stands for the group of seven is the
seven largest economies in the world
which are Canada France Germany Italy
Japan UK and USA so is a big meeting is
important these are the biggest
economies in the world and with brexit
allegedly underway you'd think it'd be a
great opportunity for tourism a and
Donald Trump to talk about trade but it
looks like President Trump isn't
interested in you know what I don't
blame them the news that they won't hold
a meeting comes as a senior US diplomat
told newspapers that Trump has expressed
annoyance and missus Mays frequent
demands and so it turns out that every
time we're on the phone missus Mays on
the phone talking politics in detail and
making demands whereas Trump kinda wants
to foster some kind of relationship
there and maybe talk about what America
gets in return but Tereza mate doesn't
seem to be interested in that The
Telegraph reports Donald Trump has grown
frustrated with Teresa may school
mistress tone allies of the president
have told The Telegraph
as it emerged the pair will not hold
formal talks at the g7 summit in Canada
the US president is said to bristle at
the prime minister's approach during
phone calls with mrs. work may quit to
get into policy details rather than
wider conversation one senior US
diplomat said mr. Trump had expressed
annoyance and mrs. Mays frequent demands
which are seen as taking advantage of
the UK u.s. relationship and the article
went on it said another longtime friend
of the president revealed that he had
privately complained of how mrs. May
calls him out in public when he's deemed
to have stepped out of line a third
figure a former White House official who
attended meetings between the pair
confirmed the frosty relationship quote
no offense but she's basically a school
mistress I'm not sure anyone gets on
well with her well isn't that great to
hear as a British citizen that nobody
gets on with your Prime Minister and I
can't say it surprises me Teresa made
doesn't seem to have that charisma
that's needed to get on with people like
Trump and get on with other world
leaders and I do feel bad for her I do
what ideally I really
well like her she looks cool she's on
woman like a sty a strong woman in
leadership another Maggie Thatcher canna
type it's just not happened as it I want
to like her but I just can't and there's
loads of reasons why particularly on the
religion of peace and particularly on
freedom of speech I can't support to
reason may but I want her to succeed
with brexit but if she can't get on with
Trump and she can't get on with other
world leaders to make trade deals then
it's not looking good is it another
report from The Washington Post on
Thursday said that Trump sees May as two
PC following her rejection of the notion
that there are no go zones in London
we've certainly come a long way since
the days of these two holding hands and
you know what I don't blame Trump for
canceling this meeting Teresa may is not
a conservative Trump technically isn't
even a conservative himself but he's
still more of a conservative than Teresa
may and I think Teresa may knows she's
messed up here he's defended Trump after
he declined the meeting and the fact
that Theresa May has warned other EU
officials to stop the quote tit for tat
reprisals against the US and she's
calling on the EU to offer a
proportionate response to Trump's steel
tariffs so I think maybe to resume
finally after this rejection maybe
Teresa may is realizing that she needs
to respect President Trump if she wants
to work with President Trump
President Trump thinks Teresa mate is
too politically correct so he's canceled
meetings with her at the g7 summit good
on you mate because you know what he's
right
when Theresa May denies that London has
no-go zones she is denying the mountains
of evidence that say otherwise she's
denying the fact that record numbers of
people are being killed in London by
gangs London is not a peaceful safe city
anymore Theresa May and no matter how PC
you want to be about it it's not going
to change that fact when Theresa May
hails the benefits of Sharia in Britain
and when she calls for the country to
come together come together in love
after terror attacks I know that
actually yes she is too PC she's too
politically correct and she is a school
mistress about it she stands there in
her kitten heels looking down at people
telling them well no you're wrong you're
Islamophobic no you're racist if you say
this I'm sorry too far and I'm so glad
to see president Trump standing up to
her and saying you know what unless
you're gonna respect me unless you're
gonna talk some sense unless you're
gonna let me talk about the benefits of
trade deal trade deals for America I'm
not gonna talk to you I'm just gonna
snuff you like Barack Obama snubbed at
Gordon Brown back in 2009 I think Trump
is right to reject offers of talks at
the g7 summit and you know what I want
to see Theresa May crawling back to
President Trump after she was realized
she's done wrong I want her to go back
to the European Union and tell them guys
if you want to work with Trump you've
got a respect him I wanted to go back to
the EU and say you're never gonna get
anywhere unless you respect the
president so Teresa may come on girl
sort it out respect the president stop
slagging him off in the media and then
maybe then president Trump will be
willing to hold talks with you at the
next summit if you like that and want to
see more remember to like and subscribe
or download the rebel up from the Google
Play Store or the Apple App Store
you
