Chris Rock thinks the Obamas are above
Hollywood what happened in the
California primaries on Tuesday and holy
moly there is a sequel for Top Gun
details on those stories coming up today
on the rebel buzz comedian and actor
Chris Rock you know him from movies like
The Longest Yard and you probably know
his voice from a lot of animated movies
like Madagascar and dr. Dolittle he's
the funny dude and I think he and I
agree on one thing recently the Obamas
should not be adding to their fortune
via lucrative contracts with Netflix we
definitely disagree on why but his
feeling is that as a former president he
thinks it's beneath the dignity of the
Obamas to be toiling over there Rotten
Tomatoes core which is interesting
because a lot of people in Hollywood
have such a disillusioned and Pho sense
of dignity and stature that a lot of
them think that they are in fact above
politics on the scale of global
importance additionally since when have
the Obamas not cared about what
Hollywood thinks of them Rotten Tomatoes
simply quantifies their standing in the
past their desperate desire to be in
with the Hollywood crowd has manifested
itself in terms of cozy celebrity
relationships and White House visits as
I said before the Obamas turn to the
White House into a presidential party
pad degrading it to the level of a
Hollywood Hills house party attended by
celebrities like Beyonce jay-z John
Legend Chrissy Teigen Tom Hanks Meryl
Streep Stevie Wonder Paul McCartney
Bruce Springsteen David Letterman and
Oprah Winfrey with a guest list like
that I mean I have to wonder if there
were gift bags if there were I hope that
they contain an eight year supply of
Kleenex for all of the tears that they
are all shedding over Trump taking over
the White House and returning it to its
former glory as a dignified respected
hub of American diplomacy and
governmental strategy now that they are
out of the White House the Obamas will
fulfill a 50 million dollar contract to
provide both scripted and documentary
style content for Netflix a deal that
was brokered by former Obama
campaign fundraiser Ted Saran goes Chris
Rock is no stranger to Netflix as
reported by Breitbart his own stand-up
special for the network paints police
officers as trigger-happy racist killers
claims Donald Trump's presidency will
end with the return of Jesus Christ and
cynically explaining why there will
never be gun control in America hint on
that last part it's because it's a basic
freedom under our Bill of Rights but hey
that storyline for Chris's stand-up
sounds pretty much like what the rest of
the Obamas Netflix content is going to
look like so prepare yourself folks
Netflix is about to get a lot more
political Tuesday in California had the
potential to be a stick of c-4 dynamite
up the backsides of both Republicans and
Democrats in the state primaries
fortunately for us and to the detriment
of the other neither party experienced a
backside explosion leading to the end of
their campaign to retain or reiative
representatives as I discussed earlier
this week California has a jungle
primary voting system meaning that the
top two candidates for primaries for
each office advance to the general
election regardless of party now in much
of the state's Republican held House
seats we have 14 currently the incumbent
representative faced a slew of Democrats
chancing a shutout for Democrats due to
a dilution and dispersion of votes I had
hoped that in those districts we could
close up shop and consider them a check
in the W column because with two
Republicans running for those seats it
wouldn't have mattered which Republican
prevailed we would have kept the seat
unfortunately the fight will continue on
until November create as much of
California's elections will resemble a
traditional ballot with one Republican
and one Democrat now the silver lining
for California GOP is having a
Republican John Cox on the ticket in
November if Republicans had failed to
advance a candidate to the general
election in November that would have
suppressed Republican turnout by 33
percent and in swing seats like district
39 48 and 49 which typically leanred but
went to Hillary Clinton in 2016
having that extra boost could be the
difference between
retaining those seats and completely
losing our hats so looking toward
November keep an eye on three metrics
Trump's approval rating the generic
ballot and the percentage of Americans
who believe the country is on the right
track
all three of those metrics are trending
upwards now that's not necessarily to
praise the president it's in terms of
the statistical impact on the general
election now despite the pre-primary
divide among Republicans supporting John
Cox who is president Trump's pick and
Republicans supporting firebrand Travis
Allen we have to coalesce around John
Cox for governor he has the ability to
appeal to moderates in a state where
Democrats have moved so far off the left
coast they are halfway to Hawaii by now
now if we can rally Republicans
independents and disenchanted /
disenfranchised Democrats we can take
the governorship something that no one
would have imagined happening a year ago
to close out our rebel buzz this week I
want to finish with a very very exciting
story if you're under 35 you probably
won't care but for those of us born in
the 80s and prior it is awesome
somehow it escaped me that there is a
Top Gun sequel in the works but there is
they started filming the end of last
month and Tron director Joseph Kosinski
will direct the blockbuster the great
thing if you didn't know or you didn't
see it I bought the original Top Gun was
that it appealed to everyone and unlike
many of today's hit movies it wasn't
inundated with profanity and nudity and
violence there was a little bit of
something for everyone the two stars Tom
Cruise and Val Kilmer were some of the
most sought-after actors of that era and
they were both heartthrob so that please
the ladies and there was a ton of action
that I think for its time was pretty
visually and technologically advanced so
that pleased the male audience and the
film has been in the works since 2005
and became public knowledge when Val
Kilmer wrote on his Facebook page that
not often you get to say yes without
reading the script I hope that's not a
jinx please let it be good please don't
let it suck anyway Kilmer also teased
upcoming flip flick when he posted a
picture on Twitter of him wearing a Top
Gun t-shirt
caption still got it just saying then
last week on Twitter Tom Cruise tweeted
a photo of himself with what looks to be
an f-18 Super Hornet in the background
for the record I took a guess at what it
was and what I thought it was initially
and had a marine friend of mine
confirmed that that's what it is so you
know I nailed it so anyway so it's
happening and my adolescent self is
absolutely squealing on the inside I
don't see many movies in the theaters as
you all know but for this I will plus
neither one of them really make a habit
of being lefty political hacks so
they've got that going on too
the film is due out next summer and the
only two people currently listed as cast
of the movie on IMDB our Tom Cruise and
Val Kilmer but really do we need anyone
else thanks so much for watching
everybody have a great weekend I'm
Amanda head for the rebel if you enjoyed
my commentary and want to hear more from
all of us here at the rebels subscribe
to our premium content at WWWE a forward
slash shows make sure you're following
us on Facebook and Twitter for all of
our latest news and download our brand
new app for the rebel on the App Store
that way you will have easy and
immediate access to all of our latest
videos and your favorite rebel shows
thanks so much for watching I'm Amanda
Hannah for the rebel
