it's on here at the rebel dot media with
Joe Warmington called miss with the
Toronto Sun thanks for having me just
here the day after the election to
discuss the supermajority that Doug Ford
won a Joe what does that supermajority
say about Ontario voters well the voters
were always going to do this it says
more about the media the media party who
right up until the end of this race
we're talking about it being close and
it might be an NDP government when
Ontario voters spit it back and they
said no it's time for this blue machine
and Ford nation dug forward in terms of
Ontario they're sick of the political
correctness they're sick of things like
sex ed curriculum they're sick of that
mom and dad are taking out a family law
they're sick of debt they're sick of the
lies they're sick of the inaction and so
you know again this government's got a
big big job to do and we'll see how they
do
but it's certainly a great opportunity
because Ontarians are expecting them to
go in and beyond normal government now
not all this deficit financing and you
know all these secret deals and the same
people that are cashing in the hydro
rates all that just regular life and I
think that that's what this is all about
and you mentioned the press there the
press has been handling Doug Ford I
would say similarly to how they handled
his late brother Rob you know during
this election we saw them going along
with the NDP lies that Doug's just
planning on firing nurses and lots of
other sorts of things what do you think
the relationship between the mainstream
media and Doug Ford will be over the
next four years I don't think it matters
I think that that's what this message is
in fact you know what there's some of us
in the mainstream media that did get it
right but most of them here didn't and
of course everything stays the same
they're still on all the panels today
they're the ones that get to explain to
Ontario what happened here when they got
it wrong and of course the rubble didn't
get it wrong and I was just out to
rubble live the other day where I gave a
speech about this very thing you invited
me in fact and and in that I said the
one key thing I think I said is there's
nothing to be afraid of what the Fords
they're good people remember I said that
well that's what Ontario believes now
that doesn't mean that we won't keep on
Doug Ford make sure that he does keep
his promises you'll notice that the
toughest question there was about this
crazy
weird sex head towards the kids
he didn't dodge the question he has
developed skills there like Mayweather
in boxing where he ties up your arms he
does a shoulder defense but he still
slips in his punch and he did that there
and you know you'll you have the clip
you'll see it he says that they're gonna
repeal the sex ed curriculum if he does
that that will be the number one message
that you know what a normal government
is back in that's great and I really
hope he does do you think that Doug Ford
can keep all the promises or do you
think he will I know he certainly has
intention to but do you think you know
doing what the federal government to
carbon tax isn't that sort of thing is
he really going to fight tooth and nail
yes he's he is the most important
politician in Canada he is the Prime
Minister Ontario runs it Alberta has a
big role in it and we'll see that with
you know Kenny next year or whenever he
gets to be premier they'll work in
tandem with this guy Moe and they'll
control this country in a way that we
haven't seen before because that's where
the economic growth is and I'll even get
Quebec on side the one thing about Doug
Ford is that you know all the criticism
you hear in the media party about him
not one of those criticisms are accurate
he's not wild he's not crazy he's not
any of that stuff he's a normal person
now he's a human being he may have
faults and all that stuff but the
reality is that they've spun it wrong
they're wrong this is a rebuke of the
media and you know you turn on the radio
every day and all you hear is liberal
talking points over and over and over
again he started to get conditioned even
if you're a conservative think gee yeah
you know what Ontario is - go to hell we
don't want to hear it anymore
and yet the same panelists are on and
the same shows are on and that's what
happens I guess when you know we'll see
what happens because I think if the
media companies really want to reflect
what people are wanting they'll look at
this election and they'll make some
adjustments I really hope so I hope when
Santa is combative as we see in our
neighbors to the south with Donald
Trump's relationship but the press more
combative it is as you can see with the
skills that Doug Ford has developed in
terms of handling the media like you
just saw in this news conference and
throughout the campaign the better for
him it'll actually be more trouble for
him if the media is not against them
because the public is not with this
media
yeah that's so right well it's gonna be
an interesting four years and we look
forward to speaking to you yeah well I'm
glad to do it and you know the last
thing I'll say is that I don't like to
be critical of the media I'm not perfect
and I don't make you know I mean I make
mistakes like anyone else does
but I go back to you as does Sue Ann
Levy we go back to the Rob Ford days as
mayor and we saw that he was a guy that
needed help and instead of helping him
they stomped on him and basically he's
dead now he's not his spirit is very
much here but you know people laughed at
the Fords well one has been elected
Marin was a very good mayor and now
one's going to be premier he's going to
be a very good premier and yet on TV oh
and on other places CBC and some of the
mainstream radio stations what were they
telling you yesterday they were telling
him that this was close that this was
neck-and-neck what it never was even the
CBC poll tracker showed that you know
Doug was in around 72 seats up to 89
seats and so rather than tell the truth
they decided to spin it and not and you
know what that's what you got to watch
for in the next few years I think Doug
will disarm all that thank you so much
you
