now I wanted to talk about your next
book now your next book is not uh you
know it's not nonfiction it's a novel I
haven't read it yet I'm excited to read
it oh but it sort of deals with these
issues of canadian-born Islamists and
the Canadian heroes who deal with them
yes our second book is called the pawns
of war it's a military thriller that
takes place in the world against the
Islamic States so it's set in Ottawa
Toronto and northern Iraq it's about a
Canadian soldier Hugh he thinks he's
left the army left behind him but
through a combination of greed a little
bit of arrogance a sense of revenge he
finds himself dragged back into this
murky world of foreign volunteers and
mercenaries and he's given the task of
rescuing a wealthy heiress who has been
kidnapped by a particularly nasty Isis
commander named Alec Kennedy now al
Kennedy is a arabic nome de guerre for
which translates into the canadian so
the canadian he is a guy who has turned
his back on his country he's he's heeded
the call of jihad he's joined the
caliphate and so the story really
centers upon these two very different
Canadians who find themselves on
opposing sides of this strange and
brutal and foreign war and I think
readers are really going to enjoy it
because it's told with a an authentic
readiness which can only be told by
somebody who was there on frontlines
now I had listened to your interview
that you did with Anthony fury our
friend Anthony theory and you raised
some very interesting and compelling
points about the state of Canadian
literature and how it leaves men and
boys behind yeah so I do have some
issues with the state of Canadian
literature today you know what I told
Anthony furia and what I will tell you
and your viewers is that I'm
disappointed in Canadian literature we
do a pretty good job when it comes to
promoting military nonfiction so for
example one soldier did really well in
Canada there's other military books like
rifle valves the patrol he's the great
Alberta author Scott KMBC Robert some
around Jody managed I'm missing a few
others but my point is we do a good job
telling military nonfiction but when it
comes to fiction this country is doing a
terrible job reaching out to what I call
a lost generation of leaders and that is
boys and men who who don't read and the
reason they don't read is because Ken
litt is producing stories which are you
know they're boring their inane they're
they're just not interesting and so
there's a huge gap in terms of the books
that are available and what we did with
one soldier and I think what we've done
with the ponds of waters we're reaching
out to that loss cohort of readers and
and trying to make trying to bring
reading back to them because ultimately
if we had 50% of society that's not
reading books that is a very bad thing
for our country that's an excerpt from
my weekly full-length show the gun show
on my show I take on the issues of the
day through my Alberta conservative lens
and I talked to the real news makers the
mainstream media ignores to get access
to my show in all of our other premium
content click the link on the screen to
subscribe today
you
