it's David Suzuki degree day down here
at the University of Alberta and I'm on
the ground with some people who are
having absolutely none of it I'm outside
the Jubilee Auditorium here in Edmonton
on the University campus today is
convocation day for the class of 2018
but it is also today that noted
environmentalist CBC celebrity and anti
Alberta activist David Suzuki will be
getting his honorary degree from this
institution of higher learning now I
think David Suzuki could be the greatest
lie ever perpetrated on the Canadian
public by this CBC and I suspect some of
the people at this protest organized by
rally for resources and Canada action
agree with me let's go find out David
Suzuki is Canada's biggest carbon
footprint hypocrite there is and in our
province right now I am no longer we're
no longer gonna be complacent against
these unfair celebrity attacks against
our industry we will be respectful we'll
be a peaceful we will show up at every
event and we are gonna have our voices I
don't think the award is deserved it
hasn't been earned so I support the gas
and oil and pipelines and David Suzuki
is a hypocrite and I just wanted it to
be known I wanted him to see us to show
that there there is pushback he's the
enemy to two of two Albertans
anybody who makes their living in the
oil patch he's getting annoyed degree
from University with finance and built
by oil and gas by two US company juice
company sponsor for good stuff they
sponsor for school they sponsor
University like this so it's not good
for a guy coming form or telling that no
it's not good oh oh who does not believe
in what sponsor the university stands
for we have to give our voice for the
other side for pro pipeline pro oil and
you know speak against what David
Suzuki's mantra is this current
lifestyle weight outweighs anything any
good he might have done earlier
career the way he lives I think there's
a certain amount of hypocrisy in his
lifestyle and I'm hurt just here
generally to support the Alberta oil
industry he's the biggest hypocrite I've
ever seen I can't stand by and have a
man who claims to be a scientist who
knows nothing about science a hundred in
this way it's a degree in hypocrisy and
I'm turning mine back in well folks
there you have it
everybody thinks David Suzuki's a real
hypocrite and I heard from a lot of
people who have more knowledge about the
oil sands and the environment than David
Suzuki himself for the rebel media I'm
Shiela gun Reid I have a brand-new book
exposing David Suzuki as the hypocrite
he really is it's called the case
against David Suzuki and unauthorized
biography and you can download the book
for free at Suzuki book.com and if you'd
like to pitch in to cover the cost of
producing the book you can do that on
the same website Suzuki book.com
