so everyone knows that the NDP tend to
be hard left on economic issues but the
new NDP and the new left really takes on
this sort of identity politics brand
that's what my article was about so you
know we had someone saying that the
black Toronto police chief should win
something called a coon award we have
you there just I mean that that's an
obscure racial epithet it's almost as
bad as the n-word because the the Chief
of Police is black calling him the
c-word see oon I don't even want to say
that that that is that's like calling a
Jew at ki ke or it's or using the n-word
for but that is insane that she got away
with that and she's still a candidate
right right well and that's the thing
you know there's a whole bunch of these
kind of comments like saying that gun
nuts should be droned and bombed one
candidate said that another one compared
canada's troops and our soldiers in
afghanistan to war criminals that same
candidate posted a meme of adolf hitler
on her facebook page although she claims
that her facebook page was hacked and
then it wasn't her yeah i apologize for
interrupting I just can't even stay
quiet the idea that she would publish a
Hitler mean and get away with it by
saying oh some someone must have hacked
my Facebook account
put the Hitler meme and I just sort of
kept it up there for years but I swear
it was those evil Hitler mean hackers I
mean the fact of that excuse we bought
and accepted Kansas I'm sorry let me be
quiet and you keep going I just can't
stay still though with these insane
stories keep going is there's more what
about guru tan sing the the brother of
jag meet Singh he's quite a character
isn't he yeah that's right he he held up
a sign saying F yeah actually said the F
word the police and he was holding it up
at a rally you know very openly with his
face you know very recognizable guide
the brother of the
a leader the NDP you know so the the
this is the kind of people that the NDP
has recruited they're completely
unvetted from a professional standpoint
the kind of people that you probably
wouldn't even hire for a job because you
wouldn't want that kind of toxic
environment around you a view like that
sign up for my show every day click on
the screen to subscribe
you
