the impending inspector general's report
allegedly says that James Comey was in
subordinate and defied authority at the
same time it looks like robert muller is
ratcheting up his intimidation tactic
trouble for former FBI director fired
FBI director james comey as this
impending inspector general's report
paints him as having had defied
Authority and being insubordinate now
there are elements of this oh I do
report leaking that's why I say
allegedly we don't know if what we're
seeing now will comport with the full
report but I suspect it will this was
being reported by ABC News and I'm
reading to you from a New York Post
story citing a draft of Inspector
General Michael Horowitz his report ABC
that Comey was rebuked for failing to
consult I'm gonna take my problems
because it did Wow it's problematic for
Comey but it really doesn't help the
Republicans Trump though citing a draft
of IG Michael Horowitz his report ABC
said Comey was rebuked for failing to
consult with then Attorney General
Loretta Lynch and other top DOJ
officials before he announced the FBI
completed its investigation into
Clinton's personal email server during
the July 5th news conference which we
all remember homie said there was no
quote clear evidence that Clint didn't
quote intended to violate the law but he
called her handling of the classified
information as you well remember
extremely careless now the report
supposedly also slams Loretta Lynch her
handling of the investigation especially
that June 2016 meeting with Bill Clinton
on a private jet that I've been telling
you for well over a year that meeting
was filthy it is unheard of unheard of
in an investigation for the chief
prosecutor to meet with the husband of
the suspect without any other attorneys
present it is bizarre it doesn't happen
it is completely improper possibly
illegal
now the draft report also said that
Comey
ignored objections from inside the
Department of Justice when he alerted
Congress that the FBI had reopened the
probe into Clinton's email server 11
days before the election homie was all
over the place homie was all over the
place now this oh I do report bothers me
for a couple of reasons
number one it's going to make it look as
if Comey tried to throw the election for
trump by calling him insubordinate by
saying that he acted he defied Authority
it will give Trump's firing of him cover
but no one is gonna be criminally
charged for trying to engage in a soft
coup against a political campaign then
the campaign and president elect and now
the President of the United States and
that soft coup of course trying to be
carried out with Robert Mulder's bogus
investigation so while I I'm happy to
see Comey
being called the task in in some way I'm
very disappointed at how tepid how
softly this is all being worded he
defied Authority he was insubordinate
none of this is really even Comey broke
the law he leaked classified memos we
owe IG agree with Congress he should be
criminally referred for prosecution
we're not seeing that and that concerns
me because Muller is team man are they
getting heavy-handed
this from CNBC but it's all over the
place hmm
special counsel Robert Mulder's team is
requesting that witnesses mind-blowing
that witnesses earn in their personal
phones to inspect their encrypted
messaging programs absolutely not
so think about this now I'm gonna read
you I'm gonna read you excerpts from the
left-leaning lawfare blog we're even
they and they despise Donald Trump over
there they're very concerned about the
level of evidence Muller has with
regards to witness tampering on the part
of Paul Manafort they call it virtually
non-existent
but what Muller's team is doing here and
let me read you a couple of excerpts and
we'll analyze it's from CNBC special
counsel Robert Muller's team is
requesting that witnesses turn in their
personal phones to inspect their
encrypted messaging programs this is the
more problematic part in potentially
view conversations between associates
linked the president Donald Trump
and they're asking people to turn these
phones in and many are because they
don't want to be subpoenaed and have to
spend more money figuring out if what
Muller's doing is constitutional this
has now gone from prospect oriole
prosecutorial misconduct misconduct the
potential criminal abuse of authority in
my opinion
since Earl as early as April Muller's
team has been asking witnesses in the
Russia probe to turn over phones for
agents to examine private conversation
on whatsapp confide signal and dust all
encrypted applications according to
sources who spoke of course on the
condition of anonymity during a subpoena
witnesses have complied and given over
their phones this is killing the United
States government via an unrestricted
unmanaged unmanageable as your counsel
with seemingly unlimited power who works
outside of the Department of Justice a
man who went through no confirmation
process is now violating with a wink and
a nod the Fourth Amendment protections
of Americans give me your cell phone
I want to look at all your encrypted
apps or hey we can do this the hard way
or we can do this the easy way hard way
as I get a subpoena and it cost you
another hundred thousand dollars you
might win you're probably gonna win but
do you have the hundred grand I didn't
think so give me the phone what Muller
is doing now is disgusting now this is
beyond Trump yawn man afford beyond
gates beyond general Flynn beyond
Papadopoulos this is now the
constitution Muller is now abusing
rambling the constitutional rights of
Americans this is such an important
story and I want to bring you the
details every day help me do that by
subscribing to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org the rebel app as always
thank you so much for watching I'll see
you tomorrow
