if you're watching this give it a share
I'm sorry I'm doing so many regular live
streams I'm just updating as as and when
information is coming in to me about
what's currently happening I just want
people to be made aware my phone is not
stopping
we've servicemen across across this
country across Europe who are sending in
pictures and who are joining the
movement of hash tag I am soldier X now
I've been contacted by one woman I
haven't yet checked to see if this
statistic is right people working within
mental health within the armed forces in
Britain there's been eight suicides in
the last week can that really be true
could there have been eight people
commit suicide in the last week members
of our armed forces and we've not seen
that on the news what we're seeing is
that someone's being kicked out that's
what everyone's talking about
can I be true I believe one lads from
the Irish Guards who's in London killed
himself and apparently all the signs
were there and he was begging for help
and all the people were begging for help
the amount of negative stories I'm
hearing about what's currently happening
to our armed forces what this is going
to have done is open up a can of worms
and it's kind of worms and I'm going to
tell the stories it's exactly what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna go into detail and
tell the stories of all the problems
because all of our servicemen are not
allowed they're not allow be part of a
union and they're voiceless and whilst
they're voiceless they're being they're
being abused they're not being supported
and then when they're done with them
they've been booted out and just left
them scrappy and then they think that to
pander to the Muslim Council of Britain
they can fry a 17 year old kid out and
that the rest of the rest of his
brothers in arms will not stand by him
but what you're gonna see now is a
movement growth of brothers gnomes from
across the country and the general
public support Nia now I've just been
told I've just been informed that one of
the young lads that was in the
photograph he's being investigated and
the reason he's being investigated is
because he has an England tattoo on his
arm and he had and he had his finger
pointing at his England home
he's under investigation for that can
that really be happening you think that
the army would be realizing now or that
the hierarchy because this isn't all the
people in the army cuz they're people in
the army I've all right most respect
every single one of us
but the hierarchy who are like
politicians who are saw out a touch of
in life who think that they can enforce
these politically correct pandal upon
some of the most toughest working the
past men in this country and that
everyone's just going to abide by it and
swallow it and there's always gonna come
up why I have so many people saying
though that this is going to be the
breaking point because people are part
with too much for too long they've been
under start with an undermanned
I mean abuse you've been treated like
shit and everyone's fed off and never so
it never has the term is anyway I'm
gonna go uploading more photos so that
was the update update where 150,000
signatures we've gone over a hundred
fifty thousand signatures and they
bought the website down and we and and
it and and the host to keep trying to
get it back up but this must be a huge
attack to bring that website down
so whose bar who could possibly behind
that beep Your Honor I have on tape I'll
be making a video for you having a tape
a leading member of the army saying I've
got it all saying that this has come
from ministerial-level that soldiers are
not allowed to follow me on facebook
these soldiers are away fighting in
fields and suffering and dying and
sacrificing and away from their children
and I kept saying you know what I put it
down to is when I was in prison I had so
many people saying to me as though it's
like the worst situation in the world
and it and it was a nicob situation and
it did have an impact on my family yeah
I was f2 and off mumps we have young men
that was signing up and they've been
sent away for six months and they're
getting bullets fire them and they can
treat like shit there's no heat and even
now in their barracks they're not
allowed to heat there's no heating
coming on there's really on October 1st
and that's now been delayed or to save
money all to save money
no he in the teen imprisoned for every
terrorist every terrorists are in our
prisons has got he has got it better
conditions probably better conditions
so share the petition it's
www.miamikettlebell.com them as well
with the slogan with the logo rider on a
bit of paper I know lots of people are
voting on their screens but actually
write it down write your message down on
a bit of paper this is a moment that if
you've been in the Army and you're fed
up with what's happening you're fed up
with the diversity eat shove down your
throat so I done yes they are not be
able to run about how the Army's not
going to be political but yet we have
rainbow flags flying from all the army
bases cetera etc now I have no problem
with homosexuals at all in fact I'm a
part of defend gay people's rights no
one in the army does they'd never have
had yeah but why the latest PR campaign
and latest recruitment videos they make
it seem like all the members of the army
like oh it's on their on their
recruitment video says oh it's okay to
be gay when I come out and I mention I
had a boyfriend I was fine like they
make him seem like there was a problem
or there is a problem and then it's like
oh it's okay to be a Muslim in the RV
and it's about belonging and all of
their whole recruitment life was aimed
at home sexual minorities Muslims
nothing was aimed at young tough men
don't want a fight to defend this
country
nothing was aimed to them and they
wonder why they only got 10% of the
recruitment needed
10% because you're just a lien eight
have you seen one of them with your
pandering to a left-wing common purpose
agenda being forced not just it's
already forced through all the fiber
gate is force free National Health
Service is forced through our education
system and now you're trying to force it
for our armed forces that's what you try
to do so if you're in the Armed Forces
and you want to have your little state
and our I will I will I will put out
fear
and this is only just a start at the
campaign I hope that and that mad thing
is we wait I don't want to do this I'm a
proud supporter of our armed forces from
the start my first activism started
because our our armed forces in Luton
were attacked by gangs and Muslims they
spat in their faces they called and
butchers of basra and we made the
decision to start something against them
that's where my activism started it was
a royal ambience we started in defense
of them and we started in the fence that
our counts were not pleased done nothing
called government done nothing they let
happened then they done nothing when
they burned puppies
and then people talk about more
convictions one of my convictions yes it
was a jump over a fence and trying to
stop and burn poppies so all of this has
gone on so we have another affiliation
and a support like every member of our
arm of our general public who love and
admire our own forces and we appreciate
what they do and that's a different
that's the complete difference because I
don't think any of our politicians run
either hierarchy or the people sitting
with Silver Spoons up their arses don't
and what's currently happening now is an
absolute disgrace in embarrassment to
this nation they a young 17 year old man
who's winning sacrifice and die and give
his life in his future to our country
his final look is phone hi girlie
his phone's on the scrapheap he's being
frozen the scrap feet for taking a
selfie with a journalist a 17 year old
boy what can he really have known about
me honestly what could he know and this
is simply done as well as has been said
in the meetings to keep the Muslim
community happy to keep Muslim fini
happy you sacrificed enough one of our
boys to keep them happy it's not even
Muslim community a community the Muslim
Council of Britain radical extremists
sign the petition if you can if not
watch follow take part in the movement
if you're in the army
write down write down on a bit of paper
so write your message and put it next to
your symbols and then we'll share out
and let's get this hashtag I am soldier
X we are all soldier eggs let's get the
movement going and the hope somewhere if
you're having your meetings of power and
corridors of power which they already
got the recording that says it's come
from industry also this is government so
if you're within the government and
you're about to watch what's about Peru
you're so far out of touch just like
when you tried sticking me in jail is it
the same person who's make didn't make
this decision was a person who made
decisions and put me in jail that didn't
work very well for you did it more
people listening now than ever ever
before
okay so if you're that person you're
making these decisions to come down and
throw these kids out you've got a chance
to change that decision well you're
going to cause a revolt of in your own
Armed Forces because people are not
going to stand by and watch this happen
you
