so last fall after 11 attempts the
student government at the University of
Michigan Ann Arbor finally passed a
resolution demanding the school divest
from Israel the students had some
outside help but the resolution itself
likely won't even matter
here's why at the University of Michigan
the pro-palestinian group isn't called
students for justice in Palestine but
don't worry it uses words that are
equally as benign and benevolent Saudi
according to watchdog group canary
mission the groups called students
allied for freedom and equality which is
a little ironic considering that the
progressive equality of outcome often
gets in the way of freedom and aside
from speaking out for the school to stop
doing business with companies like HP
and Boeing that support Israel
themselves the this group also brought
in outside anti-israel professionals one
of the speaker's was Sabri waze waze who
has said this is for Palestine Ramallah
West Bank Gaza it's about time you
globalized the Intifada referring to the
Palestinian uprisings that cost
thousands of Israeli and Palestinian
lives waze waze also compared Zionists
to Nazis and Palestinians to Jews and
attended solidarity rallies for
Palestinian terrorists Raz Mia oda who
masterminded a bombing that murdered two
college students safe also invited
former Stanford SJP president Kristin
Davis Bailey who got arrested for
participating in a police brutality
protest that resulted in traffic
accidents and get this you Mitch history
professor Victor Lieberman wanted to
bring a more balanced perspective to the
israeli-palestinian conflict but safe
prevented him from speaking at the
hearing claiming that it wouldn't be
fair
because Pro divestment professors were
apparently too scared to speak up but
while she signed the resolution you
mitch student government president
Anushka Sarkar said that this wasn't
true because 20 professors at the school
had signed a statement supporting
divestment some of these professors were
tenured and could have spoken along with
Lieberman still it's not as though the
divestment resolution
actually matters the human
Administration said we appreciate
hearing from students but went on to
note that the university's long-standing
policy is to shield the endowment from
political pressures and to base our
investment decisions solely on financial
factors such as risk and return
um Board of Regents was even more
blatant saying it's strongly opposed the
BDS movement and I'm pretty sure the
student activists knew these positions
all along you would think that if the
issue really mattered to them they maybe
consider transferring schools but of
course leftists never did have a good
understanding of the free market for
campus unmasked I'm Rob scrimshaw
if you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
