comics gate it's like gamergate but in
the comics industry the left to really
have a way of ruining everything
everything to them is a social cause do
they not realize that some people just
want to get on with their life enjoy
games enjoy comics do they have to get
involved and ruin everything
after gamergate the left is now going
for the comics industry but the media
will tell you comics gate and the
pushback against far-left propaganda
being pushed in the comics industry is a
quote targeted harassment campaign
against people advocating for diversity
in comics but it's not the right to
blame here it's the left who have taken
something that is innately unpolitical
and made it a social justice cause and
ruin something that is unpolitical and
in fact something that people across all
political spectrums can enjoy together
just like gamergate progressives are
quick to call anyone objecting to
inserting an agenda and their beloved
comics as bigots but what else is new
one reporter claimed quote comics gate
meanwhile seems to just want less
diversity both in characters and
creators in an attempt to save comics
and keep the medium white male and
familiar that's it
this isn't about keeping comics white
this is about stopping comics from being
ruined by far-left political agendas
people love popular comic book
franchises so when the left tried to
change the nature of a story they anger
a lot of people if this was really about
equality and changing the comic-book
industry why aren't they creating new
comic books instead carve out your own
niche and let the free market determine
whether or not you're doing something
people want or not but so far we know
that they attempt to implement a
progressive agenda within the comics
industry isn't voting well with
consumers Marvel's transition from
traditional storylines a political
correctness began in 2011 with Brian
Michael Bendis a left-wing writer who
launched a reboot version of Marvel
called the ultimate universe and the
maze
Media pushed it really hard and it goes
beyond spider-man there has been a
string of diversity ships recently with
big changes to Captain America Miss
Marvel and Thor Captain America is black
miss Marvel is a 16 year old Pakistani
American Muslim Thor is somehow a woman
and even Captain America is working with
domestic terrorist organization and Tifa
with a great push from their bought and
paid for media shells they even
announced that they would have their
first gay wedding in the comic
astonishing x-men it was canceled a year
later due to low sales a trend that
seems to be happening to nearly every
franchise the sjw's at Marvel touch
there is a financial disaster waiting to
ripple through the industry leading to
loss of jobs and countless mom-and-pop
comic shops being forced to close down
this has to end
the progressive agenda in comics has
tainted their very business practices as
if a fictional pyramid of oppressed
wasn't enough they have been pursuing
hiring practices that seem more like
virtue signalling campaign than an
honest showcase of merit or Talent these
Purse puppy hires have become the new
class of self-entitled comics
gatekeepers who can often be seen on
social media berating the consumers with
ADD homonyms akin to what any
right-of-center person is used to facing
from the resistance in spite of all this
comic fans have band together under the
hashtags Comics gate and move the needle
to save their beloved pastime one fan
who has become a thorn in the side of
sjw comic pros is Richard Mayer his
channel diversity in comics has become a
force to be reckoned with Richard
started his channel as an honest
critique of the comics industry's clear
political bias and the behavior of
progressives who have been platformed as
pros thanks to affirmative action in the
industry's need to win the oppressive
Olympics Trading sales and fandom for
social brownie points predictably Meyer
was swarmed by sjw's working at the two
big publishers who went as far as to
DOCSIS past his family spread lies about
him and even make violent threats
towards him when these tactics did not
work to scare Meyer into retreating the
SJW pros dared him to put his money
where his mouth is and make his own
comic Myers IndieGoGo campaign for his
book jawbreakers is now the number one
crowdfunded comic in history passing Vox
daze alt heroes Ethan Van Sciver is
another Pro comic book artist that has
come out strongly against leftist comics
after they tried to blacklist him for
being a trump supporter his popular
YouTube channel comic artist Pro secrets
which criticizes comics and Star Wars
for being too SJW is also skyrocketing
and subscriptions Sciver has also
launched his own comic book project on
IndieGoGo called cyber frog which broke
80,000 sales in less than two days
obviously there is an appetite for
regular comics without political
meddling the lesson to be learned here
is that we must never forget that we are
in control art mythology and
entertainment belong to us the people
and not to an elite class of ideologues
and business moguls who are happy to
trample over every little tradition we
have the power to disarm this villainy
we must create the new cannons and tell
new stories the case of skiver & Myers
show it pays to fight back loudly with
our own productions our own innovations
and our own stories our victories and
the culture war are just the seeds for a
bright future where political meddling
is removed from popular media the far
left will lose the gaming industry and
they're going to lose the comics
industry too if you want to see more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
like and subscribe
you
