a new study in London has found that
gangs are more ruthless organized and
profit-driven
than ever before a new report has been
commissioned by Waltham Forest Council
and it's found that gangs are moving
away from the traditional postcode Wars
kind of system and that traditional
rivalries and they're now focused on
dealing Class A drugs and being profit
driven and operating away from
technology and away from the police I
guess I guess it's a good thing they've
put aside their petty rivalries now
their beef with each other will be who's
selling drugs on which pit of land as
opposed to who's from which postcode
crazy but it says in the report here
it's no longer about postcodes and they
spoke to different participants of this
study of people connected to gangs or
historically connected to gangs one
person said we just don't hear about
postcodes they've evolved now in that
you know the money's with the drugs said
participant 9 another one it's it's
moved on from postcode related activity
it's now more to do with drug dealing I
think that's changed probably over the
last maybe five years sir participant a
and the paper also says when the classic
reluctant gang study was completed ten
years ago the focus was upon postcode
territories that needed to be defended
from outsiders gang members described an
emotional relationship with their local
area so they're moving away from
traditional rivalries and now they're
becoming more professional and profit
driven they've got more of a focus on a
business model that's focused on the
drugs market participant 48 told the
study you notice how gangs have changed
how their modus operandi has changed it
just shows that they will evolve the
strong gangs will evolve and change and
the report goes on to say a consistent
theme across the accounts of X gang
members
young people and professionals was that
there had been a move toward a more
professional operating model that was
focused upon the drugs market that seems
to have exploded in the last few years
set participants six I think the drug
dealing I think it's still more now
because of the whole
thing the explosion round drugs it's
more around getting the money so gang
members see an explosion around drugs
and they're using that they're using
that they're moving away from
traditional rivalries making more money
and becoming more ruthless and we're
certainly seeing gangs becoming much
more ruthless you know moped attacks for
instance I reported yesterday I've I've
gone from a few hundred in twenty twelve
to twenty three thousand last year gang
and the dissident moped thieves moped
attacks that I'm talking about so
they're definitely becoming more
ruthless and organized they're stealing
more the more about profit and more
people are being killed more people are
being stabbed and killed in the street
this interesting section here about gang
structure it says the term gang has
provoked considerable controversy with
the academic community pitch 2007
identified a debate between two broad
approaches that continue to this day the
first approach is the youth governance
approach which disputes the existence of
gangs and argues that the term is used
as a justification of the scapegoating
and criminalization of predominantly
black youth let's not forget that it's
black youth who are also the biggest
victims of this crime one former
statutory sector professional said I
personally do not believe there are
gangs in Morphin forest
does that mean I don't believe there are
groups of young people were involved in
criminal activity who are involved in
violence of course there are so there's
no gangs but there are young collections
of people collections of young people
committing crime but there's no gangs
right okay the participant went on to
state that there's only a small
percentage of young people who are
involved in crime okay nobody's
suggesting that all young people were
involved in crime consequently there's a
danger that talking of gangs can be used
to criminalize young black males who are
visible on the streets what nobody talks
about gangs to criminalize or demonize
young black males like I just said let's
not forget the biggest victims of this
stuff is young black males they're the
biggest victims I mean all it when you
hear this stuff about how you can't talk
about it in terms of gangs and you can't
say that they're thugs and all this
stuff it's immediately on the defensive
they're assuming that they're that this
has been made about race and it's not
not the the the person in this study
participant 31 the same person who said
that said working class young people
black young people have always inhabited
social space they're not middle class
they haven't got nice big houses right
with grass and marble floors glass
floors interesting they're not private
Eton Harrow school right so those social
Ward is on the streets or if you want to
play football play cricket you go out
with your mates unfortunately we want to
ethnically cleanse our streets we want
to be gentrified we want nice
middle-class people to live in these
spiky flats we don't want to see
roughneck kids hanging about laughing
and joking
it's nothing about roughneck kids it's
not about having no working-class people
on the streets gentrification is just a
process that happens in big cities these
days completely different issue that
we'll talk about another time and but
this isn't about not wanting
working-class kids there people are
rightfully concerned when they see gangs
of users roaming the streets because
they're committing crime you know can we
at least have a bit of honesty here what
this report is showing us is that gang
crime is going up it's a problem and
it's changing in maybe the postcode
rivalry has gone and now they're focused
on drugs but is that any better I don't
think so gangs involve them forests so
let's look at this approximately 250
recognized gangs in the whole of London
which is around 4,500 people and in
Waltham Forest in 2017 around 230
individuals identified as gang members
56 are currently imprisoned 230
identified as gang members so wonder how
many more don't identify because they
don't want to out the fact that they're
in a gang I'm surprised that 230 people
actually admitted it but it shows us
there's a problem here and when we say
no no there's no gangs in more than
forest like this former statutory sector
professional said when you say oh
there's no gangs but there are groups of
young people committing crimes I can't
help but want to laugh it's insane it's
insane but it's also dangerous and it's
worrying
there's only so much we can actually
learn from current gang members because
everything they tell us we've got to
take with a pinch of salt but there's
also only so much we can learn from
these former statutory sector
professionals who tell us that gangs
don't exist him more than forests what
they tell us gangster exist but young
groups of young people who commit crimes
do to tell us that the crime that gangs
don't exist in modern forests is
ludicrous look at the Maori boys the
Molly boys is one group that was looked
at in this report it's said to be the
most business driven violent and
ruthless new kind of gang that's
operating in London it's shuns social
media and technology to stay away from
the police when we see reports that say
there's a new kind of gang there's
shunning social media operating in a way
they would have done maybe 30 years ago
though more ruthless more organized
they're selling more drugs across London
because that's what London wants these
days what you think happens when you
create a metropolis of of hipsters and
far-left activists of course they all
want drugs and it's been it's been
brought in by their gangs it's madness
when you hear that the Molly boys are
doing this kind of activity are
committing this kind of crime and then
we hear the reports of the people being
stabbed all over London the moped crime
all over London you have to wonder what
does the future hold
so yes crime exists yes gangs exist in
Walden forests and we should certainly
stop listening to people that tell us
when we talk of gangs we're just trying
to scapegoat certain communities that's
ludicrous the report tells us gangs
exist and this one tells us that they're
focusing less on postcodes on more on
crime and drug-related crime and
peddling drugs and putting drugs into
inner-city London that should worry is
especially when you consider the fact
that knife crime and gun crime is rising
in this city as well this is a worrying
trend and we should take it seriously if
you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team remember to Like
and subscribe
you
