fucking cheap flavor that's how you get
cheap shit
you pay nothing don't like tell me bro
do it I'm doing it
well that empowered Jezebel was a
student at Santa Clara University in
wait for it California I know what a
shock
she was upset when the school's Turning
Point USA chapter hosted an event
commemorating the lives lost to
communism and socialism but what they're
saying is also kind of right was the
shift and look at other countries
nations that have what you behead Sun
great under communism this is a country
where as of 2015
not even a third of the population was
connected to the Internet or had a cell
phone
sure literacy is important but you're
learning to read so that you can earn a
living and communist governments aren't
the most rewarding of individual merit
Cuba's GDP per capita is under eight
thousand US dollars which is pretty bad
compared to the US and Canada is fifty
eight and forty two thousand dollars
respectively defending Cuba is like
saying an ice cream sundae is still
dessert even though the ice creams
melted and it's served with the topping
of tens of thousands of dead bodies but
back to the very insightful student I'm
sorry but did she just say the u.s. is a
colony of Puerto Rico second of all the
US Housing and Urban Development
Department is giving Puerto Rico
eighteen point five billion dollars to
help it recover from Hurricane Maria
last fall that's the largest grant the
department has ever given but I guess
facts like that don't really matter to
the student who looked like she was
trying to flip the table over before
doing this
how do you heard of Venezuela this is
what they have to do to make their
arguments compelling another female
student apparently ripped out some of
turning-points flags which the group had
planted to commemorate victims of
communism and socialism
I spoke with turning-point Santa Clara's
president Raghav Kanodia and he told me
whenever there is discrimination against
values which are inherently aligned with
the Liberals our school in the
administration have sent out emails
offering every resource they have
available to support the students who
have allegedly been discriminated
against but when it comes to values
which align with conservatives there is
usually little or no action taken and
that does seem to be the case at Santa
Clara back in April I reported on their
snow your whiteness sport which used
snow white to argue that whiteness is
about power and said that race had no
scientific basis the school took it down
for a bit but then put it back up
changing the title but keeping all other
parts of the cringe-worthy thing exactly
the same for campus unmasked I'm Rob
trim shop if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
