fired former FBI deputy director Andrew
McCabe wants immunity in exchange for
his Senate testimony I don't think you
should get it and Rudy Giuliani is
ramping up his offense against Robert
Muller now it seems like every day we're
getting new information about Obama gait
Spygate call it what you will this
scandal where we now know now we know
that dubious things were done by the FBI
by the Department of Justice by John
Brennan CIA against the Trump campaign
they could spin it all they want but we
know this went on it's indisputable
right now we have a criminal referral
from the Department of Justice's Office
of Inspector General against former FBI
number two Andrew McCabe we've got
criminal referrals against a host Obama
administration officials including
Hillary Clinton including James Comey by
members of Congress we might see
criminal referrals on those same people
or a few of those people when the
Inspector General report comes out well
have a lot of faith in that and I'm
gonna be discussing that a little bit
later in this segment but now the guy
who I think is the worst of the worst
I've said on this show many many times
it all comes back to Andrew McCabe and
it always comes back to Andrew McCabe
you've heard me say it I've been proven
right bye-bye
items that broke in the media shortly
thereafter I've been proven right by the
fact that Andrew McCabe as I just
mentioned has been criminally referred
through the Department of Justice for
prosecution not just by the Inspector
General but by a dozen plus members of
Congress he's a bad bad guy who violated
his oath who desecrated the mission of
the FBI well now Andrew McCabe is asking
for immunity in exchange for his Senate
testimony testimony to the United States
Senate a Daily Caller story but it's
been all over the media this from a this
is a statement from Michael Bromwich
McCabe's attorney Bromwich says quote
this is a textbook case for granting use
immunity mr. mchabe you wrote this
letter to a Senate Judiciary Committee
Chairman Chuck Grassley of Iowa
mr. McCabe is willing to testify but
because of the criminal referral he must
be afforded suitable legal protection
accordingly we hereby request that the
Judiciary Committee authorize a grant of
use immunity the mr. McCabe a McCabe as
you remember was fired back in March for
lying lying about leaking to the media
but really McCabe was a bad bad guy with
no place being in the FBI the Inspector
General back then found that McCabe gave
four misleading statements to
investigators three of them while under
oh now there he and Comey have also got
into this back-and-forth over well uh
did Comey authorize him to speak to the
media McCabe says he did comb he says he
didn't one of the two is lying one of
the two is lying now Bromwich McCabe's
attorney goes on to say quote even
though McCabe committed no crime which I
don't believe these leaks have forced us
to acknowledge the criminal referral he
said that he and McCabe were outraged by
the leaks he's talking about leaks from
with a claimant leaks from the Justice
Department about McCabe's case in his
letter to grass he said leaks Bromwich
the lawyer that leaks from the agency
revealed the OIG made a criminal
referral on McCabe to the US Attorney's
Office and hey now here's why I don't
want to see McCabe get immunity number
one I don't think he's earned immunity
was never afforded the general Flynn it
was never afforded George papadopolis it
was never offered to anyone else on the
Trump campaign people like Michael
Caputo did nothing wrong but were forced
to go essentially bankrupt spend six
figures on legal fees why should me can
get it at McCabe he'd given any immunity
he's a terrible terrible guy a terrible
guy a guy who ran this entire operation
who weaponized the FBI on behalf of
Hillary McCabe Kendu if he's granted
this use of me and it is he could sit in
front of Congress he could the US Senate
he can say I did it all James Comey did
nothing Loretta Lynch did nothing John
Brennan did nothing here is a list of
everything I did every law I broke every
illegal order I gave here are the people
I gave them to they were only carrying
out those orders I even lied to those
people and generated documents that made
it look as if I got legal opinions but
these orders were legal I have those
documents in my safe at home I'll
provide them to you at a later date then
he goes home and he creates those
documents back dates him he takes
responsibility for everything and he
walks away because he got immunity
he got usse immunity for anything he
testified to that day and that means not
only won't he be charged no one will be
charged
here's a criminal referral on this guy
to DOJ he walks in there and he
confesses to everything the DOJ is going
to have an impossible time ever
prosecuting him I think Chuck Grassley
would be out of his mind to give McCabe
immunity for his testimony
it is a get out of jail free card for a
guy like McCabe gangsters mobsters
amused this tactic for years right I
have some information and they walk in
the allocute they confess to everything
and nothing can be done
is it on have a strong enough case on
McCabe yet they don't witnesses they're
in a body and they killed anybody I'm
saying that in a metaphorical sense but
they don't have the hard evidence they
need they have it to an extent but a lot
of its he said she said let McCabe walks
in and he says yes
I I did lie to the investigators and
here's why I was covering this this and
this up and you try to prosecute him and
his lawyers keep it in court forever
saying ho you can't prosecute this guy
he just he just confessed to these
things as part and parcel to his
testimony these confessions are out the
evidence is out because he presented
that same evidence in the Senate hearing
it is the most dangerous wrap and McCabe
is plain Chuck Grassley playing the
Senate the guy's been in the FBI for 22
years
he knows how this game works he knows
how to manipulate it better than anybody
he almost was able to topple a
presidency don't trust this guy give him
nothing there's a really important story
and the developments are coming every
hour now not even every day I want to
bring it to you I want to stay on top of
it helped me do that by subscribing to
our premium service at www.mediaed.org
the rebel app and stick with us here at
the rebel for a current analysis on this
Obama gate situation also we're gonna
keep you apprised of what's happening
with Tommy Robinson over in the UK held
for 13 months for doing journalism for
exposing Muslim rape gang it is
absolutely unacceptable as always thanks
so much for watching I'll see you
tomorrow
you
