this wasn't a shop turning away like a
barbershop turning away a gay person
this was a very specific request for the
Christian Baker to engage in an
expressive act contrary to his own
conscience am I correct in that yeah
it's a it's a really disturbing case
once you get into the details of it
especially for someone like me who is
truly a libertarian on this subject I've
lived my life in the arts that worked
with all and known and befriended gate a
lot of gay people through my life and
only want the best for them but this is
a true abuse the guy as a Christian
Baker he considers his baking his cake
making an art he's got like a palette as
part of his logo on the shop and they
came in a gay couple came in and asked
for a wedding cake for their wedding he
had previously turned down other things
that violated his Christian beliefs like
Halloween cakes things with you know
kind of pornographic or adult elements
so this was not a first thing he said to
them hey you know I serve anybody here
he said but I don't serve every occasion
you're welcome to buy anything that's in
the shop but I can't specifically make a
cake use my artistic expression to make
a cake for your wedding because that
would violate my conscience which seems
to me this is narrow you know and ask as
you could possibly get just a little bit
of goodwill a little bit of leaving
other people alone I would have you know
did done a lot for the tenor of the
country know the gay couple can't do
that they complain to the Colorado Civil
Rights Commission the Commission not
only rules against him but this is his
religion says this is the kind of you
know use of religion that led to the
Holocaust they all know they come all
kinds of yeah it was amazing that's
really about Hitler wouldn't exactly
excited Jews and don't you know today
today it's Kate and tomorrow it's a
different kind of of a I shouldn't make
jokes and horrific comparison the caller
I didn't even know there was something
called the holler Colorado Human Rights
Commission it sounds like there
shouldn't well this is the thing
completely completely unelected
Commission on which there have to be
members who are part of the apparently
excluded classes like LGBT people and
stuff like this so it's bound to be
swing to the left it's bound to be in
favor of the LGBT previously as really I
mean when she hear the details of this
case it really makes your head catch
fire previously these guys had allowed
that if you came in and one of the cake
that was against gay marriage the Baker
was it was valid for the Baker's say no
I can't do that hmm but the other way it
wasn't didn't work so it goes to the
Supreme Court another Court rules
against the Baker it goes to the Supreme
Court and unfortunately even though it
sounds like a good decision because it's
seven to two although how it could not
have been nine oh I don't know but it's
seven to two they ruled very very
narrowly all they said was the
Commission had been so bigoted that
Holocaust remark had been so over the
top that the guy had been treated
unfairly essentially they did not rule
on the bigger issue of free speech
rights freedom of religion rights First
Amendment rights basically they didn't
rule on that at all and basically I mean
they left open the possibility that if
this Commission had just been a little
bit more sneaky if they had just hidden
their hatred of Christianity they might
have gotten away with it that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levante show no one leaves behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
