Robert Muller accuses Paul Manafort of
witness tampering but a former New York
City police commissioner who faced his
own federal charges says not so fast
Special Counsel Robert Muller and I you
know I don't trust is now claiming that
Paul Manafort engaged in witness
tampering but others who have gone
through the federal prosecution process
as defendants are saying this is a
common tactic one of them is former
police commissioner I'm gonna get to
that in a moment this from a Thompson
Reuters story mana for attempted tamper
with potential witnesses u.s. special
counsel Butler of course investigating
possible collusion links that don't
exist now Muller is indicted mana fort
in federal courts in Virginia and DC
he's now claiming that Madoff or
tampered with witnesses let me read you
this from the Thompson Reuters story FBI
special agent Brock Dolman the
declaration filed with Muller's motion
said mana fort had attempted to call
text and send encrypted messages in
February the two people from the quote
Hapsburg group end quote a firm he
worked with to promote the interests of
the Ukraine
the FBI is documents and statements from
the two people as well as telephone
records and documents recovered through
a search of mana Ford's iCloud account
showing that trumps former campaign
manager attempted communication while he
was out on bail according to DOMA in the
FBI agent
the communications were quote according
this FBI agent in an effort to influence
their testimony and to otherwise conceal
evidence
now the Muller urged the judge Amy
Berman Jackson to promptly hold a
hearing to decide whether or not man
afford should remain out on bail and or
if he should be what's called remanded
and start serving jail time now pending
trial so he can't communicate with me
now beam straight forward if you trust
Muller I don't go Bernie Kerik Bernard
Kerik was the former police commissioner
of New York City I know Bernie Kerik
Bernie Kerik at his own time in federal
prison many people feel unjustly because
he was tapped back after 9/11 he was the
police commissioner on 9/11 prior to
that of NYPD prior to that even the New
York City Corrections Commissioner he
ran the jail's
and when he was being considered for
homeland security secretary during his
background check certain things pop up
that he might have had
unscrupulous dealings with contractors
and they unfairly gave him free work on
his home due to his role as police
commissioner in New York City that was
one of me set the charges but many
people feel that Rock Eric was
railroaded that did not rise to
criminality Oh Carrick we did uh for
those about this he he took a quote
tweet of a fox news report on a I just
read you from Thomson Reuters that
Muller is claimed a deport witness
tampered and Bernie Kerik wrote on
Twitter for those ignorant of DOJ
tactics this maneuver is to scare to
death any mana port friends or
supporters that would think of assisting
in his defense and mentally torture him
with solitary confinement in order to
force him to take a plea and cooperate
hashtag prosecutorial misconduct now
that's a pretty heavy allegation level
against Muller but it seems to make
sense no one said that mana Ford isn't
allowed to communicate with people while
he's out on bail no one said mana fort
can't speak to people that he formerly
worked with that's not a condition of
your of your uh bail I've got a friend
who I've mentioned and they were
subsequently they won on appeal during
Obama's war on wealth they were an older
couple who
very well on Wall Street they were both
sentenced to federal prison for a couple
of years minor minor minor white-collar
crime issues an appeals court looked at
the way the government acted it was the
one of the most scathing rebukes I've
ever seen against the government from a
federal appeals court in both vacating
and overturning their convictions
dismissing the charges with prejudice
and essentially saying to the government
as a federal court were embarrassed at
how you acted in this case essentially
seized millions of dollars of these
people's assets for what amounted to a
clerical error on one form related to a
hundred and fifty thousand dollar
financial transaction in this case with
my friends the government claimed they
were one of the elements one day I'll do
the whole case their lawyers are almost
ready to have them come on here with me
because it's in it's so egregious in one
case they claimed that a company they
were investing into and that the
investors in their fund were investing
into didn't exist that it was a Ponzi
scheme this company made a certain type
of hardware my friends attorneys showed
a video of the factory go to video of
the pieces of hardware on shelves at
stores it showed that the company not
only existed that people were employed
there that they made these items that
they they that these items were shipped
to big-box retailers that they existed
the company was profitable the investors
by the way the investors were saying we
love this company we're making money
with this company we've been to the
factory we see the products at our local
hardware store we have no problem with
this we've gotten our dividend checks
wanted out of the investment we got out
of the investment the government didn't
care they maintained this even that
judge in the trial
laughed at the government and
essentially told the jury to disregard
that entire charge and that entire line
of questioning so I've seen the
government act very unscrupulously I kid
you not
the government claimed a company didn't
exist that had a factory was making
items and those items were on store
shelves and like I said as soon as these
friends of mine can go on camera their
lawyers about to let them they said
about two months I'm gonna do a couple
of shows with them and they can walk you
through
exactly how they were treated by the
Obama Department of Justice it was an
absolute travesty and for no other
reason then I believe they were very
wealthy very conservative they were big
money Republican donors and very
charitable who PACs that fought Hillary
and Obama and two veterans causes very
very conservative people very religious
people and the Obama Justice Department
went after them as if they were members
of the cartel it was one of the most
tragic disgusting cases I've ever seen
as retribution against conservatives and
the there the overturn of their
conviction on appeal proves the
government never should have gone after
them in the first place that's a whole
nother story
but it ties in with Bernie Kerik is
saying here
again for the ignorant for those
ignorant of BOJ taxes that tactics this
maneuver is to scare to dead any mana
for friends or supporters that would
think of assisting in his defense and
mentally torture him with solitary
confinement in order to force him to
take a plea cooperate and why it makes
sense well mana fort reached out some
old colleagues now the reason I brought
up my friends is that while they were on
out on bail it could talk to whoever
they wanted I would go to their house
all the time they would throw parties
they would have loads of friends over
their house only never go in a federal
prison thank God it all worked out for
them hmm there's the rule this is you
can't speak to people you formerly
worked with but you're friends with who
does appear that what Muller is doing is
trying to tell everybody who knows mana
for it don't go near him he's toxic
he's kryptonite because if he calls you
even to say hey was your wife a happy
birthday we might see it as witness
tampering and you're gonna be in trouble
as well so you isolate mana for it right
you kill all of his supporters you
terrorize and terrify anybody that might
come into court to testify on his behalf
then you ask the judge to pull his bail
like Carrick says and when he gets to
prison you put him in
Muller's and Waisman are bad guys it
probably a request that he go to one of
the most vile brutal facilities where
his lawyers are gonna ask for
administrative segregation where he's
gonna be locked down 23 hours a day with
no contact with anybody and it's gonna
mentally mess with the guy and he's
going and they're gonna say oh yeah we
can keep going for years take a plea and
do two years in a minimum-security
facility where you get fresh air every
day not the way our system is supposed
to work and I believe that's what
Muller's doing I do not I I profile law
enforcement I defend law enforcement to
me Muller is not law enforcement he's a
thug who's drunk on power abusing what
appears to be an unconstitutional
appointment that's not a cop to me
that's not law enforcement I want to
bring you this important content every
single day so help me do that by
subscribing to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org the rebel app and follow
us here at the rebel for the latest on
Tommy Robinson's what I consider unjust
prison meant in the United
kingdom as always thank you so much for
watching we'll see you tomorrow
you
