in just this past week a man in Croydon
was attacked by a cyclist armed with a
zombie knife and a man in Kensington was
killed by a regular knife and a murder
investigation has begun
we all know by now that knife crime is
getting pretty out of hand in the UK and
specifically London and surrounding
areas like Croydon and there's a report
today in the Daily Mail of an event in
Croydon and it's a cyclist who is well
he's got a bit of road rage with the
driver and he attacked the motorist with
a zombie knife so the Mail reports
dashcam footage captures the horrifying
moment the young man sprinted after a
Volkswagen Polo on a busy High Street in
Croydon before trying to break through
the driver's side Windsor window the
cyclist was carrying a huge zombie knife
the driver almost hit the cyclist
causing the Rauh in a brazen attack the
cyclist pulls out the long blade and
tries to get into the car he lands a few
blows the window shatters and the driver
flees for his life and this story comes
after a man has become the forty-third
knife crime murder victim in London it
happened in Kensington a man was stabbed
to death it wasn't a zombie knife it was
a regular old knife a manhunt and murder
investigation is now launched and after
the guy died at the scene after about 40
minutes so I saw this story of a London
surgeon who claimed that Donald Trump's
remarks on London being a war zone
because of knife crime he says that the
claims were ridiculous there's a story
here from Skyy Donald Trump's suggestion
that guns could help tackle violent
crime in London is ridiculous as sergyef
in the capital has said so Trump
basically was talking about the NRA say
talking to the NRA saying well they
don't have guns there but they do have
knives and there's blood on the floors
and look London's like a war zone for
horrible stabbing wounds I mean he's not
wrong 43 killed from knife crimes
I think it's 65 killed in London so far
from knife crimes and shootings so the
surgeon in London professor Kerry Umbro
he a trauma surgeon from the Royal
London Hospital said knife violence is a
serious issue for London we are proud of
the excellent trauma care we provide and
of course our violence reduction
programs and I can't argue with that and
sure they provide great care but the
point is they shouldn't have to be
providing this care in the first
he went on to say the Royal London
Hospital has cut the number of our young
patients returning after further knife
attacks from 45% to 1% again fantastic
but so called Trump's claims ridiculous
is demonstrably I mean false it's silly
obviously there's a knife crime issue in
in London and in the rest of the UK
we're seeing zombie knife attacks
happening I mean this is total insanity
there's another zombie knife case that
happened in Basingstoke which is
southern England there's an article here
from the Basingstoke Gazette three teams
who were found with two footlong zombie
knives and Class A drugs have been
sentenced officers from Beijing Stokes
neighborhood policing team stopped in a
taxi in the Darlington Road area on
Wednesday 25th bate Perl Basingstoke
magistrate's court heard on Monday when
they searched the three passengers
inside they found that two of them were
carrying zombie knives which were around
two four in length so we've got a few
problems here we've got a knife coin
regular old knife crime but we've also
got zombie knives zombie knives so if
you don't know what zombie knives are so
they're blades that are up to about two
feet long and they're called zombie
knives because they literally look like
something from a zombie apocalyptic film
they've got loads of curves and holes in
them and you know make it easier for
stabbing and gouging these are brutal
knives these are not meant to be used
for anything other than really killing
someone or something an animal or
whatever but they can be purchased
online now as as far as I can tell these
knives are banned but they're still
being sold online there's an article
here in the Sun blades of glory bades a
blaze of glory banned zombie knives
selling on eBay for just eight pound as
knife slaughter cripples London despite
a crackdown on the sale of knives and an
ebay ban on those the sale of all knives
to UK customers apart from cutlery
several weapons were found on the
internet site with 17.5 centimeter blade
selling for just eight pounds fifty
these are not knife
nice-looking knives no reasonable person
could say they were going to use these
for chopping vegetables although we're
not going to be able to chop vegetables
very well soon anyway because have you
seen the new who the new get the new
rules that are coming in they're talking
about
the ends of knives round now just
insanity but this this zombie knife
crime is is just something I never ever
thought I would see and it's not just
London the whole country's suffering and
something needs to be done about it
when we've got people walking the
streets cycling around with a zombie
knife in their backpack we know there's
a cultural problem here people aren't
just doing this wearing nearly because
it's a bit funny there's there's a
serious issue behind this I think it's a
lot of things it's a lot of things I
think it's largely a cultural issue you
know when you've got city centres like
London now increasingly divided
increasingly ghettoized people are going
to war over postcodes you heard of it
the postcode Wars gang is literally
battling with each other because they're
from different parts of London what you
think happens in a city when you're
surrounded by concrete jungles what do
you think happens in a city where people
are living in poverty what do you think
happens in a city where people are
divided with extreme religious views
people are divided with well you know
whole communities are being told that
white people are working against them
what you think is going to happen when
people are told that the majority
population of England hate them and are
working against them are not
institutionally racist towards them
that's why there's a problem with black
gang crime that's what you know and it's
amazing as well because they don't
realize they're killing their own people
it's majority young black lads that are
victims of this kind of crime there's a
serious societal and cultural issue here
and we can ban now as we can curve the
ends of chopping knives we can do all
these things but we're not going to
solve it until we start looking at the
source of the problem
so what can we reasonably do to stop
knife crime in London and what can we
reasonably do to stop the use of zombie
knives in London and the rest of the UK
well obviously it stopped and searched
and lewisham police showed us earlier
last month how this works
last month the Richmond Police posted
the case of somebody carrying just a
regular old hunting knife on Twitter
they said another hunting knife off the
streets
one arrest hashtag stop and search works
yes it does work stop and search in
dangerous areas in areas where you it's
more likely that people are going to be
carrying these weapons stop and search
works not only does it get the knives
out of their pockets and their backpacks
and out of their hands it puts people
off from carrying them themselves
because they know if they get picked up
randomly by the police they're not going
to be walking out in the streets with
zombie knives insanity but one thing I
did notice about this case because Louis
Sherman police went on to tweets again
and it was an update they said just to
update the person concerned went to
court and was giving twelve hours
community service and an eighty five
quid fine
twelve hours community service and 85
quid if I was a gangster I'd probably
consider that worth it you know if
you're a gangster who wants to carry
knives out on the street and if you get
caught then oh you might have to do 12
hours picking up that litter and it only
eighty five quid eighty five quid what
gangsters can make that like that it's
nothing
we need tougher sentencing banning
zombie knives and other kinds of large
knives from being carried on the street
is one thing curving the end of knives
is one thing but we're never going to
solve the problem until we tackle the
source of the problem and if we want
Dombey knives off our streets if we want
to stop these brutal attacks from
happening if we want people to stop
being killed in the middle of kensington
even in london we've got to tackle this
in three ways one we've got to tackle
the third world immigration into our
cities and the crime being committed in
multicultural success story areas and
ghettos in london division in
communities is creating this cultural
tension we need to stop the division
stop these ghettos and start thinking
about the people that we employ
into this country are we importing the
best and by the way the people here are
they the best people that we brought in
already
if people aren't working if people
aren't contributing then why have we got
them here shouldn't we have an
immigration policy that's sensible
an immigration policy that favors people
who are working I mean an immigration
policy that favors people will people
with similar cultural norms to us
shouldn't we be doing that I think
that's one elements this another one is
used stop and search in dangerous areas
Lewisham police have shown it's happened
Sadiq Khan's got this mental policy of
targeted stop and search which just
means regular old policing let's start
with real stop and search in dangerous
areas and finally we need to start
tightening up the sentencing I don't
want to see people who getting 12 hours
community service for carrying around
large hunting knives or zombie knives no
no no no more eighty five quid fines
let's toughen up the sentencing for
people carrying ground seriously
dangerous weapons in these areas if
you're caught carrying a zombie knife I
want to see you go to prison I want to
see people put off from doing this kind
of thing I want tougher action from the
police I want tougher action from the
politicians and for God's steps for
God's sake let's stop focusing on butter
knives if you want to see more from me
and the rest of the rebel team be sure
to download our new app from the Apple
App Store and the Google Play Store
you
