America is hoping for another
presidential pardon dinesh d'souza got
his yesterday and samantha bee took her
non-comedic comedy way too far all of
that today on the rebel buzz I touched
on Matthew Charles's story in
yesterday's video but I think that his
story in his life and his circumstances
deserve their own segment so I feel kind
of a personal tug on my heartstrings
because of this man because he's from my
home state or birth state of Tennessee
in 1996 Charles was sentenced to 35
years in the big house after being
convicted of drug dealing with
aggravated circumstances charles was
released in 2016 after commutations were
issued by the Obama administration for
drug offenders he had served 21 years of
his 35 year sentence then this year a
court determined that Matthew Charles
did not qualify for clemency and he must
serve the remainder of his sentence from
the government's perspective prior
criminal history renders him ineligible
his attorneys and much of America since
learning of his case argue that he is a
shining example of a rehabilitated
inmate and that society is not well
served by placing Charles back in
federal custody Charles not only was an
exemplary inmate while he was in prison
that his behavior since his release
shows that he has become a responsible
and contributory citizen he has gained
employment he rented an apartment he
bought a car he attends church every
week he volunteers regularly and you you
scroll through his Facebook and you find
family pictures pictures of food because
we all like posting pictures of the food
that we're eating Bible verses
inspirational posts he posted something
inspirational this one out the door to
buy me a cup of coffee and be a blessing
whether I receive any or not however
when you're when you be a blessing you
are automatically blessed so strive to
be a blessing every day celebrities
politicians and news outlets have all
expressed support for a presidential
pardon for Matthew Charles
of justin amash tweeted this our
criminal justice system shouldn't be
like this
our government is destroying lives I'll
continue to push for a reform and I hope
others in Congress will join me at POTUS
please consider commutation for Matthew
Charles and others in similar
circumstances conservative blogger Matt
Walsh tweeted this deer at real Donald
Trump since you're issuing pardons today
please don't forget about Matthew
Charles and conservative news outlet the
Federalist published an article titled
why president Trump should commute the
sentence of Matthew Charles the article
asserts that President Trump has an
opportunity to look past the
black-and-white stringency of our legal
code and issue a pardon for a man whose
story and life warrants a second chance
so what's more important making sure
that someone serves out the full extent
of their punishment for the rest of
their life no matter what personal
improvements or gains they've made or
incentivizing inmates to rehabilitate
themselves and become productive
citizens once given a second chance food
for thought and Obama turned the White
House into a presidential party pad but
Trump is turning it into a presidential
pardon pad as I discussed yesterday
president Trump posthumously pardoned
boxing champion Jack Johnson and he is
on a roll Dinesh D'Souza who served a
sentence for an FEC violation that is
often punished by just a fine unless you
are a conservative Preet Bharara the US
attorney for the Southern District of
New York sentenced him to five years of
probation in addition to that
probationary term according to an FBI
press release he was also sentenced to a
community center a mandatory eight-hour
day of a day of community service every
week for his five-year term of probation
weekly counseling sessions I wonder what
those involved and ordered him to pay
$30,000 fine as well as $100.00 special
assessment under President Obama D'Souza
was used as a messengers who set an
example that you better not oppose the
Obama administration Rosie O'Donnell's
campaign finance violations were
exponentially more egregious then Dinesh
D'Souza's and her crimes went virtually
unnoticed but D'Souza admitted to his
crime he did his time and he paid his
vine and now he has the last laugh after
the President issued him a full pardon
Dinesh then tweeted this karma is a
bitch department at Preet Bharara wanted
to destroy a fellow Indian American to
advance his career then he got fired and
I got pardoned that's likely the best
tweet that you will see all week
maybe all month Dinesh this is a
well-deserved pardon and I couldn't be
happier for you you initially got
screwed but today President Obama served
up a delicious slice of justice pie eat
and be merry drinks on me the next time
we meet and to wrap up our rebel buzz
today unfunny lady Samantha be called
Ivanka Trump a see-you-next-tuesday
samantha has a show on TBS called full
frontal and during her monologue in
addition to calling Ivanka the c-word
she told Ivanka to put on something
tight and low-cut and tell your father
to effing stop it
stop what improving international
relations with countries who have been
threatening their region and the entire
world for three decades
stop decreasing unemployment and
increasing wealth stop catching and
prosecuting dangerous ms-13 criminals
sorry I'm I'm not sure what he's doing
that you want him to stop exactly no
I've only seen her show a few times but
I think she is about as funny as a couch
cushion and if she had said this about
Obama's daughters I wonder what the
reaction would have been
she would have been yanked off air
before the next commercial break even
aired so will TBS fire her for her
comments in the wake of Roseanne's
comments about Valerie Jarrett just like
the NFL and
and any other private enterprise they
have the right to hire and fire whoever
they want now it's pretty clear that
they are not going to fire her so now it
is up to us to stop watching so stop
watching all of you who are super
outraged and triggered over this change
the channel take that conviction and
outrage that you feel over this and put
it into action stop patronizing these
jerks I know it might disrupt your
lifestyle a little bit and you might
have to find something else to watch but
trust me there are plenty more worthy
programs out there for you to watch or
for goodness sakes pick up a book go
start this weekend everybody have a
great Friday thanks so much for watching
I'm Amanda head for the rebel if you
enjoyed my commentary and opinions we
have an unlimited supply of them here at
the rebels so subscribe to our premium
content at
www.osr.wa.gov.au/payrollenquiry
