yeah
I'm Angela van it's June 1st you're
watching battleground
just turned on my earphone I didn't know
we're alive there folks I'm glad you're
joining us thank you my name is Ezra
Levant I'm the president of the rebel
dot media were based in Canada but we
have viewers around the world and we
have talent around the world and for one
year our friend Tommy Robinson was our
UK star he did over a hundred videos for
us leaving this spring to go independent
it was an amicable way so we obviously
support his journalism and his ideology
namely speaking truth to power talking
about things that the establishment does
not want talked about we constantly were
fighting the tension between letting
Tommy be Tommy and protecting him from
the risks of that in my mind there were
always two risks the risks to his
physical safety being attacked by
would-be jihadist and also their legal
risks he was always being watched
extremely closely and I would put it to
you with a malicious bias by the
authorities who would rather deal with
him he was inconvenient they would
rather lock him up then lock up the
thousands of Muslim rape gangs in the
country I have news for you today
I have news in the form of video video
taken outside the courthouse in Leeds UK
where tommy was arrested for videoing
outside the courthouse I'll get into
that in a minute but first before I do
them and he explained what we do here
every day at 12:00 noon eastern time
5:00 p.m. UK time that's 9 a.m. on the
west coast of North America we do what's
called a super chat that's an invention
by Google and YouTube it allows me to
talk to you live I'm live right now and
you can make comments in the right-hand
panel there and as you can see there's
so many comments I can't possibly see
them all while talking to you in a
meaningful way but if you want your
comment to stand out you can make it in
bright colors that's called a super chat
it costs a few bucks but I'm happy to
say the money comes to us in the form of
ad revenue so it's a way to help keep
the lights on here at the rebel I'm
gonna read a couple of super chats that
have come in immediately and then I'm
gonna play for you
seven video clips that were given to me
last night by a by a viewer by someone
who's been watching these shows and they
sent me an email to Ezra at the rebel
media and I clicked and I thought my god
she's right
and I I followed up on the research last
night that she was doing and that's what
we're going to talk about today but
first let me give you the courtesy of
reading the super chat from folks who
tipped in thank you for that
Craig MacDonald said I think Trudeau
severed all other pipelines but trans
mountain expansion on purpose in order
to have control over Canada's only
pipeline to Tidewater you think Trudeau
not only Horgan manufactured the
pipeline crisis Craig that's a great
question and it's probably one that
confuses our international viewers
because it's a domestic question about
oil pipeline capacity in short my answer
is no I don't think that this was
planned I think that gives too much
credit to true know I think they're
genuinely against all pipelines but they
realize that that's becoming a larger
issue both economically in terms of
Canada's business reputation and
politically and this 4.5 billion dollars
is just kicking the can down the road to
get Rachel Notley elected and Trudeau
reelected that's my theory UK for brexit
better out 2-pound says cheers for your
support rebel well thanks very much
speaking the UK we had a full hour or 45
minute interview with Gerard batten the
new leader of the UK Independence Party
you kept and that was for our paywall
subscribers yesterday but I'm actually
going to email an unlocked version of
that to our 152,000 supporters in the UK
I think I see one more super chat before
I get into the heart of the matter and
and for those of you who were super
chatting I promise I will come back to
your comments later but I have news
today Scott Jones the actual journalist
didn't livestream it illegally well
thank you Scott that is exactly what
we're going to be talking about today I
see a comment from loki game or any info
on a parent family visit
cancellation I would have been in touch
with the family this morning and I
understand that a visit has been
scheduled for the lawyer today I presume
it has proceeded but I have not followed
up because of the time zones I would
hope and imagine that that visit did
happen today but as you point out it was
Gerard batten himself who says the
families visit yesterday was canceled
all right I'm gonna take a break from
the super chats because I want to show
you what we have here today just to
recap last Friday seven days ago Tommy
Robinson was standing outside the Leeds
County Court there was a rape trial
going on not just any old rape trail but
trial about a gang rape trial 29 accused
of whom 27 were men who were women
almost all of them were Muslim many of
them were named Mohammed this is a fact
that was published widely in the United
Kingdom including on the state
broadcaster the BBC Tommy Robinson
attended the trial on Friday on a class
day the day of the verdict being
rendered in fact some of the criminal
accused were at court with their prison
backs in case they were being sent away
I had their toothbrush and whatnot in
him Tommy Robinson did not stand on
court property he did not call them
convicts he called them accused rapist
he denying calling rapists for example
he was careful where he stood he was
careful what he said and he did not talk
about any goings on in the trial itself
how would you know he wasn't in there he
gave a running commentary on the larger
political forum of the phenomenon of
rape gangs and yet he was arrested by
seven police thrown in the back of a
police van and hours later was sent to
prison for 13 months
just for those I mean I can't imagine
people who are watching this now have
not seen the arrest video but let's play
that arrest for you know just once I
have seven new clips for you today but I
think it's actually a good idea to show
this clip of Tommy last week because I
want to remind you what the courthouse
looks like the actual street where Tommy
was standing because I'm going to show
you seven other videos little clips from
the same courthouse from the same trial
let's start with this
this is this is this is ridiculous do
you feel what you're doing it I haven't
said a word he does I in fact someone
laid their hand and assaulted me a
strike or other people I've written me
about my mother and Here I am being
arrested for saying nothing anything
about what arrest me for me
can you please George that's the video
has the buzzing there's the buzzing down
Justin can you give me a feedback is the
buzzing okay there's still a bit of
buzzing there folks we're working on it
I want to let you know that I'm sorry
about that I didn't notice that and so I
looked at the comments while that was
playing is it good enough to to proceed
all right thanks for your patience folks
I'm sorry I was buzzing there I didn't
actually tell you any news there I was
giving a recap I was explaining the
reason why I was showing that old
footage is because I'm going to show you
seven other video clips taken at the
exact same place I'm gonna show you
other video clips of other journalists
both citizen journalists and mainstream
media filming the same thing that Tommy
filmed at the same courthouse in fact
closer to the courthouse in some cases
on the stairs and the front patio or the
front foyer of the courthouse and saying
not alleged rapist accused that rapist
but rapist
unlike Tommy's more careful wording
implying that they were guilty before
conviction I'm going to show you seven
different clips of that and I'm the
reason in case you missed it that this
is important is that only Tommy Robinson
was arrested by seven police only Tommy
Robinson was held in contempt of court
and only Tommy Robinson was sent to
prison for 13 months not these other
people I'm going to show you people who
do not say alleged rapists accused
rapists they say rapists I'm going to
show you people who really were causing
a disturbance and you can understand why
raping dozens of girls for years yeah
that's gonna cause a disturbance when
those rapists those accused rapists come
to trial I'm going to show you people
standing right up against the doors of
the court
I'm gonna show you cameras both citizen
cameras of the amateur sort a cellphone
and I'm going to show you mainstream
media
big TV cameras on tripods and finally
I'm going to show you view counts
because these videos that were sent to
me by a keen-eyed viewer were from
YouTube and you can see that these
videos have thousands and in some case
tens of thousands of views and you'll
note that the judge last week who
sentenced Tommy to prison for 13 months
claimed that it was the size of Tommy's
audience there was a factor I'm gonna
show you these videos in one minute but
I want to make clear why I'm showing
them to you I am NOT showing them to you
so that these other journalists I'm
about to show these another citizen
journalists citizen activists or
mainstreaming them journals
I'm not showing these to you so that
they go to prison too so that they're
held in contempt of court - I'm not
looking for the standard to be all of
these people should be jailed the
opposite I'm looking to show to you what
Tommy Robinson did was being done by
many others I'm just gonna show you a
few clips and that he should not be
sentenced to 13 months in prison just
like the others who did the same thing
we're not sentence so let me set up this
first clip by chance I know this man I
met him with Tommy I actually mentioned
his name on the show yesterday his name
is Mohan Singh and once you meet him
you'll never forget him because he's
quite a sight to behold
he dresses in traditional sikh garb he
carries a sword you don't forget meeting
a guy like that and he is a Sikh version
of Tommy Robinson what can I say other
than fashion sense the guys are actually
very similar in their focus in their
language
this guy Mohan Singh he leads something
called the Sikh awareness Society
because as I have alluded before
the vast majority of young girls
targeted by these Muslim rankings are
white British girls
but these Muslim rankings also target
Sikh girls
Sikhism as you know is a different
religion from Islam they are usually
brown skin people so they're not white
British but Sikhs are British like
anyone else can be Muslim rape gangs
target white British girls and to an
extent they target Sikh girls they do
not target Muslim girls Mohan Singh is
deeply concerned about this the same way
Tommy Robinson is Mohan Singh has also
engaged in citizen journalism like Tommy
Robinson has and I say again my goal
here is not for Mohan Singh to get into
contempt of court trouble it's the
opposite it's to show the irregular
erratic selective application of justice
the irregular erratic outraged by the
judge do you have the picture of the
judge staring down from the courthouse
let's show that before I show these
clips remember what happened on Friday
the judge in the case in Leeds heard
from some court police that tommy was
outside and I say again it wasn't a fuss
the fuss only came when the seven cops
came to arrest him was Tommy by himself
he was Tommy Bice and by himself looking
in his cellphone video for 70 minutes
just chatting the judge looked down and
said ah Tommy Robinson hey well arrest
him and bring him to me surely that same
judge would have seen the hullabaloo
outside the court on these video clips
I'm about to show you some of which have
dozens of you there's the judge there's
the judge looking down from the Leeds
County Court of Tommy and Shirley saying
bring him to me all right without
further ado we've got we've got 1285
folks watching now I think it's time to
show you the news I'm gonna play a
two-minute clip of Mohan Singh and I'm
gonna play it with the little you could
take that image down now
I'm gonna play you a two-minute clip of
Mohan Singh and it's gonna start with
his little intro graphics and I've kept
those in there and there's a little
music and there's some I think it's I
think the language is Punjabi I think
I'm gonna leave that in there so you
know that this is a little bit produced
it's a citizen journalist this is an
official thing without further comment
look at these next two minutes
oh hi Whittaker Khalsa Vaheguru ji ki
Fateh satsangi we're outside the Leeds
Crown Court Appa Leeds Crown Court a a
geek Kareena the objective is by child
abuse Randy's trial
Paula Murray hearing here twenty-seven
child abusers on trial here today at
Leeds Franco out of which two women out
of the 27
- were also from Punjabi background so
somebody these men took advantage of
young and vulnerable young children's
children as young as 11 in our eyes the
babies they abused very very young
children for over a number of years and
you know the the charges against them
range from trafficking rape racially
aggravated assault supply of Class A
drugs in the heroin Nyonya cocaine
false imprisonment child abduction
taking indecent images of children
extreme pornographic material an actual
bodily harm abduction these people have
done things that you know you and me
might never be able to imagine so -
lusaka decade I become sad day Betina
Betina de naal as small curvature
all right you see Mohan Singh is quite a
character isn't he
he cuts quite a figure he had some
language that I think it was pink
Punjabi and then he switched into
perfect English
and he basically said what Tommy said
but he was not as legally careful was he
he did not say alleged or accused he
said they were rapists and again that's
that's a common parlance if you're not
legally careful he had a camera he had a
big old microphone so he wasn't just
doing a little a little cell phone cam
was he he had a big camera and he said
what they did he said it was horrific he
described it and he described it as a
fact not as an allegation and I say
again I admire Mohan Singh I had the
pleasure of medium actually I met him in
Sunderland with Tommy when we went to
meet Chelsea right if you remember that
case justice for Chelsea I really like
this Mohan Singh but you see all the
cops behind them
they're talking about the case without
any of the niceties and careful and the
carrots that Tommy took you know how
many views on this video last night
when I first watched it thirty two
thousand nine hundred and forty one we
just played it again so that counts a
little bit higher
thirty two thousand people saw this
video I just played the first two
minutes for you I'm gonna play another
house the buzzing by the way is it
better I want to show another the next
two minutes and a half because this is
for those of you who know that Tommy
Robinson read out the names of the
accused from the BBC website we'll take
a look at Mohan Singh doing the exact
same thing take a look
Tsukuba this ass indeed if I just give
you a quick list of all the defendants
here in this trial edge amazing pair
evolve if an armored as if Basile is I
the Sun man sued her son Muhammad , and
Israel for what is filled Muhammad is
van Islam update Iran Mohammad Asif and
is another secret sing verse on men soon
after nice armored Muhammad Nam
Hamza Ali Salim Ave a casement Mahmood
Nevada Habib Sana's actor Malik he's 55
can you imagine a 55 year old abusing 11
year old child sauce in the G desert
Hussain Sagar Hussain Muhammad was
phasma deen mohammed azim muhammad imran
a bar and muhammad sahib revealed he's
from deadly Shabaab Ahmet Osman Khalid
aleem Javed you know these these people
ranging from the ages of 27 upwards and
the oldest is 55 in his trial and the
youngest victim is 11 year old and from
11 to 16 17 they've been abusing these
these victims over a number of years
Sangha jail and these these they've
abused a lot of young people 25 young
people have come forward and put the
sort of charges against them
these are filthy child abuse Assad
Sangha G and I don't understand I cannot
understand why the community their
community is not speaking up about it I
cannot understand so if we don't speak
up about something then satsangha G are
they aiding and abetting this crime are
we aiding abetting when we don't speak
up in my books if you're silent about a
crime like this you are aiding and
abetting the criminals
we're reporting on the behalf of SAS and
the occult Channel and we'll keep you
updated with this case as it sort of
carries on so rival jika culture rival
ji ki Fateh
I gotta tell you you change the accent a
bit you close your eyes those are the
words Tommy says except for Tommy it's
more careful tommy said alleged and
accused he read the names she said Tommy
read the names and how he ended there we
can't be silent if you're silent you're
complicit have I not just shown you the
Sikh version the Tommy Robinson a little
bit lower energy a little bit older a
little bit calmer citizen journalist you
bet he's got the tripod he's got a bit
of a boom mic there he's got you know a
little bit of graphics not quite as
fancy as Tommy would do he showed the
images of the accused
he didn't even government keep these
it's called the rapist and I say again
I'm not looking for Mohan Singh to be
aggressive her contempt of court I love
Mohan Singh I had the pleasure medium
courtesy of Tommy 32,000 people watch
that video of course the judge knew and
of course the cops saw it
you can't miss Mohan Singh
from that same video and we're going to
skip it you should watch the whole video
you can find it in a second on YouTube
go to the seek Awareness Society they've
got a whole page of these
in fact we're going to put it in the
description we'll put the original links
so it'll be easy to find enough to poke
around in YouTube here's the third clip
this is about a minute and a half and I
show you this because so far Mohan Singh
is pretty pretty calm right well he
wasn't alone there take a look when
things got a bit rambunctious look
another one
I'll talk politics in a second but I'm
filled with rage and sorrow why were
they shouting pedo because of course
they were raping girls as long as Jen
there's 11 and not just grabbed them on
forestry rape them and flee raped them
again and again and again and again turn
them into rape slaves which is the thing
in the Koran you should read it one day
it could be Tommy's version of the Koran
he took the Quran and he annotated that
he explained it's called Muhammad's
Quran best-selling book in the UK did
you see Mohan singing sort of joined the
group obviously he was more restrained
than some of the others remember when
Tommy was picked up I showed you the
video about 15 minutes ago they said
that Tommy was causing a disturbance
breaching the peace no he wasn't was he
Tommy was speaking in his indoor voice
as he would say into his cell phone
camera for 70 minutes by himself Tommy
didn't breach the peace is what you just
saw there would you call that a breach
of the peace I actually wouldn't I would
call it boisterous but it never got out
of hand and I think it was proportionate
and I think it was appropriate and the
police obviously had things well under
control there was no attempt by anyone
there to get physically violent they
just wanted to make themselves heard
because dozens of young girls had been
raped for years and the men were finally
and two women were finally being brought
to court why did I show you these three
videos to four oh yeah three I should do
we have an image of the view counts can
we show that I just want to show you
that final piece of evidence here you
see the view canvasses
so this was published a year ago Leeds
County Court Li's Crown Court excuse me
thirty two thousand nine hundred and
forty-one views you see that I've only
shown you about five minutes the video
it's it's nine minutes and thirty
seconds long so that's Mohan Singh so
what did Mohan Singh who I admire do
that Tommy didn't do they both had
cameras
Mohan Singh's camera was bigger and on a
tripod and he had a big microphone
they both named the accused
except for Tommy called them accused and
Mohan called them rapists I don't mind
Mohan one bit because I think he's right
they both discussed the case in a
political sense that's right the
difference is there was a bit of a scene
in on this occasion but not with Tommy
so who was arrested by seven cops and
who was sent to prison for thirteen
months but it wasn't just Mohan Singh I
want to show you another video from
January of this year can we show the
video and the ten thousand views on it
this next video was posted on January
9th of this year and you can see it has
over ten thousand views uploaded by
someone named Mark Vernon I assume he's
a citizen journalist
and let's play the first clip this is
about a minute and a half and we're
going to freeze it because there's
something I want to show you when we
freeze it three minutes and 50 seconds
in so actually the I'm just going to
play a 30 second clip freeze it and the
last frame please
you
um what's that near the lamp post there
in the center right there's two big
professional mainstream media TV cameras
actually play the clip from play this
same clip from the beginning again
because there's a moment where you can
see it I think a little bit clearer just
play that clip again thank you Justin
sorry to make demands of you on the fly
we're doing this I don't plan these
lunch times right there there you see
there on the Left there's at least two
cameras on tripods those are not citizen
journalists those cameras there are tens
of thousands of they're out of the
screen now but they're you know it'll
come back in a second those cameras are
in tens of thousands of dollars depends
on when they were purchased they might
even be over a hundred thousand dollars
the tripods alone are over a thousand
dollars there yeah that is not citizen
journalists so what have we here same
court same trial same building
covering the same case
but no legal consequences for them and I
don't want there to be by the way a play
from this same video the the clip of
them chanting here's a 30-second clip of
disturbing the peace
I don't know compared to Tommy take a
look I've heard that chant before it's
an old chance it's used by both the left
and the right I've heard an Tifa use it
and I've heard the soccer right use it
in the UK whose streets our streets
whose streets our streets Muslim PTO's
off our streets you heard the chant
but it ain't true is it
it's not the streets of the British
people there yeah they were on the
street but
they are
at bay they are not represented in the
halls of power whether it's the press
the politicians the police the
prosecutors the professor's sorry guys
that ain't your streets in facts when
Tommy thought it was his street he was
arrested and thrown in prison for 13
months
this next one-minute clip from this this
is again filmed on january 9th the same
trial
same courthouse same accused lots of
cops let me show you the police getting
right in the thick of it to stop a
breach of the peace and I asked you
again to compare this to Tommy Robinson
who was quiet using his indoors for his
talking by himself into his cell phone
and how that was disturbing the peace
but this wasn't
let's go let's go come on your face is
on far yeah
we're protecting them for us what I want
to know or you're protecting them from
way for your kicks
yo son Neffe knows
why you're protecting and well the
answer to that is because in the United
Kingdom we have the rule of law we don't
believe in vigilante justice we believe
in innocent till proven guilty just like
we do in other civilized parts of the
world that's the real answer the
question wasn't actually literal I think
it was figurative why are you protecting
him you why is the whole society
protecting them the police the press the
prosecution the professor's the all the
fancy people I think that's what he
meant I think he I think that protester
felt powerless and Tommy gave not power
but at least a voice to the powerless
but the reason I showed you that clip a
clip that it's been seen 10,000 times on
YouTube is to show you just how close
that I'm not going to call it a mob that
gaggle of protesters got right up
against him right up against the cops
right up against the doors of the court
they probably could have reached out and
tons punched or touched and accused no
arrests there and I and there should not
have been I mean there was nothing worth
a reasonable reason to arrest there but
Tommy was arrested I have another video
that I'll show you in a moment but I
have not talked about super chats in a
while and there's a bunch of them and I
want to read them because thank you for
chipping into the super chats that's
helped us helps us pay the bills here
the rebel amber palace says I think
Katie was wrong on Tucker about Tommy
Katie said a number of things so please
clarify what you thought she was wrong
about I before I can respond I think I
need some clarity on what you mean
mark hooker says Ezra 2,000 protesters
in Leeds right now very interesting I
see rumors and and tweets about a
protest here a protest there I don't
know who's organizing them and I don't
know what's wishful thinking and what's
actually being planned sometimes it's
possible to get a group of people to
organically show up at a protest easily
other times it takes a lot of muscle to
organize so that would be quite
something to have 2,000 protesters and
leads
that would I would guess that would need
some organizational muscle maybe it's
Tommy's friends who have stood by him in
many other ways but if that's true I'd
like some footage of that and we'll
certainly talk about it next week Ezra's
first a regular says keep up the good
work Ezra after Chad opened to all thank
you I'm just gonna read a few more super
chats Stuart Oldfield ten-pound says our
friends from our colonies the English
are so racist we have so many friends
the world must be racist
well that Mohan Singh isn't he great and
isn't it ironic that someone who is a
not an indigenous Brit he's a Sikh man
although he's acting I don't know enough
about British accents I don't know if he
was born in the UK or just has a I don't
know if he emigrated there but you heard
him he's saying how can we be silent and
although he's very focused on Sikhs
because Sikh girls are being targeted he
was at this trial where British girls
were the victims as well so isn't it
something that Mohan Singh cares more
about the well-being of indigenous
British girls than most Brits do Darren
Ward is that video date-stamped well I
think we're going to put the links to
those YouTube videos in the underneath
the video here what's that call the show
more the theory yeah I see the links
right there so you can find the Sikh
awareness video maybe we could put that
other video that that Vernon video under
there - thank you no rush on that I have
one more clip I'd like to show you this
is taken May 11th 2017 or that's when
it's uploaded same court same trial same
defendants this has 30,000 views and I
think it's just a quick clip I think we
just have 16 seconds take a look
um if you actually go online to these
YouTube videos you'll see so many more
YouTube videos because you notice that a
lot of the people they just have a
little cell phone Mohan Singh I had a
whole rig right here you had a little
bit of equipment normal people don't
have that boom mic or that big stick mic
I mean
they don't have a tripod like who has a
tripod you have to sort of be in a
camera's to have that but you might have
seen there with some normal people with
just little cell phones they filmed I
presume that's what this mr. Vernon did
a lot of people there a lot of videos on
different days cumulatively
hundreds of thousands of views and
what's important to point out and it's
the point I'm trying to make with
today's show is that this was done with
the full observation and at least
passive approval of the police and the
judge there were a lot of police there
they did not react it with any pro
activity or any aggression to what
happened there were some shouts
pedophiles rapists Muslim pathos off our
streets whose streets our streets
there were shouts there were accusations
but the police felt it was all in hand
and they wanted to let people have their
verbal saying the police did not touch
anyone did not push anyone did not
caution anyone certainly did not arrest
anyone and absolutely did not take
anyone before the judge for a contempt
of court hearing to be sentenced for 13
months and I put it to you if you
contrast this coverage
other citizens journalists and I
mentioned Mohan Singh only because he in
so many ways replicated what Tommy did
and said reading the names making
general political commentary having an
independent sort of citizen journalist
media channel would you not agree with
my contention that everyone I have shown
you today and there are many more videos
out there I just don't need to show you
the same thing ten times would you not
agree with me that everyone I have just
shown you has done everything Tommy did
but more more loudly more aggressively
more closely to the court more closely
to the accused more brazenly not saying
alleged or accused rapist saying they
are actual rapists or pedophiles would
you not say that what they have done is
more of a breach of the peace than what
Tommy did and again I say that nothing I
observed here in my mind warrants a
contempt of court conviction and yet
only Tommy was swept off the streets
Hall before the judge and sent to prison
for 13 months the hearing was so quick
that Tommy God it was shorter than the
duration of his Facebook livestream the
judge did not even review the evidence
upon which he sentenced that's sort of
like Allison but Gerland verdict first
trial second yeah you're guilty yeah we
don't even need to look at the evidence
Tommy because you taught me Robinson
maybe if Tommy Robinson was Sikh and had
a couple of notches lower energy and and
was doing it in Punjabi maybe Tommy
wouldn't be in jail I say again I
support Mohan Singh do you understand
the point of today's show the point of
today's show is a little bit like the
other day when I took you through other
contempt of court convictions and
sentences we showed the
the page I think it's Judiciary dot gov
dot uk' I'm going from memory very easy
to find a list of every contempt of
court ruling in the UK it's a great
website very easy very interesting
reading and I focused on two cases the
other day one in Salsbury when Jake Cook
kept on breaking the same court order
and not showing up breaking his bail and
the judge said aw you're a good guy
you've broken the rules so many times
but you say you're getting your life
back together because you're getting
into the music business so no jail time
for you and in the case of Aisha Ali
Khan the former pretty assistant think
George Galloway the UK politician
they're in litigation to court orders
limiting public discussion of it I shall
II can doesn't control herself breaches
the to court orders not once but 26
times she was given time to prepare time
to hire excellent lawyers go to court
and 26 breaches of to court orders yeah
she was ordered to do 12 weeks in jail
not 13 months there's a lot more super
chest coming in so I'm gonna catch up on
those I'm sorry I was I just I felt like
I wanted to put my evidence in front of
you Nick Hill if they are jihadists
raping children for submission than to
call them pedos is plain wrong it's much
much worse well it's not an allegation
it is a proven confession testimony that
many of these rape gangs do invoke Islam
and the fact that the British indigenous
girls they rape are infidels and the
fact that they target indigenous white
British girls and Sikh girls and they do
it with an Islamic character it's not a
coincidence and I have had the mixed
blessing of meeting a Yazidi rape slave
she was in Germany she had been raped
she told me she lost count after 240
times raped by Muslim jihadists in Syria
Iraq so yeah it's in the Koran rape
slavery same thing one real journalism
from rebel media Thank You Ezra well I
appreciate that these video clips came
from a tip from a viewer so I'm glad I
read that email and took the time to
watch the videos northern Jackalope says
this is why you never give up free
speech or your freedoms make the UK
great again and the socialist policy
Thanks Ezra for reporting this sir well
you're welcome what is the political
stripe of the UK government today though
is it socialist is it left-wing they
call themselves conservatives
this has been going on for longer than
the Conservatives have been in power
it's both under labor and the
Conservatives and this has been going on
in other countries too and I fear it has
a toehold here in Canada now too
it's not a partisan stripe and I
wouldn't even say it's an ideological
stripe
one of the interesting things spending
time with Tommy that I did I'm not
visiting Tommy maybe half a dozen times
was that so many of his supporters would
consider themselves traditional labor
voters Sunderland is like a 100 percent
labour town almost but they're British
right their left-wing but they're
British and they are supporting Tommy I
don't think they would call themselves
right-wing they're the Forgotten people
their working-class Brits they have been
abandoned by those who claim to care
about them kapa Nassau says Tommy
Robinson was lynched a UK revolution is
the only answer well I think that it is
not yet time to go to a revolution in
the literal sense of that word I think
there are still instruments of peaceful
power and that's what we said the other
day about freedom of speech you know the
old saying take away all my freedoms
except freedom of speech and with that
I'll win the others back that's why the
press censorship is so odious that's why
the censorship on Twitter Facebook
YouTube Google is so odious they shut
down Tommy on Twitter a few months ago
why when Tommy was with us
Facebook banned one of his accounts why
you don't have to follow me on Twitter
if you don't want you have to follow on
Facebook you don't want so we have to
use the tools that our disposal the
Democratic legal tools at our disposal
first
amber Powell about Katie Ann Tucker says
it just seemed that she pushed the
racist far-right MSM accusations even
acting like he was dumb well and I think
that's similar to what Nigel Faraj said
and I disagree with that I Tommy is
smart and I am NOT saying that as a
compliment
he just is you can be very bright
without having formal schooling in fact
these days anyone who follows professor
Jordan Peterson or the state of modern
academia knows that you can actually get
Dumber if you go to college with the
wrong professors Tommy is very clever
he seems well-read to me I don't know
what he reads his vocabulary is strong
any salt sand peppers it with lots of
profanity I learn a lot of funny words
from Tommy but he's no dummy and those
who say that he got in trouble because
he was being dumb
watch his 70 minute livestream he was
thoughtful and careful
he always said accused and alleged he
minded where he was walking and he
didn't say anything that wasn't already
in the public domain
but it wasn't dumbness or stupidity that
got him arrested
that's blaming the victim here I think
Tom young John the judge was biased
against Tommy I don't know if he was
biased biased implies implies something
I think more than we know what we know
is the judge did not review the whole
tape the judge did not let Tommy consult
with a lawyer who knew his case the
judge did not allow Tommy to get an
expert in contempt of court
and the judge was extremely hasty to
take a man from the street to prison
within hours we know that now whether it
was motivated by personal frustration or
bias I do not know but I believe it
ought to be appealed are there any other
super chats that I've missed let me
scroll through I think there's two more
let me
you
okay my treble talk about Jada Frandsen
- I see that from v6 Jada Frandsen I
have met her once she was the deputy
leader of Britain first she was also
someone who tweeted three videos and
Donald Trump retweeted her and that
caused such an outlaw uproar in the UK
about Jada France and Britain first and
Paul Golding her partner who was the
president leader I don't know enough
about Jada and Paul to vouch for them in
the same way I can vouch for Tommy but
they were arrested and sentenced to
prison for similar scrutiny of Muslims
in the UK I don't know enough about the
case to comment on it substantively but
I do know that Paul Golding was attacked
in prison by a Muslim extremist because
of course British prisons are run by
Muslim gangs couple more super Chad
Stuart Oldfield our friends from Arco I
have read that went already
Islamists use petrol dollars to invest
in corporate media and leftist political
campaigns they fund Soros has railed
proxy for fake philanthropies well
sorrow certainly has enough of his own
money I think he's worth 14 billion or
whatever so he doesn't need petrol
dollars to invest in left-wing causes
but yet for sure the one of the largest
investors in Twitter is Prince Alwaleed
of Saudi Arabia he has a very particular
view on Islam doesn't he I would say
he's frankly more liberal than the many
in Saudi Arabia but make no mistake
about it the media in the West are so
desperate for cash a Saudi comes in and
says okay I'll just skip the Rolls Royce
this week I'll skip the super yacht this
month and I'll buy myself and a legacy
newspaper from the West that has a
century of reputation but it's virtually
bankrupt
I'll just buy that as a trinket and I'll
put it to my own service
just checking to make sure I haven't
missed any other super chats if I have
I'm sure the team will bring it to my
attention
well it's so 49 already time certainly
flies I'm gonna read a few more comments
I'm just going to check to make sure
I've got through all my points here you
know what actually I'm until this but
this week we were very busy talking
about Tommy I want to show you and so
normally what we do is we talk about
other things so there was a question
earlier about the Kinder Morgan trans
mountain pipeline and Justin Trudeau and
I know I didn't do that question justice
but I just think I go on for too long
about that on this show today but I will
come back about another day one of the
things we do other days when we're less
jammed up as we run little hands to tell
you what we're up to here at the rebel
and I haven't run a lot of those this
week we just hadn't at the time but we
have our first documentary that we made
here the rebel it's actually when we
went to Iraq last year in in July don't
go to Iraq in July don't go to Iraq at
all if you can help it and if you go
don't go in July it was there's a 43
degrees Celsius what's that like 190
Fahrenheit or something it was hot
I'll stop complaining about the heat
because much more horrific things were
happening than that we were there to
document the genocide perpetrated
against Christians by the Islamic state
I already talked about rape slavery so
we we made a documentary out of our
video it's called save the Christians
calm and here's a little trailer about
that movie
even do the no emotion
Essaouira happen s ro dah dah bah bah
bah bah humbag be done on the planet
Oh Canada
I knew Carla Walter aslam own personal
Islam
mission Baba
yeah that's out now so you can watch
that online video on-demand or you can
get a DVD of your old school
I think that's relevant a little bit we
interviewed Christians who had been
driven out of Christian towns that had
been there for 1,400 years I mean they
still pray in Aramaic
that's the ancient language that Jesus
spoke it's so 52i I was just thinking
more about Tommy and the Sikhs and the
other day I mentioned that when I first
met Tommy he was accompanied by his
childhood friend who happens to be black
Tommy's a Philo Semite that can testify
from personal observation and Tommy
loves the Sikhs because partly because
of his friendship with Mohan Singh but
he studied Sikhism and he's I mean like
I said Tommy is no dummy
I wouldn't want to go head-to-head with
Tommy on any subject that he seeks that
he professes to be an expert on Islam
Luton rape gangs Sikhism politics don't
don't think that because a guy has a
working-class accent that he's done that
is the snobbery of the five P
professionals
that's the snobbery of Piers Morgan I
think Piers knows Tommy smart I want to
show you a short video do you have that
secret I just sent you this is one of
the shortest videos Tommy ever did for
the rebel I think it's only 90 seconds
but it was perfect and let me just show
it to you take a look
oh we're in Birmingham where we've come
to this temple where they're having a
little demonstration to get together to
show that Sikhs stand against what
happened in Manchester so many times the
Sikh community wrongly identified as
problematic by an educated people so
across the country seeks I've spent last
six seven years forming relationships
with Sikhs across the country and we
couldn't ask and no one could ask for a
better minority group a more loyal or
more patriotic and more hard-working
group of people so the fact that after
after said after September 11 / Sikhs
were killed after the Lee Rigby killing
the city Sikh was murdered in a horrific
attack in response to him so by moron so
yeah I think if I've got any sort of
platform I want to show the great side
of the Sikh community where they stand
on all of these issues they've been
fighting against Islamic extremism
throughout their whole history of their
religion of their community we're doing
a vigil here in solidarity with
Manchester we've got a great banner
outside that says the Sikh stand with
those who lost their lives in Manchester
although it is it's left to the our
platforms to educate people different I
think the BBC should be educating I
think everyone in this country should
know that everyone should know the
sacrifices the Sikh community made for
our history yeah for Britain as well
First World War Second World War and I
think they should know now the the
contributions and they makers into our
country because I know I know I've been
I've looked in Sikhism so much I spend a
lot of time over the years meeting with
groups organizations and does want
people that follow me to understand
understanding why I do
how do you not love that guy
let me check if I got time 12:55 so I
was I was in the UK I don't know maybe
it was late last year and we were
driving up I think we were driving up to
go see Fletcher in Sunderland that was
the shopkeeper who said don't support
Terra shop at Fletcher's and the cops
told him to take that down because I was
inciting racial tension anyways so we
were driving up the Sun of them that's
not a quick Drive and so keV Carroll was
the driver that's Tommy's cousin and and
I'm in the back and Tommy's look it was
a big van kind of thing and so tommy was
there and I was behind so we're driving
up on the highway it's a it's a long
drive and this car pulls up aside and I
think Tommy's in front of me or some
Tommy's in the front and I mind Tommy
you
and they pull up a side and they look
and they start waving waving waving and
rolling down their windows and we're
going at highway speeds we're going 60
miles an hour going 100 kilometers an
hour on the highway we're going from
Luton up to Sunderland fast and this
called compost and they were way mean I
was saying whoa
oh are they do they hate Tommy no they
wanted to take a picture that they saw
the Tommy Robinson it was a selfie at 60
miles an hour except it wasn't a selfie
because they were just taking the
picture from their car to our car and
waving hey Tommy hey Tommy and snapping
pictures to seek family
and I didn't cuz when you're on the road
with Tommy you've got to be a little
careful when you stop for gas people
recognize them and they and if they
either come and say or make keep it up
or if they're Muslim and they detect
Tommy sometimes they come up to look at
sort of pick a fight I've seen that so
this family starts waving waving if they
know what's going on it's a Sikh family
that was so excited to see Tommy it was
like they were seeing a rock star and
even though they couldn't get into the
self because we're going to the highway
speed they wanted to take a photo we saw
Tommy Robinson on the highway what do
you think of that story that's a true
story
it's 1257 we only have three minutes
left have I missed any of the super
chance no all right well let me take a
let me take a few non-super chat
questions I see here Saturday June 9th
the protest at Whitehall March for Tommy
Robinson okay I'm gonna check that out
because I wanted if there's critical
mass I want to know when we can you know
retweet that or whatever but I just like
theirs and I think it's great that
people want to have Tommy Robinson
protests everywhere but I want them to
be successful and concentrated and are
they organized and I don't want them to
be hijacked by agents provocateurs on
the left and this is one of the things I
would argue with Tommy about it say look
don't have outdoors events do an event
indoors we
a ticket and you have security you do an
outdoors event
and you know what some auntie was gonna
come and he's gonna be a false-flag
troublemaker he's gonna come pretending
to be a drunk soccer hooligan and shout
some neo-nazi thing even though he's a
leftist to get all the cameras on him
and you could have 5,000 peaceful Tommie
supporters and a few agents provocateurs
from the left smear the whole thing so I
was always saying the Tommie don't have
public events outside they're too risky
the police might not cooperate
anti-flood can come smash the place up
it was one of the disagreements between
us I was always more cautious about the
risk the physical risk of the legal risk
but Tommy's a man of the streets when
you know I mean remember when we said
goodbye I said would you want the studio
built a studio in Luton he said well
yeah you said from time to time but the
actions on the streets mate yeah it's
true it's true he has a different
tolerance for those risks than I do
let me read one more let's see oh we got
one more minute Lauren southern spent
the master andry having tyndall Warner's
great too
okay I don't know what that means
and yeah yeah I'm sorry I there's just a
lot here Ezra map a number of rebel
media Katie Hopkins seats apologize for
calling Tom rumensin the Robertson an
idiot and dumb this needs to be
corrected okay I'll have to watch that
video again I presume that was on Tucker
Carlson because I don't think she said
that on his video for us look we have a
variety of opinions here at the rebel
I don't agree with it I don't even have
the chance to literally watch everything
we put about 10-15 videos of the day
throughout plus I do two hours a day
myself I just literally do not have time
to watch everything I trust the judgment
of our editors
and I think it's a legitimate opinion to
criticize Tommy I disagree with it and
as you can detect I'm a Tommy defender
not just rhetorically but in the past
with action and I would like to help him
in this case but I do not have the
authority to do that so if you disagree
with Katie Hopkins you can tell her you
can rebut her but we're not going to
we're not going to force people at the
rebel to toe the line especially when
they're on other on their networks
that's just not our place it's one
o'clock let me conclude by telling you
what we talked about earlier in case you
just joined us now watch this video
rewind it I showed you seven clips from
other citizen journalists doing
everything Tommy Robinson did and more
and further and rougher and less
carefully with police watching not one
of them was detained arrested let alone
convicted sentenced let alone put away
for 13 months I put it to you that the
treatment of Tommy Robinson was not
legally valid was not procedurally valid
was disproportionate and when you
contrast it to other people doing the
exact same thing including the
outstanding Mohan Singh I think you'll
agree with me the justice was not served
its 101 thank you for joining me for
those of you in the Toronto area I hope
to see you tomorrow at the rebel live at
the Canada Christian College we'll be
back on Monday with more of these noon
hour battlegrounds and of course every
weeknight at 8 p.m. on the answer Levant
show until then on behalf of us here at
rebel world headquarters good night and
keep fighting for freedom
you
