British counter-terror officials and
police are fearing a backlash with the
imminent release of Muslim hate preacher
and computery remember back in September
2016 when Muslim hate preacher ankov
shooter he was finally locked up well
there's an article here from the
Guardian from back then it says an
computery jailed for five and a half
years for urging support of Isis he was
charged and convicted under the
Terrorism Act says radical preachers
sentenced to Old Bailey was along with
old acolyte Mohammed Raman after being
convicted of terrorism offences this
guy's been hate preaching for decades
seemingly with impunity as it rightly
says here from any kind of legal
punishment he he's trained and
radicalized some of the worst Muslim
extremists in the UK he's been the most
vocal supporter of Isis in the UK and he
went to prison for five years but he was
only charged in September 2016 and now
it looks like he's going to be released
from prison seriously so if you don't
know that much about Hank of shooter let
me give you a quick so the background on
him he's a British Muslim radical
supporter of isis convicted under the
Terrorism Act 2000 former solicitor and
spokesman for the banned Islamist group
is run for UK and then he went on to Al
Muhajiroun he supports the
implementation of Sharia in the UK and
Europe and he's not shy about talking
about it he said the Pope should be
executed for insulting Islam and he was
a former recruiter for training centres
across across the UK that supported
Osama bin Laden seriously this guy is as
radical as they come and it was less
than two years ago and now he's about to
be released shooter is currently in a
separation centre in Her Majesty's
Prison Frankland and anti-terrorism
officials from Scotland Yard have said
that they're concerned his release will
heighten community tension no kidding
given his history of radicalizing young
Muslims a source from Scotland Yard told
The Times it's likely to incur
some of his and followers to become more
vocal and defiant in their extremist
behavior the police are watching
far-right and Islamist networks around
the country and we're reassuring Muslim
the Muslim community that were taking
pre-emptive steps to clamp down on
disorder now think about this Andrew
Parker the head of mi5 has just told us
that a terror attack has been stopped
once a month for the last year there's
the upcoming anniversary of the London
Bridge terror attack which was committed
by one of shooter e's old followers and
to hear now that ankle surgery
a man who supported Isis a man who
supported banned Islamist groups a man
who was involved with recruitment
centers for a sama bin Laden supporters
he's going to be released from prison is
an insult it's amazing that the police
are just happy to lock up any Tom Dick
and Harry for saying something naughty
about the i-word the I religion there's
900 a specialist for hate crimes from
the Metropolitan Police and the this is
happening at the same time people are
being locked up for nonsense and Chad
I'm computery is being released from
prison less than two years after he was
charged for five years for Isis well
worth the justice here monsters like an
computery should face real justice real
sentences going away for a couple of
years after you know he may not have
blown anything up himself
but by encouraging other people to do
things like this he is as bad as anybody
who steps out onto the street with a
bomb in their backpack and comes shooter
he is the definition of evil and it's
about time we saw some justice for the
crimes that he's committed
when an computery was convicted under
the Terrorism Act 2000 the maximum
sentence was ten years but he was told
he would only serve two years behind
bars this is insanity
this wasn't just this shouldn't just be
a conviction for supporting a terrorist
group in my mind supporting Isis in the
UK is incitement to murder when the
deceased leader of Isis Abu Adnan II
tells us this if you can kill a
disbelieving American or European
especially the spiteful and filthy
French or an Australian or a Canadian or
any other disbeliever from the
disbelievers waging war including the
citizens of the countries that entered
into a coalition against the Islamic
state then rely upon Allah and kill him
in any manner or way however it may be
smash his head with a rock or slaughter
him with a knife or run him over with
your car or throw him down from a high
place or choke him or poison him when
the leader of Isis says that and a man
in this country supports Isis and
encourages people to support Isis that
in my mind is incitement to murder and
it's a connection to murder as well
because anybody in the UK who was
committed acts like this encouraged by
Isis and encouraged by people like this
man and computery he has some blame in
this this man should serve as an example
of what happens in the Western world in
the free world when you incite murder in
the name of a religion and an ideology
that hates us and computer he should rot
in jail for his crimes for the people
that have died in the UK for the
children that have been butchered and
murdered in the street and rundown with
cars and computer he is at fault for
encouraging people to do things like
this and he should rot in jail for the
rest of his life
if you like that and want to see more
remember to like and subscribe and
download the new rebel app from the
Apple App Store and the Google Play
Store
you
