I am a Palestinian and I have to hide my
fucking face in front of all of you for
the sake of my family
for the sake of my people who are dying
dying because of our money funding
companies and profiting off of our
deaths
I had the wonder every time I see a
fucking massacre in Gaza it wasn't mine
but the institution is making a profit
out of it blood is on our hands
no that was not a really cringe-worthy
drama monologue that was a Palestinian
student at UC Santa Barbara she
apparently thinks she needs to hide her
face in front of her fellow students and
that's probably not the only thing she
has in common with auntie feh s we know
you exist can we please stop with this
whole leftist notion that just because I
disagree with you politically I'm
somehow denying your existence those
aren't the same things but the left acts
like they are because if you're denying
someone's existence that then means you
can be punched pepper-sprayed and even
by clocked by people like former
professor Eric Clanton anyways these
pro-palestinian students were disrupting
a Student Senate meeting at Santa
Barbara where they're going to vote on
whether or not their school should
divest from Israel the boycott divest
sanction movement of course aims to
prohibit universities from partnering
with Israeli schools and requires them
to boycott companies that do business
with Israel like HP Palestinians
weaponized BDS by using it to deny
funding to pro-israel people and groups
with whom they have political
disagreements so you might be wondering
why were the pro Palestinian students
disrupting a BDS vote you would think
they'd support well it turns out that
the format of the vote wasn't good
enough
the proposal required two-thirds
approval to pass where some students
wanted it to only require a majority
approval so this happened they were
apparently also upset because 12 out of
25 of the student senators walked out of
an over 10 hour long meeting the
previous week preventing a vote on the
resolution then but here's the thing
even if the resolution did pass which it
didn't it failed for the fifth time in
six years but even if it did pass UC
Santa Barbara isn't obliged to pull its
money out of Israeli businesses
students at the University of Michigan
passed the divestment resolution last
year and the administration said we
appreciate hearing from students but
stated the university's long-standing
policy is to shield the endowment from
political pressures and to base our
investment decisions solely on financial
factors such as risk and return and um
Board of Regents said it's strongly
opposed the BDS movement so anti-israel
activists if you're going to waste your
time trying to pass a resolution that
might get shot down by the school anyway
at least don't take the opportunity to
also at the same time become part of a
video that makes you look so childish
and intolerant to future employers for
campus unmasked I'm Rob shim shock if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
