there have been multiple stories
emerging over the last few weeks
pertaining to prison reform and a lot of
the issues that we have within our
justice system as some of you might have
heard although I'm sure you didn't hear
it from mainstream media because it
doesn't fit their narrative that Trump
hates black people but President Trump
posthumously pardoned boxing legend Jack
Johnson who was the first heavyweight
champion the conversation of prison
reform has been a hot topic around the
White House with it kind of emerging as
a priority as of this past January so
Jared Kushner has been the driving force
behind it
Jared's father Charles Kushner served 14
months in prison after pleading guilty
to a number of white-collar crimes
including tax evasion illegal campaign
contributions and witness tampering now
Rhode Island Rhode Island Democrat
sholden Whitehouse and Texas Republican
John Cornyn introduced a prison reform
bill that passed the House last week in
a huge 360 259 vote with the nave Oates
suggesting that it was too narrow and
doesn't include sentencing reform what
the bill does accomplish which is called
the first-step Act is three major things
it allocates 50 million dollars per year
for five years to programs that reduce
recidivism it also allows some prisoners
to earn credits to end their sentences
early and requires that inmates be no
further than five hundred miles from
their family the president has been
urging Congress to come to a consensus
since he come since he compiled a prison
reform summit earlier this month in
reference to the White House Cornyn bill
the president sent this the legislation
would help restore the rule of law keep
dangerous criminals off the street and
help m-may inmates get a second chance
at life and here's my segue there are
many people within the prison system who
deserve a second chance now I tend to be
pretty hard lined and militant when it
comes to committing crimes but I do
recognize that there are often people
who go to prison rehabilitate themselves
with by the way no help from
prison system and come out on the other
side or unfortunately maybe don't come
out and they sit in prison having
reformed themselves and become better
people and people who once released
could have and would have been
contributory even valuable citizens now
one such case his case is that of a
Tennessee man Matthew Charles but I'm
going to save him and his story for the
rebel buzz video tomorrow because he
deserves an entire segment to himself
but a few days ago when I heard that Kim
Kardashian would be going to the White
House I had to stop myself from puking
after all of the ranting and raving that
I did during Obama's presidency about
him bringing useless celebrities to the
White House turning it into a
presidential party pad it would be very
hypocritical of me to not be outraged
over this but when you scratch the
surface and dig a little deeper and peel
back the layers of the onion you find
that she's actually there for a very
noble and important cause I know I'm as
flabbergasted as you are but it helps
that her husband has a hardcore crush on
POTUS so that probably made it a little
bit more palatable for her to go meet
with the administration her purpose for
her visit was to implore the President
to pardon a great grandmother from Texas
who though she did commit a crime has
been the victim of a whole lot of bad
luck and misfortune and the recipient of
some unfair judicial treatment according
to a yahoo article published yesterday
Johnson has been imprisoned for 21 years
since she was found guilty of drug drug
conspiracy and money laundering in 1997
the single mother of four is from Olive
Branch Mississippi she first got
pregnant at age 15 she divorced her
husband in 1989 and developed a gambling
addiction which resulted in the loss of
her 10-year career at Fed Ex she filed
for bankruptcy and her home foreclosed
and one year later in 1992 her son was
killed while riding his scooter
according to the article during the
trial
Alice Johnson's partners plotted against
her despite her minimal role she alleges
that she never sold drugs but rather
assisted with the communication in the
organ
so she was the fall guy or fall girl
resulting in her life sentence at
Aliceville Correctional Facility in
Alabama without parole plus 25 years
similar to Matthew Charles story Alice
Johnson has led an exemplary exemplary
life in prison she has mentored other
inmates she became an ordained minister
she's even given Skype interviews with
Yale University and Google about her
case she had the support of multiple
Democrats and thought for sure that
under President Obama that she would be
pardoned or granted clemency but Obama's
term came and went and she's still
sitting in prison waiting for some
stroke of luck or more accurately
benevolence by President Trump or maybe
just waiting to die like I said I'm
pretty hardcore and unsympathetic when
it comes to crime but I don't think that
it's right to be like that I don't like
that I'm like that we should have more
compassion for people but even aside
from the compassion aspect should we
want to incentivize inmates to
rehabilitate themselves while they're in
prison so that they can be released and
have a second chance at life isn't that
really what it should be about and I
don't know maybe I'm just being a little
bit of a softie today but I'll have more
about this in the rubble bus tomorrow
hope you all are having a great week
thanks so much for watching I'm Amanda
head for the rebel if you enjoyed my
commentary and want to hear more from
all of us here at the rebels subscribe
to our premium content at WWWE afford /
shows follow us on Facebook and Twitter
for all of our latest news and download
our app for the rebel media on the App
Store that way you will have instant and
easy access to all of our latest videos
and your favorite rebel shows thanks so
much for watching I'm Amanda head for
the rebel
