you know that feeling you get when nope
not gonna do it this clogged sink of a
movie doesn't even deserve an intro solo
a Star Wars story is a travesty of
source material and demoralizes
nostalgia for the sake of its own
progressive Marxist utopian cult that
apparently Kathleen Kennedy the
showrunner for Star Wars has been
sipping since she took over the
franchise
spoiler alert solo sucked don't watch it
I'm Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood
the movie ratings are irrelevant because
I hope you don't watch it but here we go
as a movie Sola was a 2 out of 5 and
would be a zero if Disney didn't have
the contracts necessary to completely
pimp out the characters we love for the
sake of its own man-hating and Karl
Marx's agenda there are some fun special
effects an interesting meeting between
Han Solo and Chewie and a great train
heist in the first 15 minutes after that
there's nothing as a film it's a 2 out
of 5 and this is all due to extremely
lazy writing to promote empowerment and
Disney managed to make Han Solo a
commoner in his own movie and this was
all a necessary sacrifice to promote a
social justice droid powerful female
biracial children
no I'm not kidding they actually did
that and they had to make sure that Han
Solo and every other male character in
the movie are cheaters babbling fools
abusers or straight-up incompetent but
don't worry Han Solo shoots first my
faith in values is a zero to five let's
just keep this going now I grew up in
the church and there's a lot of people
that did not like the Star Wars movie
because the idea of the force I thought
it was too mystical but you could never
deny the clear picture and
representation of good versus evil it
was clear and also the way that evil
will tempt you but in these movies the
18th century French philosophers
progressive ideas and moral relativism
are on full display no one is really
good or evil it's all subjective unless
you're an oppressive white man well then
you're really bad even if other
characters are doing the exact same
thing and let me be perfectly clear if
Disney didn't have the contracts needed
to slap star wars to get people in the
States on the title of this film this
story wouldn't get enough funding to
have a short film done in Wisconsin this
movie would be nothing without the
source material the name and the fans
that are loyal to it that's it
now here's the first reason why this
movie sucks it's not empowering it's
flag waving and pimping out for the sake
of profit despite what they tell you
this is not the first movie with an
awesome female lead character this is
not the first movie that features a non
heterosexual lead very similar to the
lie that Black Panther was the first
african-american superhero leap no it
wasn't there were multiple films the
execs are literally just playing off of
hatred saying we can finally do this cuz
we've been a press we can break these
norms and also virtue signal at the
exact same time saying look how brave we
are for doing this all these lies just
to stir up uninformed lefties and
destroying movies in the process they
literally use sexuality and political
sentiment to try to entice the audience
not by making great characters or a good
movie you might have my favorite No
heterosexual character in movies Silva
in Skyfall no one used the character's
sexuality to promote the film and no one
was boycotting after they saw it because
it was just a great character and it fit
when the writer of the movie was asked
whether his character was homosexual he
was like oh you could read that into it
I mean the option was there we just
really wanted bond to feel uncomfortable
because no one cares who this character
slept with my god no one cares for the
same tactic was used to promote this
movie by having the first self-made
female droid who's literally an antifa
member but this is not the first female
droid this just happens to be the first
female droid that walks with an
overweight sassy walk and spends the
entire movie vomiting victimhood
mentality over her comrades in arms and
then we have Lando this isn't a
backstory of one of our favorite
characters and Star Wars because we're
Disney we got something better for you
now Lando has sex with men women and
droids guess what he's a pansexual when
you force him characters like this it
also makes it completely unbelievable
and the only good scene the movie
there's a train heist where one of the
heist members wife sacrifices herself
because there's an enemy that's beating
them down a super powerful villain named
in fees nest it's heartbreaking it's
awesome the villain is so intimidating
you're waiting from going to clash
together at the end but what does Disney
do and they finally clash you're waiting
for the big fight they take off their
helmets and it turns out the leader of
Envy's nests is actually a biracial
female child and guess what her band of
misfit outlaws are just people who have
all been victims of the horrible
patriarchy and capitalist system I'm not
kidding Disney actually did this and
guess what the guy whose wife was killed
who sacrificed herself because of these
children it's like oh that's cool you
were oppressed I understand we're good
right right what and it's not empowering
to make characters like this all it is
is lazy writing and bad storytelling do
you want to know what made Han Solo and
I'm talking about Harrison Ford's Han
Solo the most beloved Star Wars
character voted in the franchise and the
fourth highest rated movie character of
all time according to rancor he is the
cocky confident heroic Ness of a man
that shoots first and wins the girl now
this is 2018 now he's an abandoned
builder prick of a person who no child
watching this movie today will ever
remember no one will forget the original
Han Solo seems like I'm making much to
do about nothing well let's look at the
writers and creators of these new movies
the second reason Kathleen
Kennedy and Disney are completely
ruining Star Wars because they don't
care about why we love the movies they
care about what they want to see in
movies in an interview Kathleen Kennedy
an open feminist said she doesn't need
to cater to male fans of course you feel
that way Kathleen and that's a great
move to completely forget about half of
your audience and the most devoted fans
you have oh here's Chris when's one of
the writers of the new Star Wars he said
in case you couldn't read into it enough
quote please note that the Empire is a
white supremacist human organization gee
it sure sounds like he's just trying to
write the best story possible with our
beloved characters right right now JJ
Abrams who they brought on to direct
help reboot the franchise and write some
of these films his new company is
imposing diversity quotas because it's
2018 and if you needed more evidence
that their pandering to one side and an
open interview JJ Abrams was asked if he
was gonna have more Asians in his movies
and he said first off I want to say go
Asians I'm not casting these movies that
are coming up but if I was I would cast
them as only Asians polygon said even if
the force awakens sucks it's made one
big diverse achievement for Hollywood oh
and if you didn't think the movies were
that great well they have an answer for
why you feel that way
an article by wires says Star Wars the
last Jedi will bother some people good
it says quote the Star Wars fans upset
that the franchise's heroes now include
clutches pearls women and people of
color and the misogynist racist
classless dark side of the population
that's always been present wielding
power in one form or another so
basically we don't like the new Star
Wars you're a racist bigoted homophobe
people have power the bougie why have
you heard these arguments before and
know you virtue signaling Psychopaths I
do not care what class or gender or
whatever is on screen and neither do 99%
of all the other Star Wars fans I was
genuinely fired off to see a premiere
female Jedi on the big screen and she's
not the first female Jedi there have
been many in the past movies they just
haven't been featured as much as well as
in the books however because in their
mind if their new character is a female
lead person of color sexually ambiguous
insert whatever these characters must be
the most virtuous loving wonderful
empowering characters ever put to screen
and in doing so you make any character
unrealistic unlikable and completely
forced this happens in movies all the
time everyone loved Daisy Ridley what we
didn't like was her never failing them
completely ruining the rules of the
force in the world for the sake of
making her
as perfect as possible we didn't like
her flying the Millennium Falcon instead
of Han Solo with absolutely no training
whatsoever we didn't like her beating a
Sith master with a lightsaber with no
training using the force with no
training beating Luke Skywalker who
according to George Lucas was the most
powerful Jedi in history with no
training lifting a mountain of rocks
with the force to save the day with no
training beating kylo Ren twice with no
training who is currently the only
villain I asked you what is the point of
any of it are you gonna worry about her
fighting kylo Ren in the third movie no
you made a hollow out predictable
MarySue that we're gonna have to follow
and deal with now for the next couple
movies and she could have been awesome
if you were willing to just say some
people have to work for it you can't
make the audience like somebody by
making them perfect but hey this is
movie communism if you just want the
force or a lightsaber you can have it
and thirdly do you want to the clearest
way to tell that I'm right about these
films that they are merely molesting a
brilliant intellectual property for the
sake of their own political ideologies
compare it to Marvel the Marvel
characters had been beloved and
worshipped for years long before star
wars was created Disney bought both
franchises but Marvel is run by a dude
named Kevin how the fans and critics
liked his movies they loved it on both
sides of the board Kathleen Kennedy
who's in charge of Star Wars is a open
lefty and her fans literally have
petitions now to boycott the film's
until Disney fires Kathleen both
franchises that passionate fans that
care deeply about the characters but one
is completely being ruined for the sake
of politics so I don't watch solo don't
let this keep happening send them a
message because guess what this
generation needs heroes and they need to
see that there is an actual right and
wrong and that there's more to people
than just their gender their sexuality
or whatever and most importantly you
don't just wake up and start using the
force and beating a master Jedi come on
I've been Davies this is pure Hollywood
and another fantastic news you can now
download the rebel up and take me with
you wherever you go to get exclusive
content and the entire rebel lineup
you
