on Friday the general manager of a
college bar did an interview with the
newspaper and said his bar had a no
drugs no thug scene the very next day he
found himself out of a job
let's take a look let me introduce you
to ad harsh McCabe the dude describes
himself as a lifetime gamer and also
spent 35 years training lions tigers and
bears
this February he started a new gig at
Boylan Heights
a bar next to the University of Virginia
campus in an interview he said that he
doesn't let drunk people inside the
place and after 11 p.m. only students
are allowed that's a policy I instituted
two months ago and a couple of other
places on the corner do that as well
and that's why it's a no drugs no thug
scene here McCabe said the next
afternoon
Boylan Heights posted a statement on
their Facebook saying the late night
policy described in today's daily
progress article was never approved by
ownership was not implemented by
security and does not reflect our core
values okay fair enough I'm actually
torn on whether university bars should
be open to students as well as what UVA
calls
townies on the one hand I'm sure there
are some city members who try going
there to prey on young students but on
the other hand not all crime is
committed by city members and these
students are technically adults and
should be learning to take care of
themselves and yeah I can confirm that
the policy is not implemented by
security I actually got into Boylan
Heights after 11:00 p.m. about a month
ago and I'm not a student anymore that
place is crazy by the way way to laugh
Boylan went on to say the general
manager who is quoted in the article as
having instituted that policy is no
longer with our organization Boylan
Heights has and will always strive to
promote an atmosphere of openness and
inclusion inclusion except for McCabe
evidently if he got the policy wrong
correct him and move on why fire the guy
he's excluding drugs and thugs do you
want one of those in your bar no McCabe
seems to be yet another victim of the
left's language policing take a word
without racial connotations like thug
and weaponize it to destroy people's
careers
except mccabe doesn't fit the part of
evil right-wing scapegoat at all getting
rid of the maverick mentality at Boylan
which sounds a bit like toxic
masculinity hiring the bars first female
security guard and if you go on his
Facebook you can find videos he shared
from Stephen Colbert and senator
Elizabeth Warren McCabe is the latest
victim of an outraged industry that's
contributed to an overwhelmingly
left-wing faculty in academia and also
affected other industries costing others
like Brendan Eich of Mozilla their jobs
when will it stop for campus unmasked
I'm Rob shim shock if you like this
video and support our mission please
make sure to comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
