our favorite racist anti-semite horrible
human being is at it again
Louis Farrakhan leader of the Nation of
Islam conspiring cop killer
extraordinaire all-around terrible guy
well on Sunday he issued a call for the
end of white men in the final call news
at the final call news the Nation of
Islam's Twitter account I guess it's one
of their publication Farrakhan went on a
rant did why did there be an end to him
parenthesis white man because his nature
is not in harmony with the nature of God
Farah Khan's words white man was only
given six thousand years six days rule
you cannot deny he has ruled but on what
principle did he rule righteousness
truth justice fairness I don't think so
hashtag Farrakhan hashtag Nation of
Islam Sunday's what he parenthesis the
white man does he does by nature what
you parentheses black people do is by
learning from your master hashtag
Farrakhan hashtag Nation of Islam
Sundays
Noi now Louis Farrakhan it's a terrible
guy he is a terrible guy he has his
anti-semitic comments are so rabid I
won't even repeat them he's praised
Adolf Hitler he took millions from
Muammar Gaddafi was gonna take a billion
dollars from Gadhafi until coming the
Bill Clinton ministration shockingly
shut it down
Farrakhan is a terrorist now I suspect
Horicon is also an FBI and a CIA asset
it's the only explanation as to why he's
been able to run along and operate
unfettered for this many years
now you remember that House Democrat had
ties to Farrakhan and we direct ties
Barakat it's Maxine Waters a barbara Lee
Danny Davis Andre Carson keith Ellison
Gregory Meeks Al Green they've all
attended meetings with Farrakhan they've
all a sat through speeches of Farrakhan
Murray has been brutal who White's the
Jews to Christians he's a terrible
terrible vile human being Louis a
terrible terrible guy
barukh on though dupes people and our
friend Candace Owens Candace is a friend
of the rebel she's done some great work
last week greeted in no way who I
endorse Farah Khan's views but holy crap
this is really a big deal he has just
align himself with Trump's
administration what's going on in the
black community right now is
unprecedented flag this it's relevant
why tweeted at Candace and then I have
some some very nice direct message
exchanges with her I said Candace you've
done a great job but I've studied
Farrakhan for years this man is vile and
horrible
he doesn't align with Trump at any way
shape or form this is a trap don't step
into it and this is young she's excuse
me 27 28 years old and well I understand
that but Glenn Beck Len Beck fell into
it as well now I know Glenn I got my
start with Glenn Glenn's always treated
me very well he's a friend but Glenn has
been very misguided on Trump well now
Glenn is a trump support Glenn in
tweeted this is huge well Candace Oh
gamezone's is correct and it is the
principle of what has caused all of our
damage in the Middle East it never leads
to peace the enemy of my enemy is my
friend we must find reconciliation in
our hearts not hate destruction or
violence even of the tongue no no no
Candice backed off of it he admitted
that Farrakhan was an anti-semite and
but she continued to call his comments
relevant they are not relevant and they
are a trap these people and and I think
they're good people I know Glenn is a
good guy a misguided guy and this is a
friend they don't see Farrakhan for who
he is
it's a trap a guy like Farrakhan says
Trump and I are fighting the same enemy
and then he turns around and he goes and
we're also fighting the Jews and we're
also fighting this one we're also
fighting the Hispanics for any paints
Trump as an anti-semite and racist and
he achieves his agenda with the help
Trump centric media people and people
like Glenn Beck that are now moving on
to the Trump train after rubbing his
face in Cheetos and acting a little bit
unhinged poor Glenn um I also hear what
I said on on Twitter on Facebook
never trust Louis Farrakhan he is a
rabid rat he is a venomous snake he will
turn on you he is a wild vicious animal
the man hates whites
he hates Jews he hates Christians he
hates Americans
he hates Canadians he hates Western
Europeans he is a vile hateful evil man
and and it really really frustrated me
that because of one comment one damn
comment a bunch of conservatives with
high profiles
oh let's embrace Farrakhan now see he's
on our side
Kanye West was on our side now Farrakhan
is oh he's in the fold give me a break
this is all really important content and
I want to bring it to you every day we
need to hold the media accountable we
need to also hold government's
accountable and we're gonna be taking
some steps here at the rebel to assist
Tommy Robinson he is being held I feel
many of us feel as a political prisoner
in the UK it is terrible what happened
at tommy jailed for well reporting on
already disclosed public information
about muslim rape gangs be sure to check
the rebel twitter feed my twitter feed
rebels facebook page hurts lictors and
rebel CEO ezra Labonte's we're gonna be
bringing you more information each day
on on the progress from making how Tommy
Robinson is doing and really this is a
crusade the free speech and freedom of
the press worldwide
very very important as always thanks for
all the support thank you so much for
watching I'll be back with you tomorrow
