colleagues began to ostracize me
withdrew from conference presentations
with me I was no longer given the option
of which courses I wanted to teach
I was against my will removed from a
course I had helped design and teach for
10 years and I was told that I was
compromising my professional
responsibilities by being in Israel to
celebrate Passover
that was dr. melissa Landa who was a
professor for ten years at the
University of Maryland but the school
didn't renew her contract last year and
Landa is about to sue on the grounds of
discrimination it was in spring 2016
that I became an active and vocal
opponent of the anti-semitic BDS
movement it is not the case that any
mention of the BDS movement is met with
opposition from university
administrators it is one sided
professors who speak out in favor of the
BDS movement face no administrative
consequences that does seem to be the
case there are professors who dedicate
pretty much their entire Twitter
accounts to anti-israel activism
remember George Mason professor Noura
Erakat who takes severe umbrage at
calling Palestinians a mob but seems to
have absolutely no problem using the
word to misrepresent Israelis who were
responding to a reported stabbing of a
Jewish boy by a Palestinian or how about
UC Berkeley professor Hatem bosnian
founder of american muslims for
palestine which was founded by former
members of a group that donated twelve
point four million dollars to hamas but
back to Melissa the education professor
claims that John o Flavin the associate
chair of her department removed her from
a course she taught for almost a decade
after learning that Melissa wanted to
partner with tel aviv o flavin also
allegedly denied her access to one of
his classes so melissa couldn't get
research she needed she appealed to a
university board and here's what
apparently happened three days after the
university's grievance board recommended
that i be placed back in my teaching
position and permitted to pursue my
research the chair of my department
informed me that she was not renewing my
contract i subsequently filed a claim
with the University of Maryland's Office
of Civil Rights and sexual misconduct
and in their investigation they
contacted only two of my eight witnesses
and provided no written substantiation
for the university's decision to dismiss
me if melissa is right this wouldn't be
the first time the University of
Maryland system pushed wacky politics on
campus it hosted a gender-neutral
pronoun lunch-and-learn last spring
teaching students made-up pronouns like
zis MZ r and a m ear oh boy it's
probably only a few years before I get
arrested for mispronouncing those and
last month we found out that it's also
paying students at least nine dollars
and 25 cents an hour to promote abortion
rights and LGBTQ issues Maryland voters
will soon decide whether or not to
direct all of the state's casino revenue
to K to 12 education I guess we should
just count ourselves lucky that public
universities aren't included in the mat
proposal for campus unmasked I'm Rob
shamrock if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details these in the forum on campus
unmask calm
