Tommy Robinson is in prison a 13 month
prison sentence but that's like a death
sentence for Tommy because UK prisons
are run by Muslim gangs any of whom
would love to kill Tommy we have to help
Tommy I have a plan I'll tell you about
it in a moment but first here's the
background in case you haven't heard on
Friday
Tommy was reporting from outside the
courthouse in Leeds where an accused
Muslim rape gang was on trial for
repeatedly raping British girls as young
as 11 years old tommy was broadcasting
on Facebook live from his cellphone
I watched it Tommy was very careful he
did not set foot on the courthouse
precinct he did not call the man rapist
but rather called them accused or
alleged rapist in no way did he
interfere with the trial which was on
its final day when Tommy mentioned the
names of the accused rapists he was
reading from a BBC news website so the
names were clearly public information on
the state broadcaster Tommy did nothing
wrong and then suddenly seven police
officers swooped in and put him in the
back of a police van a few hours later
he was on his way to prison in Hull
sentenced to 13 months watched the
shocking moment of his arrest
doesn't reach the peak what does that
mean what's happening
this is free speech this is ridiculous
do you feel what you're doing I haven't
said a word in fact someone later handed
us open the app so I call other people
I've threatened me about my mother and
Here I am being arrested for saying
nothing about what a preacher thinks
apparently I'm in sight in my video
can you please George it's outrageous
but it's worse than it looks
they said he was causing a disturbance
which is absurd he was by himself on the
street with only a cameraman and a
friend but it got worse it got much
worse within hours tommy was summoned
before the judge Tommy's longtime lawyer
was not informed of this rather the
court appointed a lawyer who didn't know
Tommy and was not an expert in the
specialized law of contempt of court in
a matter of minutes Tommy was convicted
sent to prison for more than a year he
is now in Her Majesty's Prison Howell a
brutal facility near Leeds the judge
also issued a gag order a publication
ban on what that judge just did he made
it illegal for any journalist to report
on what happened to Tommy
that is unbrushed that is unfair that
secret justice that's Star Chamber stuff
now that gag order only applies to the
UK though and I'm filming this video
from North America where there is still
some freedom of the press left that's
why I'm filming this and not our UK
journalists like Katie Hopkins or Jack
Buckley if they did they could be thrown
in jail - Tommy worked for us at the
rebel until this spring we got him
started in journalism and we parted ways
amicably when Tommy went independent and
we still support him the day he was
arrested I spoke with Tommy's wife
and Tommy's lawyer and offered to help
in any way you see last year when Tommy
worked for us he was arrested outside
the court in Canterbury back then we
crowdfunded a top-notch legal team and
we were able to keep Tommy out of prison
I offered to help this week and Tommy's
family and lawyer were grateful but they
have asked that we hold off doing
anything including any crowdfunding
until they have a proper conversation
with Tommy obviously we will respect the
wishes of Tommy's family and lawyer but
there is something else very important
that we can do right now on our own we
can go to court to have the gag order
lifted from the media the basic facts in
this video what Tommy was doing and what
he didn't do the shocking speed with
which he was imprisoned the fact that
his own lawyer was not notified the fact
that Tommy has not had a proper chance
to meet his lawyers still all those
facts are banned in the UK not just the
underlying facts of the rape gang trial
but the whole incident involving Tommy
the judge who sent Tommy to jail made it
illegal to report that he sent Tommy to
jail why why do the judge keep his
justice secret shouldn't the British
people be able to learn the facts and
decide for themselves why can't people
why can't people in kanne in the United
States and Australia and Europe read all
the facts but British citizens can't so
we're going to court to apply to have
the gag order lifted the rebels based in
North America but we have a registered
UK corporation - with more than a
hundred and fifty thousand UK customers
and we have a UK staff so our UK company
has legal standing to go to court on
behalf of the British people we've hired
an outstanding lawyer who has worked
with Tommy before his name is Daniel
Burke he's the lawyer who took the case
of Chelsea right remember the girl from
Sunderland who suffered so brutally at
the hands of a predator I've spoken with
Daniel this morning and he believes this
is an important case and he is already
working on the emergency application
it's shocking that it falls to us a
small independent internet based news
company to fight for freedom of the
press and open courts in the United
Kingdom where is the BBC or Sky or any
of the tabloids that love to skewer
Tommy when it suits them well
the organizations like Amnesty
International or reporters without
borders where are they coming to the aid
of a citizens journalist who was just
arrested and sentenced faster than any
dictatorships
where's Piers Morgan or is he just happy
to have Tommy silenced for good I guess
it falls to us if you want to help us
crowdfund this court challenge to the
gag order please visit our special web
site
let us report calm note that this is
different from Tommy's own case this is
simply to pay for challenging the
publication ban in the UK it's hard to
estimate how much it will cost but my
experience tells me it'll probably be
around 20,000 British pounds right now
Tommy's family and lawyer are still
huddling and coming up with a strategy
let us give them their space but in the
meantime there's something we can do
let's go to court to lift the
publication ban on this horrible story
our UK company has the legal standing to
do it I truly believe that if the
British people learned what happened to
Tommy Robinson on Friday it would awaken
within them their ancient instincts of
freedom and the rule of law that have
been the British heritage since the
Magna Carta if you can help crowd fund
the legal costs of our emergency appeal
please visit let us report calm there is
also a petition there that we will
deliver next week to the UK
attorney-general jeremy wright demanding
an investigation into the shocking
treatment of Tommy by police and
prosecutors please sign the petition and
something Tommy used to do to great
effect for other people when he worked
at the rebel let's get a hundred
thousand names on a petition for Tommy
demanding an explanation for this
high-handed treatment at Leeds the other
day look Tommy did his part the biggest
part and he is paying the biggest price
I think this one lawsuit is our part at
the rebel will you please do your part
please go to let us report calm and let
the British people know what is
happening in their own country we're
hiring a British lawyer to apply to lift
the UK publication ban on Tommy
Robinson's outrageous prison sentence
please help us crowd fund the lawyer at
let us report calm
you
