Tommy Robinson was arrested today in
Leeds in the UK outside the courthouse a
few hours later he was sentenced to 13
months in prison I've never heard of
that before normally there's an alleged
defense than an arrest and the charges
then lawyers get involved in a first
court appearance and maybe bail and then
disclosure of documents and then a trial
and manic conviction and then a sentence
and then an appeal normally that takes
months maybe years but this happened
today in just a few hours from Tommy's
standing on the street laughing talking
to be sent to prison for 13 months that
happened in the United Kingdom today and
while Tommy Robinson is the man who is
condemned I think the UK courts will
they committed murder of their own
reputation for liberty and law let me
show you the moment it happened here is
the arrest filmed by Tommy's own
cameraman
this is free speech this is ridiculous
do you feel what you're doing I haven't
said a word in fact someone laid their
hand and assaulted me a strike or other
people I've written me about my mother
and Here I am being arrested to say
nothing about what a breach of the peace
apparently I'm in sight in on my video
can you please George causing a
disturbance but but he was standing by
himself on the public street he had a
cameraman with him and another supporter
but it wasn't a public disturbance it
wasn't public at all really it's and
there was no crowd either on his side or
against him there was no disturbance in
fact Tommy had been just talking into
his cell phone you can see an image of
it behind me he was doing a facebook
video live string stream and he had been
doing it for literally one hour just
standing and talking into the camera a
running commentary for one hour a few
times during that hour people walked up
to him on the street to have a very
brief conversation and Tommy did talk
with him and they were all polite even
when someone disagreed with him no
swearing no shouting Tommy kept the
camera running for a full hour until
that arrest I think I counted seven cops
there public disturbance he was
practically alone by himself for an hour
here here's a sample of that one our
live stream it was an interesting
conversation was political in a strong
point of view but it was not a
disturbance there was no exhortation to
take any action he was doing journalism
he was standing outside a courthouse
where a Muslim a rape gang was on trial
he was just a sample of one hour of
Tommy just talking on that side Leeds
crown
we're today ten men are facing verdicts
their verdicts for a grooming alleged
grooming and rape scandal people need to
know what's going on people need to know
these court cases are happening
obviously for me to have people out who
think I'm a wanker for a reward on it
it's no supposed to go to a view what's
the God two of you
what's a god to me I'm an English man
and they're English girls they're women
they're young goats residents now feel
they can no longer rely on police in
these issues and they're patrolling and
highlight in and trying to combat this
epidemic the streets were empty you
could see was raining out Tommy was
literally looking into the camera and
just talking for an hour holding his own
phone he was pacing and slowly wandering
around a bit and you can see that there
was no one there public disturbance it
was even possible they were still public
to disturb and he wasn't disturbing now
literally an hour before his arrest
Tommy had asked a few tough questions of
two Muslim men who were on trial and
were in court that day today to hear the
verdict on their trial for raping white
girls and forcing them into prostitution
Tommy accosted the men and asked him if
they were feeling guilty and what they
had to say about the young girls as as
young as 11 years old who were raped the
entire interaction was very brief it was
aggressive sure but the man went away
quickly they were just walking in the
court there there is no rule against
hollering at an accused rapist Tommy was
very careful throughout his whole
broadcast to always call them accused or
alleged criminals I listened closely he
was very careful and and it's a judge
only trial by the way there's no jury
and today is the sentencing day it's not
like Tommy's interaction with these
accused criminals it was very brief
would alter the course of the trial or
tamper with a jury there was no jury
here just for full disclosure I want to
show you the entire footage of Tommy
hollering at a couple of criminal
accused that's it
- baby birdies hey Feeny buddy buddy how
you feeling about the verdict now was
added disturbance I suppose in the
dictionary definition the word it was a
disturbance it was bit of an
interruption and bit of noise but it
lasted just what was that less than 30
seconds and it was neither violent nor
threatening other than that one man who
threatened Tommy's mom you'll notice
Tommy didn't even go up the steps on the
courthouse he was very careful not to be
on court property was Tommy accusatory
or insulting sure but it's a free
country sort of anyways that was
literally an hour before he was arrested
he was standing there for an hour
thereafter there was no disturbance when
police descended on him an hour later
seven of them they were arresting him
for something that was clearly not
happening and we could all see it I
should say because when Tommy worked
with us at the rebel we had this issue
with Tommy before Tommy was very careful
about where he stood he did not stand on
court property because a year ago when
he did Stan on court property he was
arrested for contempt of court for
having a video camera running on the
steps of the court now that's absurd
that's unfair every single journalist in
the UK and in Canada sets up their
cameras on the steps of the courthouse
to do court reports it's normal it's
positively what press conferences are
scheduled but Tommy was held in contempt
of court a year ago for doing what every
other journalist does so he was very
careful this time I could tell he didn't
stand where he was supposed to not
supposed to stand and in part of the
video you can hear him confirm this both
to his viewers and with some court
official officer they he stays that so
if you're not allowed to go on those
days I mean whilst recording this isn't
the property of the court though is it
no it's this okay so I'll stay off him
cool
it's obviously not on the court steps by
the way last time Tommy was arrested for
this trumped-up charge it was a 4:00
a.m. raid on his home 4:00 a.m. just for
maximum political harassment to his
family they could have popped in in the
daytime they could have phoned or
emailed him and asked him to come in but
they raided his house in the dead of
night like he was a terrorist just to
demoralize him scare his wife and kids
remember this Sarah 432 and the place of
my house and I'm being arrested for
going to a court case in Canterbury and
trying to video the Muslim well they
didn't do that this time they didn't
wait till the dead of night to get him
from his bed they arrested him in the
day now last time when he worked with
the rebel we hired the best lawyers in
the UK for him but he was still
convicted but it was the same judge who
sent for Tommy who was mad at Tommy who
sat in judgment of Tommy and Tommy was
sentenced to three months in prison a
year ago in prison for taking a
45-second selfie video now that three
months sentence last year was suspended
for an 18-month period which means he
didn't have to go to jail for three
months but it was hanging over him like
a dagger on a thread that three-month
sentence and still since we're in that
18 month period so if he's convicted of
contempt of court or whatever that three
months it becomes alive and that's what
happened today let me show you some more
Tommy isn't working for the rebel now
he's independent but we still keep in
touch from time to time and I've
privately reached out to his team to see
if we can help but I don't want to
interfere with his strategy or do
anything without his permission tommy
was briefly released but then was
ordered back to court today here's the
court docket you can see Tommy's on
there for contempt of court not the
breach of the peace of the cops said
when they arrested him and we've blurred
them out here but those are all names of
the Muslim rape accused that's the gang
members I'm blurring an
because as I write this I don't know if
they were convicted or not and
apparently the names were subject to a
publication ban but it is a fact that
other media had published these names in
public and we happen to be in Canada so
the ban probably wouldn't apply to us -
but I don't have binders of caution I'm
black in the names out but that's what
they used to arrest Tommy today for for
saying those names for contempt of court
for naming the accused rapists even
though that information had already been
published in the mainstream media and
the trial was over and there was no jury
that could have seen Tommy's comments
and mean affected in any way Tommy's
long standing lawyers were not notified
of his arrest today instead Tommy was
rushed into court that moment given the
court-appointed Lerner lawyer who's
neither an expert in contempt of court
law nor familiar with Tommy and his
legal history and the hearing was done
in a matter of minutes in minutes they
used to be called a drumhead trial from
arrest to conviction to sentencing in a
couple of hours and Tommy was sentenced
to a shocking 13 month prison term
coming out a longer sentence for
reporting on rape gangs than many rape
gangs themselves received for rape even
crazier the judge today issued a
publication ban about Tommy making it
illegal to report the details of Tommy's
case and that publication ban only
applies to the United Kingdom and the
rebel media were based here in North
America which is why I'm free to talk
about it so a 13 month prison sentence
and a publication ban no one in Britain
can even talk about this look at this in
Google News search lots of coverage of
Tommy's case with all these news stories
but if you click on any of the British
media they've taken down the stories it
was secret Tommy was convicted in the
judge ordered that it be kept secret
look at all deleted so he's at the
freest country in the world or is that
the place that Orwell warned us about
now why did Tommy cause a disturbance no
he did not
- Tommy rekha trial no he did not it's
because Tommy speaks boldly about the
islamification of society especially
this systematic rape of young British
girls at the hands of Muslim migrants we
don't understand what rape gangs are
here in Canada or the u.s. and thank God
it's not like a man jumps out of the
bushes
grabs a woman and rapes her and runs off
that
Dawid rape gangs do in the UK it's much
more systematic than that it's organized
it's planned it's it's like in a rubber
room where 1,400 young girls were raped
they were tricked and trapped and
extorted and not just raped once they
were raped dozens hundreds of times a
girl say just 12 years old might be
approached by a man who offers from
candy or cigarettes or even a drink of
alcohol or drugs but that usually comes
later it could even just start by
telling a young impressionable girl I
love you do you want a grown-up
boyfriend something that might be
appealing and tempting to a young girl
and I'm giving an actual example here
and then the man would say ah you've had
a free meal or a free drink now let me
take a topless picture of us thanks and
and and then he says aha I'm gonna show
this picture to your mother and I'm
gonna tell her what you've done unless
you sleep with me I'm in sleep with my
friends or I'll tell your mother you
slept with me and we're gonna pass you
around and if you tell anyone when we
know where you live and we know where
your mother lives and we're gonna burn
down your house that is an actual
example I'm giving you that actually
happened I'm not making that scenario up
that happened that's what rape gangs
rooming gangs are in the UK it's not a
brute force attack grab a woman in a
dark alley it's extortion and
exploitation targeting young girls as
young as 11 the girls feel trapped and
ashamed and the Muslim men and they're
almost always Muslim men and the victims
are almost always white girls there are
some see girls targeted to the Muslim
men don't report each other to the
police they don't stop each other they
join in together that's why they're
called gangs they passed these girls
around as young as 11 years old for
years of course there's other
criminality - violence threats of
violence even murder so the first
problem is the individual criminals the
second problem is that other men collude
with each other to support them and help
in the con and help in the rape and the
third problem is that every single
Authority turns a blind eye to this
police the press politicians prosecutors
professors because it's politically
incorrect to criticize Muslims and the
perpetrators are almost all Muslim so
the victors are because they're almost
all white girls it's racist to mention
it you see and even if they had the
courage to speak the truth what do you
do there are so many millions of Muslims
in the UK now and a large percent
support Sharia law there were literally
23,000 jihadis
on the loose in the UK that they know
about holy warriors suspected of being
terrorist sleepers those are known to
the UK authorities so the authorities
are paralyzed by fear fear of being
called this imma phobic and even more
fear of violence from the 23,000
terrorists within not Tommy Robinson he
speaks truth to power he's motivated by
a big heart but he's inconvenient to the
powerful people so he was thrown away
today and you know what it's almost just
as well that the mainstream media was
censored because all they would have
done would be to celebrate and to cheer
like on Twitter the jubilation of
Tommy's opponents was unrestrained and
they were thrilled that he will surely
be killed in prison so yeah where your
press freedom liberals your civil
liberties liberals now a they don't
think tommy robinson should have civil
liberties they're happy to have him
silenced not me
Tommy Robinson doesn't work for us
anymore he hasn't for several months but
I reached out to his family today I
spoke to his lawyer and I offered to
help them crowd fund their Legal Defense
Fund even though we don't have a formal
connection with them I'll let you know
what they say when I last spoke with him
they hadn't actually even had a chance
to talk to Tommy even its own lawyer
hasn't I won't give away any confidences
I'm just saying if they want our help
we'll help them even though we sound
with us anymore but we're not going to
impose ourselves on them I'll wait for
them to ask because Tommy even though we
stop with the rebel anymore he's
actually still with us in spirit because
he is still the biggest rebel in the
whole of the UK and he's not just
fighting for his own freedom now he is
fighting for all of our freedom - I'll
wait for Tommy or his family to accept
our offer for help and if they do I
promise I will let you know because I
will ask you for your help - but we're
keeping our powder dry until then but
whether he takes our financial help or
not we will be doing our best
journalistically to support him I just
wish I wish the mainstream media would -
and even mainstream conservatives it's
Tommy today and it's you tomorrow that's
an excerpt from my daily TV show the
Ezra Levante show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always to interviews today and
I read my hate mail just click on this
screen and become a Premium Member
you
