I took my dog Dexter for a walk
yesterday did I do something wrong
because come to think of it I forgot to
get consent from the old goldendoodle
consent was very much in the news last
week as the stoop viewers of this space
will recall a Victoria event venue hired
someone called to kneel gibe to be a
so-called consent captain tenneal is
supposed to patrol the floor make sure
that everybody is consensually getting
along and not drinking too much as that
might impair judgment when it comes to
consent here's a clip of this creature
reading some really bad poetry
tired eyes pleading to please me yeah
that's your consent captain Victoria BC
have you ever gazed upon a bigger buzz
kill but Tennille almost comes across as
a normal human oeid compared to
sexuality educator Deanne Carson Carson
winds on the Australian news network ABC
to talk about consent regarding diaper
changes yeah how young is some of the
children you talk to we work from
children from 3 years old we work with
parents from birth from birth yeah yeah
just about how to set up a culture of
consent in their home so I'm going to
change your nappy now is that ok of
course the baby's not going to respond
to yes mum that's awesome I'd love to
have my nappy changed but if you leave a
space and wait for body language and
wait to make eye contact then you're
letting that child know that their
response matters oh look Junior is
wiggling his nose like Samantha and B
which do you think he wants his diaper
changed especially given that
Sting's like a sewage treatment plant in
here now as an aside do you notice a
commonality between Tennille gibe and
Deanne Carson like maybe nobody in the
past decade or so has asked them for
consent about anything but I digress
in any regard the consent nonsense makes
for a good news story folks given the
overwhelming feedback because maybe just
maybe we are on the precipice of a
backlash against new levels of PC
insanity just consider the reception dn
Carson received thankfully it was far
less you go girl and more can you go
straight the hell girl since her
comments on nappy consent aired Carson
laments that she's being so deluged by
negative comments that she's had to shut
down all her social media accounts in
fact she's even received death threats
which does cross the line
if only barely in fact in a Daily Mail
poll 96% of readers disagreed with their
comments with 1% being unsure only 3%
agree with Carson so finally we now have
a definitive number for what percentage
of people make up the lunatic fringe so
it is that hope abounds given that good
reasonable people the world over have
told this picnicbasket shy of a sandwich
that they don't agree with our advocacy
of what is essentially a form of child
abuse yes leaving a baby in a spoiled
diaper until it can somehow I don't know
visually make a signal that it needs a
nappy change so score a touchdown for
Team normal meanwhile I shall not mourn
Carson self-imposed social media exile
look I'm all about free speech folks but
there's only so much idiocy one can take
especially from nut bars who consider
themselves to be experts for the rebel
dot media I'm David the men's Loyd Minzy
hey folks lesson two weeks away the
rebel live is coming to Toronto
wow what a lineup Katie Hopkins we got
Ezra Levin John Cardella Sheila Gunn
reads so many more please go to the
rebel I
dot-com and get your tickets today
you
