Harvey Weinstein has turned himself into
the NYPD movie mogul Harvey Weinstein
and most likely soon to be convicted
rapist
Harvey Weinstein turned himself in at
the New York City Police Department's
first Precinct at about 7:30 a.m.
Eastern this morning Weinstein is
turning himself in for charges stemming
from the complaint of a woman named
Lucia Evans about incidents that
happened going back as far as 2004 now
luckily New York State has a long
statute of limitations on these types of
sex crimes and Pepa sexual predation
Weinstein apparently forced her to
perform oral sex on him that we know the
Weinstein story we give credit where do
Ronan Farrow broke that story and did an
outstanding job profiling Weinstein's
decades decades of brutal sexual
assaults on women we just saw Bill Cosby
convicted convicted of rape his
sentencing is happening sometime in
September and now new allegations
against Morgan Freeman the Weinstein
case however raises really really
troubling questions Weinstein was
investigated more than a few times by
various law enforcement agencies those
out in LA and Hollywood ones in Europe
in the UK actually the same as self
Kevin Spacey which we'll get into in a
moment but the NYPD Special Victims Unit
had a very solid case online yet
Manhattan district attorney Cyrus Vance
wouldn't prosecute well it turns out
that science received the money for his
campaign he's a Democrat from
Weinstein's lawyer from many associates
of winestein New York City and New York
State Democratic Party's benefits they
benefit greatly from guys like Harvey
Weinstein and associates of Harvey
Weinstein people in the movie industry
dependent on Harvey wines need to stay
very rich people that Harvey Weinstein
made very wealthy now this is incredibly
troubling look we know there's money in
politics we know it I have no problem
with it it's the way our system works it
makes the world go round
but I do have a problem when money
creeps into the criminal justice now
money shouldn't influence politics the
stark reality of the world is that money
does money does in fact influence
politics there is you know you don't
forget to change that people can
screaming yell about campaign finance
reform guys like John McCain who have
taken a gazillion dollars from the
defense industry I always find it
beautifully hypocritical when a John
McCain cries about campaign finance
reform because he is one of the worst
culprits in DC but is about Harvey
Weinstein it is very very troubling when
money creeps in new criminal justice
hype racist I've uh I I obviously you
watch the show you know I interface with
law enforcement around the country I
dabble in uh helping candidates their
messaging and I've helped quite a few
candidates for sheriff there's small
races but it's a passion of mine I love
law enforcement and very important to me
to get the right people elected and the
last few people I worked with would only
take money from either family one of
them was from a very wealthy family they
took zero outside donations they
completely self-funded the race they and
their dad put all the money into the
race or from large donors individual
donors who are very wealthy but who
think no social and so there was a
sheriff at a much larger County I knew
and his key donor base were some very
high net worth individuals all retired
or and sold their companies and they
really had no need for a local sheriff
in other words they were so wealthy
we're talking about nine figure and in
some cases they were billionaire net
worth and they were retired they had
sold off large auto dealerships and
financial firms and they were squeaky
clean these were not people that were
gonna get in trouble
it wasn't even gonna be about a DUI
because they all had drivers and things
of that nature and so these were people
who donated because really what they
wanted was just to be able to get
little card that's a special deputy or
something like that or be able to once
in a while go out and use the Sheriff's
Department's gun range which most
sheriff's departments here in Florida
will open them to the public
use every now and again so they weren't
asking for any special favors so it was
a really ethical way or large money
donors rather I'm somewhat over my words
for large money high money donors who
haven't involvement with law enforcement
many of these people also set up
nonprofits like 501 C 3s that would can
legally it's the way you can absolutely
do it it's encouraged they would donate
large amounts of money and those 501 C 3
is in turn would donate things through
the Sheriff's Department's new vehicles
bulletproof vest that our firearms
training seminars things of that nature
so all good came from their involvement
with these these weren't you know
mid-level business people small business
owners that were running kind of shady
businesses and they needed the local
sheriff on the take and so in that
instance I said okay you know this is
also really clean and I'll work with
these candidates that to me is okay but
when you have a series of donors in a
particular industry entertainment
that has four decades upon decades look
I bar tended and waited tables in
college in New York City interview and
know anything about the bartending in
restaurant scene bar and restaurant
scene in New York City the staff the
joke is you know you owe your bartending
here what audition are you going on it
was just everybody's an actor
everybody's a model everybody's a singer
everybody's a writer I wasn't that I was
a guy just waiting to go into the New
York City graduate college and go into
the police academy I was an anomaly you
know I was like in the I was the 1% of
the 1% in that world and you would hear
the stories I mean it's a good-looking
guys and girls that work there and a lot
of the girls would just tell me you know
man well that guy was such a creep you
pinned me down on the couch
some of the girls were like that what
are you gonna do you know yeah Jeff sex
with him I had no choice if I wanted the
job it's just it was it was so
commonplace and the guys that I worked
with the wasn't is the homosexual
advances from those in the entertainment
industry the women the women the casting
directors the producers the directors
would be all over them it's really an
immoral business in many respects and so
this has been going on since the
beginning of the entertainment industry
sexual predation I do believe that
pedophilia was was commonplace that's
not from crazy conspiracy theories like
pizza gate it's from my time working on
those cases working alongside the
National Center for Missing and
Exploited Children could insulting on
shows in Hollywood seeing how this all
works now I told you the story about
Kevin Spacey that I'll tell you get in a
moment go back to Weinstein and Papa cat
had and so these donations that went to
Cyrus Vance had via the New York state
Democratic Party the New York City
Democratic Party were direct
contributions to Manhattan DA's Cyrus
Vance's and pain accounts seeing team to
have had an impact on his office's
decision who have previously prosecuted
Harvey Weinstein all never we will never
be able to prove that that's my opinion
but the reason it's my opinion is that
the New York City Police Department's
Special Victims Unit
probably the best in the world at what
they do I would argue they're better
than the FBI because of the amount of
cases they handle New York City's
population so big and rapes sexual
assaults tend to be local and state
offenses they simply handle many many
more of these cases then does the FBI
and they have more experience the more
you handle the more experienced you are
they more often you testify in court be
more attune you become the more
experienced you become the nuances of
that testimony you're required to
conduct and attend more in-service
trainings where you're learning about
the latest advances in DNA technology in
psychology of victims psychology of
offenders and so the New York City
Police Department Special Victims Unit
is far and away the best in the world at
what they do
LA's is pretty damn good too they're
nipping at their heels it might be equal
I'm partial to the NYPD for obvious
reason and they had a very good case I
spoke to some detectives in that unit
that I know two of whom I worked with on
the street they're personal friends and
they all tell me much the same that I
was told by very close friends in the LA
DA's office about the Michael Jackson
case we know this guy was guilty but the
victims are either paid off or terrified
and the damn prosecutors won't try to
make these cases something's up but hey
we're just the cops all we do is rest
you know with the prosecutors I want to
prosecute that's our system everybody's
watch law and order
it is what it is and so what it leaves
you with what it leaves you with are
promit eyes dictums
and really frustrated cops really really
frustrated investigators and so that was
the way this weinstein investigation was
going until Ronin Pharaohs expose blew
the lid off of it
completely blew the lid off of it and
Cyrus Vance the Manhattan DA's office
could no longer they could no longer
help push this thing off it could no
longer push this thing off now you had
Special Victims Unit
detectives whose credibility I can't
remember one case now I bring you
stories of police misconduct when it's
warranted but I mean when I say this I
look back I
old friends and just for my own
anecdotal recollections I can't remember
one instance where in New York City
Special Victims Unit detective was
discredited on the stand where their
evidence didn't hold up because they
meet these victims and I worked those
cases not with SVU but with child
pornography and pedophilia and some
other things and when you meet the
victims all you want to do is do it
right you want to cross every T you want
to dot every I you want to make sure
that you don't miss a thing because you
want justice for them you can't go out
and kill the bad guy which many cops
would want to do these are some pretty
brutal predators but you want to have
them sitting in a cell for the rest of
their lives
if they murdered hopefully you'll get in
the death penalty but you want to leave
every stone flipped over several times
you want to dig three four or five feet
deeper into every hole you want to do
everything right then do it again then
you go an extra 15 miles you really want
these bad guys in jail and that's
exactly what SVU did over the years on
Harvey Weinstein District Attorney's
Office wouldn't prosecute the cases now
with the spotlight on them they are
here's the New York City District
Attorney's Office is a political entity
and typically politicians whether they
be president nighted state senators
Congress people down the local school
board and often elected sheriff selected
prosecutors district attorney State
Attorney's Attorney General they don't
like political or financial hot potatoes
though they tend to blow them off until
spotlight of them and
that spotlight is on them well they can
no longer below those cases on and
that's exactly what Pharaohs expose did
decide Vance's office now
the prosecutor that's on the case is a
female prosecutor I'm gonna put a name
out there because I don't want it like
naming prosecutors for security reasons
their own safety but let it suffice to
say she's been in the office for a few
decades he is a political she is an
outstanding prosecutor I've crossed
paths with her I have a couple of
friends that had made your cases with
her they said she is one of the best
they've ever worked with and one of my
friends who is you've seen him on the
show actually Rob O'Donnell he was
incredibly talented homicide detective
in the NYPD now retired and now he does
law enforcement analysis on this show
and others a good good friend and Rob
and I were talking about this particular
prosecutor and he basically said
weinstein is effort because she's that
thorough that good at what she does and
when you combine now the Special Victims
Unit detectives have a particular
vendetta against Weinstein cuz they know
what he's gotten away with you had this
incredibly talented successful high
conviction rate prosecutor and a monster
spotlight shone on the Manhattan DA's
office I've degree by buddy Rob I think
weinstein is well effed
that all being said the problem still
exists in Hollywood Weinstein is just
one you know symptom of the total
disease one what were one one symptom
that's presenting that's been discovered
and it's now being excised of the total
disease
we've got Morgan Freeman now being
accused we've got bill cosby convicted
Kevin Spacey now Kevin Spacey is under
investigation by multiple agents Los
Angeles and the UK right now I'm
guessing others and I told you the story
before back in 2009 when I was doing
this work I was also consulting a
consulting producer on an NBC show that
eventually did get launched I didn't
make anywhere near the money I thought I
would so yes I cut myself a bad deal but
now it took many many years and I only
had a deal for a certain amount of
episodes but uh it was fun but one of
the producers on it one of the executive
producers and I we're talking about
these types of crimes and we were
strategizing I'll never forget this
we're sitting at the Ritz Carlton Marina
del Rey myself and these two very very
well-known executive producers I won't
put their names out there but uh they're
good guys there were family men they're
good guys they didn't get involved in
the Hollywood scene and all those
trappings they were really quite frankly
thought those people were like nuts
these guys are very atypical for
Hollywood power players they were like
coaching their kids baseball games and
going on family vacations when these
other lunatics were having orgies and we
somehow but Kevin Spacey's name came up
in another movie and one of them said I
don't know how that guy is not rotting
in prison for what he's done to kids and
the other one goes tell me about it I
said really I said you know he always
seemed a little creepy and they said
it's an open secret I said why
why is the guy not sit in prison they
said it no same reason Michael Jackson
isn't the payoffs and the the
intimidation and families who are more
absorbed in getting their kid making
their kids famous and they are in a
scandal in Hollywood him being shut down
so I gave a call to a friend of mine who
was a prosecutor in the LA County
District Attorney's Office and he said
believe me because I couldn't sit there
not notify law enforcement and he worked
think of a friend of mine was another
consulting producer on these projects
and he worked
uh child sex victims and and putting
away pedophiles and I called him up and
I said hey got this heads up on this
actor I don't know if it's true or not
uh and he says oh god because I can't
tell you how much information we have on
that guy but that it's your typical
Hollywood case the victims are
intimidated or they're afraid or they're
you know we don't know but we feel money
was exchanged and quiet settlements but
now that's all coming to light the show
house of cards fired Kevin Spacey he
won't be on the last season and he's now
under criminal investigation in both Los
Angeles and in the UK for many incidents
of both sexual predation on adults and
underage minors as it should be as it
should be and I hope he's convicted now
again all of the things I was told back
in 2009 were opinion and hearsay but the
sources were very very credible so do we
know conclusively that Kevin Spacey is a
child sexual predator and sexual
predator no the evidence hasn't been
presented in court but am i comfortable
saying that if I were still active in
law enforcement based on the sources
based on their credibility is an
investigation warranted as it's
happening in Los Angeles and the UK
absolutely do I feel an arrest will be
made
do I feel the prosecution will go down
now because of the spotlight shown on
all these people very very optimistic
about that and that's all a very very
good thing look Hollywood is not all of
a sudden going to become moral but if we
can make the bad guys think twice if we
can get them to at least consider hey
I'm going to be publicly shamed and
spend a long time in jail
I continue down this path well then
maybe just maybe we can save a few
victims from some heartache and I'm
gonna go much deeper into this on my
longer show off-the-cuff Declassified
today right here on the rebel I want to
bring you this content every day help me
do that by subscribing to our premium
service at www toes go to the App Store
download the rebel app and go to fire
Scott Israel comm sign our petition as
always thanks so much for watching you
have a great weekend a great Memorial
Day weekend I'll see you on Monday
