today marks something of a victory for
rebel media and the team at Hopkins
world in the telling of truth not being
told in February I was in South Africa
reporting on the slaughter of white
farmers by black gangs I took a fall in
the streets of Pretoria and dislocated
my left arm forcing it behind the socket
I remain eternally grateful to the
private paramedics who were on the scene
within ten minutes and injected me with
medical grade ketamine to relieve the
pain before taking me to hospital to
have my arm relocated ketamine is a drug
typically used to deal with gunshots and
stab wounds on the street or on the
battlefield but the mainstream press
chose to ignore all these details just
as they ignored all my journalistic
endeavors in South Africa exposing the
rape torture and murder of white South
African farmers and their families but
suddenly when I was clearly in distress
the bottom-feeding British press were
interested the Daily Mirror ran with
this headline Katie Hopkins detained in
South Africa for taking ketamine as did
hundreds of other lazy media outlets
looking for easy clicks and fast traffic
to their sites irrespective of the truth
or their knowledge of my history with
chronic epilepsy Sky News even made
Katie Hopkins collapses after taking
ketamine one of their top stories and
absolute clarity I've never taken
ketamine have never used any drugs not
specifically administered to me by
medical professionals the mirror
corrected their story to say I was
detained for spreading racial hatred
that wasn't true either
I have never
being formally held arrested or charged
with any form of racial hatred or
incitement ever in truth my passport was
taken from me as I tried to leave the
country on the orders of the ANC who
hoped to prevent me entering the country
in the first place we have documented
evidence of this spreading racial hatred
in South Africa and tell the story of
white farmers being murdered
they don't want journalists like me with
a dogged determination to get to the
heart of the story asking difficult
questions and revealing the truths of
the genocide of the white farmer in
South Africa land expropriation without
compensation translates very differently
at the hands of black gangs on the
ground there are three things I wanted
you to know firstly beware of the
mainstream media the pressure for clicks
and hits has removed any shred of
integrity from their sad world of
recycled copy online when did they
actually invest money sweat and tears to
investigate anything as I have done
secondly if investigating the slaughter
of white farmers in South Africa makes
me a racist then it's a label I wear
with pride for every baby burned in a
bath of boiling water for every wife
raped for every elderly lady tortured
with a hot iron by the gangs the victims
and survivors matter much more than any
names I'm called
and finally thank you to all my
supporters to those who took the time to
report these false stories to the press
regulator and to the independent press
band an organization for standing up for
my truths my documentary plasmoid The
Killing Fields of South Africa will be
released in June 2018 please sign up at
Hopkins worldcom to receive your copy
you
