and I was trying to figure out what
exactly the policy would mean because
you're right Canada essentially already
has sanctuary city policies as soon as a
person crosses into Canada Ezra they get
arrested by the RCMP so so most of these
people are being registered with
authorities as soon as they do they get
their screening and vetting as long as
they pass the initial security clearance
into Canada they can file refugee
applications they get to they're set
free into Canada get to go wherever they
want all they have to do is show up on
the date of their refugee hearing and in
the interim they already get access to
every single Canadian social program
every welfare program they already get
health care they already get education
you name it they get it so so what
Andrew Horvath is essentially saying is
that the policy that already exists she
just wants to basically double down on
it maybe add some policing elements to
evade CBSA deportation orders but really
Ezra what we know this is all about is
just for to signaling it's it's Andrew
Horvath showing her moral superiority
showing how generous and nice she is
because you know Canada is already super
generous to refugees well she's gonna
take it one step further and tell tell
these migrants you know even even if
you're about to get deported we're gonna
protect you and she's going the extra
mile
I think it's despicable and I think that
many Canadians see through it like you
said I think that these politicians are
really off base with the Canadian public
with the sentiments of the people who
really don't want to be providing such a
safe haven for people who aren't
refugees who are abusing the system
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levante show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
