hey everyone it's me Sheila Gunn read
host of the gun show here on the rebel
end on June 2nd I'm leaving my
stronghold out here in the socialist
People's Republic of Alberta and I am
headed to Toronto to join hundreds of
rebel viewers and rebel fans at the
rebel live now the rebel live is our
version of the annual conservative
Conference CPAC and we've got some
incredible speakers including rebel
contributors and hosts from around the
world that I've never even met yet so
this is going to be as exciting for me
as it is for you Katie Hopkins is coming
back to Toronto now Katie is one of the
bravest people in all of journalism and
she's been covering the stories that the
mainstream media just refuses to like
her incredible work covering the
genocide of white farmers in South
Africa John Cardillo will also be there
he's the host of Declassified here on
the rebel he's a former NYPD cop and
he'll be there to bring us good tidings
from Donald Trump's America
David Menzies is our MC because of
course he's our mission specialists he's
the host of rebel roundup and he is the
very best men on the street reporter in
the entire business we'll also have
speakers who regularly fight for freedom
and liberty on their own respective
battlegrounds we'll have Lindsey
Shepherd who's fighting for freedom and
free thought on university campuses and
Jennifer Breeden who's fighting to bring
awareness about the persecution and
genocide of Christians in the Middle
East will also have Raheel Raza who's
been fighting for Reformation in Islam
and it's your chance of course to meet
rebel commander Ezreal event now those
are just some of our speakers they're
all great they're always interesting
they bring unique perspectives on
freedom and liberty and free speech and
conservatism it's a day full of food and
refreshments where you can share ideas
and discuss your passions with your
fellow travelers in the conservative
movement will have rebel merchandise and
books there for sale including those
great fire win lawn
signs we're going to discuss dangerous
ideas and we won't give a damn about
political correctness I can promise you
that now I was at last year's rebel live
and it was incredible and this year is
poised to be bigger and better than last
year and if you're not able to make it
out to Toronto well then not all hope is
lost because if you're a rebel premium
subscriber you can watch the event
livestream on our website now for all
the details or to buy tickets and to see
the lineup of incredible speakers head
over to the rebel live.com and I can't
wait to see everybody there for all the
dates details and location or to buy
tickets head over to the rebel live.com
and if you're not able to make it out to
Toronto but you still don't want to miss
the event now's your time to pull the
pin and get yourself that rebel Premium
Subscription so you can watch the whole
event live streamed on our rebel website
again for tickets and details go to the
rebel live.com
