the non-uk born population has hit a
record-high but don't worry everything's
fine
so bright bar and the Daily Mail and
some other outlets have been reporting
today about the new numbers from the
Office of National Statistics and the
new new numbers have shown that the non
UK born population has hit a record high
in the UK with one tenth of people being
foreign nationals now I mean we we've
had immigration in the hundreds of
thousands for about twenty years that's
how high it's been and that's that
that's even taken into a consideration
the people that are leaving the country
it's a crazy amount of people and the
populations shot way up
Breitbart reported the non UK born
population of Britain has continued to
surge after the brexit vote hitting a
record high and approaching 10 million
with there's much of the growth down to
open borders with Europe true jumping by
3 percent in one year the non UK born
population surge from 9.2 million in
2016 to 9 point 4 million in 2017
according to the latest ons figures that
were released this Thursday the non
British citizen population increased
from 6 million to 6.2 million in the
year rising up four percent over the
same period and the number of European
Union born people in the UK rose by a
hundred and seventy thousand last year
to 3.7 million breaking the number down
the Romanian born population now this is
a really interesting point that
Breitbart was noted here out of the ons
figures is that the Romanian born
population of the UK grew by eighty
thousand to three hundred and ninety
thousand suggesting migrants might be
rushing to the UK before border controls
are introduced after breaks it because
Teresa Mays made it very clear right
from the beginning that anyone who lives
in the UK from the European Union will
not be permanently settled elsewhere
these people will have rights so of
course it makes sense that people are
going to be flooding in for a from
Romania if they know that once the deal
is done and dusted and as we learn today
it could be 2023 until the transition
period is over people have got years to
just keep on coming in and then be you
know guaranteed
maybe not citizenship but the right to
live here permanently after the brexit
referendums results has been implement
Romanian migrants are now as numerous as
the Irish born population traditionally
a significant minority in Britain my
basing stuff
the Daily Mail went further they
basically just broke down the numbers
for us and they say parts of London will
swell by a fifth now this is a really
interesting bit that I want to talk
about today it's the fact that different
areas of the UK are increasing and
declining so it says here parts of
London will swell by a fifth over a
decade and bear in mind
London's got no room for more people
it's barely it's struggling to cope as
it is there's not enough brownfield so
even building of houses that it needs
there's nine of brownfields there's
nothing there at the talking I've
mentioned before about building up of
train lines in the UK in London that's
how serious it is but still regardless
it will swell by a fifth over a decade
as immigration helps push England's
population to 58 point five million and
more Romanians now live in the UK than
Irish latest official estimates suggest
London will grow by eight point eight
percent in the decade to 2026 I mean
we're already close to 9 million in
London and it will grow by eight point
eight percent in the decade to 2026 city
will be home to nine point five four
million as birthrate in immigration push
up numbers every region of England is
due to see population rise over the
period ons se's nearly half the
predicted increase of one point seven
two million is accounted for by
immigration so it's not just birth rates
if people still pouring in from all over
the world separate ons figures show
Romanians second most common non UK
nationality now if we look just at
London let's look at the plate places
that are rising the most in terms of
population now the places that are
seeing the biggest increase in numbers
not just through birth but through
emigration Tower Hamlets Barking and
Dagenham and Hackney these aren't fluffy
you know English
traditionally English parts of London
I mean Tower Hamlets is known really
Tower Hamlets now is just famous for the
huge levels of voter fraud and
corruption
and it's large Muslim population that
areas on track to increase by 17.8%
by 2026 to three hundred and fifty four
thousand barking in Dagenham were
interestingly barking and dagenham is
one of the places where the scooters are
stolen from which are then used in
central London to commit scooter crime
where people drive past on scooters and
and take phones and wallets and things
like that the yeah I've read before and
I've reported before The Barking and
Dagenham is one of the places where
people go to go on Nick those scooters
and it's another example of a
multicultural success story in England
Hackney again similar story 13.3% to
reach 309,000 that's a huge increase in
numbers and as I say these are these are
the multicultural success stories of
London but they're also work a crime
happens there also were people are
getting stabbed to death I mean these
aren't wonderfully traditionally British
places to live but here's the stark
difference let's look at the areas that
are gonna dip decrease so this there's
two places noted here in the ons
statistics barrow-in-furness is
predicted to go down the population will
go down by four point six percent to
sixty four thousand four hundred and
Copland will decrease four point two
percent to sixty-six thousand four
hundred what makes barrow-in-furness
and Copeland different to these specific
areas of London we've been talking about
well the barely affected by migration
sorry I know it's an inconvenient truth
some might say but it's true
barrow-in-furness was over 97% white
English in 2011 nothing to do with race
here what this means is it's not
affected by migration it's a
traditionally English part of the
country I sang for Copeland actually
it's again over 97% white English
according to the last census so
multicultural Britain is increasing the
ghettos are getting bigger and more
populous and as these ghettos get bigger
and more populous more crimes being
committed London's turning into a war
zone and we've got and again as that
population increases a traditionally
sort of left-wing immigrant voter
is gonna guarantee more wins for labor
and the more labor wins in big cities
and ghettoized areas like London at the
worst it's going to get look at City can
things get worse he lets them get worse
people vote for people like Sadiq Khan
and they get worse and it's this
horrific cycle and add to the fact that
the populations in these areas is
increasing and we've got two problems
with this one is the fundamental shift
in national identity replace the people
replace the culture fairly simple
concept and this is especially true if
it's done over a very quick period of
time if you replace the people like this
the culture is going to change with it
but at the same time we've got an
economic effect here and I saw a story
that came out today the same day as this
and it's that the NHS needs tax rises to
prevent misery so the NHS which came
about as a post-war consensus you know
the all the big party is joining
together and admitting that maybe we do
need nationalized health care to look
after our own people and it's something
British people are very proud of sorry
to my American viewers maybe some
Canadian viewers who don't like that the
Brits are very proud of the NHS and I'll
tell you now it used to work it used to
work I'm only 25 but I remember as a kid
it worked brilliantly but we weren't
completely overrun with immigration back
then but there's a BBC story here that
says taxes are going to have to rise to
pay for the NHS if the UK is to avoid a
decade of misery in which the old sick
and vulnerable are let down say experts
the Institute for Fiscal Studies and
Health Foundation said the NHS would
need an extra 4% a year or 2,000 pounds
per UK household for the next 15 years
that's an insane amount of money it said
the only realistic way this could be
paid for was by tax rises it comes as
ministers are arguing behind the scenes
about NHS funding
so multicultural success stories like
Hackney embarking are increasing in
population and places like
barrow-in-furness and Copeland are
decreasing our nest eat a sixer showed
us that migrants are still pouring in
from across Europe and probably will do
until 2023
ish whenever the transition period ends
and they'll probably be given permanence
rights to stay here once they get here
and all the while people are coming from
all over Europe all over the third world
are gaining access to our treasured
public services like the NHS and now
we're being told that because people are
coming here who haven't had a chance to
actually pay into the system yet that
the British people have to pay higher
taxes in order to pay for it I don't
bloody think so
I pay my taxes everyone else pays their
taxes we pay into a system that benefits
as if other people want to benefit from
this system they've got to spend some
time paying into it first obviously
there's an imbalance if you bring in
people and give them immediate access to
public services we're facing a
two-pronged attack in the UK its
economic and its cultural for as long as
you bring in people from all over the
rest of the european union as long as
you people you bring in people from all
over the third world there will be a
replacement of people there will be a
shift in culture there will be ghetto
ization there will be demonization there
will be segregation that's going to
happen when you bring in millions of
people in a matter of years of course
that's going to happen and is it any
wonder that in places like London in
places within London where people have
been affected by this disastrous
state-sponsored multiculturalism project
is it any wonder kids are going out
stabbing each other what are the people
of London have to look forward to and so
let's be honest what do the people of
Britain have to look forward to at this
point accept higher taxes higher
immigration higher levels of segregation
and more violence if you like that and
want to see more remember to like and
subscribe and download the new rebel app
from the Apple App Store and the Google
Play Store
you
