another police officer killed while the
liberal media in King use to vilify cops
on behalf of criminals now not much
information is known on this one all we
know right now is that a Baltimore
County police officer a female officer
was killed last night while responding
to a burglary call this from the
Baltimore Sun let me read you the first
paragraph the Baltimore County police
officer was killed in a confrontation
Monday as she responded to an afternoon
call in Perry Hall setting off an hours
long manhunt for suspects as police
searched them densely-populated
suburban neighborhoods now as I record
this segment for you the suspects still
haven't been found police are not
releasing how the officer was killed but
it appears this was not gunfire
witnesses according to the Baltimore Sun
story a police would not confirm what
types of injuries were suffered by the
officer a four year veteran a sign of
the Parkville precinct of the Baltimore
County least not the Baltimore City
police however a witness saw the officer
whose name has not been released yet hit
by a vehicle
now the officers responding to a call he
was for a possible burglary involving
for a suspect a police spokesman however
said now that was the police chief turns
cherdon he said it was a call for a
burglary with four suspects
but another police spokesman
contradicted that said the call was for
a suspicious vehicle now it's very easy
for that to happen this doesn't mean
that the police are inept what it means
is that Chief Keef can be reading the
initial 9-1-1 call then subsequent to
that more 911 could have come in that
said you know it's not a burglary it's
just there's a suspicious vehicle parked
in front of this house this building we
think there might be a burglary being
planned or pending or in progress and so
it's very common and very easy for those
two things to be confused and conflated
don't read into that as any kind of
incompetence on the part of the chief on
the part of the spokesperson and
obviously investigators are looking into
this it's a densely populated area yeah
local City Councilman says with a lot of
streams valleys places to hide pools
were on lockdown apparently apparently
about 2,000 students was trended in
schools well into last evening this is
this is just terribly tragic another
young I'm assuming young was on the job
for years police officer killed now many
of the roads had been shut down and when
a police officer is shot when a police
officer is killed by being run over by
any means it's all bets are off the
cavalry comes rounding departments come
they lend dogs and horses and
helicopters this is no different
Baltimore Sun piece here homicide
detectives are working with Aviation k9
units and heat-sensing technology
Thermal scopes do search for the
suspects at least one along Belair Road
as night fell and they said the dark
will not hamper our investigation we're
gonna be in this through the night and
all day tomorrow of course they were
gonna shut down roads they're gonna do
everything they can possibly do set up
phone banks for incoming tips they're
gonna find these people they're gonna
find these people because the police
really are that that wall that blue wall
between public and rampant crime and
anarchy and someone's gonna kill a
police officer well they're gonna kill
anybody
that's why I'm a fan of stiffer penalty
federal death penalty for the murders of
police officers it should be taken away
from the state into federal court I know
that's a very controversial topic but
we've got to make this we've got to make
we've got to get serious about this and
maybe we should be deputizing all
police's federal marshals but the murder
of a police officer can be tried in
federal court and not be left up to
local juries who are sometimes
sympathetic to the criminals now we see
that happening even more often in the
liberal media over the last couple of
weeks couple of it last week we saw the
liberal media crying for Hamas
terrorists we saw the liberal media
simply just beside themselves teracle
that Donald Trump dared called raping
murdering ms-13 gangsters animals well
this is story from the New York Daily
News now the New York Daily News hates
legal gun owners the New York Daily News
would love to see the Second Amendment
eradicated very very liberal liberal
publication
but here's how they're framing a story
about a 21 year old man who walked up
next to an NYPD bruiser an NYPD patrol
car from the 45th precinct in the Bronx
his friend engaged the two police
officers in the car in conversation
while this genius look a photo with a
firearm he pulled an illegal pistol out
of his belt took a photo and then put up
some ghetto language which already you
in a moment
the liberal media is bending over
backward to make this guy the perp the
guy who posed with a gun near a police
car he was a maniac he was a murderer
but he shot them both dead
it wouldn't have even seen it coming the
New York Daily News is making him out to
be the victim and I'm gonna tell you
every word they wrote and just how I'm
Yuri ating it is on my longer show off
the cuff Declassified today right here
on the rebel I want to bring you this
really important content every day we're
gonna stay on this story about the
murdered police officer until the
suspects are hunted down and in custody
or dead I'd be fine either way
I want to do it every day so please
subscribe to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org load the rebel app and
go to fire Scott Israel please calm fire
Scott is real calm and sign our petition
as always thanks so much for watching
I'll see you tomorrow
