it looks like there really could be a
snap general election by the end of the
year but it's not going to be Teresa
Mays decision so I was right sort of
uh-huh I said last week that there's
probably gonna be another general
election by the end of the year and
there's more reason to believe that that
might well be the case but I was wrong
in saying that maybe Theresa May will be
mad enough to do it because it looks
like if there is going to be one it's
not gonna be by Teresa Mays choice so
there's a report here from The Times
Tory MPs prepare for snap autumn
election as Theresa May hit by breaks it
deadlock we're not far off the brexit
deadline now it's only next year
Conservative MPs are preparing for
another snap general election as they
fear the brexit deadlock will become
insurmountable for the prime minister
seems like that's gonna be the case to
me I mean she's already pretty wobbly on
this so I've spoken to the local party
associations asking to be readapted as
prospective parliamentary candidates in
readiness for an autumn election the
backbench MP s acted after meeting
Theresa May last week for a private
brexit briefing as she tried to stop a
row over Britain's future customs
relationship with the European Union
tearing the party apart but far from
being reassured by meeting the Prime
Minister they left Downing Street
convinced that another election could be
around the corner so the newspaper then
went on to say that a Tory brexit her
from Parliament had told them that he
couldn't see how the government could
square the circle and come up with the
trading relationship that both sides
like now he could mean both sides in
terms of the UK in the EU that's one
problem but the other problem is
actually squaring the circle and coming
up with a plan that both sides in
Parliament want the actually multiple
sites in Parliament want the same MP
also said that it'd be impossible to
keep remain Tory MPs like Anna sue Bri
happy at the same time as keeping Jacob
Riis Maude happy this is like for
Americans watching this this is like
trying to square Rand Paul's ideas
with John McCain it's not doable is it
they're completely different sides of
the coin now is that a surprise well the
thing is most Tory MPs actually backed
remain this is what amazed me about the
2017 general election people voted Tory
including me I'm sorry to say we voted
Tory because well we wanted at least a
chance of breaks it going through
I vote for anyone else meant that you
know if you voted you kid then Labour
gets in and it you know it's the first
time I've ever tactically voted so
people voted Tory on the basis that they
thought we were going to get breaks it
through with the Tories but you know
most of the MPs in the Tory party backed
remain including the prime minister so
is it any wonder it's all going to hell
but as much as I don't like to reason a
there's a lot I've got a lot of problems
with her her job is very difficult right
now and I kind of feel sorry for her
she's trying to keep the EU happy keep
britain happy in terms of the general
public and keep both sides of her party
happy and stop the labour party having
too much ammo on her I mean Jeremy
Corbyn is already calling for her to
step down and let labour have a shot at
government which is terrifying
so not only she being blocked by the
House of Lords which is repeatedly
blocking legislation it's a very real
possibility that if Theresa May can't
get legislation passed in the Commons by
her own party then there's going to be a
vote of no-confidence and that's
probably going to trigger another
national election to decide who runs the
country they don't have to but they
probably will end up doing it because
the Tory Party is at war with itself now
the same MP who spoke to the time said
after speaking with like-minded
colleagues I've raised this with my
association association chairman and
asked them to get on with readapting me
as the candidate in my seat in
anticipation that we could go to the
polls as early as the autumn I'm even
preparing my first leaflet drop for the
summer so Tory MPs are already planning
to keep their seats so here are some
facts that are relevant to this this
real very real possibility so there's
more than 10 hardline regs or tears in
the parliamentary Conservative Party
that want to leave with no deal if I was
Tory MP I'd be one of them Jacob Riis
MOG is the head of a Euroskeptic Tory MP
group that's got sixty members Labour
proposes that we stay in the customs
union and there's some people in labour
who propose that we stay in the single
market as well including I believe the
newest Labour MP to be Janet Dobby who's
standing for Lewisham east and Mae has
just had to appoint two he's amazed just
had to appoint thirteen new peers to the
House of Lords to try and address the
balance in there because legislation
just keeps getting sent back to the
comments to the Commons with suggestions
for amendments which usually say we
should just stay in the EU and finally
Mae's still being held to ransom by the
Democratic Unionist Party which i think
is the funniest thing about the 2017
election so all these things are working
against Mae and I think it'll be just
enough to trigger a vote of
no-confidence so maybe there will be
another election and you know what this
will probably be the real Bragg's
election we say that the 2017 of action
was the brexit election maybe it wasn't
I mean we had that election because you
know realistically David Cameron had to
step down he did and he made way for
Theresa May but then Theresa May was
faced with this difficulty of getting
breaks it through because she didn't
have a big enough majority in the
Commons so she held the election and she
lowered her majority and Nightmares
ensued and she had to try and pass EU
withdrawal reg legislation with the DUP
and now this is disproving completely
impossible and now the British public
have had a chance to see how well she's
capable of working the British public
have had two years of waiting for brexit
maybe now if we hold an election now and
the Tories are smart about who they put
up for the seats if they got rid of some
or if not all of the remain MPs and
changed them so that they were breaks to
tears or at least people willing to vote
for breaks it may be the Tories could do
better than they did last time but the
the polls right now as it stands the
latest poll conservatives on 43 labour
on 39
it's not too different to 2017 the
Conservatives got 42.4% and labour got
40% so Labour's are a bit of a
disadvantage probably the anti-semitism
stuff didn't help
conservatives are about a point ahead of
where they were in 2017 if they do this
if there is another general election the
Tories should be smart they should
change their candidates to brexit
candidates and I think they'll win by
quite a big margin if you want to see
more from me and the rest of the rebel
team remember to download our app on the
Apple App Store and the Google Play
Store and like and subscribe
you
