oh joy here we go again
which group occupies the very top of the
human rights totem pole is it Islam or
is it the LGBTQ community
you see turns out a female Muslim spa
employee refused to shave the legs of a
transgendered woman and this brouhaha is
all headed to litigation now hey pass
the popcorn this ought to be good
astute viewers of this space may recall
my rant last week in which I chronicled
the human rights conundrum at the Peel
District School Board you see last year
this school board in the name of
reasonable accommodation allowed for
gender apartheid mosques in its schools
there were huge concerns about these
mini mosque given that the peel board is
taxpayer-funded and supposedly secular
and is allegedly committed to gender
equity but Islam Islam is a protected
species by those on the left so all
those Hindu and Christian and Jewish and
Buddhist and Sikh parents who expressed
outrage over Sharia law at a public
school well the peel board told those
Islamophobic bigots to piss off ah but
when it came to flying the rainbow flag
to commemorate the LGBTQ community
suddenly the peel board was more
sensitive to concerns being floated
concerns by whom oh I think you know who
so now the peel poo Bazaar deep in
thought as to whether those rainbow
flags will ever see the light of day
Islamophobia is verboden as for
homophobia ah maybe not so much and so
it is that in peel region it is Islam
one LGBTQ zero for all those at home
keeping score well if the mosques versus
the rainbow flags made for a raucous
round one this week we get round two but
this Islam vs. LGBTQ brouhaha isn't
being contested at a school board
rather at a beauty spa here's the dealio
a transgender woman which means this
person was born a man but is now
identifying as a woman tried to book a
hair removal treatment last March at a
Windsor Ontario spa called mad Wax
according to a report by radio station C
klw the transgendered person was told
she could not be accommodated because
the only person to do the waxing service
that day was a practicing Muslim woman
and this woman refrains from physical
contact with males outside of her own
family now I suppose that even though
the transgendered person thinks of
itself as a she the Muslim staffer still
considers this person to be aji oh it's
so complicated isn't it well the next
thing you know that transgender woman is
filing a complaint with the Human Rights
Tribunal of Ontario claiming she was
denied services based on her gender
identity and gender expression the
complaint who wishes to remain anonymous
is seeking $50,000 in compensation for
quote immense harm to her dignity
end quote now as an aside folks if
anyone wants to ransack my dignity
I'll acquiesce to that request for just
half that amount of money be thanking
you in any event the spa's lawyer ray
Khiladi says mad wax welcomes all
clients regardless of sex gender gender
identity or sexual orientation but and
it's a big but here the spa also quote
respects its own staff and religious
beliefs and feelings of safety and
dignity in regards to the right in not
performing waxing services that they
don't feel comfortable providing end
quote you see the trans woman could have
come back the following day to be
accommodated by a non-muslim staffer but
that wasn't good enough and so it is
that a human rights Smackdown begins
Kali which identity group will prevail
this time in the meantime you know who I
really feel sorry for folks that would
be the owner of the spa Jason Carruthers
I mean this entrepreneur
went into the beauty business to make
people's lives nicer I mean a spas all
about tranquility and serenity now and
beautification and now this poor guy
already shelling out big bucks on
lawyers fees is heading toward a
kangaroo court that may come come over
the head with an additional fifty
thousand dollar penalty mad whacks
indeed for the rebel dot media I'm David
the men's I'd been ZZZ hey folks I can't
wait to see you at the rebel live event
that's coming up on Saturday June the
2nd oh wow what a jam-packed slate of
guests we have as will event of course
Sheila Gunn read John Cardillo Katie
Hopkins wow you're going to miss this so
please go to the rebel live.com and get
your tickets today
you
