a couple weeks ago I reported on John
che Neela polled
a University of Michigan professor who
first agreed to write a recommendation
for one of his students who is trying to
study abroad but then reneged on that
agreement when he found the student was
planning to study in Israel since then
several other parties have weighed in
the school has punished John and a
second professor at the same university
has declined to recommend another
student she had already agreed to
recommend after finding out that he was
studying in Israel let's take a look you
Mitch American studies professor John
Cheney leupold has stood by his decision
to go back on his decision to write a
recommendation for student abigail anker
to study in Israel but with one little
modification he told Abigail as you may
know many university departments have
pledged an academic boycott against
Israel in support of Palestinians living
in Palestine but it is actually against
UMich policy for departments to divest
from or boycott Israel Cheney leupold
now says he slipped up because he was
doing departmental business around the
same time he wrote that email and that
he meant to say that many university
professors not departments are
boycotting Israel the professor also
elaborated on his decision not to write
the recommendation saying I declined to
write the letter because I believe in
equality Israel's nation state bill
makes it so only Jewish citizens of
Israel have the full right to
self-determination he also said that the
Palestinian infant mortality is three
times higher than that of Israelis
linking it to apartheid which makes me
curious does that mean America is also
an apartheid state that black infant
mortality rate is nearly three times
higher than the Asian one and here's
another factor if Cheney LuPone had just
written the recommendation and let
Abigail study in Israel maybe she would
come back as a BDS advocate maybe she'd
return a newly minted social justice
warrior anyway the University of
Michigan has now decided that John will
not receive a merit raise for this
school year and will not be able to take
as a planned sabbatical in Jan
or embark on one for two years you Mitch
interim dean Elizabeth Cole said your
conduct has fallen far short of the
universities and colleges expectations
for how LSA faculty interact with and
treat students this letter is a strong
warning that your behavior in this
circumstance was inappropriate and will
not be tolerated
the professor has gotten some support
from more than a hundred alumni as well
as a group that said we support in
affirm professor john cheney l' upholds
right to boycott israel his actions are
the same demanded by palestinian civil
society and served to recognize and
resist forces committing human rights
violations to punish professor cheney
loophole for his actions would curtail
his own academic agency that was a
statement from students allied for
freedom and equality which is an
interesting name because how about
freedom and equality in terms of
students studying wherever they want
university of michigan vp rick
fitzgerald called the decision to let
politics influence how much help a
professor gives a student disappointing
and the option initiative has also
called for the professor to be
sanctioned also recently a second UMich
teacher this time ta Lucy Peterson also
went back on her decision to recommend a
student to study at Tel Aviv University
she said I'm so sorry that I didn't ask
before agreeing to write your
recommendation letter but I regrettably
will not be able to write on your behalf
along with numerous other academics in
the US and elsewhere I have pledged
myself to a boycott of Israeli
institutions as a way of showing
solidarity with Palestine I don't think
you Mitch has punished her yet but what
do you guys think should professors only
way students merit when deciding to
write recommendations or is it okay to
let politics and perceive notions of
justice and equality influence those
decisions let me know in the comments
below
for campus unmasks i'm rob shamrock if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
