Wow
what a weekend coming up if you're into
that whole royalty thing you've got the
royal wedding on Saturday in England and
closer to home here in Ontario you have
Victoria Day the holiday we all
celebrated me so we're just wondering
will people to show their allegiance and
loyalty to the Queen will they either
take a knee or do a curtsy well let's
find out
an honor the Queen will you demonstrate
your loyalty by taking a knee or doing a
curtsy no how about you sir would you
take a knee to show allegiance to the
Queen I mean I'm actually American so
we're just asking people to show
allegiance to the Queen will you take a
knee for her sir oh how about you sir
didn't ruin his blue jeans I refuse to
take a knee
I'll be yourself man will you curtsy or
take a knee to show your allegiance to
the Queen will you either take a knee or
curtsy no don't have to be on both knees
just one knee oh so it's like proposing
someone like I plan on doing either
it's a queen now I don't really feel the
Queen wedding the royal wedding
what does that mean well you either take
a knee or do a curtsy I mean we have a
day off on Monday isn't that worth
taking a knee or doing a curtsy
I'll take a knee okay I will thank you
sir yes thank you thank you very much
you're a true patriot thank you very
much sir well I respect her but I that's
it a curtsy we'll take it
miss Merkel's an American and she's
marrying into the royal family will that
make you take a knee yeah sure I'll take
a knee okay then will you take a knee
come by after dinner maybe on a full
stomach you'll have a different opinion
yes
justice
so we're just asking people to show
their allegiance to the clean will you
either take a knee or curtsy think I'm
gonna have to curtsy where's this going
by the way
sir rebel medium F well I would repel
against Victoria day a curtsy fantastic
and how about yourself man these goats
via cats a fire away we're waiting who
are true patriotic English woman how
about yourself ma'am would you take a
knee or do a little curtsy lady I'll
probably do a curtsy too
yeah together we're gonna bring it back
here we go excellent nine out of ten
hear your best British accent very good
that's very good so there's nothing I
can do to convince you to do a curtsy or
take a knee right here at Yonge Dundas
Square make me do that not on the down
the floor of Yonge and Dundas Square
it's been through a lot thank you so
much into yourself man like the Queen
yeah of course I'll curtsy for you Oh
ten out of ten
for the Queen how many yourself ma'am
split decision
oh you an doing here oh that's the point
where do you want to go to do this maybe
to England hey folks don't forget
Saturday June 2nd rebel live is coming
up we have a host of fantastic speakers
from Katie Hopkins and Ezra Levin -
Sheila gun Reid and John Cardillo please
go to the rebel live.com and get your
tickets today
