I'm being sued by the mayor of molenbeek
a Muslim no-go zone in Brussels Belgium
she's told all the newspapers in Belgium
that she wants to censor my journalism
about her city because I reported about
something terrible that she did I really
need your help and I'll tell you how in
just a minute but first here's some
background molenbeek is the jihadi
capital of Europe even their mayor
Francois Shipman's describes it as a
breeding ground for violence countless
terror attacks around the world have
been plotted there including the
horrific attack on Paris in November
2015 that killed 130 people and wounded
more than 400 and after the Paris
attacks the terrorists actually went
back to molenbeek to hide knowing that
they would be safe there in fact it
wasn't until four months later that one
of the Paris terrorists
Salah abdel-salam was finally captured
the people of Malin Beck had kept him
hidden from the police for that long
here's the thing when I was in molenbeek
investigating the jihadi capital of
Europe I literally bumped into the mayor
Francois Shipman in the street so I
asked her a simple question why didn't
you do anything
after all she knew a month before the
Paris attack mayor Shipman's was given a
list of jihadist plotting in molenbeek
and Salah abdel-salam name was on the
list I asked her why didn't you have the
police arrest him and she told me it
wasn't her job she actually said that
and she said it again and again here
watch the interview for yourself yes it
worked we had a list but this list was
no it was not the job of the local
police to follow those people this is
the job of the Federal Police and still
now is the job of the Federalists well
that video went viral and so did my
other videos from molenbeek including
when I made a list of all 22 mosques in
town and when I put on a burka to fit in
with the submissive women there well
mayor Shipman's watched my videos and
instead of fixing molenbeek terrorist
population she wants to fix me she says
she's going to sue me on behalf of
molenbeek saying I have defamed their
reputation really because I think it's
impossible for mullen Beeks reputation
to think any lower than it is they did
that all by themselves and because of a
mare who says it's not her job to arrest
terrorists I need your help
mare Shipman's has all the government
resources at her disposal she has
lawyers she has funds I'm an independent
journalist working with rebel media and
we're a hundred percent viewer-supported
can you help me level the playing field
can you help me fill my legal defense
fund so I can keep fighting for the
freedoms we believe in and the
separation of mosques and the state if
you can help me with my legal bills I'll
keep fighting I know we can win this
case my journalism was fair and accurate
and she's the one abusing the courts
mare Shipman's admitted she had a list
with Salah abdel-salam name on it it was
her own statement that was embarrassing
not mine any judge would throw the case
out but that's not the point of this
lawsuit
it's designed to harass me to silence me
to stop other journalists asking
difficult questions about Islam and open
borders it's designed to instill a sense
of fear in public discussion a kind of
libel chill if you think it's important
we talk freely about terrorism please
help me and the rebel cover my legal
bills please go to save Hopkins calm to
make
secure online donation whether it's $50
$100 or 500 it all adds up let's show
this mayor we're as passionate about
freedom as she is about censorship the
mayor wouldn't protect her people she
said it's not my job well I'm going to
do my job and that's to tell the stories
other people won't tell if you help me
pay for a lawyer to fight this lawsuit I
promise to keep fighting to tell the
stories that aren't being told please
visit save Hopkins com thank you to see
the videos that the mayor of molenbeek
doesn't want you to see go to Hopkins
WorldCom and if you can help me stand up
against her bullying tactics for
censorship then do donate at save
Hopkins com
you
