he tells her she can pay the ticket or
fight the ticket which sounds legally
correct to me and he asks her to sign
the ticket but she objects now it's true
you never have to sign anything someone
puts to you including a police officer I
mean you just don't have to but here's
why the cop asked her are really told
her to sign it because it's her promise
to either pay the ticket or fight the
ticket in court as opposed to just
driving away and never coming back
because if you recall she said she was
from South Carolina and this was in the
Commonwealth of Virginia here he
explains it all right so which is sign
in here is a promise to either come to
court I promise to prepay it's not an
admission of guilt it's only a promise
to me that you're gonna get it taken
care of by either coming to court or pre
paying it if you refuse to sign the
summons at this point I'm gonna have to
get you out the side of the police call
outside of this car I'm gonna place you
under arrest and take you in front of a
mad shirt I will get your vehicle code
and go from there so yes ma'am you do
not have a choice you have I don't care
about that you do not have I don't care
who's on the throne I'm talking to you
right now you do not have a choice but
to sign this summons so once again
you're standing right there so thank you
I knew you will sign it thank you very
much
all right appreciate it very much and
you have a very safe day okay thank you
and we're done now that last part wasn't
too friendly was it but he explained
this point if she didn't promise to
either pay the ticket or promise to come
back to court to fight the ticket those
are basically your two options he would
have to arrest her and bring her to the
magistrate the judge right then and
there and wasn't friendly anymore but it
wasn't particularly rude and there was
no sexism or racism was it that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levante show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including
always two interviews today and I read
my hate mail just click on this screen
and become a Premium Member
you
