US Embassy opens in Jerusalem as John
Kerry works overtime in Paris for the
Iranians and against the United States
the US embassy open in Jerusalem now
finally and formally recognizing that
city as the capital of Israel thumping
the United States should have done
decades ago we should have always
treated Israel as a strong ally but of
course Barack Obama hated Israel Barack
Obama's heart and mind was with the
aggressive Muslim nation surrounding
Israel the ones like Iran whom Barack
Obama gave 1.8 million for the be what
am I thinking million 1.8 billion
dollars in pallets of cash dropped off
on a Turanian runway in the middle of
the night there's nothing shady about
that right I mean not like countries
doing legitimate business wire transfer
or Bank crafts or you know new
international money transfer no no no no
you drove every everybody drops pallets
of cash off on a runway don't think
Pablo Escobar found a way and el chapo
found a way to use electronic bank
transfers to their advantage but not
Obama
you know Bhama Obama has to do it yeah
the most shady way possible
then guaranteeing them another 150
billion dollars but the embassy opening
Jerusalem and what the mainstream media
is not showing you and telling you know
there are images all over the place and
I received images from some friends but
they asked me not to share them friends
who were there is there a part of the US
delegation and the angle of the images
would have betrayed who they were and
they weren't authorized to release any
images yet but in one of the images they
sent me there's a bus a bus and it's
wrapped you know I was one of those
promotional wraps on it Thank You
president Trump Israelis are waving
flags they're thanking the United States
this particular person told me there are
Trump signs everywhere now Netanyahu and
Trump have been personal friends for a
long time but this was an alliance that
needed to become rock-solid again the
world is a very dangerous place and
without Israel
as a partner as a partner now that they
are again in that region it becomes even
more dangerous but but some more
anecdotal information on a friend who's
there with the US delegation told me
that the mood is nothing but celebratory
even in the areas near Gaza near the
Golan Heights where there's a lot of
unrest right now where there are attacks
happening and the IDF actually stopped a
terror attack there a bombing the
Israelis have this renewed sense of hope
they're very upbeat they're very
positive because they know that the
United States once again has their back
look they're always gonna live in fear
of attack they're always gonna live in
fear of possible annihilation by the by
the aggressive Muslim nations around
them but at least now at least now they
know that they've got a strong ally in
the US now last week I had former CIA
station chief Scott you linger on the
show and he made a very interesting
comment and so I started asking people
if they had seen the same and Scott said
he had operated against Iranian assets
and he said one of the things that the
Arab Muslim nations won't tell you
that they see the Israelis as somewhat
superhuman the the IDF the Israeli
Defense Force the Mossad their
intelligence services because of the
operations they pull off the
assassinations of really bad actors
they're able to undertake and carry out
and when I started asking around the
people in the intelligence community the
global law enforcement community cool
person they said oh yeah that's true
oh absolutely there's this this
insecurity complex the Arabs have toward
Israel especially with regards to
military and intelligence capabilities
but the Arabs also understood the the
advantages of scale they're just a lot
more of them in the region and there are
Israelis and so that always put Israel
despite the surgical precision of the
ideas can be IDF in the Mossad at a at a
disadvantage because mass and movement
to foundational doctrines of military
power of war put Israel at that
disadvantage if you move enough bodies
across somebody's border rapidly enough
and you don't care about losses and you
have wave after wave after wave coming
well eventually you're gonna do some
damage you're gonna win it's essentially
how the Germans beat the the much better
equipped much more well trained how the
Russians rather beat the Nazis Nazis
being much better equipped much more
well trained in World War two it was
just sheer numbers they just kept
running at them even if the first line
got mowed down and half of the second
line could pick up a rifle and kill some
Nazis and the third than the fourth and
the 300th they just kept coming and so
Israel was always running the risk of
that well that risk is significantly
mitigated with this renewed alliance
with the United States and so what
they're telling me those friends of mine
who are there in the delegation is that
the mood is is a renewed strength they
said even with these early officials
their meeting with whom they've known
for years and in the IDF and the
intelligence community the diplomatic
corps they now they they again don't
have the concern they had it's more of a
proactive let's now move it forward
we're not now ISRO's on in a defensive
posture they're really starting to think
about an offensive posture a progressive
posture with regards to their footing in
the world and
and I think that is nothing but
outstanding it makes the world a much
safer place
now again anecdotal to be sure but these
are people who have many many years
dealing with with this on the
intelligence side the military side the
diplomatic side people I'm talking to
one on the US side of the world
they're close friends and counterparts
on the Israeli side but back at the
cinema to people people have been
celebrating for days people on the
American side started getting there last
week their parties there are are these
celebrations in the street there are
these gatherings they're naming a park
in Jerusalem after Donald Trump small
little Park like I said they told me
this one of the guys I know he said to
me he said I didn't know if I was in
Jerusalem or Orlando he said part of the
symbol like a trump rally they were
holding signs you know from space and
Netanyahu's face and then he that's what
he showed me the picture of the bus he
shared up he texted me a photo of this
bus this bus just came running through
and thank you president and Trump the
bus a look at it almost was like Trump
wrapped that himself because the letters
were like in a six feet high and it said
Trump across the bus like Trump likes to
do to his own properties and his planes
and everything else but man isn't that
great isn't it great that the United
States has an ally in such a volatile
region that isn't that ally isn't only
because of the leaders of the United
States and Israel having a good
relationship and they're being mutually
beneficial geopolitical and economic
reasons as to why those countries should
be allied isn't it great that the people
of Israel and the United States have
such commonality that the people of
Israel look to Donald Trump and say we
respect that guy he's got our back and
many Americans myself included well man
we breathed a collective sigh of relief
when Netanyahu took the reigns in Israel
again
finally finally Israel had somebody in
power that understood the geopolitical
situation in the world and quick a
digression in side note when Netanyahu
wasn't in power I had actually gotten on
a nacelle a train from DC to New York
and I was the only person in the
first-class car of the Acela train today
I'm track Acela it's the train that runs
a little bit faster between the
Washington DC New York corridor in the
New York Boston corridor the speedy
train to get you in about a half hour 40
minutes faster and a couple of cops came
on with dogs and they swept the train
and they said hey well we don't can we
look in your bag we have a somebody
coming on the train I sure whatever look
at bag boom and Netanyahu came on with
it one security guy in one aid and we
wound up chatting for about an hour
going back about oh ten years or so it's
just one of the most brilliant people
I'd ever spoken to a very nice man but
it was you know one of those little
moments in history you don't forget in
your own personal history but my
takeaway from that was this is a very
competent very brilliant guy and but
also westernized Americanized it was
very easy for me as a guy from New York
you're just on a you know man-to-man
level relate and Netanyahu and I think
that's why there's this empathic OH
between him and Donald Trump and why
Americans and Israelis are in many
respects able to get along so well
there's a lot of similarity especially
even from a city in America so this is
really an alliance we need much like and
I would argue it in many respects coming
from New York with a large Jewish
population now linked in South Florida
but a large Jewish population have many
Jewish friends I probably am more in
common with Israelis than I do with
someone from say London just culturally
so it's it's it's an interesting
Alliance we have there and one that I
hope we keep for many many years that
one person who doesn't understand that
Alliance is John Kerry former Secretary
of State
John Kerry has been lobbying on behalf
of Iran now last week I read you the
Logan act and I after each sentence I
essentially explain what John Kerry did
and it was so identical who would
violate the statute it's so perfectly I
should say violated the statute it was
almost as if John Kerry was walking
around with a copy of the Logan Act and
going okay so this is what I would do to
violate sentence one of the Logan Act
and did it all right let me get my
script out oh okay that was true the
Logan Act and he did it and it was like
he violated the Logan act on purpose on
purpose
and uh well John Kerry did it again he
did it again because just over the
weekend he was caught meeting with
Iranians in Paris he did have security
detail
how was he caught well an American was
sitting in the restaurant and took
photos of him doing it
they actually have photographs of John
Kerry trying to subvert the United
States of America on behalf of the
Iranians and I'm gonna tell you all
about this I'm also gonna give you the
names the Iranians he met with yep
they've been identified
Jason Osborne former Trump adviser but
some of the photos out on Twitter his
friend was in the restaurant and took
the photos and Twitter a user son of
middle-east identified these people they
compared photos of the name that they
had identified it's clearly them because
uh they got full front on facial photos
clearly them I'm gonna tell you who
these people were
I'm gonna tell you all about that
meeting on my longer show off-the-cuff
Declassified they right here on the
rebels I want to keep bringing you this
content every day so help me do it
subscribe to our premium service at
www.andyjenkins.com
