ladies and gentlemen it is a cold day in
hell while simultaneously freezing over
swine are swirling above our heads and
the 12th of never is here I never
thought I would see the day when anyone
in late-night entertainment Connie or
otherwise actually praised the president
but Saturday Night Live host Michael che
who in the past has called the president
a cheap cracker which if you have half a
brain and a pulse you know that Donald
Trump is not cheap but this weekend on
SNL he actually praised the president
Omega clutched my pearls except I'm not
wearing any but of course the praise was
sprinkled with insults but nonetheless
there were actually a few encouraging
words present I saw them I heard them
believe me I am as shocked as you are
but after a week chock-full of victories
for the Trump campaign including but not
limited to three American prisoners
returning home after successful
diplomatic negotiations between North
Korea and our president and Secretary of
State and five top Isis officials being
captured it's about time they regain a
tiny sliver of their journalistic
integrity and I use that term loosely
with them and start talking about the
things that most people are seeing on TV
and in the news and thinking damn this
guy is really doing a bang-up job now
I've got to say when those three men
stepped off the plane after being held
in North Korea when they stepped off the
plane at 3:00 a.m. with that big
beautiful American flag with the
president and the first lady I was
thinking you know it's such a stark
contrast to the last administration who
couldn't even be bothered to pick up the
phone in the middle of the night to
answer a call from four Americans who
were repeatedly pleading and fighting
for their lives anyway it's been a darn
good week for POTUS and I guess SNL
finally decided to recognize it but
again there are plenty of insults so
take this with a grain of salt in his
monologue on Saturday Michael che said
this I mean sure this has been a decent
week for Donald Trump the same way a
decent date would are Kelly is to go
home dry
personally I don't like when Trump is
this quiet it's like when I'm
babysitting my nephew and he's quiet for
too long and I'm like oh no he's eating
out that little box again well we feel
the same way about you Michael che
except when you are quiet we're actually
hoping that you're eating from the
litter box the litter box belonging to a
cat who just ate rat poison and washed
it down with antifreeze just kidding I'm
sure he's poisoning his body enough on
his own with a plethora of recreational
substances but I can I guess somewhat
sympathise with the whole I'm worried
when he's quiet thing because you should
be because Donald Trump is a man who
works basically 24/7 we know that he
hardly ever sleeps and he has his hands
in about a dozen jelly jars at a time
accomplishing things and making good on
promises that he made during his
campaign and if you didn't like the
things that he talked about and promised
on the campaign trail then yeah you're
gonna be worried and pissed when those
things happen which they will so go
ahead and start your proverbial freakout
you know the one that you had after the
tax cuts after the Obamacare mandate was
done away with Paris climate Accord TPP
moving the embassy to Jerusalem oh yeah
and of course the Iran deal but you are
backhanded compliment Michael che we
will take it for now because when no
codine nuclearized
i want to see you dribbling with praise
and adoration because the man deserves
the Nobel Peace Prize unlike your Lord
and Savior Barack Hussein Obama thanks
so much for watching everybody I'm
Amanda head for the rebel if you enjoyed
my commentary and opinions we have an
unlimited supply of them here at the
rebel so subscribe to our premium
content at WWWE a forward slash shows
follow us on Facebook and Twitter for
all of the latest news and download our
app for the rebel media on the App Store
that way you will have instant and easy
access to all of our latest videos and
your favorite rebel shows thanks so much
for watching I'm Amanda head for the
rebel
