so given that we now awkwardly reside in
the post me to era how is that changing
the ancient ritual of human interaction
well beware folks the consent police
might be coming to a dance floor near
you meet - Neal Deeb she's a captain no
she's not a police captain or a military
captain or even a hockey team captain
she's a so-called consent captain let me
read the lead from a Canadian Press
story that could easily be mistaken for
content derived from the onion here goes
a Victoria event venue has hired a so
called consent captain to help prevent
sexual harassment and assaults as bars
and nightclubs across Canada grapple
with how to respond to the me2 movement
- Neil gay by a sexual health educator
and intimacy coach has been hired by the
Victoria Event Centre to counsel people
who are feeling harassed and to speak
with those who are making others
uncomfortable she said she's been doing
a similar job at the crush collective a
queer dance party for about 18 months
yeah queer indeed in the story - Neil
says she's not there to police people
and their behavior and then goes on to
describe how she polices people and
their behavior here's how consent
captaining works
this creature invites herself over to
tables where people are having a good
time she then starts interrogating the
partiers asking if they've experienced
or witnessed anything that might be
construed as being sexually offside if
someone should point out a person who
was offensive and Connelly knows what
offensive means these days well then -
Neil will march over to the offending
miscreant and give him a tongue lashing
a-hole
that's all she uses her tongue for oh
and if you thought going to a club was a
place to kick back with a few cocktails
well watch out Tennille also has this
tendency to turn herself into the
personification of the women's Christian
Temperance Union by singling out people
she deems too intoxicated for her liking
good golly what pray tell is the next
logical step for this roving consent
captain how about this maybe if she
spots a couple hitting it off
perhaps Tennille can pull out a legal
document requiring the signatures of the
duo noting exactly what sort of physical
contact is and is not permissible should
romance take lease later that evening
can you imagine
hey folks please sign here and here and
initial here here and here I hereby now
give you my consent Wow naturally the
usual suspects are praising this
whiz-bang feel-good initiative such as
Lane Foster who is the inclusion
coordinator whatever the hell that is at
the Victoria sexual assault center said
foster quote sure nightclubs can be
wonderful places to have fun and party
and dance and engage with your community
but I also think they end up creating
spaces where a lot of harm gets done
they're not safer spaces
end quote gee who knew that a nightclub
was indistinguishable from oh I don't
know the hinterland of Afghanistan in
that regard I guess we really are so
blessed indeed to have consent captain's
although the story fails to point out if
to kneel is packing heat which I think
might be a prudent thing for her own
safety should she ever try this stick at
the local biker bar now if anything the
fact that there's a demand for such a
matron of morality is surely indicative
of how we've lost our own internal
compasses and perhaps even our humanity
I mean the interaction between the sexes
is all part of the human condition
sometimes there's magic in the discourse
other times
don't go so well but even when things
don't go well contrary to the me2
fanatics this is not an automatic
example of sexual harassment you know I
think back to how I first met the lovely
lady men Zoid way back in 1988 we were
lounging in a hot tub at the fitness
club we both attended one thing led to
another in three decades later we're
still happily together
but what if Tennille had decided to get
involved that day what if she had
eavesdropped on our conversation and
decided that my remarks were unwanted
sexual harassment and that it was time
for her to do one of her interventions
well the point is this nosy Parker would
have derailed a happily ever after story
before it even began thanks to her
unwanted interferance and another thing
how is it that this person gets to
occupy the moral high ground to begin
with who does to kneel Gabe answer to
indeed how does that ancient Latin
phrase go qui custodiet Ipsos custodes
in english who watches the Watchers for
the rebel dawn media I'm David the men's
I'd Menzies hey folks I personally hope
to see you at the rebel live event that
Saturday June the 2nd we have all sorts
of rebels coming out as relevant
Sheila Gunn read John Cardillo and so
many more other fascinating speakers
please go to the rebel live.com and get
your tickets today
you
