just what group occupies the very
pinnacle of the human rights hierarchy
is it Islam or is it the LGBTQ community
well thanks to the Peel District School
Board we now have a definitive answer
it's Islam of course
you know there's an amazing story
brewing in Peel Region which is located
just west of Toronto just don't expect
the media party to tell you what's
really happening though you see this
month many schools in Canada will be
raising the rainbow flag to celebrate
the International Day Against homophobia
transphobia and biphobia but as it
stands now that flag won't be raised at
Peel Region schools why well as The
Globe and Mail reports there have been
concerns voiced about raising the
rainbow flag gracious concerns concerns
by whom you asked well the story doesn't
say of course that might be you know
insensitive to some people that we must
always be sensitive to but I'm gonna go
out on a limb here and speculate you see
the Peel District School Board is yet
another school board that embraces
Sharia last year this school board which
is publicly funded and supposed to be
secular and is supposed to be committed
to a policy of gender equity ie girls
are equal to boys and women are equal to
men
well this school board permitted the
establishment of gender apartheid
mosques in its schools to accommodate
Muslims who want to pray so much for the
separation of mosque and state I guess
and so it is that on Fridays the Muslim
boy sit up front in these makeshift
prayer rooms where as the girls are
relegated to the back of the bus oh and
those girls on their periods they have
to stand way way at the back you see
because they're considered unclean
during this time of the month
and for those nosey Parker's out there
asking how can the ringleaders tell if a
girl is on our period sorry folks you
really don't want to hear the answer to
that query and it gets worse whereas the
prayers used to be read in English a
prudent idea if the imam starts going
down that do-rag or path about you know
killing the Jews and the infidels well
those pears are now in Arabic I wonder
how many supervisory staffers at peel
district speak Arabic
oh I'm sure there's nothing to worry
about though now going back to your or
so ago there were indeed concerns about
Sharia law coming to peel public schools
big time concerns in fact we attended
several peel school board meetings in
which this topic was up for discussion
those meetings were jam-packed and often
the police had to be called just a
restore order here check it out but hey
what are those parents no folks a bunch
of dumb Hindus and Sikhs and Christians
and Jews and Buddhists because the peel
board basically told those concerned
parents to well go to hell
Islam is the religion of peace after all
and if we don't acquiesce to the
hardliners well Islam can be the
religion of we're going to blow you to
pieces so yet again might makes right
because it is 2018 which brings us to
the here and now the LGBTQ staff
committee at the Peel District School
Board said that in the fall it had been
led to believe that the pride flag would
be raised in the schools yet the chair
of the board Janet MacDougall once again
reiterated that she's heard concerns
about that initiative and whereas
concerns about gender apartheid mosques
were dismissed as the rantings of
racists and bigots and Islamophobes
concerns about the LGBTQ community are
well you know maybe those concerns
should be taken seriously right so as it
stands now the peel board will mull over
the idea of raising those rainbow flags
thanks for your input
folks have a nice day in any event I
want to profess and sear thanks to miss
mcdougal because when it comes to the
ongoing file of dueling human rights the
top two contenders lately have been
Islam and the LGBTQ community but there
can only be one identity group residing
at the very top of the Human Rights
totem pole and thanks to Janet mcdougal
and all the other tall foreheads at the
Peel District School Board I think we
now have a definitive answer for the
rebel dot media I'm David the men's ID
Menzies hey folks I'm so looking forward
to seeing you at the rebel live event on
Saturday June the 2nd we have Katie
Hopkins as well event John Cardillo
Sheila Gunn read so many other fantastic
speakers please go to the rebel live.com
and buy your tickets today
