what has upset the applecart really is
initially and in the past there have
always been fake news and there was no
big trouble in the United States because
presumably the Republicans and the
Democrats both used it and it was just
balance but then came this idea that the
Russians have imbalanced this but you
know it hasn't been proven and nobody
knows how much effect it had
but as well let me tell you with respect
to what really happened when I was in
Chile on the occasion of giving a
lecture there at an institution a common
institution the school for diplomats
it's important to mention this and I
wasn't there on the merit of my
political views I gave a lecture on the
future of the international monetary
policies institutions for future
diplomats so I walked around the town
and to my astonishment at that time I
could not see any demonstrations that I
had seen almost every day on the CBC
when I was in Vancouver
well if somewhat strangely I went to the
Canadian ambassador put my calling cards
through a slot he came out nice and well
so nice to see you professor grewal what
can I do for you and we had a chat and
he said well complaint or concerns over
the difference between the number and
ferocity of demonstrations against
Pinochet that you see in on the
television in in Canada and the actual
on-the-ground experience here several
people have asked me why is there this
difference and he said let me tell you a
story last week my spies found out that
a
television crew from the CBC had arrived
in Santiago Airport we followed them in
the next morning they went to a poor
area of Santiago where they met with
1015 people who went to a garage picked
up and type in O'Shay placards waved
them and arranged themselves in a
procession where the camera showed as if
it was a really large demonstration and
the next day in Vancouver in British
Columbia in Canada the people of Canada
were shown a demonstration against
Pinochet in Santiago yeah it never took
place that's an excerpt from my daily TV
show the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
