it seems like attacking brags in trying
to undermine it at every possible
opportunity is the cool thing to do in
politics right now and Mayor Kahn is in
on the action an article just caught my
eye on Breitbart and it says mayor calm
worked with European Commission to
launch pro mass migration brexit
campaign there's something I didn't
expect it says London Mayor Sadiq Khan
has launched a new initiative allegedly
directly supported by the European Union
which frames brexit as harmful as well
as a cause of division and Auntie
migrant sentiment so it's an event
called common future
and it was organized by my life my say
you might remember my life my say there
was an article back in April 2017 in the
express youngsters launched better
brexit crusade demanding same talks even
if you didn't vote nice so that's a
little quick look at this video that's
caused a bit of uproar when it first
came out
do you feel that everything is
overwhelming do you feel like you have
no say in what's going on are you
worried about the future post-breakfast
do you feel like breakfast is going to
work for you how is breakfast going to
affect housing will I need a visa to
work abroad I love that the biggest
concern people have is well I need a
visa oh my god what am I gonna do when
we leave the European Union I've got a
borrowed visa just get a visa just go on
the internet get Visa buy a visa brexit
can be an opportunity as well as a
challenge it can open up opportunities
beyond Europe that we haven't had access
to before that's why I believe that
young people should have a say in the
brexit negotiation you did have a say in
the brakes of negotiations if you're 18
you could go out and you can vote we are
gonna live with the outcome of this our
friend and the longest and this is our
opportunity to stay mobilize and to make
sure that we have a say in the bricks
that negotiations young people deserve
the same breaks it as they were most
likely to feel the outcomes the longest
if we don't have a see now when will we
ever have a say I recognised there see
where she stood and it looks like she's
next to shipping containers I went there
once some friends took me there and he
was all for it's the most hipster thing
ever
it's shipping containers stacked on
top of each other and they've got
restaurants within the shipping
containers and you look at the menus and
you don't know what any of it means most
pretentious crap I've ever seen in my
life
my brexit my brexit my breakfast my
brakes it my breaks my break City my
brakes it is one in which Britain enjoys
global relationships one in which it
expands its trading opportunities around
the world that means more jobs for you
and more prosperity for our country okay
I'm bored I'm bored but I remember the
the scandal over this was it was
demanding that people had a say in
brexit even if they didn't turn out on
boat
so this is this group that's basically
trying to engage young people in the
results of the European Union referendum
and you know what the sort of saying you
know this comes from the left you know
they're coming from an angle that all
brags it could screw everything up but
you know maybe if we do this and maybe
if we change things slightly and maybe
if we allow free movement and maybe if
we do this or that and actually make it
not brexit there naturally I'll be fine
and that's what this was about this is
what this event was about the common
future event
according to attendees at the city hall
event on Twitter the initiative seeks to
address anti-immigrant narrative and the
divisions following the brexit vote
anti-immigrant narrative honestly
anti-immigrant narrative is such an easy
get out for these people because it's
not anti-immigrant narrative really it's
it's anti mass immigration narrative
prominent jeremy corbyn's supporter and
former National Union of Students
officer sherry Asquith reported that
maricon told the audience real
leadership isn't about playing on
people's fears but about listening to
and addressing them as well as blasting
let's stop playing on people's fears and
understand them my left bomb cheek is he
ever gonna start listening to people's
fears and understanding them this is a
man who who brushes off anyone who dares
question immigration his party brushes
on brushes off anybody who dares
question immigration now this my life my
say claims to be a non partisan group
but I did a bit of researching and
Breitbart themselves so this European
Commission funded so I went on the
website and I'm looking round our
mission my life might say is a youth-led
national non partisan movement
wha-hoo we worked with central working
and clear thinking I don't see anything
about the European Union here so maybe
look on about us
trustees no European Union they're the
team nope nothing about the European
Union still this is funny isn't it this
is the press very proud of the press the
impact they've had so maybe we have to
google it my life my say European
Commission that's Google that oh there's
an article on Google MLMs projects
putting young people at the heart of MLI
mass in partnership with the European
Commission representation in the UK is
proud to announce that we will be
hosting a series of Caffe so in
partnership they're proud to announce
those click that
whoops 404 that's funny nothing about
the European Commission on the web side
hmm my wife might say Wikipedia let's
have a look European oh there it is
European Commission they work in the
partnership with the Department for
existing the EU in the UK and the
European Commission I wish they'd be a
bit more open about that so what can we
expect well the website says by better
brexit we mean one were those that will
live with the outcome the longest the
youth are placed central to negotiations
and breaks it works for them so really
what we're talking about here is making
it easier for youngsters to work abroad
funny that I thought they were more
interested in benefitting Britain but
hey-ho just more chaos and nonsense from
Sadiq Khan what does one expect if you
like that and want to see more remember
to like and subscribe and download the
new rebel app from the Apple App Store
and the Google Play Store
you
