in molenbeek this bar labelled sh is
where the two brothers brahim and salah
abdeslam plotted the terror attacks in
paris that happened on the 30th of
november 2015
here is where the brothers organized the
team that carried out the attack here is
where they recruited people to deliver
on the attack with them and here is
where friends and their associates
hurried on and kid seller r - he escaped
after the terrorist attacks in October
Abdul Salam purchased 12 remote
detonators and a number of batteries and
15 liters of peroxide on the 26th of
October 2015
Abdul Salam was named on a list of
people suspected of involvement in
terrorist activities provided to the
mayor of Malin Beck and the mayor said
she did nothing about it because it was
the responsibility of the Federal Police
and on the 13th of November just a few
weeks later Abdul Salam coordinated the
slaughter of a hundred and thirty
innocent people in France and the
maiming of a further 413 and they wonder
why people get angry he was on the run
for four
he was one it was one of the largest
manhunts of history and he was found
right here back in mana back because
this community hid him this community
knew what he was doing this community
aided and abetted him and then hid him
from capture and that's what you're
dealing with when there's a G Hardy
hotbed like this in one week not only
does it allow people to carry out
attacks on our daughter's innocent
people in Western Europe it also then
protects them in the aftermath I find it
very hard you know there's something
emotionally it's very distressing but
from this very building a guy had potted
it
the mayor of molenbeek was warned about
him in October 2015 she did nothing
about him and then in November he went
on and killed 130 innocent people and
made the batter plan attack happen it's
sickening to me that this sort of thing
is accepted as every day in places like
this the jihadi capital of Europe I'm
here to bring you the truth from the
jihadi capital of Europe we've kept
expenses to an absolute minimum but if
you can contribute I'd be grateful at
Hopkins WorldCom
