hey folks remember the good old days and
I'm talking about Oh three weeks ago
when PC leader Doug Ford promised that
all candidates would go through a
nomination process and then Doug Ford
promptly appointed eleven candidates
including some who are really liberals
well just will you see how one of those
liberal appointees tried to hoodwink the
people in the press only to be caught
red-handed
Doug Ford has been adamant or he was
adamant that the current PC party unlike
the dark old days of Patrick Brown would
be beholden to the grassroots well those
grass roots are looking about as natural
as astroturf in a dome Stadium these
days
consider Meredith Cartwright she's a
lifelong liberal she once ran one of the
largest liberal Woman's clubs in the
country and she's a human rights lawyer
to boot and despite that resume she was
appointed as the Progressive
Conservative member for Toronto Centre
how is that even possible
not only was there no nomination process
but Meredith is about as left-of-center
as you can possibly get so prior to the
Ontario leadership debate on Monday
several Meredith Cartwright supporters
assembled outside the City TV studio in
downtown Toronto and we spoke to a few
what's making support marriage the
Cartwright sir good hi guys how you
doing there are you guys married
supporters elbow yourself sir Cartwright
supporter I that makes you support her
Wow I'm a conservative Christian and so
the value is more or less line up more
because murdered the Cartwright is a
lifelong liberal I'm just wondering what
makes her a PC member all of a sudden
I'm not sure I've nachi ever been
thought I've been followed more than
she's run as a liberal she should be the
president of the largest liberals club
Women's Club in Canada so how does
someone like that become a PC can could
be just the policy she's seeing the
effects of the Liberal Party over the
years and Cartwright supporter just
wondering why is Meredith Cartwright
running as a PC she's being a lifelong
liberal
um I guess she has to do what she's
asked to do
to make things happen right I mean it
seems to be a quite a diverse you know
shifting and values and the fact that
she got appointed as a candidate there
was no nomination meeting which Doug
Ford was promising is that problematic
for you a dollar not at all it's what
the people want
so as Meredith Cartwright announced that
she's renounced her liberal values from
previous years maybe you should ask her
that she here today it was a big crowd
you got to find her but I'm here to
support Meredith Cartwright you know
they really don't seem all that engaged
do they and oddly a woman who would
later describe herself as Meredith
Cartwright's life partner began
whispering in the ears of these
supporters and what she said was this
don't talk to the media check it out
hi guys Meredith Cartwright supporters I
don't know if we should be talking to
the press and be talking aloud but
although the Merida's won't allow you to
talk to us I haven't spoken to her I
can't really speak thank you
hey guys that's a little weird isn't it
or is it because check this out it was
later revealed that those weren't
meredith Cartwright supporters we were
interviewing but rather they were paid
actors by the way the going rate for six
hours work of being a Meredith
Cartwright bogus booster is $75 that
works out to 1250 an hour Oh Meredith
you mean you didn't even pay these
douches minimum wage what a gyp but she
can reassign we did eventually get to
speak with Meredith herself check it out
just wondering how when did you become a
conservative that's an excellent
question well I think I became a
conservative when I joined the party for
the purposes of voting for leadership
okay I mean you've been a lifelong
liberal human rights lawyer human rights
lawyer is antithetical to being a
conservative too you are we talk about
the human rights commission or tribunal
or just being I think being you having
principles stand for Human Rights is not
antithetical to conservative principles
in a real court but not in the kangaroo
court that's right
in any place I think standing up for
human rights I think is not in
opposition to being a conservative well
be your opinion of the Human Rights
Commission and Human Rights Tribunal
right now I don't have one really
ignorant human rights lawyer no I am
here right Sawyer but right now as we
speak
I don't have I don't have an opinion
right now as you speak on the Human
Rights Commission I thought that would
be right in your wheelhouse being a
human rights lawyer no I am a human
rights lawyer and and I've got the cases
to prove it but right now I don't have a
formulated opinion on the Human Rights
Commission yeah she's a human rights
lawyer but has no real opinion on Human
Rights Commission's and human rights
tribunals
isn't this akin to a fisherman having no
opinion on fish and that ladies and
gentlemen is your hand-picked PC
candidate for Toronto Centre and that
ladies and gentlemen is yet another
stellar example
of one of the reasons why the PCs might
just blow this election come June 7th
for the rebel dot media I'm David the
men's Lloyd Menzies hey folks I hope to
personally see you on Saturday June the
2nd for our second annual rebel live
event rebels galore from the big bossman
himself as relevant to Sheila gun Reid
and Jon Cardillo and lots of other
fascinating and interesting speakers go
to the rebel live.com and get your
tickets today
