I am a big booster of ordination I've
been a big backer of the Fords
but I'm sorry Catherine I've seen one
promise after another broken even before
Doug Ford gets into office and then I
saw quite frankly the betrayal of the
woman Tonya Granick Ellen that put him
in the office without her is Christine
Elliot who's the leader of the PC party
I just I just can't support a party
that's doing these kind of backflips
even before it gets elected I understand
what you're saying for sure I guess I've
been in this sort of small p political
business they're not not so much
partisan as as public policy and what
not for many decades now and frankly we
all have to compromise unfortunately and
I think it's a matter of sort of looking
at the ledger what or is the cost
where's the benefits you know where's
the positives where's the negatives I
think there's no question for it as made
as mistakes I guess at this stage of the
game however frankly David I would vote
for my dog before I would vote for
either win or Horvath i I just feel at
least my dog would do no harm and both
of them with their platforms it kills me
how the Liberals and the NDP and not
just in Ontario as we know they have all
these ideas about how to redistribute
wealth they haven't a clue how to
generate it in the first place and of
course the Ontario Liberal and NDP
platforms are full of you know that kind
of philosophy but so I mean it's a
there's no question there there have
been back there's been backtracking and
so on I think part of it is for its
personality he is a bull in a china shop
and maybe the bull needs a few smacks
upside the head to make him realize he
can't just wing it off you know off the
cuff in the case of Tana cranek
attending cranek Alan and I I think that
maybe they should have done more work
she did she did she did say some pretty
you know appalling things a number of
years ago and these days as you know
something you said 20 years ago
easily come back to haunt you given the
technology and everything else so I
guess my question is maybe she shouldn't
have been a candidate in the first place
not given the you know appointed as the
nominee and then later I had to retrench
that decision that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
