if you were not able to make it to the
Jason Kenney Doug Ford rally to scrap
the carbon tax on Friday don't worry I
got you covered I was there on Friday
and had the chance to talk to both
supporters and protesters alike the
evening events started out with a gaggle
of protesters gathered outside who were
not entirely sure what it was that they
were protesting they had one sign that
said no Kenny no Ford no fascism but
even helps about as detailed as they got
so I started asking what it was that
they were protesting I I think it's uh
it's good that they're trying to say
that if the guys intoxicated he can get
off like sexual assault
this was the carbon tax rally right I'm
just I'm just here with flavor okay
maybe this next lad rallies for the
carbon tax I'm just sort of wondering
how this all sort of ties together I'm
not going to answer those questions for
you I'm kind of both ways because
I think port is also a fascist piece of
shit who's too busy snorting coke to
give a crap about the constituents he
represents and like if people aren't
going to listen to the fact that like
animals are dying and icebergs are
melting then maybe they'll listen to
money I mean hi Keenan how's it going
I'm doing great
just petition to you know I actually
well you can't say I didn't try
everyone else at the party seems to be
much more talkative the carbon tax was
supposed to give social license to
develop pipelines but so far it's failed
miserably so obviously it's not worth
the mythical paper it's written on put a
stop to this endless spending in Alberta
it's just a tax grab and social
engineering and it's best for the NDP by
the time the event started the room was
packed let's start with Jason I'm sorry
you promised the prime minister a child
killing carbon tax in return for
pipelines we don't have an inch of pipe
in the ground it is time to repeal
Alberta's carbon tax
and even their phony green spending has
vaporized you know remember they
remember the low-flow showerheads and
they she got her body's worth from the
carbon tax now Jason is a good speaker
he got the crowd going but you could
tell he was just the opening act for the
first time in a long time Albertans
packed into that building like sardines
not to hear Jason but to hear the
Premier of Ontario speak now that man
knows his way around the crowd what can
I say from one in Devon Theriot to the
other we went to bars and backyards from
barbecues to bingo halls from Toronto to
Timmins from Cornwall to Ghidorah in
every place in between they attacked us
because the other option is to talk
about their record and the record is
very clear hiking taxes keeping job
creators out of the province dragging
their feet on the energy projects like
the trans bound bike line imposing a
carbon
some families and businesses all they're
telling us all right you support a
carbon tax but I'll tell you you can't
sit on the fence because when you sit on
the fence you get splinters that sounds
really familiar someone's getting
splinters thanks for watching folks if
you have any protest rallies or events
you'd like me to cover drop me a line on
Twitter at economic and if you enjoyed
the coverage please share it with your
friends I hope they enjoy it as much as
I did
you
