today I'm bringing you a quick roundup
of some of the latest lawlessness
happening around the Kinder Morgan work
sites in British Columbia it is complete
chaos and the Liberals and the NDP just
don't seem to care it's mayhem in
British Columbia around the Kinder
Morgan work sites there it's a place
where the inmates are now in charge of
the asylum let me show you some of the
most recent developments over the last
couple of days maybe a week now on
Monday Global News visited the hobo
squat these protesters call Camp cloud
at a Kinder Morgan pipeline worksite in
Burnaby British Columbia now one of
Global's reporters a guy named Jordan
Armstrong said his news crew was
threatened with violence accused of
racism and told not to film on public
property where protesters had set up
their messy little camp one woman told
Global News she disagreed with their
coverage of the protests accusing Global
News of not being sensitive enough
towards the protesters side of things
saying people like you who is probably
third or fourth generation you don't
really understand the history of Canada
and what's happened to the people here
Wow
you know what I'm old enough to remember
when everybody lost their collective
minds when a conservative politician
made note of old stock Canadians
a few years ago now that same woman went
on to say you need to start covering
that and talking about the truth and
exploiting the water defenders here
because calling indigenous people
protesters is offensive its offensive
and not respectful I'm not sure what her
argument is here is it that only
Aboriginal people are allowed to break
court injunctions because that's
probably racist you know another woman
said the reporters were peeping toms and
that's against the law well you know
what that's not how reporting in a
public place works but on the other hand
I'm sort of glad these protesters are
concerned with the
I know so I guess that's a good thing
one woman told global news that no one
has been violent toward anybody and then
she reiterated calls for the news crew
to turn off their cameras right right
right
nobody's been violent towards anybody
except for all those times the RCMP have
been assaulted while trying to enforce a
court injunction to keep these anarchist
wackos away from the people at Kinder
Morgan who are just trying to do their
jobs
in fact three officers were injured over
just the course of four days in March
the attacks on the police officers
included head injuries after being
repeatedly kicked in the head and a knee
injury oh yeah but the squatting
protesters they love to have you all
believe they're just peaceniks swaying
around a drum circle and talking about
mother nature except they're not sitting
around a drum circle they're sitting
atop a piece of drilling equipment
belonging to Kinder Morgan in the Delta
BC industrial park yep that's right more
trespassing to Greenpeace protesters
have chained themselves and have
promised to stay up there as long as
possible because they want to according
to them protect water and stop pipelines
and on Monday a Kinder Morgan protester
named Ian
Angus pled guilty in British Columbia
for violating a court injunction and he
received a $500 fine he was just one of
175 people arrested so far at Kinder
Morgan's two burnaby work sites and
south of the border anti oil protestors
are busy being annoying in Seattle
blocking streets and annoying people in
front of the Chase Bank because
apparently chase finances energy
projects and what our Canadian leaders
doing about all of this a heck of a lot
of nothing now last month Justin Trudeau
talked about a law that he would enact
to assert and reinforce the government
of Canada's jurisdiction over pipelines
but where is this law and why isn't
premier Rachel Notley asking the same
question I am where is
this law and willness law come in time
to save trans mountain before Kinder
Morgan's self-imposed May 31st deadline
to make a decision on the project I
don't know about you but I think it's
already too late for the rebel media I'm
Sheila Gunnery what you just saw there
is my daily video that I do here at the
rebel but I also have my own full-length
show it's aptly called the gun show
where we talk about issues facing
Canadian families but to get access to
my show and the rest of our incredible
premium content treat yourself to a
rebel subscription today
