just a quick one for you today on the
European Union now at the beginning of
every week I like to just check out
what's gonna be going on in Parliament
over the next week in fact it's the only
thing I use read it full I'm really an
old man at heart I have no idea how read
it works but I know there's a really
cool one that says here are all the laws
MPs are voting on this week explain in
plain English brilliant they just list
everything that's happening and so I was
looking what's going on and here's what
I found the terms of withdrawal from EU
referendum bill so that was though
there's a couple of others actually this
the hospital parking charges and
business rates bill I mean the parking
charges at the NHS has been appalling
for years the House of Lords exclusion
of hereditary peers bill secondary
reading so this bill proposes that they
gradually remove hereditary peers from
the House of Lords by scrapping the
by-elections that are held to elect a
new one when one of them dies now I
spoke about this before Tony but I
destroyed the whole point of the House
of Lords by getting rid of most
hereditary peers and the ones that are
remaining whenever one dies they hold a
by-election to replace it with another
hereditary peer and so there's a bill
going through Parliament here this
suggests scrapping that electronic
cigarettes regulation bill bla bla bla
but the one that really stood out was
the terms of withdrawal from EU
referendum bill second reading a bill to
require the holding of a referendum to
endorse the United Kingdom and Gibraltar
exit package proposed by HM government
for withdrawal from the EU or to decide
to remain a member following the
completion of formal exit negotiations
and for connected purposes I mean
there's even waffle in that tiny little
summary but basically what this seems to
be saying is this is a bill that decides
whether we're going to have a referendum
on the final exit package proposed by
majesty's government now this was
introduced by great davies this welsh
name by the way
and he is a british politician in the
labour co-operative party so he's he's
technically a member of poland for both
parties as a member of the co-operative
party and the Labour Party if you don't
know about that by the way look up the
cooperate
of party it's like the hidden giant in
British politics the co-operative
party's just a you know a sort of
socialist labor kind of party that
that's connected to the Labour Party so
he represents both of those he's a an MP
for Croydon central and if you think
that what he's doing with this private
member's bill and a private member's
bill is a bill that is put towards
Parliament that's not coming from
somebody who represents the executive so
basically is someone outside of
government who's presenting a bill who
knows what will happen with this bill
you would hope in theory will get
shrugged off and and ignored because if
madness is it's going against that the
Democratic world for people and suggest
that we just have another referendum
which you know you can't do if you lose
a referendum you can't just keep having
them until you do win them but with the
state of Parliament with the attitude of
the Labour Party
wanting to remain in the customs union
even to resume looking to be
backtracking and talking about a customs
partnership which is just a customs
union agreement who knows what will
happen
who knows if this bill will go through
it's going into the second reading now
which is basically just a discussion to
ensure that everybody understands the
general principles of the bill before it
goes forward on to any kind of votes so
keep an eye out for that and keep an eye
out for this bill and in the meantime if
you want to contact your rank Davies MP
you can do so on his website
ger a int Davi es wk and is email is on
the contact page it's great Davies MP at
Parliament UK maybe give him a message
maybe give an email and in fact maybe
email your own Member of Parliament to
tell them to vote against this bill
cheers if you like that and want to see
more remember to like and subscribe and
download the new rebel app from the
Apple App Store and the Google Play
Store
you
