have you heard about our rebel live
conference returning to Toronto on June
2nd last year's meetup was amazing
this year's is gonna be even better the
rebel live is the most provocative most
interesting and most conservative
conference in Canada we have so many
excellent speakers and we just added
three more people today that I know
you're gonna love here's a big name
Lindsay Shepard the outspoken free
speech graduate student from Laurier
University remember her she was
interrogated by her left-wing professors
for the thoughtcrime of playing a video
clip of professor Jordan Peterson in her
class her leftist professors tried to
crush her for that but she fought back
and she beat them in the court of public
opinion
now she promotes free speech events on
campuses she's going to be at the revel
life also a speaker Jim Carrey Leo's the
Conservative Party activist Jim is the
founder of axe the carbon tax and take
back our PC party his anti carbon tax
policies even got him temporarily kicked
out of the Ontario pcs by Patrick brown
brown even tried to sue him but
thankfully the judge threw out the case
what a grassroots hero he'll be there
and then there's my dear friend Joe
Warmington the best shoe-leather
journalist in Toronto whether it's crime
or politics or just digging a little
deeper in the story of the day and Joe
has been following the Ford family for
years and he's being called the Ford
whisperer
he really gets Ford nation you know Joe
from his many columns in the Toronto Sun
he'll be there too and just a reminder
of the amazing line of some of the other
speakers we've already announced my good
friend David Menzies our UK superstar
Katie Hopkins former NYPD cop and rebel
host John Cardillo or Alberta bureau
chief Sheila Gunn read the founder of
the true north initiative and outspoken
Canadian journalist Candice Malcom from
the Toronto Sun Islamic reformist and
human rights activist Tree Hill Raza the
narrator of our news saved the
Christians documentary and an
international human rights attorney
Jennifer Breeden and our headliner the
host of the hit show CR TV tonight
making his return on the rebel vet
troublemaker
Gavin McInnes it's gonna be an event you
don't want to miss gonna be great oh and
the food is
go to the rebel live.com the rebel
live.com get your tickets now to hear
from all your favorite rebels and meet
them in person I hope to see you in
Toronto
Anjou second that's the rebel live.com
June seconds not far away sign up now
you
