team Obama working overtime to derail
Trump administration's Iran policy
members of the Obama administration the
most failed administration in history
with regards to foreign policy are now
working overtime to derail Donald
Trump's hardline on Iran and the
scrapping of this terrible terrible Iran
deal and one can only ask why the lead
architect of this shadow diplomacy which
in reality is illegal and we're gonna
get into why is of course none other
than John Kerry one of the most
ineffective weakest secretaries of state
in US history this from CNN they're
gloating former Secretary of State John
Kerry has been engaging in shadow
diplomacy that's not shadow diplomacy he
is subverting u.s. foreign policy
what he's doing is most likely illegal
it looks like it's illegal I'm gonna
read you the statute on that in just a
little bit
engaging in shadow diplomacy to try to
preserve the nuclear deal with Iran the
Iran nuclear deal a major diplomatic
achievement of his according to a new
report no it was a major failure of his
it made him look like a fool
it shamed him it's embarrassing because
Iran was telling him one thing and
screwin him behind his back they had so
little respect for John Kerry they
looked at John Kerry as such a weak epic
failure he didn't care what they did
when he wasn't around
they made a fool of John Kerry they made
an absolute fool of him now over recent
months this is from a CNN P CNN is
making John Kerry seem as if he's the
world's greatest negotiators gonna save
us from the evils of Donald Trump's
winning over recent months Kerry has
been holding meetings and speaking with
big players in the Iran nuclear who like
Kerry do not want president Donald Trump
to withdraw the u.s. from the deal the
Boston Globe reported they don't matter
John Kerry doesn't matter he does not
matter he is nobody he's nobody
he's a private citizen who used to be
Secretary of State
he has no right no legal authority and
no power to talk to or negotiate
anything Trump should tell the wall of
DC John Kerry that idiot is persona non
grata
now according to the Boston Globe and
story from just over the weekend here
just from Friday he says John Kerry sat
down at the United Nations orrin
Minister Javad Zarif who discussed ways
of preserving the pact limiting Iran's
nuclear weapons program there's no
authority to do that John Kerry has no
authority to go to the UN and negotiate
with iran's Foreign Minister on behalf
of the u.s. this is ridiculous it was
the second time in two months that the
two had met to strategize over salvaging
a deal they spent years negotiating
during the Obama administration
according to a person briefed on the
meetings now if this is true this poses
even more legal questions for John Kerry
why is he been meeting for two months
with the Iranian Foreign Minister to
preserve a deal when the intelligence
that Israel provided that that's pretty
much the smoking gun needed to scrap the
deal well not only surfaced a week ago
did John Kerry know that Iran was
cheating on the deal but John Kerry know
that Iran was was enriching nuclear
materials for weaponization and he lied
to America he lied to the world and he
helped Iran conceal it is John Kerry
complicit and Iran developing nuclear
weapons while lying to the global
community about doing that
that's it that's a question that needs
to be dug into
that is a question that needs to be
looked into now Kerry has also met with
German President Frank Walther
Steinmeier he's been on the phone with
top EU official Frederica mogherini
don't know she is
he is also met with French president
Emmanuel macron knock grunt likes Trump
II probably think Kerry's a moron and
the globe goes on to say the rare moves
by a former Secretary of State highlight
the stakes for Kerry personally as well
as for other Obama era diplomats who are
the me this made by what they see as
Trump's disruptive approach to diplomacy
and who view the Iran nuclear deal as a
factor for stability in the Middle East
and for global nuclear proliferation now
this is why proliferation this is why
nobody takes CNN seriously CNN is
writing with a straight face this isn't
satire this isn't the onion calm okay
that entering into this deal and
maintaining this deal with Iran Iran a
state sponsor of terror who we now have
irrefutable proof 105 thousand files
that Israeli intelligence grab your
refutable proof that Iran was lying to
the world and weaponizing their nuclear
material under the guise of the Iran
deal which under the deal we had no
right to inspect anything so Iran was
able to find a deal and then be able to
be protected by that deal
to enrich its uranium it's plutonium in
private who weaponize those four as the
materials told us five warheads each
with a ten kiloton TNT yield about four
to five times more powerful than the
bombs we dropped on Hiroshima and
Nagasaki in World War two pretty
powerful bombs would essentially
eradicate the State of Israel would
eradicate Riyadh Saudi Arabia would be
given to terrorists
to create suitcase bombs
dropped in New York Chicago Los Angeles
Las Vegas Dallas Houston Miami you could
pretty much cripple the United States
don't carry one something keep doing
that John Kerry wants them to keep doing
that because some bizarre reason
but for some bizarre reason John Kerry
wants Iran to have nuclear weapons it is
inexplicable inexplicable but then again
as John Kerry we don't need to explain
it we just need to know that this guy is
the biggest moron ever to stand on the
world stage
so Michael O'Hanlon a foreign policy
expert at the Brookings Institution said
quote it is unusual for a former
Secretary of State to engage in foreign
policy like this as an actual diplomat
and quasi negotiator no it's not unusual
it's unheard of it is unheard of it is
unprecedented and and he's Thierry
declined to be interviewed for the story
and people believe that Kerry is going
to have this backfire and upset Trump
even more and it should it should look
this once again improves them okay it
once again proves that the only
collusion collusions not a crime but the
only collusion actually happening is by
Democrats Hillary Clinton colluded with
fusion and GPS to rig the election
against Trump and then colluded appears
with DOJ and FBI officials alright John
Kerry colluding with Iran to allow Iran
to keep nuclear weapons this is
absolutely disgraceful and it may very
well be a criminal violation of 18 US
Code 9:53 private correspondence with
foreign governments more commonly known
as the Logan Act I'm gonna read you the
Logan Act we're gonna go much deeper
into the story on my longer show
off-the-cuff Declassified today right
here on the rebel there's really
important stuff I want to bring it to
you every day so help me do it
subscribe we're a premium service
www.mediaed.org the rebel app it's
awesome and go to fire Scott Israel com
sign our petition if you haven't already
to have Broward County Sheriff Scott
Israel remove for his abysmal handling
of the parkland shooting in many other
matters as always thank you so much for
watching I'll see you tomorrow
