let's see now we've got red ribbons for
AIDS awareness pink ribbons for breast
cancer white ribbons for violence
against women yellow ribbons for those
serving in the military before we run
out of colors here I'd like to suggest
that we all embrace my brand new teal
ribbon campaign that's right teal for
menopause and menstrual Awareness
so from across the pond the Daily Mail
reports that middle-aged female police
officers in the UK are being provided
with crying rooms at work for when they
feel overcome with emotion during
menopause now not being a middle-aged
female myself although from time to time
I to identify is what I'll never really
know the pain and heartache associated
with menopause a female friend once
described menopause as being akin to a
menstrual cycle on steroids which wasn't
very helpful because I've never suffered
from a period either still I do know
from experience that when a woman is in
during that time of the month it is
prudent for one and all to avoid any
unnecessary provocation in any event
with regard to the crying rooms for
British female constables those police
chiefs behind this measure have been
criticized for patronizing female staff
proving yet again that these days one is
damned if you do and damned if you don't
when it comes to the increasingly
delicate kabuki dance known as
reasonable accommodation but even so
other UK employers from universities to
energy companies have also introduced
menopause policies in order to both
retain staff and to avoid being sued for
discrimination all of which brings me to
my idea of having a worldwide teal
ribbon campaign to bring about further
awareness you see asking a woman if
she's in a state of menopause or
enduring a menstrual cycle as a personal
query fraught with danger especially in
this day and age of hashtag me too so my
solution is that those women
experiencing such a temporary state of
despair should wear a teal ribbon a
visual indicator to the rest of us that
it's time to back off bucko
a teal ribbon could also be affixed to
the vehicle of afflicted females again a
visual warning to other motorists that
if she's dry
erratically well cut her some slack
already okay she's not a bad driver
she's just not in her right frame of
mind so lay off the horn or the middle
finger should she happen to cut you off
incidentally I chose the color teal
because it serves as a value-added way
of increasing awareness of menopausal
and menstrual temporary turmoil teal is
not only a color but the word itself
serves as an acronym in this case namely
time of emotional anxiety for the ladies
te al so in addition to crying rooms
here's my hope that the billions who
endure menopausal and menstrual trauma
will at least tip off the rest of us
that we must approach such individuals
with extreme caring and caution after
all what lady wants to be bothered
during her time of emotional anxiety and
all I'm asking for here folks is an
early warning mechanism for the rebel
dot media I'm David the men's Lloyd
Menzies like and subscribe to the rebel
YouTube page and click the notifications
button to never miss our new live show
battleground
you
