so you applied for the summer jobs grant
this year and you saw the religious
attestation and did you write anything
did you mark an X or a check did you
strike a line through it how did you
handle that demand that you submit to
Justin through those personal views well
I guess I can speak to that I was the
one that filled in the application and
you know when I read the attestation
there's portions of it that I didn't
disagree with but there was the inner
voice that said a lot of this the
government really shouldn't be asking
you these questions so because there's
so much built into the attest station
there's a lot of aspects to it so we sat
on it a little bit we talked about it we
decided to mail in our application
without checking it and the government
responded and said that the application
was incomplete they gave us ten days to
fill it in and and I responded with an
email informing them that we wouldn't be
filling and checking it because it was
on unconstitutional for them to ask us
and I take it they just rejected you
after that and moved on and rejected
1415 hundred others in the same way so
it that's sort of the end of the story I
presume is that you wouldn't fill he
wouldn't check that box and that was the
only flaw in your application I take it
they didn't object anything else no not
that we're aware of so now I'm very
pleased to hear that you've teamed up
with the man I believe to be Canada's
leading civil liberties lawyer John
karpay of the Justice Center for
constitutional freedoms tell me about
the lawsuit in layman's terms we'll be
talking to John in a moment but you
connected with him and what exactly are
you demanding the government do well
we're we're asking that whoa we're going
about to get this wrong right I mean
it's it's not constitutional to do this
you know we're we're just disgusted by
this situation I mean our freedoms were
built on people's backs
you know went to war died for our
country and our our freedoms have just
been being willed away both by federal
and provincial governments and enough is
enough
yeah so it's not a matter of not getting
that that funding that's not a make or
break for us as it is some people that
weren't granted it it's a matter of
fighting for our freedoms that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levante show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
