and since when did our rights to access
government programs require that we have
to publicly and positively agree with
the Prime Minister on personal matters
and since when did private citizens have
to publicly renounce themselves in some
Maoist exercise of self criminais ssin
and sorry to be a stickler but i've read
and reread the charter of rights and
there's nothing in there about
reproductive rights i'm sorry and that's
a vague euphemism anyways if you're
saying that one Pro you know the
pro-abortion people only pro-abortion
people can now get government grants if
you're only saying pro-abortion people
can get government grants they just come
on say it
don't you say euphemism don't pretend
that's in the Charter the Charter does
the opposite it protects each of us for
our freedom of thought and belief and
religion and expression freedom of
against the government bullying us about
those matters invoking the Charter while
persecuting people for a religious point
of view that's repugnant that's it's
contrary to the Charter anyways you know
all that and you know that more than
1400 applications have been rejected
because of this religious ban but look
at this news this is from Canada's
Malcolm today controversial Islamic
groups receive cannabis summer jobs
grants let me quote to you from her
story in the Sun today the Trudeau
government has used the controversial
Canada summer jobs grant to fund an
Islamic group with terror ties and
another with a history of anti-gay
rhetoric the son has learned according
to a government database listing
recipients of the Canada's summer jobs
grant both the Canada Canadian Arab
Federation and the Anatolia Islamic
Center have been approved for federal
funding in 2018 do you think those
groups swore an attestation that they
support Trudeau's personal views on
abortion and transgenderism do you
really think they did and if they did do
you think they meant it in any way well
Candace's story is pretty clear in the
Sun today if they actually did sign that
attestation it was an act of tacky
that's the Arabic word for the Islamic
deception of infidels for tactical
advantage that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Ezra Levant show no
one leaves behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews a day and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
