so if you like me and you're obsessed
with politics then you're probably up
all night watching the election results
come in I actually went to a camp last
night I like seeing the action live and
usually the counts are great because
they have a bar and a TV when I've stood
for action in the past I think it was
2014 when I stood against Nigel Faraj
and I got trounced by the way of course
but we had this great bar and there was
big TVs and you can watch the election
results come in live brilliant so I went
to account last night thinking it'll be
the same I can watch the action live and
it was rubbish they barely even had a
cafe was rubbish but anyway what was
interesting is well I'll put it this way
I'm certainly glad that I revised my
predictions on rebel last week or was it
this week because actually the results
were very very different originally I
thought that honestly this was just
going to be a label sweep because the
thing is this is a midterm election and
people want to express their unhappiness
with the current government and let's
face it to reason May is not exactly
popular but it turns out that Corbin is
even less popular than May right now and
the Tories have not done as bad as they
thought so let's just take a look at the
numbers as of right now as of recording
there's still some counts going on at
the moment so this might have changed by
the time this goes out but the
Conservatives are on 1203 seats
they've lost 15 councillors and they've
lost one Council control so meaning that
they control the council they've got the
most councillors in that ward or
district the Labour Party has increased
its share of councillors they've gained
61 councillors but they've lost control
of one council and what's particularly
interesting about this election is
labour really went in on this they
thought that they were going to benefit
from the fact that the Tories are
unpopular right now and they thought
they were going to be able to get one's
worth which is you know a borough that
the Conservatives have controlled for
years years and years and years and the
Tories really had to defend it with all
their might and the I remember
tonight there were some reports that it
looks like labor we're gonna take it but
they didn't
the Tories defended it which is oh it's
fascinating because labor really talked
themselves up and it just hasn't panned
out what has happened though this is
really interesting I predicted about 30
to 40 Lib Dem gains they gained 56
councillors that is not councils they
gained 56 councillors and now they they
control three extra councils the counter
I was out last night was really
interesting to watch because the the Lib
Dem candidate got double the amount that
the person who came second got it was a
huge level of support for the Lib Dems
which it just amazes me who are these
people who vote Lib damn again the same
Ward that I went to the count 2 they
vote conservative in the general
election in the national election but
they always vote live down in the Lib
Dems have been in control in this Ward
for 20 odd years why are people voting
Liberal Democrat it's possible that it's
just well there's two reasons one the
Liberal Democrats are actually very very
good a local level that you know they go
out they hand out leaflets all the time
they do photographs of them pointing at
potholes like to the camera pointing
looking sad and angry they go out and
wash road signs and all that's typical
stuff but it it's obviously effective
because they've won 56 councillors the
Greens have won four no overall changing
council control I don't think they
control any councils by the looks of it
they've got a total of 33 seats but the
real story here is you kid oh it must
sting to be you kit right now it's
amazing to see how a party can rise so
quickly and fall so quickly so at the
time of recording they've lost 119 seats
119 they've somehow managed I thought
they'd lose every single seat but
they've somehow managed to gain or
defend a total of three seats so far so
this is a Total Wipeout for the four UK
but what's interesting is if you take
that hundred and nineteen votes
and look across the board at where
they've gone well Labor's gained 61 the
Lib Dems have gained 56 and the Greens
have gained 4 and the Conservatives of
technically lost people so I've seen
some people on the TV say that what this
means is that the UK voters are going
back to the parties that they originally
came from which i think is true a lot of
them 61 councils a lot of people have
gone back to labour the key
working-class vote that went to you Kip
because it breaks it and they've gone
back to labour and seemingly must trust
labor with brexit but why would they go
back to Lib Dem and I was wondering that
but then it occurred to me of course
that's not necessarily what's happened
here it's possible that the UK vote has
gone back to the Tories but the Tories
have still lost seats because the Lib
Dems have possibly drawn out new voters
or people that haven't voted in a while
the Lib Dems have gained 56 councillors
are gained three councils that's
astonishing though the Dems control 7
councils now so what's happened is I
think the Conservatives have just been a
bit trounced in some regions by the Lib
Dems that's certainly what I saw last
night though Lib Dems won with about
1400 votes than the Tories what came
second with 700
so all these voters are leaving you keep
going back to the Conservatives and it
doesn't matter because the Lib Dems are
beating them anyway that is fascinating
I think but the amazing thing with you
Kip I saw that somebody in you Kip
called the party the Black Death so
let's have a look at this an article in
the BBC you keep his dormant like the
Black Death it's general secretary said
after it suffered heavy losses in the
English local elections why we you would
describe your own party as the Black
Death I don't know
that's mr. as Paul Oakley the general
secretary Paul Oakley said it was not
over at all for the Euroskeptic party
which has suffered since the brig's it
wrote in 2016
think of the Black Death in the Middle
Ages he said it comes along and it
causes disruption and then it goes
dormant and that's exactly what we're
going to do hi yeah yeah I don't think
they can turn this around oh by the way
by the way bill Etheridge I don't know
how much I should really be attacking
politicians here but let's be honest
bill Etheridge just said nasty things
about people like us during the Amory
water's campaign and even beyond he's
called people like us who talk about
Islam neo-nazis racist fascist whatever
he's joined him with all that gang he
lost his seat last night he lost his
council seat Oh
karma Oh karma so I think what this
tells us is the protest vote still
exists in Britain but they've left you
Kipp and now the protest vote is Lib Dem
regardless of their policy on the
European Union actually because this is
a local election it's not based on
national policy and a lot of people
might vote Lib Dem just because they see
them in the in the summertime going out
cleaning road signs and things like that
so protest vote is there but now it's
Lib Dem but here's where it gets
interesting there's a couple of parties
of smaller parties that I mentioned in
my last video that I thought that maybe
you guys might be voting for two of them
were the Democrats and veterans and for
Britain now for Britain from what I can
see had a reasonably good night there
was a tweet from a journalist from the
Guardian who said that for Britain did
terribly but they didn't do terribly
actually so let's look at sand well sand
well near Birmingham there was three for
Britain candidates so in one of them
we've got here Charlemont with their
Grove Vale Ward Sam Harding from for
Britain came third behind the Labour
Party and the Conservatives and she beat
you Kip a party that appeared to the
electorate three weeks ago when they
went when they started their campaign
has beaten you Kip in sand well another
one in sand well is Steve Latham who
came third with 256 well third and last
but again it's hard to be the Labour
Party here on 1581 and then another one
he signed well is Darren Darryl mayor
and he beat an independent and he beat
the Green Party that's quite good that's
quite good and see let's see what else
we've got for for Britain here I've got
some notes in Leeds Leeds was a huge
ward at the well I
huge district that was all the wards
were up this year and the the amount of
houses in each Ward was a lot I think
it's about 10,000 houses per ward but
still regardless and Murgatroyd from for
Britain got 489 votes and that again
that's without the postal votes as far
as I'm aware they didn't get the
leaflets out before the postal votes
went out so it's surprising what else
have we got
Hartlepool Hart district council
Sunderland
Oh so in Sunderland the for Britain
movement beat the Liberal Democrats
amory's for Britain beat the Liberal
Democrats in Sunderland in Washington
North Ward I mean so for a brand new
party that's surprisingly in in the
wards across the country for Britain
have beaten the Liberal Democrats in one
they've beaten the Greens in another
they've been independence
I believe they might have beaten a Tory
but I'll have to check that but they've
also been a new kit so could this be the
start of the you keep replacement in the
new protest party who knows but then
this is a Democrats and veterans so I've
been looking these up on Twitter's
sometimes the best way to get the
results for local elections is actually
on Twitter because the BBC will report
who wins the council but they won't
announce the full details of all the
candidates so there's one here for the
Democrats and veterans in Eccles all the
Democrats and veterans got 87 votes
which is well it's quite far away from
the other parties conservative got eight
871 the Green Party got one through 1374
the Liberal Democrats 3614 and Labour
Party 1874 so that's not great turnout
Democrats of veterans also got 10 votes
in one constituency in their yard and
since James and that's all I'm able to
find REO no there's another one West
Thark and South's tifford ward Democrats
and veterans got 94 again not fantastic
not fantastic it's they
well done better else were but I can't
find the data for that yet maybe I'll do
an updated version of this video perhaps
next week once we have all the data but
hats off to the Democrats and veterans
for standing and and standing up for
something hats off to them so long show
today
I hope you found it interesting if not
to rambley I really like looking at this
stuff and I think here's here's what I
think's happening here all these results
with the Conservatives not doing as
badly as thought and labor not doing as
well as we thought I think this means
that a general election is a long time
away I can't see any more snap elections
being called anytime soon because we're
kind of at this political stalemate
right now where the Tories and Labor
Party are kind of you know the threshold
for real full government is here without
a coalition and the Tories and labor
just kind of balancing out just under
and hovering nothing's gonna change I
don't think until we actually get Briggs
it until or until we get new inspiring
leaders the Labour Party leader Jeremy
Corbyn and Theresa made from the Tories
I don't think either of them are
inspiring the voters and Jeremy Corbyn
is definitely polarizing their own
members and voters as well so what this
means is there's room for a new party
there's room for a new political party
on the right or at least a populist
political party right or left and the
Lib Dems are making a comeback maybe all
they need now is someone a bit more
interesting than Vince Cable as leader
and make boom could be back in the
political spotlight but one's one thing
for sure is that once again this is like
we've reverted back about eight years
Britain is a three party state again
well it's a two-party state with the Lib
Dems hovering behind them we've got the
the Labour Party the Conservative Party
and then we've got the Liberal Democrats
just behind them biting and snapping at
their ankles seems way of this but not
been like that in a long time but we are
a three party state once more anyway
it's weekend so have a nice weekend
hope you enjoyed it take care if you
like that and want to see more remember
to like and subscribe and download the
new rebel app from the Apple App Store
and the Google Play Store
you
