it feels like every institution from my
childhood is being eradicated by the
far-left
I'm sure you've seen the story but we're
gonna go deep into it the Boy Scouts of
America are dropping ready for this the
word boy from their name yeah well Boy
Scouts Chief Scout executive Mike Saba
it's saying it's only about the new
scout me in program the Boy Scouts
starting in let's see when are they
gonna do this they're going to be called
doubts BSA in February of 2019 the
umbrella organization will retain its
name Boy Scouts of America the term Cub
Scouts for kids seven to ten years old
is gender-neutral and we'll go unchanged
however Boy Scouts which run for a kid
which which runs for kids
eleven seventeen then you get Eagle
Scouts will have the name changed to
Scouts BSA in February hub Scouts will
formally start accepting girls this
summer but soar Baugh achieve Scout
executive that more than three thousand
girls
nationwide already enrolled in BSA's
early adopter program and are
participating in Cub Scouts ahead of the
full launch this year why we have the
Girl Scouts we've got the brownies we've
got the Girl Scouts this is an attempt
by the far-left who destroy
traditionalism to eradicate the concept
of masculinity I brought your story your
shows ago about the University of Texas
considering masculinity and disorder
well this really plays into that now the
Boy Scouts of America has had a
membership train they claim 2.3 million
members down from 2.6 million five years
ago that's basically a over a 10 percent
loss of member was a 15 percent
membership loss over five years pretty
considerable to drop 3 percent of your
members yearly and that considers that
includes rather the venturing and see
scouting programs the latter see
scouting I'd heard about it I know much
about it allows membership up to 21
years of age and it's peak years the
scouts Boy Scouts had four million
now Boy Scouts of America is saying that
this is all about giving families the
ease of having male and female children
enrolled in one program so parents on
earth run all over the place well the
Girl Scouts aren't happy about this
because this is poaching their
membership and rightfully so why would
they be happy about this but this is not
about that at all this is about
normalizing transgender children
normalizing these far-left weirdo
parents who if their son at 4 years old
picks up a pink teddy bear because it's
a cute little teddy bear they say Oh
little Atticus is obviously gender
neutral let's let him wear a dress while
he plays baseball it is it is akin to
child abuse and that's the traditional
conservative in me it's ridiculous let
them make the decision as an adult but
these people who force their children
and transgenderism I find that
reprehensible I also find it very
unsettling and they want to force this
on other people's kids the other thing
that bothers me is that the left a
hypocritical left hates the 1% right the
left despises the 1% unless it's the 1%
of people in the country who consider
themselves transgender gender
androgynous what have you then that 1%
that 1% should set policy for all others
if it's the wealthy 1% we should crush
them and we should enact policies for
the 99% but if it's the 1% of
transgenders or gender neutral people or
gender ambiguous people well then all
policy for the other 99% percent should
be set based on their agenda their
emotional wants and needs I am so sick
of this nonsense these are all
critically important stories and I want
to bring them to you every single day so
help me do that I subscribe to our
premium service at www.streetevents.com
sheriffs Scott Israel you've done all
those things any of those things thank
you very very much
as always thanks so much for watching
I'll see you tomorrow
