hi I'm Kurt Schlichter welcome back to
take that with Kurt Schlichter I am Kurt
Lichter in case you were confused here
on rebel media and we have a lot to talk
about because you know it's been a slow
news month so far I mean what we're
three days into May and everything's
going crazy and some things are crazier
than others and we're going to talk
about two of them today with our special
guest on skype at the cutting edge of
technology my pal and fellow rebel host
John Cardillo first I want to talk to
you about one of the real serious things
that's going on and then I want to talk
about something that's so mind
bogglingly stupid it's going to
literally make you want to gouge out
your ears so you're gonna want to stay
tuned for that and then we're gonna run
these things by John Cardillo and see
what he has to say about them anyway
let's talk about the Iran deal what a
steaming pile of wreckage because I'm
trying to say FCC compliant here I don't
really want to use the terms that
accurately and profanely and probably
Bolger Lee describe what the a ran deal
is the Iran deal
let me let me call upon my strategic
studies degree from the United States
Army War College to characterize it
correctly
steaming garbage fire of liberal dreams
okay the idea that you can somehow
convince a bunch of 7th century savages
to behave like civilized people and that
you're going to trust them and then
you're going to give them a ton of money
is so mind bogglingly stupid only barack
obama and the idiots who work for them
could come up with it let's look at what
happened you know we got Benjamin
Netanyahu as sent in the Mossad and the
Mossad literally stole the archives this
is like backing up a truck to the
Library of Congress and come on boys
load it all in they literally took
everything from these clowns and they've
got it all and what does it show it
shows that what this is
my shocked face oh the Iranians were
lying the Iranians were lying when they
said they were gonna disarm who could
have seen it
who could have what huh this is crazy
talk well I saw it you saw it everyone
thought lik a common sense saw it and
you know who else saw that the Iranians
were lying and we're gonna cheat and
weren't actually gonna do what the deal
said why the people who insisted the
deal was a great idea too because that's
what happened this week the guys who
helped make this deal the Susan Rice's
and that failed novelist Ben Rhodes the
boy genius of the Obama foreign policy
machine came out and said wow this is no
big deal this is no big deal we knew the
Iranians weren't serious we knew they
were gonna lie we knew they were lying
all the time and because they were lying
all the time and they were cheating we
should keep the Iran deal in place
because reasons and more reasons except
I'm unclear on the reasons now look I'm
a lawyer all right I'll make arguments
for a living people people give me money
to make arguments no one would ever give
me money to make that argument because
it's a terrible freaking argument okay
here's the idea well yeah I knew come on
ladies and gentlemen my client why
everyone knew it was an axe murderer
that's no surprise find him not guilty
and set him free because we all knew it
was an axe murder okay that's not a good
argument the idea that we make a deal
with the Iranians that we know they're
not going to argue that's just a bad
argument and only liberals could say you
know that's very profound I yeah hmm
makes a lot of sense to me let's let's
keep this deal that they're not honoring
in effect because we'd like them to I'm
not thinking that that's a great
argument I'm thinking that's a pretty
terrible argument it's the kind of
argument only liberals could make and
liberals are making it it's probably the
stupidest thing I've ever heard it
literally makes me want to die and it
may make us die literally because what
the Iranians found or what the Iranians
had what the Israelis found is a plan
to strap atomic weapons on top of their
Shahab missiles oh by the way this big
Iranian deal this a super awesome
agreement that we should totally keep in
effect because I don't know why attack
being attacked by wires here this
agreement that we should be keeping in
effect for whatever reason I don't know
maybe so Obama doesn't look like the
damn fool he is it doesn't cover
ballistic missiles ballistic missiles
are the missiles that go up out of the
atmosphere and then they come down and
they've got a you know a nuclear weapon
on top of them and they blow up so I
don't know I'm not thinking a deal that
allows the Iranians to make atomic bombs
and strap them to missiles that can then
come and hit the American homeland I'm
thinking that it's a bad idea but the
Obama guys think it's a great idea and
you know they also thought it was a
great idea to make our allies in Poland
Czechoslovakia take the anti-ballistic
missile systems those countries had
bravely agreed to install they're out so
not only did the Obama guys create a
situation where the Iranians were able
to continue making nuclear missiles
point at the United States but the Obama
genius has also made it so we could
defend against them because they're
idiots this is a terrible deal and the
Israelis have once again done a service
to Western civilization let's talk about
the Israelis for a second these guys are
on the front line of the battle of
civilizations they are on the front line
against a version of Islam that embraces
7th century apocalyptic savagery now
look the the idea that every Muslim is
somehow evil is is just stupid ignorant
and bigoted there are Muslims dying
right now beside American soldiers
fighting this kind of savagery so this
is not about Islam per se this is about
a branch of radical Islam that embraces
an apocalyptic vision that demands the
destruction
of Israel in the United States and we
have to see it clearly we have to
understand it we have to accept that our
enemies are actually our enemies and
they wish us ill and we need to stop
this childish notion that everybody is
just like us well actually not just like
you and me
everybody is like these faculty lounge
jerks these academics who think
everybody is just as feckless weak and
stupid as they are that was the mistake
of the Obama administration they thought
everybody was a Chardonnay swilling
liberal tool but they're not some of
these are bad people who want to do us
harm and they truly believe that we
should be exterminated how do I know
just ask them listen to what they say
it's important to accept the truth and
that's what we need to do and thank you
Israel thank you again for carrying the
sword in the defense of Western
civilization and Western values what
you've done Israel has maybe saved the
lives of millions of Israelis millions
of Americans millions of Western
Europeans and yep millions of Muslims so
thank you Israel thank you again
now speaking of insanity and stupidity I
got my little thing here got my little
computer machine here but because a
couple days ago I came across something
that was literally insane and I thought
I should share it with you because stuff
that's nuts
is not only fun to talk about but
sometimes it's highly educational highly
educational um
so I'm on Twitter which I do
occasionally you can find me it hash it
you know at Kirsh lictor or find the
hash tag caring because that's kind of
my thing and I'm going through there
looking for stuff that's interesting and
I found someone named Aaron Brooke er Y
and n Brooke that's and that's her
Twitter handle now she's blocked me but
see I'm smart I kind of saved a lot of
these things I took screenshots cuz
they're so unbelievably insane I want to
share them with you Aaron Brooke is a
feminist which means you know a liberal
feminist
which means no man will ever love her
and we'll find out why in just a second
anyway she goes on Twitter and she
decides she ain't going to explain all
the problems she has with men in a 103
long tweet thread that's right
she set and composed a hundred and three
reasons complaints gripes you know bits
of advice about men I want to share a
few with you by the way number 103
because I responded to some number 103
was to call me I believe it was a
paragon of toxic masculinity so I'm here
on Paragon my toxic masculinity all up
in there but I want it I want to show
you some of these things number 22
assuming that partnership means that if
one of you is worried about it you don't
have to worry about it so basically if
the wife is taking care of something the
husband's got to be all up in arms about
it - or the husband's taking care of
something the wife's got to be up and
around and why you know do you guys need
a lot of relationship help from
feminists do you need a lot of feminists
coming and telling you you know if you
follow our stuff you're gonna make your
life better okay partnership is nice
because somehow sometimes you can allow
the other to take the lead and handle
something
what is this insanity why are these
people so nuts oh here's 24 this is
right number 24 not talking about little
things that bother you you're not
allowed to have feelings you're allowed
to express them no one is a mind reader
okay let me give you some man advice if
you're a man don't be a simpering little
wuss who bitches about small stuff
okay don't sit around and complain oh
you know you left the toothpaste cap off
yeah it feels my god what's wrong with
you man the hell up look she doesn't
want you to be a better man she wants to
make you a better woman Oh
number 33 assuming that self health
education is woman's stuff who gendered
being a better person / partner / parent
I like how
she uses gendered as like a verb how
about I have a counteroffer she says uh
you know you shouldn't assume that self
health education is women's stuff how
about I decide for myself what the hell
I'm going to assume is what that is how
about I make my own decisions and you
sit there and like it Aaron Brooke oh my
god what is wrong with you up 35 not
caring about the world that's that's her
gripe not caring about the world in
every hetero couple I know women are far
more concerned with systemic issues than
men activism is not a hobby it's
necessary share the load okay listen you
frivolous harpy all right when my
daughter was six months old in October
of 2004 I went back on active duty I
left my wife and my little kid and I
went back on duty for 16 months to go to
another country with the United States
Army to help prevent a genocide to
actually risk my life put my business in
danger of bankruptcy and separate myself
from my family including let Miriam fuss
eyes my six month old daughter to go
help a bunch of people in Kosovo I had
never met I didn't know these people I
didn't know the Albanians I didn't know
this Serbs they weren't my people but I
went with a bunch of other Americans who
also sacrificed to go help strangers and
when I came back my daughter who was
with the the Cuban family a lot she
called me tio that's the word for uncle
cuz she thought I was just another uncle
listen you frivolous twit I need you
lecturing me on caring I did it what the
hell did you ever do besides write 103
tweet you whining SAP goddamn and in 36
not moisturizing you have skin that itch
it's dry skin skin is not gendered I
don't need you giving me a skin care
regimen you monster okay
my feeling is the proper response to
radical feminists who want to tell you
how to live is to laugh at them and do
what the hell you damn well please
let's bring in my friend John Cardillo
and see what John has to say about this
I'm sure John's gave some good opinions
and will probably
talk about more serious stuff like Iran
and whatever the hell else is going on
so let's take a break and then let's go
see John karnilla
all right now I'm bringing in my pal
John Cardillo fellow rebel media pundit
in his home studio look at that
yes I am doing great yeah I am finally
back at my home studio finally after you
you were wrapped up and stuff don't
South Florida traffic just a little bit
of South Florida traffic I'm really
really excited that you admire my
backdrop I love that backdrop I'm
actually right now googling cool brick
wall backdrops because I am really I'm
outclassed on my backdrop right now like
I should be up here saying you know
what's the deal with airline food to
drink minimum which for us truly is a
minimum oh god yes Airlines airline
Southwest airline had another window
crack today speaking of their craziness
it's out of a thorough they're always
cool and I used to fly in uniform and
they were just they take care of your
service and I'm like a colonel and I
didn't serve I just sort of sat there
and did what sort of major told me it's
made yeah colonel last time I flew
Southwest I asked her one of those
little pair of kiddie you plastic wings
they actually gave me a set so Southwest
won me over
hey give and give and give hey speaking
of insanity what do you make of this
Iran deal thing and the Mossad
intelligence - how about that you know
water rouhani and Khomeini doing right
now I mean how just infuriated must
these two guys be that Israel I mean if
we did it it would be bad enough if the
Brits and I my six did it it would be
bad enough but Israel embarrass them in
front of the world I mean could this be
any more poetically what is the word
poetically Justin just Troy to justice
it literally backed up a truck or
something and like physically took oh
it's hysterical it was like one of those
video
like one of those surveillance videos
were like the meth heads back to pick up
in a 7-eleven and pull out the ATM they
that's kind of went for the wall I
grabbed the safes I it's insane but you
know the only thing better that is
really humiliating these 7th century
savages is the shunt roy de we've been
experiencing watching the likes of ben
rhoades what do you think of that well
look it's epic right ben rhoades
you you know you and I are kind of
ganging up on people on Twitter all the
time Ben Rhodes was tweeting I know you
would never do anything like that Ben
Rhodes is tweeting before this really
before North Korea Ben Rhodes is
tweeting three or four times a day
slamming the Trump administration April
27th North and South Korean leaders
shake hands Ben Rhodes has gone radio
silent the woods Ben Rhodes gonna say
that we were wrong about literally
everything that we were the worst
foreign policy team in the history of
the United States I do a quick
impression of the Obama foreign policy
team over the last piece please what do
you think yeah I think it's awesome it
says every time Trump does it's it's
spot-on I'll add something of that Trump
you ever watch Seinfeld Kurt
I always watch something okay Trump is
now Newman to them every time new me
every time something wrong it's this
epic it's epic Ben Rhodes is such an
it's he's such an insufferable oh hi
weirder throughout the Iran deal and oh
by the way I just made peace in North
Korea wait what was that it well that
was a tit I eradicated all your EPA
regulations and helped the auto industry
joke's on you oh and Gorsuch look if you
were if you're so never Trump Fredo
clone right about now you've got to be
beside yourself you've got to be too you
know if you're Bill Kristol
oh god yeah you're standing on the deck
looking at the water going it's so
inviting
it is so inviting I don't even care if
they drop 20 pina coladas on the Lido
deck I'm not cleaning any of them
for my supper on this cruise anymore no
they look yeah caution never Trumper
tears these are the same people who
thought they had the monopoly on pure
conservatism right they they apparently
owned the ideological mantra of
conservatism and their being not
embarrassed by their being disgraced by
the day that we were we were told Trump
is in New York City liberal he's a
globalist he's a phony he's never gonna
even gonna get anything done this guy is
doing more in the last like two months
and the rest of these people did in the
last 20 years
all those things about the beginning but
you know his actions prove me wrong and
I was man enough to admit and that
reminds me of the next subject we've got
to talk about did you your occasionally
on the Twitter machine did you see that
young feminist woman Erin Brooke who had
who twit out a hundred and three
complaints about men yeah I saw that and
something tells me that Erin Brooke
doesn't have a date this weekend she's
lonely I'm thinking she yes yeah
a Chinese prom dress yes she need the
Chinese prom dress
but you and I I might be able to be
booked to hand her the spinster of the
decade Awards of its silver lot of
silver lining in that cloud run a couple
of these by you because I think means
she has had you know we've already
talked a little before you came on about
these but I think that you're just so
magical that you've got to hear it um
let's see here's number 34 okay or
arguing with words you don't like
because you didn't bother to look up
what they mean also men are dumb they're
illiterate no way I'm not much for that
fancy book-learning yeah I got I don't
like any of that book learning and such
let's see she complains about their
number 36 not moisturizing hmm barely
men are much too dry yeah there's a
secondary question I guess where
well number 31 absolutely all
misinformation stereotypes achiness
about menstruation you know I don't want
to talk about menstruation I just I
don't and I reserve that right yeah in
fact I think it's kind of icky and it's
kind of icky but you know number 35 now
you were a police officer you put out
I'm a wine for people right what are we
yeah yeah yeah yeah and I kind of did
some army stuff I know you kind of were
stationed in pretty hot zones in the
Balkans Kurt don't on the showed up
number 35 not caring about the world in
every single hetero couple I know
women are far more concerned with
systemic issues than men activism is not
a hobby it's necessary share the load
okay now I'm annoyed what does that even
mean like what does it even mean if it
men men are men are they just like these
these troglodytes while the women are
the enlightened sex who go out there to
save the world well you know shame on
the men that they're out there trying to
make a living to feed their kids oh the
horror
well that's for you know leaving our
families to go away to some country
we've never been to right you don't know
to try and keep them from being
butchered in a fight that isn't ours and
I'm getting by this hipster doofus with
a fetish for vinyl and bands you've
never heard exactly I'd love her to tell
the families of the four special
operators killed in Nigeria or the
Arizona and Maine police officers all
men by the way killed last week
protecting others I'd love her to say
that to their families
she doesn't know anyone yeah a good
point
soft humming Ken dolls with their corpse
stupid goatees who've never been in a
fistfight yeah no it's true hey quick
side story did I ever tell you when we
were looking for a guy in the police
department we thought his name was
Kendall we couldn't find him until we
realized that his name was actually Ken
- doll Wow he wasn't
no he was not he said that when he was
born his mama thought he was fine like a
Ken doll so she decided name on that and
he actually worked for him we couldn't
catch him for about six months well I
think that's how we need to end this
because we're never going to top Ken
Pasch doll
John thank you for showing up it's
always fun to talk to you you always had
some interesting to say and I bring my
uh my new show take that with Curt Smith
you're here on rebel media one of the
best shows on the web everybody should
keep watching this show thanks Kurt it's
definitely one of the shows on the web
thank you John
all right that was John Cardillo that
was an illuminating discussion I like
that we're going in a new direction I
want to keep some energy up here I want
some excitement I want to have some
laughs I think I want to you know give
you guys some ideas help you learn a
little cuz you know I've found a couple
things maybe I maybe I can share some
things but you guys can share with me to
get on Twitter tell me what you think
I'm at Kurt Schlichter horrifying the
hashtag caring uh
and follow me and follow the rebel too
because the rebel is a great place to be
you should become a member and you
should follow guys like John Cardillo
sub Gorica Katie Hopkins Amanda Hannah
there's so many you need to get in there
you need to do that I'm real proud to be
a part of it thank you guys for joining
me I will see you next week here on take
that with Curt reflector you're on
rubble media adios
