host Royal Rumble one must seriously
question why the WWE ever ventured into
Saudi Arabia in the first place it was
bad enough female wrestlers weren't
allowed to compete but it turns out that
other wrestlers face discrimination too
thanks to Saudi style Sharia law a set
of mandates that is incompatible with
the values and freedoms we cherish here
in the West
last Friday in Saudi Arabia it was a
Royal Rumble indeed as the Saudi royal
family made certain to impose
restrictions on the WWE wrestling card
that wouldn't have happened just about
anywhere else in the world woman no
matter how modestly dressed would not be
allowed to compete and the WWE was fine
with that
and then there was Sami Zayn a Canadian
wrestler with Syrian roots he was
benched because relations with the
Saudis and the Syrians are about as warm
and fuzzy as a mongoose and a cobra
stuck in a figure-four leglock and the
WWE was fine with that too
even though Sam he has absolutely
nothing to do with Syrian foreign policy
and then there was Finn Baylor this
Irishman was allowed to compete but he
could not wear his usual ring attire
Baylor normally wears a rainbow colored
t-shirt that states for everybody
Baylor is all about LGBTQ rights and
whether this is sincere or just stick
you decide we are talking professional
wrestling here after all
in any event Baylor entered the ring all
dressed in black kind of like he was
morning and maybe Baylor was morning 4
we are talking about a regime in which
homosexuals potentially face the death
penalty
and yes the WWE was fine with that sort
of censorship too so it was that this
Royal Rumble was woman free syrian free
LGTBQ free and they say Saudi Arabia is
undergoing reforms right now on the
Human Rights file so the question arises
why would the WWE take part in this
endeavor in the first place and the
answer from the WWE is baffling here's a
statement the WWE released regarding the
Saudi controversy quote the WWE is
committed to embracing individuals from
all backgrounds while respecting local
customs and cultural differences around
the world end quote
don't mean to be rude here but by giving
deference to the cultural norms of Saudi
Arabia isn't the WWE contradicting its
own stated values but as always when it
comes to oil-rich regimes money talks
the Saudi wrestling card no doubt made
for a very lucrative venture for the WWE
it's just so unsettling that the price
involves sacrificing rights and freedoms
hull for the almighty dollar and you
know it's even more unsettling that
Linda McMahon the wife of WWE head
honcho Vince McMahon is a Donald Trump
appointee to the Small Business
Administration but Linda has been silent
on this file now perhaps there is more
at play here and Western nations are
allowing Saudi Arabia to baby-step its
way to reform it certainly can't be
expected to happen overnight I suppose
still to add a perverse footnote to this
tale consider that the day after the
Royal Rumble took place the Saudis
issued an apology no it was not for
their blatant discrimination of women
Syrians and gays but rather before the
live event began so-called
indecent images of women were displayed
in an opening video montage which is to
say the woman were in wrestling attire
as opposed to being entombed in burkas
now recently Prince Mohammed bin Salman
graced the cover of Time magazine the
headline read charm offensive and the
story went on about all the various
reforms he wants to bring to Saudi
Arabia perhaps it's too much to expect
full-on western-style acceptance in a
country that only just now granted women
the right to drive could WWE's
appearance be a positive
maybe certainly by Saudi Arabians
embracing something so quintessentially
Western it could be but only time will
tell if the reform we keep hearing about
will truly happen for the rebel media
I'm David the men's ID Menzies
hey folks check out the rebels brand-new
app go ahead and download that app and
bring the rebel with you wherever you go
you
