on Sunday the 7th of October there was a
terror attack on the bark an industrial
park in the judea and samaria region of
israel
palestinian with a permit to work in the
park entered a factory building with a
semi-automatic rifle hidden in his bag
he's believed to be Ashraf Nala aged 23
but he remains it large presumably
hidden by a supportive community Kim
Levin grant yet cell was already at work
she was 28 years old
she'd woken up that morning dropped off
her one-year-old son kai the daycare
center across the street and headed to
work to start her day her baby boy her
husband and her parents would never see
her alive again tied up and defenseless
she was shot at point-blank range the
terrorists then turned his weapon on
Zieve haji be a 35 year old father of
three he too died at the scene CNN
casually reported on the attack as
follows West Bank workplace shooting
leaves two Israelis dead as casually as
that as if some accident had occurred
and health and safety had failed
workplace shooting imagine the outrage
if this was a Palestinian mother gunned
down at her place at work as news of the
killings of Israelis spread supporters
of the terrorist and his actions
celebrated in the streets making sweets
to hand out to those jubilant at the
deaths of Jews Hamas said we applaud
this heroic operation the Islamic Jihad
issued this statement we praise the
martyrdom operation and affirm
settlements are a legitimate target for
resistance fighters and revolutionaries
and Twitter accounts shared pictures of
the dead woman when she was with her
husband on their wedding anniversary
sharing emojis crying and laughter at
this Jewish families devastation
hideous headlines statements from
terrorist groups wretched celebrations
on the street and absolute silence from
the United Nations they have not
bothered to condemn the attack one
assumes they are siding with Hamas you
know the bulk an industrial park employs
both Israelis and Palestinians it's
considered to be an oasis of coexistence
for the Palestinians who work there it
provides a lifeline and income away from
the thuggery of the Palestinian
authorities one thing this hideous
attack makes perfectly clear for many
Palestinians the real enemy is peace
Hamas the Islamic Jihad numerous NGOs
and the United Nations are all complicit
in ensuring there will never be peace in
this land
you
