well it's election day finally I'll let
you into a secret I'm not actually
voting today for the first time actually
usually I at least turn up and I turn up
and I spoil my ballot paper a lot of the
time if you don't do that then actually
and you don't know this when you spoil
your ballot paper they are counted as
votes but they're considered spoiled
votes and they do usually read them to
the candidates
I remember when I've been a candidate in
the past they call up all the candidates
at the count to the front and they read
you all the spoiled ballot papers so
they have to sit there and show you read
of these things that say you can't trust
any politician you're all a bunch of and
they just read them to the candidates so
you know if you ever can't decide who
you're gonna vote for do write a message
on the ballot paper because the
candidates will hear it but this time
I'm just not voting at all it's it's not
worth my bleeding time frankly there's
nobody on my ballot paper that deserves
my vote so it's not happening this year
but I thought today I just quickly look
at some of the parties that you're
probably likely to vote for now I'm
assuming that not many of you are gonna
be voting Tory I actually voted Tory
last time I'm willing to admit just
because it breaks it and I know I know -
he's amazed not really following through
with brexit but it really it was the
only chance we had usually I don't like
tactical voting but last time it really
was a matter of breaks it or no breaks
it and at least we got a shot with
Theresa May but this time there's a few
parties that I imagine you might be
voting for one of them being you Kip
with its new leader Girard batten I mean
it's an interesting one you kippur mean
what do you think he'll tell us in the
comments actually what do you think is
you keep dead does you keep still have a
role to play it's an interesting one
because they've got Gerald batten now as
leader who's great on on Islam but is it
too little too late a lot of people were
unhappy with the way you kept treated
and Marie waters during the election
contest when she was called a racist and
a Nazi jeribai and in contour defense
which surprised me actually because he's
always been quite ideologically on par
with a Murray and so by now
means a bad leader I'm sure but it would
be interesting to see whether the the
electorate still see you Kip as a viable
vehicle there's an article here from the
independent virtually dead you kit puts
forward seventy five percent fewer
candidates for local council elections I
mean the party is obviously struggling
and last time they were wiped out in the
elections but back then in the last
council elections they had Paul not all
doing his best for our impression with
his flat cap and his tweed coat so I
don't know it'll be interesting to see
how baton does let's see how you KITT
does
then there's the Democrats and veterans
party now this was a party that was
registered with the Electoral Commission
in January this year it said on their
Wikipedia it intends to field 321
candidates in upcoming local and
national elections now upcoming does it
mean this set of local elections I know
they don't have 321 candidates I think
it's just a handful and it got a lot a
lot of coverage when it formed this
party there was this article in The
Daily Star entitled bear with me it was
entitled army vets on march with new
party a veteran of the Iranian embassy
siege has formed a political party to
fight for the rights of British
ex-servicemen and it was formed with
John Reese Evans who ran in the you Kipp
leadership contest in the same one as
Anne Murray so it will be interesting to
see how they do the Chairman is Gavin
Felton the leader is John Rhys Evans
some people have pointed out the
interesting thing with this party the
logo you may well remember the John Riis
Evans gaffe when he talked about how AG
a horse raped his donkey I mean let me
just check this gay horse John Rhys
Evans
a suit yeah John Rhys Evans on the gay
donkey who tried to rape my horse so
there was that that was this scandal
about Giambi seven saying that a donkey
tried to rape his horse and the logo of
his new party is a donkey with a flag
maybe not the best option maybe not the
best choice but you know a party started
with good intentions
for direct democracy there you're a
skeptics and they believe in protecting
and doing the the best by the veterans
so that's good it's all very well and
good there's also a party called the
British Union and sovereignty party and
I only heard about these because
somebody contacted me over the last
viewed a few days asking if I'd do an
interview in them I'm very sorry I
couldn't do it because it was all the
way up in Scotland and I couldn't quite
make it but it seems to be a union
unionist political party up in Scotland
fighting the SNP it says on the website
following on from our very strong result
in the forces that bio action where we
defeated the SNP and pulled a quarter of
the vote we've finally been able to
implement a name change which has been
in the pipeline for a few months yeah
beyond the other so they call themselves
the British Union and sovereignty party
in the year and a half which we used our
old name as so that old name was a
better britain unionist party so these
are staunch unionists in Scotland very
best of luck to them and I'm sorry to
the people that wanted me to interview
them so that's interesting it will be
interesting to see whether the Union
unionist vote can split away from the
Tories up in Scotland because I know the
Tories are doing surprisingly well up
there these days remember there was the
old joke that there's more more giant
pandas in Scotland than Tory MPs well
it's not true anymore so let's see so
we've got that party and then of course
there's for Britain witches and Murray's
party I'm Murray waters I've known for
many years I know I'm actually quite
impressed with the progress of the party
she's been posting a lot recently about
the activism and the campaigns and
there's a lot of people turning up to go
out leafleting with the party so now
really for Britain's goal is to really
try and take on you Kip I mean really
that let's be honest there's only one
space for a party like this in British
politics you Kip could well fill that
void again if it picks up in the polls
but it's going to have for Britain and
other political parties maybe Democrats
and veterans and things like that
snapping at its heels so for Britain is
standing I believe 15 candidates
throughout the country Leeds Sunderland
Hartlepool all over the place
so it will be an interesting time
actually because for Britain and for the
Democrats and veterans this is the first
directions being fought by these parties
so it'd be interesting to see the
willingness of people to move over to
smaller parties it will be interesting
to see just how well they can do with a
you know a short amount of time they've
not been registered all that long and
whether there's really room for a new
party to take on UKIP's so we'll see
so other than these parties if you can't
think of anyone who who you're going to
vote for who you'd like to vote for if
you're one of those unfortunate people
who's just got that Labour Tory liberal
and green on your ballot paper which is
just all too common maybe consider two
things consider spoiling your ballot
paper write a rude message on their FC
bike or consider a good local
independent candidate that's always a
good way to go actually with local
elections in my personal opinion so your
votes up to you of course but
independent candidate some of them can
be good some of them can be bad but if
you know somebody who's standing isn't
independent or you have an independent
look at what they're talking about
because sometimes that that step away
from Party politics can be really good
for a local community so remember today
voting day make sure you get out and
vote if you like that and want to see
more remember to like and subscribe and
download the new rebel app from the
Apple App Store and the Google Play
Store
you
