the American Federation of Teachers is
run by Randi Weingarten one of Hillary
Clinton's best friends in New York City
the nation's largest public school
system about 250,000 members of faculty
and staff belonged to the United
Federation of Teachers okay New York
City public school system is so big it
needs its own union
you've got the United Federation of
Teachers of which Randi Weingarten used
to be president he then moved over to
the American Federation of Teachers
become the president of the National
Organization not be largest in the
countries New York City a union here's
what gets really really interesting want
to see what a mess this
the United Federation of Teachers in New
York City is one of the very few if not
the only place very few places if not
the only place where the two biggest
most socialist labor union afl-cio and
the SEIU intersect yeah they intersect
here's how if you're a member of the
United Federation of Teachers in New
York City which is controlled by the
SEIU the Service Employees International
Union radically far-left organization
you're a member of the UFT
they're also a member of the aft the
American Federation of Teachers their
membership is inclusive of one another
the American Federation of Teachers
falls under the umbrella of the afl-cio
think about that for a moment a
quarter-million
bar left radicals in the New York City
public school system I've never met a
conservative I'm sure there's a member
or two in there that is a concern I've
never met him let's say 95% of those
250,000 members of the United Federation
of Teachers or also members of the
American Federation of Teachers those
200 and some odd thousand radical far
leftists are the Nexus at which very
socialist afl-cio and the very socialist
SEIU meet not a few people in an office
it's hundreds of thousands of members
paying dues to both organizations
hundreds of thousands of members who
control the largest public school system
in this nation who control education of
millions of students and in that system
alone they could only achieve a ranking
a ranking out of the 30 some-odd schools
ranked number 11 with 28% proficiency in
reading and 28% proficiency in math you
tell me radical far-left unions are good
for America this is really important
stuff and I want to bring you the
details in depth so please subscribe to
our premium service to watch
off-the-cuff Declassified you can go to
www.beadaholique.com to
you've done those things thanks very
very much and thank you so much for
watching I'll see you tomorrow
