why are we putting Canadian citizens in
a country that we don't belong what for
what
well the clock is ticking down folks
come this summer the Trudeau Liberals
are going to be sending 250 Canadian
peacekeepers to the African nation of
Mali there's just two problems with this
however first of all there is no peace
to keep their malli is essentially a
failed state and secondly since 2013
more than a hundred and sixty UN
peacekeepers have been killed while on
mission in this country so the question
arises is this a good idea or yet
another foreign policy blunder by Justin
Trudeau let's see what people on the
streets of Toronto have to say about
this one for asking people the Justin
Trudeau liberals are going to be sending
250 Canadian soldiers to Maui for a
peacekeeping mission later this summer
it's not a good idea okay what do you
say that man's like a bad idea why are
we putting Canadian citizens in a
country that we don't belong what for
what our taxpayer dollars are being
funded towards what - what their mo
their ammunition their armor for what
for what wait is there anything here
affecting me
no he's share ways Mali well it's in
Africa actually okay I guess that's a
good thing there is criticism that
there's no peace to keep and that since
more than 160 UN peacekeepers have been
killed in Mali I mean is it worth it for
Canadian soldiers to come home and body
bags of because of this mission
I mean I get this always gonna be
conflicts no matter what so I got it
away it is good but it could also be bad
it seems to be a bit of a war zone so it
looks dangerous so a lot of people are
saying why is Canada going there in the
first place yes or no would you want to
send the troops Somali or not no because
I never asked to send the weapons first
analysis you know first analysis and I
know that the Trudeau is very
intelligent he's going not going to rush
I know him I know him and look and he
looks like me or Justin Trudeau yeah
don't you think so maybe a bit of a
resemblance
that's a tough idea what do you think
well we're just here asking you know
this I mean a lot of people are saying
that there's no peace to keep their that
so far more than 160 UN peacekeepers are
being killed so maybe is that I think
it's a cautionary thing to do but if
Justin's up for it and hopefully the
rest of Canada is as well Justin Trudeau
supporter yourself sir not really but I
think he's doing this somewhat ok job I
mean if the UN when I guess there's no
harm in going but you understand that
when you go to alternative country and
you want to enforce peace and they're
already ok with what's happening there
then you're kind of enforcing rule and
not peace I honestly would not have any
idea I'm sorry I think the worst person
asked about this Aussie no believe me
you are not the worst person we've had
far worse people tonight that's worse
you are making the decision is that yes
or no do we stay out of this or do we go
there we didn't go just because I feel
like fighting is like the worst way to
solve any sort of conflict how do you
explain more than 160 peacekeepers being
killed unfortunately things not
Hollander but it's still worth it's
worth the effort yeah for sure no like
what you just saw then click subscribe
below and never miss another rebel video
you
