going beyond the obvious successes and
victories in North Korea and South Korea
with Trump being credited even by the
president of South Korea with those
peace negotiations we see Trump's
strategy on taking Isis is working as
well and Isis's declining in the Middle
East and the Easter quite rapid rate and
as the decline continues in the East
Isis and Islamists generally are looking
for new ways to cause damage and advance
their cause and of course that includes
infiltrating the West and there's an
article here from The Guardian I seem to
be reporting on the Guardian quite a lot
recently hmm
as you make you rethink that but it's a
good piece and they say Isis trying to
ferment a wave of migration to Europe
says UN officials so let me just read
you the basics of the story
Islamic state commanders fleeing Syria
conspiring with extremist groups in
Africa to ferment and infiltrate a new
migration wave destined for Europe the
head of the UN World Food Programme has
said now of course if you dare say
anything like this on British news or to
British politicians they just shrug you
off as insane I remember when I was on
channel 4 last year for that but sort of
shock jock thing that I did where I told
that woman taking a Syrian refugee I
hope you don't get raped and I remember
the the host Jon Snow turned to me
afterwards and he said have you ever
been to Syria it's such a civilized
place and I told him yes I'm sure it is
but you and I know very well that most
of these Syrian refugees are not Syrian
so you know the total denial about about
facts by the media and the press and
coming from a UN World Food Programme
official I mean how can we deny this as
truth clearly it is true David Beasley a
former Republican governor of South
Carolina said Europe needed to wake up
to the extremist strategy in the Sahel
region those forced out of Syria were
uniting with local terrorist groups to
use a lack of food as both a recruitment
tool and a vehicle to push millions of
Africans towards Europe this is
astonishing isn't it I mean these are
the tactics that Isis use take the
vulnerable take the weak
and convert them and radicalize them and
frankly people will do almost anything
for food it also goes on to say what we
are picking up is that they are
partnering with extremist groups like
Boko Haram and al-qaeda to divvy up
territory and resources and to continue
to infiltrate and destabilize in the
hope of creating migration into Europe
where they can infiltrate and cause
chaos and it will work this will work
millions of people have been accepted
with open arms into Europe and I would
like to think that it's the naivety and
the good nature of the Europeans that's
allowed that to happen but really it's
not the good nature is it its leaders
willfully destroying and willingly
destroying nations Angela Merkel case in
point in the UK last year in 2017 more
than eight thousand refugees arrived in
the UK under the Syrian refugee
resettlement scheme but who knows where
they came from seriously who knows we
don't know most of these people people
speak in different dialects you know
it's been set by the UN over and over
again that these people aren't even from
Syria but the plan from the government
is to take in 20,000 Syrians by 2020 so
when you hear reports that Isis spoken
around rke there all these people though
becoming more weak weaker in the Middle
East and then they're gonna start
migrating to the UK and Europe it makes
sense it's going to happen but what we
need to remember is and what we need to
remind people is in the UK nine hundred
Syrians Syrians have been arrested in
England and Wales for crimes that
include rape and child abuse it's wicked
it's truly truly wicked and you know
it's amazing there's a point I want to
make today and my point is about enemies
who tell you what they're going to do
Isis is obviously not very good at
keeping this secret but this isn't the
first time we've had the heads-up about
infiltration the first time we've had
the heads-up about attacks on our
country from Islamists it happens all
the time and in fact one of the big
examples of the West being given
heads-up on Islamist infiltration it's
called the explanatory memorandum I want
to just briefly introduce you today to
this today so this is a book from the
census center for security policy run by
Frank Gaffney and I won't read you the
whole thing it is available online I
believe and I want to explain to you
what the explanatory memorandum is and
I'll do that by reading you a brief
introduction to this book and then I
want to explain to you why the whole
settlement issue is important so here's
the beginning of the book it says in
August of 2004 an alert Maryland
Transportation Authority police officer
observed a woman wearing traditional
Islamic guard videotaping the support
structures of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge
and conducted a traffic stop the driver
of the vehicle was identified as Ismail
Allah Burroughs and detained on an
outstanding material witness warrant
issued in Chicago Illinois in connection
with fundraising for Hamas the FBI's
Washington field office subsequently
executed a search warrant on al Burruss
residents in Annandale Virginia in the
basement of his home a hidden
sub-basement was found the contents of
the sub-basement proved to be the
archives of the Muslim Brotherhood in
North America among the 80 banker boxes
worth of documents discovered there were
papers that confirmed what investigators
and counterterrorism experts have long
suspected and contended about the myriad
of Muslim American groups in the United
States nearly all of them are controlled
by the Muslim Brotherhood therefore in
accordance with the supremacist Islamic
doctrine known as Sharia such groups are
hostile to this country its Constitution
and Freedoms the documents make clear
the group's sole objectives are to
implement Islamic law in America in
furtherance of re-establishing one
global Caliphate one of the most
important of these documents made public
to date was entered into evidence during
the Holy Land Foundation trial it
amounted to the Muslim Brotherhood
strategic plan for the United States and
was entitled an explanatory memorandum
on the general strategic goal for the
group in North
now this was a document that was written
in 1991 by the board of directors of the
Muslim Brotherhood and I outlined their
intention to infiltrate the West and the
reason why I mention this is because in
the explanatory memorandum it talked
quite heavily about settlement and the
idea of settlement is the idea of
settling in the West and allowing these
tentacles of the religion or religion
but their political doctrine entering
the Western the Western mind the Western
system the Western politicking and
section three in this book which I
thought was important was on the the
concept of settlement and it mentions
that the the term settlement was used in
the group dictionary and documents with
various meanings in spite of the fact
that everyone meant one thing with it so
they've broken it down into four words
settlement establishment stability and
enablement settlement is that islam and
its movement become a part of the home
run that it lives in after they've
migrated and settled in the land
establishment that Islam turns in to
firmly rooted organizations on whose
basis civilization structure and
testimony are built stability that Islam
is stable in the land on which its
people move and finally enablement that
Islam is enabled within the soul's minds
and the lives of the people of the
country in which it moves we've been
told before what the agenda of Islamists
are in the West in the explanatory
memorandum we are finding out again the
intention of Islamists from the East
moving to the West we know what the
goals are we know what their aims are
and we are in the unique position to say
that we know how they intend to achieve
these goals and what are we going to do
we're going to welcome them in with open
arms catch up with all the rebel stories
on our brand new app which you can
download now from the Google Play Store
and the Apple App Store
you
