I do think there are also young people
who would also love to drive a nice car
or buy expensive clothing that don't
even have that opportunity are just
barely getting by and I think those are
the people that in many cases would be
voting Democrat but because of that
little extra money you know it's not
even a question of if they can afford
something nice or expensive or whatever
the couple extra bucks is literally
helping them make cellphone payments and
I think those and bite and buy groceries
the basic life needs and but it's really
really interesting how a little bit of
money can change one's political at the
ideology considerably alright so
hypothetical tomorrow candidate ABC
calls Lauren Cooley and says hey Lauren
love what you're saying out there on TV
love what you're writing I need you to
get in here I need your advice I need
five talking points to Millennials I'm a
new candidate no one knows me I'm
running against the far-left Democrat
incumbent what are the five things I
need to tell Millennials so that I'm on
their radar and they vote for me I think
the first thing is being bipartisan I
know that sounds so cliche but
Millennials specifically are looking for
people who can get things done and
they're very skeptical because they
lived through eight years of President
Obama where they were promised hope and
change they didn't get it I mean now you
even have Kanye West coming out and
saying you know negative things about
President Obama so it's very clear to
young people he was not who he was
promised to be so I think being
bipartisan is something that matters you
can be principled and still be
bipartisan I think being bipartisan
being able to get worked on reach across
the aisle matters second thing talking
about jobs talking about the economy
third promising to continue the momentum
of the tax cuts fourth I would say talk
about higher education and jobs training
in general you know whether a student
loan debt or that's just talking about
making a college degree more valuable by
what's being taught a large percentage
of the Millennial population is in
college and they know that they're
taking courses that don't matter don't
teach them anything and they're paying a
lot of money for it and then I think the
last one
would just be talking about you know the
cultural value of free speech people say
that young people are so far left they
don't like to hear other ideas I would
argue that that is a small group of
people with a very loud voice and more
and more young people are waking up to
the fact that why can't I have a
conversation with somebody now getting
in a fight or being offended and so I
think talking about cultural values is
not a bad thing as a as a candidate you
just have to pick the right ones that
that resonate with people these are
really important stories I want to bring
them you every day so please subscribe
to our premium service at wwww ta
forward slash shows go to the rebel app
download our great content they're a
quick way to get all of the rebel shows
and go to fire Scott Israel comm and
sign our petition the governor a really
good case to remove Broward County
Sheriff Scott Israel you want to help
that along as always thanks for doing
those things and thanks so much for
watching I'll be back with you tomorrow
