while it was a photo finish thankfully
Brett Kavanaugh was confirmed and
finally sworn in as US Supreme Court
judge but in the aftermath allow me to
present a top three list of the most
bizarre sidebar issues related to the
Cavanaugh saga
so folks what did we learn from the
weeks-long tempest in a teapot that was
the left losing its collective mind
about president Trump's then nominee for
the US Supreme Court
well heaping helpings of the double
standard mixed with ill logic something
that's increasingly becoming the
bailiwick of the progressives so without
further ado here are my top three
sidebar story issues first parody only
works one way so it is that Matt Damon
can come on Saturday Night Live and
portray Kavanagh as a buffoon and
receive hearty laughs for doing so but
consider what happened to voice actress
Rachel Butera when she did a parody of
Christine Blasi Ford here's a snippet
anybody is listening to the doctor Blasi
for testimony about Brett Kavanaugh but
this is how I sound I know it's a
surprise to even me that I talk this way
and I'm a doctor and a grown woman I
sounds like I'm still back at that high
school party wow the progressive went
ape shite I mean how dare Butera Mock
the voice of miss Ford a sonic sensation
that resembles an infant speaking with a
serious case of vocal fry the backlash
from the usual suspects was so fierce
that Disney was being pressured to fire
Butera who voices a character in an
upcoming Star Wars animated series faced
with the prospect of being blacklisted
and economically and I elated Patera
submitted to the tyranny of the left by
issuing a groveling apology quote I was
by no means mocking a rape victim I am
100% on Christine blase Ford side I am
just a vocal impressionist and decided
to imitate her voice but it was a
mistake
I apologize and I believe all woman end
quote
how sad
bizarre sidebar Story number two
apparently it's offside to proclaim your
love for a beverage that has been legal
for almost a century how odd that even
though pot is legal in a few states
Cavanaugh is pilloried for proclaiming
his fondness for beer Cavanaugh said he
liked beer and that he drank beer and
this is a reason to attack him yeah it
is apparently typical of the
Twitterverse pile on was this tweet from
alleged writer Craig Rose Niki quote
Cavanaugh beer beer beer beer beer beer
I like beer I like beer I like beer beer
beer there have I broken the world
record for number of times saying the
word beer at a hearing end quote
seriously this is what passes for
political discourse from a wordsmith
these days and finally bizarre sidebar
story number three it's this photo taken
in the moments after the Cavanaugh vote
and it makes me more confused than ever
when it comes to the politics of the
left as you can see two teenage girls
wearing Wonder Woman costumes are
tearfully hugging one another
remember how Wonder Woman was appointed
as the UN ambassador for empowering
girls and women in 2016 only to have
that appointment quash for a variety of
reasons such as her sexualized attire I
mean forget the star-spangled attire of
the world's most famous Amazon because
apparently feminists prefer their
activists to be clad in burqas and
niqabs these days while I remained
thoroughly confused right now we did
learn one profound lesson from the
Cavanagh circus and it's this so much
for due process and being innocent until
proven guilty because we must always
believe female accusers when it comes to
sexual assault allegations even those
accusers who have no witnesses no
corroboration and no evidence welcome to
the new normal folks for the rebel dot
media I'm David the men's Wade Menzies
hey folks the rebel has a new app please
download that app and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
