when it comes to cattle slaughtering
procedures occurring in Atlantic Canada
just what the Halal is going on in PEI
earlier this year the CBC ran a glowing
profile of a company called Atlantic
beef products and this slaughterhouse is
a success story it is the only
slaughtering facility in Atlantic Canada
it's not one of those high-volume
buildings such as the ones you find in
Western Canada but Atlantic definitely
does serve a need for both local farmers
and consumers and the CBC certainly
thinks so embracing a diversity is our
strength narrative the CBC story was
headlined blessed beef a boon for Pei
Company the story noted that many of the
employees are Muslim newcomers to Canada
which is fine but then there was a
statement by the company CEO that
created some controversy on the island
namely Russ Maillard told the CBC that
all cattle are slaughtered in the
Hellmouth 'add even though the Muslim
population on PEI is perhaps about 2%
now the all halal statement is
problematic for certain people who are
not of the Muslim faith Sikhs for
example are forbidden from eating food
blessed by someone of another faith and
many devout Christians have a problem
with this - not sure where the atheist
stand on this issue in an event Paul
MacGregor of skips fish and chips in
Summerside PEI took issue with the all
halal policy as well and he did a cheeky
Facebook marketing campaign in which he
noted that his new burger is religion
free in other words it is made with
non-halal ingredients source from
Macquarie's meats naturally MacGregor
was condemned by the usual suspects for
being a bigot for marketing his
non-halal burger just check out a
logic-defying story about MacGregor in
something called carbonated TV the
headline states Canadian restaurant
flaunts big
free with new religion free burger and
check out this line of copy from the
writer Sam Walker regarding McGregor's
decision to go non-halal quote the
reason for this preference
apparently it has nothing to do with the
meat itself but how one company
prioritizes creating meals everyone can
eat including adherence to Islam end
quote
hey Sammy what about all those other
affirmation people from other faiths who
are actually forbidden to eat Islamic
blessed beef Sam sounds to me that you
might suffer from Sica phobia gee who's
the bigot now well I put in a call to
CEO of Atlantic beef products Russ
Maillard I wanted to ask why his company
is 100% Hallel especially given the very
tiny Muslim population on the island we
had a long chat and maillard came across
as being a really good guy now on the
subject of halal slaughter maillard told
me that the certification board his
company deals with allows the animal to
be stunned first he assured me that this
is a far more humane way of ritualistic
animal slaughter than halal classic if
you will as for that other issue at hand
namely the fact that his plant is 100%
Hallel maillard dropped the bombshell he
told me he was misquoted by the CBC and
that it's only a single-digit percentage
of cattle that are being slaughtered
using the halal process well that
changed everything because the story was
no longer about Islanders having to eat
halal beef source from Atlantic whether
they wanted to or not no the story had
now become how unnecessary controversy
had been created because of sloppy
journalism on the behalf of the CBC so I
reached out to our state broadcaster to
see if it planned to issue a correction
or clarification and to its credit the
CBC launched an investigation and a few
days later
CBC spokesman Chuck Thompson informed me
that the CBC was standing by its story
here's what Thompson said quote I heard
back from my call
Donna Logan with CBC News and PEI who
spoke to mr. Maillard on Friday as I
understand it the line you allege that
was misquoted was now all the beef put
through the plant are slaughtered in the
halal tradition he said this was a
paraphrase and not a direct quote but it
was supported by the interview when it
first happened and then again during
Donna Logan's conversation on Friday
with mr. Maillard
mr. Maillard says that the line is
accurate and he also says he didn't tell
you that we misquoted him all of that to
say we are standing by our story thanks
for your patience
end quote what folks for starters have
maillard had never said he was misquoted
I never would have contacted the CBC in
the first place so I reached out to Russ
Maillard again and again and again over
several days I called him more than
probably a dozen times and left behind
detailed voicemails not a single call
back so I put in a call to the cattle
producers Association of Prince Edward
Island they told me the best source for
information regarding my halal query was
Bruce Andrews who is the procurement and
logistics manager at Atlantic beef
products so I called him to ask him just
one simple question how much beef is
produced via the halal method Andrews
would say instead he advised me to call
you guessed it
CEO Russ Maillard now I follow through
with a few more calls to Maillard until
finally a colleague of Maillard told me
he had nothing more to say on the matter
and he would not be calling me back
fortunately I was able to reach a cattle
farmer on the island he didn't want his
name used but he told me that to make
everything more efficient all cows are
indeed slaughtered the halal way at
Atlantic beef products even though not
all the beef products are labeled halau
he said quote they Atlantic were excited
about this halal slaughter and never saw
a problem end quote
the farmer told me that in its quest to
embrace
Atlantic never foresaw that certain
people of other faiths might take
exception to eating cattle that had been
slaughtered but with an Islamic blessing
but since Russ Maillard or anyone else
working at Atlantic beef products won't
return my phone calls let me state it
publicly when it comes to halal
slaughter which is it guys a small
percentage or one hundred percent or
something in between or is this a matter
of Russ Maillard stating one stat that
will play well to a CBC audience and
another stat that is better suited for a
rebel media audience
mr. Maillard with all due respect it's
time to talk Turkey with the people of
Prince Edward Island especially those
who want to know what the halal is going
on their dinner plate for the rebel dot
media I'm David the men's Lloyd Menzies
hey folks you might have heard the rebel
has a brand new app please download that
app and take the rebel with you wherever
you go
you
