immigrants do not drink coffee
immigrants do not drink coffee
well think some what happened last week
at a Philadelphia Starbucks and given
that the company is going to close 8,000
corporate stores next month for a day in
order to give their employees
sensitivity training the question arises
is Starbucks a racist company let's find
out what members of generation Trudeau
after dark Starbucks a racist come to
Ottawa discovered Donald Trump's is a
piece of immigrants don't drink coffee
we're asking people serve based on what
happened at a Philadelphia Starbucks
last week is Starbucks are racist
company no no yeah alright then
Starbucks coffee yes
why were they being rowdy they were non
paying customers because they were it's
because of racism not because we're not
paying customers what do you think I
think regardless people should be able
to use the bathroom it's a human right
to human right for an individual cafe or
restaurant to allow
because two people were maybe
subconsciously racism in this particular
case I guess I boil down to this where
they denied the use of the washroom
because they were non paying customers
for because they were blind
well I then you can that question
they're closing 8,000 stores next month
or for one day for sensitivity training
necessary what do you think about the
fact that they're closing 8,000 stores
next one's for one day Starbucks a
racist I've never had some box in my
life
