unbelievable Furion let me read you let
me just if you're just logging on to
this give it a share you see the
mainstream media they're all running
with this story obviously now Sky News
wrong with a story that 10,000 people
signed a petition to have a televised
political leadership debate they've run
with that story everywhere Sky News you
know fake slow news you saw what they
done my interview anyway burn they run
with that headline in the last hour over
15,000 people have signed this petition
in the last hour the political debate
one took a week to get 10,000 and Sky
News run the big headline so we're on
the media now run the headlines by
tomorrow it's going to be doubled but
where they run the headline at 15,000
people have signed a petition in an hour
demand in the political persecution of
members of our armed forces the target
of them for expressing their freedom it
stopped a spokesman for the army said
far-right ideology is completely odds
with the values and ethos of our armed
forces far our ideology completely odds
good what about Islam is Islam
completely odds with the values and
ethos of our armed forces
many of these made of statements confirm
that the far-right activist Tommy
Robinson look the Army is vestigation
after far-right activist Tommy Robinson
posted the photo far-right activists
doesn't I'm not far right okay most of
the reasons I actually oppose Islam or
to do with my liberal views my liberal
views my views on women's rights my
views on gay people's rights my views on
free speech none of these are far-right
views but they want to bracket and
tarnish and slander everyone's far-right
so we have the far-right ideology is
completely at odds with
the values and ethos of the Armed Forces
so the values and ethos of the Armed
Forces let's look at the the core the
core teachings of Islam the Cure the
core beliefs of Islam
it's a supremacist ideology which
promotes fashion it's a fascist ideology
of violent ideology it promotes Muslims
and teachers Muslims that they are
superior to all non-muslims is that odds
with your military army ethos what about
the teachings of homophobia are they our
odds I've seen all your or your PR
campaigns for gay people to join the
military is Islam odds with your beliefs
within the british army on there is
Islam odds I was gonna say on free
speech but it doesn't seem here the
hierarchy of the army actually believe
in free speech they may want to install
it in countries that have a lot of oil
but they doesn't actually seem that you
believe in free speech if you're going
to prosecute your own soldiers for
having a photo taken
now I've just been sent which I'll have
to confirm by someone whose brother is
one of the young soldiers is that and
again I have to confirm this is that one
of the kids has been discharged if
that's true if that's right if one of
these young men who is willing to
sacrifice and sign up and give his life
to protect the British public's freedoms
they protect they sign up and they
protect and they serve you they served
me they serve us all even all you
scumbags who hate the military they
serve you as well they protect you as
well as you walk around and you joy the
freedom that you enjoy in this beautiful
country is protected by them okay now
they have all served they serve us and
if this is right and that they're going
to be targeted this way then the public
are going to have to serve them they
cannot be allowed to get away with this
they can't be allowed to do it it had
there has to be a huge resistance I
would hope that radio presenters
tomorrow I've seen this have been picked
up now in
every national newspaper and Bruin I'll
see American news websites are now
picking up they have their own rights
and freedoms and it's about and the
public have to stand over my hope many
people in them in the military personnel
will also stand with them and say how
wrong this is but just mine was just
this was just an update to let people
know that 15,000 people in that hour
assigned this position this will grow
the more you share it the more you tell
people to share it this will be
delivered I've seen Katie Hopkins also
said she'll come with me to deliver this
petition we will deliver this petition
to the army to let them know the British
public I'm not happy around this and it
and it won't be left if I'm absolutely
gutted and I did ask that the boys on
that day I said you're not gonna get in
trouble for you're not worried and I
said no what for and it's wrong it's
it's mad that you even have to ask that
it's mad that even have to say that the
rest of the country if you're sitting in
America and you're watching this look at
that part of our country's gone down our
soldiers can't even express their own
freedom our streets without being
dragged fruit due to political
correctness and the complete globalist
agenda that wishes to silence anyone who
goes against it right now at the head of
our army
it's also been infiltrated you stop your
average member of our armed services
they're us they're us they're working
past families working-class men working
past women who also it's not like I
tried to work out if the last military I
saw that they needed to lose 10,000
troops for the budget cuts you know
because we're absolutely stripping our
military we're absolutely stripping them
and I saw that they needed to lose
10,000 then I saw the army recruitment
videos watch the army and cream that's
not good for my kiddos what's the army
recruitment videos the army recruitment
videos do is all about Islam and praying
on the battlefield like you're out
you've got to see the videos
what's Russia's army videos
what's China's who do they come and
recruit from they go they should go they
go to the the most toughest towns in
this country to the most deprived areas
and they take young men young young
children actually and they build them
into great men okay
and those men join because they want a
serve they want to protect and they want
to fight and they're willing to fight
and now the dumbing down and the
pers√©phone which is what they're doing
of our armed services of our military I
only wondered if that whole campaign was
so that 10,000 people actually leave the
morale must be so low imagine being in
the armed services you pull over a
service station in fact I'm a journalist
okay I'm a journalist and if those
members of our military want to take a
picture with a journalist where they
agree with me where they support me or
whether they know because I'm seeing
publicly they take a picture
they cannot cannot be sidelined
disciplined or kicked out of the army of
their career of their future flawless
so yeah I'll give you an update when I
find out more again anyone whose family
members were in that photo
I won't I will call such a storm over
this providing online prison in two
weeks I will call such a storm over this
and I'm sure the British public will
completely support this I'm sure I've
had organizations already on other
people contacting me although this is
demonstration actually this weekend by
then the DFL a the demonstration in
London I'm actually a charity event for
a young child that we done something for
a while ago he sadly has had some
terrible news so I would have been in
London or demandin taking part and video
in and bringing a story back would have
been the fun the first events are
probably bin deuces of mare caste but it
would have been to say thank you on
those can be a silent March and then
there's March in London and I'll share
the details on my Facebook page but on
these marches sometimes when you're
marching a silent it's about three
minutes Mary of a finger
be then people sometimes you have to
remember there is the sign of March and
also I appreciate so much support I
receive that but chance whether they be
of England of Britain or Tommy Robinson
where anything when you're doing a
silent march they they have to remain
silent if faster if that's the purpose
of what the organization are wanting on
the day but if you go in London this
Saturday good luck stay safe and yeah
I'll shuttle share more details I'll do
a livestream about that tomorrow
something separate but I'm just guided
for these young lads who have been put
in this position and I hope that you the
public
show them your support again I put a
website link in here just checking up at
the website link in here imagine imagine
being disome ajan signing up to the
british army taking a photo with someone
a service station and then the army
raiding your barracks season your
phone's a the links on this video I've
got a picture I
that's the such completely true point
I've had a picture taken with people who
are can't stand I had a picture taken
people just cuz I had been pitch taken
with someone for banner some of them for
fun leave the kids alone leave the kids
alone a young leave Malone
you
