recently we reported that the totally
innocuous 90 sitcom friends was
triggering numerous members of the
Millennial Generation they feel the show
is inappropriate due to everything from
fat shaming to transphobia well guess
what else triggers the Millennials folks
would you believe touching raw meat oh
when oh when will the wimpiness ever end
apparently Millennials might like to eat
a chicken dinner as for cooking the bird
well that's kind of yucky you see the
Millennials get the heebie-jeebies from
touching raw uncooked meat I'm not
kidding
hey back in the day there was nothing
wrong with touching a chicken now
choking ones chicken that's a different
story but I digress so it is that
Sainsbury's grocery chain in the UK is
coming to the rescue of Millennials on
May 3rd just in time for Star Wars day
Sainsbury's will roll out their new
touch free chicken and a pouch according
to a Sunday Times report the new little
chicken packets were invented after the
grocery store learned that 37% of young
cooks preferred if they didn't have to
handle raw meat um isn't a cook that
doesn't like to handle raw meat kind of
like a scuba diver that doesn't like to
get wet but here's what Sainsbury's
Product Development Manager Katherine
Hall had to say quote customers
particularly younger ones are quite
scared of touching raw meat these bags
allow people especially those who are
time poor to just rip and tip the meat
straight into the frying pan without
touching it end quote
the idea is predictably getting bashed
on social media presumably by those who
aren't part of this generation and talk
about the law of unintended consequences
this method to placate Millennials food
phobias is not all that good for the
environment given the amount of new
plastic wrappers that are now going to
be heading to the local landfill but at
least the hands of the Millennials well
they won't get finger lickin gross you
know it's all part of a sad sorry trend
folks regarding those who were born
between 1981 and 1996 indeed last year
Don Sweeney of the Sacramento Bee
compiled a fascinating list of 27 things
that trigger sensitive millenials
I can't itemize everything on the list
here but here are some of the highlights
or are they the lowlights so why don't
we start with something that is actually
counterintuitive to the very survival of
a species namely the Millennials aren't
all that into sex a 2016 New York Post
article revealed Millennials compared to
other generations aren't forming
long-term relationships or getting
married or even having a lot of
premarital sex gee maybe this aversion
to sex is connected to another thing
Millennials don't like namely bars of
soap you see three and five Millennials
are convinced that soap bars are covered
in germs according to a MarketWatch
report in 2016 so it is they prefer
liquefied soap in a bottle and this
aversion to germs is likely why
Millennials don't like cloth napkins
either this is according to another 2016
survey by marketing intelligence agency
Mintel which noted that Millennials
favor disposable paper towels again so
much for being environmentally friendly
and Millennials don't really like to
break a sweat either they're not into
golf they're not into a road cycling and
even uncorking wine bottles no really
all that fuss that's required in
removing the cork from the bottle she
may as well ask a millennial to run a
marathon suffice to say while
Millennials drink nearly half of all
wine in the US they favor wine that
comes in bottles with twist-off tops or
oh my god ten cans now that's class oh
and speaking of class
that's another thing the Millennials
aren't into either a 2014 story posted
on unwritten dot-com says Millennials
are selfish and lack manners of course
the millennial generation ended with
those being born as of 1997 so in a
sense folks they don't make them like
they used to thank God for that for the
rebel dot media I'm David the men's Loyd
Menzies hey folks the rebel has a brand
new app please download that app and
take the rebel with you wherever you go
you
