Black Bull is the best Scotch I've ever
sampled don't fret folks this isn't a
whisky review rather it's a critique of
the government monopoly that sells
liquor in Ontario and I am going to show
you how the liquor corruption
bureaucracy of Ontario is a cartel
that's equal parts incompetent lazy and
unapologetic even when it makes
egregious mistakes so my black bull saga
begins last November when I bought a
bottle of this Scottish ambrosia at a
Toronto LCBO store I was attracted like
a fish to the lure of the sleek evany
hued cylindrical packaging that the
bottle was entombed within thankfully I
was not fished in turns out this
twelve-year-old blended Scotch is off
the charts good and Black Bull became my
new go-to brand and then around April
Fool's Day I thought someone at the LCBO
was playing a cruel prank because the
price of that bottle of Black Bull
jumped overnight from sixty eight
dollars to one hundred and four dollars
and sixty cents that's right a price
increase of almost 37 dollars how could
that be so I place calls to the LCBO and
my persistence eventually paid off for I
was informed that a price increase was
indeed supposed to take effect but that
price increase was supposed to be $5 the
bottle was supposed to go to $73 not a
hundred and four dollars and 60 cents
the reason for this error well
apparently some of the LCBO made a
currency conversion mistake regarding
Canadian dollars and British pounds oh
and as a sidebar keep in mind that the
LCBO price increase even affected the
existing inventory a Black Bull that the
LCBO had bought months ago at the lower
wholesale price I'm not sure what we
call that is it double dipping or simply
price
gouging and any event stuff happens
right and since I was able to indicate
that the LCBO had made a mistake a
mistake that they acknowledged the price
would be corrected lickety-split right
well not really you see even though
Black Bull is only carried at three LCBO
stores I was informed that the price
could not be corrected until May yeah
that's right it would actually take an
entire month to correct something that
should have taken maybe 10 seconds to
fix why well it's because the LCBO is a
government bureaucracy beholden to a
system a bad morbidly slow system but a
system nonetheless by the way this is
just the latest example of how when it
comes to pricing the LCBO just can't get
it right case in point in 2011 Ontario's
Auditor General Jim McCarter discovered
that the LCBO
despite its enormous purchasing power
actually pays more than it has to for
wholesale booze and get this sometimes
the LCBO even demands that its suppliers
charge it more yeah you heard that right
folks the LCBO embraces the Walmart
business model in Reverse Walmart
squeezes its suppliers for lower
wholesale costs in order to be a low
cost leader and pass along savings to
consumers and while those suppliers
loathe such nickel-and-diming they
really can't afford to walk away from
the volume of product they'll sell if
they get a Walmart listing the LCBO
being one of the largest purchasers of
alcohol in the entire world is basically
the Walmart of liquor if it wanted to
the LCBO too could use its clout to get
lower wholesale prices thereby earning a
higher profit margin that money could
then be passed on to the provincial
treasury or it could pass on lower
prices to the consumer but no instead
Ontario's booze monopolies beholden to
an
ass-backwards system that works kind of
as follows first the LCBO decides what
it wants to charge for a particular new
listing then it references that number
against the amount of profit it is
predestined to earn for example the
profit margin for a bottle of spirits is
68% finally the liquor Kratz calculate
backwards what it wants to pay the
supplier so if the suppliers quote falls
outside an acceptable range the LCBO
actually goes to the supplier and asks
them to revise the price even if that
revision means the LCBO has to pay more
I'm not making this up folks the
bureaucrats of the LCBO are just too
damn lazy to adjust their pricing
formulas in their computer system so
they'd rather have their suppliers
charge higher prices instead so to dial
it back to the black bull currency
screw-up is it any wonder they'll get
around to fixing their own mistake at a
speed that is comparable to molasses
going uphill in winter time in the
private sector a retailer that is
incompetent unaccountable and
unapologetic will soon be put out of
business
as for the LCBO it can do all of the
previously mentioned and stay in
business because it is a powered drunk
state sanctioned liquor monopoly that
has the audacity to justify its very
existence based on some abstract concept
called social responsibility and these
booze brainiacs are the ones being
entrusted to retail marijuana later this
year gee what could possibly go wrong
for the rebel dot media I'm David the
men's Loyd Benzies hey folks you may
have heard the rebel has a brand new app
please download that app and take the
rebel with you wherever you go
