it's hard to actually use hyperbole when
it comes to this story because he is
actually a prisoner and the doctors and
this is not hyperbole either despite the
fact that it sounds so horrendous but
that's just this is just how horrendous
the story is the doctors were literally
going to torture him to death he was
going to die of his own pain they
figured that that was gonna be the more
humane thing to do and so instead of
allowing his parents to take him
somewhere where he would receive
palliative care or an experimental
treatment that might help him they
decided that his life was worth ending
because he's disabled and B they figured
he was on his way out the door anyway
why why prolong the inevitable they said
first off I'd like to know where they're
where they hit where the crystal ball is
kept and how they're gonna figure out
that you know it's this kid's going to
die anyway at some point in time there
have been kids that were born that
doctor said it aren't absolutely going
to die survived anyway but even so let's
say that he is destined to die the fact
alone they the parents were not allowed
to take him away in order to receive
help that would have at least been less
painful for him on his way out to him to
to at least let it give his parents some
time to come to terms with it to to help
them get through the process while he in
in great care passed away peacefully
without pain yeah why it is disgusting
to me that the British government and
their attempt to make the NHS look
infallible kept this kid there alive get
this kid off of any kind of help in
order to let him starve and and
suffocate to death just just so they
could be proven right it's it's
disgusting to me
I hardly on the works that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levante
show no one leaves behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube if you want to
subscribe to watch The Daily Show every
day including always two interviews
today and I read my hate mail just click
on this screen and become a Premium
Member
you
