how much did Environment Minister
Catherine McKenna really know about
climate change when she was hired to
meet one of Justin Trudeau's gender
quotas I have an exclusive audio
recording where McKenna tells us in her
very own words but let's be clear like
climate change has huge costs now I have
no time for folks who are like the you
know we shouldn't take action like you
know no time you gotta have time you got
it well your job is to have time for
folks that care about this issue an
understatement I know I don't have time
for politicians that play cynical games
about climate action the cost right now
is in the billions of dollars you have
my competition is not priorities you
gotta have this is this is the problem
that people say the Liberals smack of
arrogance your job is to have time for
people who disagree with you I have time
for Canadians who disagree with me and I
have conversations with them all the
time I meet with people I deal with
elected leaders are Canadians you know
that but I don't have time for
politicians who pretend that climate
change isn't real
remember that interview our Environment
Minister Catherine McKenna for once in
her political career was pressed on her
opinions and her intolerance we know
what mechanic thinks of those of us with
a healthy helping of skepticism for her
bizarre ideas that taxes changed the
weather she likes to throw around the
words climate change denier co-opting
the language used to describe neo-nazis
and holocaust desires
that's how gross McKenna is but it's
also how gross she thinks we are to her
we're right up there with Nazis and she
thinks climate change could be the very
next Holocaust that's why she uses those
words she thinks she's smarter than us
we just don't believe in the science the
same way she does we're the rubes we
don't have a clue what we're talking
about in her experts opinion but what
about Catherine McKenna herself does she
have a damn clue did she have the
foggiest idea about what the hell she
was
talking about when she was appointed to
be a cabinet minister because Justin
Trudeau needed another person with lady
parts in his government that answer is a
no and I have the audio recording of
Catherine McKenna speaking to the
Calgary Chamber of Commerce in March
that proves it here so we spent a year
talking about our climate plan did you
hear that she didn't even know what a
cop was now cop is a conference of
parties and not everybody needs to know
what that is or what it means but you
would think that you would probably
familiarize yourself with it before you
go to Paris and negotiate climate
targets the Paris Accord that our new
carbon taxes are built around here in
Canada right and you would think this
person who fancies herself to have
always been an expert in climate change
at much smarter than the rest of us
would know this very basic collective
bargaining unit that the UN uses it's
called the cop McKenna admits to not
knowing where she was going or what she
was going to do but also simultaneously
Pat's herself on the back for
negotiating targets for greenhouse gas
emissions caps that she thinks are going
to change the world you know what I
really think Catherine McKenna is
insecure she knows she's not very smart
about climate change and that's why she
does her best to marginalize and D
legitimize people who are skeptical of
climate change with disgusting names
like deniers it's what bullies do on the
playground they
pick on the pretty girls and the smart
kids at school because they're insecure
and much like the bullies at school
insecure McKenna is mad because we don't
like her and she is going to take our
lunch money in the form of a carbon tax
for the rebel dot media I'm Sheila gun
reads what you just saw there is my
daily video here at the rebel but did
you know that I have my own weekly
full-length show we discuss issues
facing Canadian families but to get
access to my show and the rest of our
amazing premium content you've got to
become a rebel subscriber today
you
