you're having Islamic Awareness Week
this is from the Muslim Association rice
and ms8 yeah right so every year we have
a strong awareness marriages we preach
the religion of Islam and whatnot yes
one of our aspects of the religion is
charity so so you guys you guys are
giving away free cookies thank you very
much I appreciate it what's your name
okay and how is it going on Islamic
Awareness Week are people kinda nice to
you it's been great so far so if you had
a different theme on it every day yeah
right so people are coming we had a
booth set up in the Student Center yeah
alright so people are coming by and you
know they're learning about the religion
about not and obviously we've been
giving out free stuff on a daily basis
yeah so that obviously attracts people
and you know people are learning about
the religion and showing interest so
it's great so far and where I come from
in the UK we have kind of a problem in
terms of the sense that I have that we
have like creeping Sharia law in the UK
what's your view on Sharia well it is
it's the laws of God right so I mean in
your view yeah and disrespecting Muslim
people but I'm just talking to this
gentleman know to tell me no do tell me
you say I'm disrespecting you I'm asking
how you're gonna walk away in fact how
you is that is that helpful walking away
is what am I looking for fame no I'm
asking about your Islamic Awareness Week
you came up and told me to go away I'm
asking why so much why are you
frightened of what because why
no but you came up to talk to me I'm
talking about your religion I'm finding
out about it yeah what are you doing I'm
finding out about Islamic Awareness Week
and the gentleman said I should go away
to have a cookie because you asked me to
take one listen I know and I've got one
of your cookies for which I'm grateful
of course look I got a cookie so get out
of here why should I get out of here sir
okay I got a microphone on me it's a
microphone sir why would you be so
hostile why are you so hostile but why
are you what style what why is a fruit I
don't know it's a question I have how do
you think relations are in Toronto with
the Muslim community oh it's so far it's
stable you know and I seen you on
YouTube I appreciate what everything
you're doing thank you I always usually
ask them in a nice way I ask them why is
there so many verses in the Quran I talk
about killing and terrorize the
unbelievers cut off their heads you know
it's it's it's Mohammed married a six
year old girl who was engaged to a six
year old girl and then had sex when when
she was nine and so how does that all
square with Mohammed I think it's more
this it's a hostility that I don't
understand if I ask someone an open
question honestly what why is there
hostility I wonder I'm not a big fan of
Islam no that's correct you're
absolutely correct sir sorry if any time
you shout at me I come to talk to you
but you don't want to hear I come to
talk to you I'm not a big fan of Islam
is what I said that's very different
that's very different I'm not a big fan
of came here I'm not a fan because in my
country
in England but I don't know why he's
shouting I'm not fine I'm not shouting
I'm just not a big fan of Islam because
in my country it's rather all pervasive
and I found it to be the case that there
is creeping Sharia law where I live and
I don't want that for my daughters
that's why that's my honest view it's a
question but I don't need to be shouted
at by your colleagues by taking a cookie
and asking you question
that's right about some mentality we
shouldn't have we don't need to get
YouTube to see more of my work and more
real reporting join me at Hopkins
welcome
you
