anyone with the internet or one of those
old-fashioned box things called
televisions will have seen what's been
going on with the Stephen Lawrence case
recently now Stephen Lawrence was a
young black lad who was killed in 1993
in a racially motivated attack he was
waiting for a bus when it happened
lots of things happened as a result of
the Steven Lorenz case we had the
McPherson report and the law changed and
not necessarily for the better but
that's a different story for another
time but at the moment the press are
going on and on and on and I mean don't
get me wrong it's right to remember
Steven Lawrence and his terrible what
happened but what we're seeing now is
Prince Harry and his missus are out
meeting the parents of Steven Lawrence -
he's a major aremy Corbin and they're
all talking about this issue and now
they've created the Stephen Lawrence day
yet another way to remember Stephen
Lawrence while ignoring victims of anti
white racial crime and yes it does
happen now I'm sad about the Stephen
Lawrence case don't get me wrong but if
he's getting a day then was the Charlene
Downes day no showing downs was a young
girl in Blackpool I've met have family
quite a few times actually and in fact
this case the Charlene Downes case was
my first sort of foray into politics is
when I heard about this young girl who
was kidnapped and raped by a Muslim
grooming gang and her body was never
found
it's allege that she was chopped up and
put into kebab meat in fact I believe
there are recordings of people joking
about this but the the evidence fell
through and it's been a long a long time
now almost 20 years I think and
nothing's happened since nothing's
happened karen downes her mother hasn't
been appointed at Baroness there's no
charlene downes day why is that why is
that and by the way when I talk about
anti white racial crime this isn't some
alt right think it's not all right
to admit that racial crime happens both
ways round and you know the reason the
fact that anti white racial crime exists
is exactly the reason why the left
it tells you it doesn't because they
don't want to accept that it exists they
refuse to accept that white people might
be innocent in something I mean it's
pretty vile the things that they say
look at this this this vais article dear
white people please stop pretending
reverse racism is real well police tell
me Manisha Krishnan please tell me then
what was it
when Charlene Downes was butchered
potentially put into kebab meat taken
away from her family her family is life
destroyed what was it when a Muslim
grooming gang adopted her raped her and
allegedly killed her but racism because
they did that because she was white they
did that because she was non-muslim
she's go far she's nothing to them and
that poor white family suffered because
of a racial crime but it's not real it's
not real you're you're more interested
in the fact that maybe some white people
did terrible things all some white
people who appear in my background here
there's some terrible things a long long
time ago but now you've got a very nice
flat in London and you're living the
multicultural metropolitan lifestyle you
were doing a university course on
feminist studies or something stupid
like that and you're the victim haha
right I get it so white anti white
racial crime doesn't exist well I
thought today maybe we'll look at a few
cases of terrible terrible things that
have happened to white people over the
years unless you can decide for yourself
does antique white racism exist so let's
look at the story of Chris Donald now
this is a face everybody should know if
everybody knows Stephen Lawrence's face
if everybody knows Stephen Lawrence his
family in Steven Lawrence's case
everybody should know the case of Chris
Donald he's a 15 year old white boy from
Glasgow he was kidnapped and murdered in
2004 by a gang of Pakistani men he was
stabbed he was doused in petrol and he
was set on fire the men who did it were
found guilty of racially aggravated
crimes and of course murder this was
done he was abducted set on fire and
killed by these people because he was
white that's what the conviction was now
why isn't this case
as prominent as Steven Lawrence I wonder
hmm what about the case of Russ Parker
so Ross Parker was a 17 year old white
English boy who was murdered in an
unprovoked racially motivated attack he
was stabbed he was beaten with a hammer
and repeatedly kicked by a gang of
British Pakistani youths just ten days
after 9/11 why aren't we talking about
him
then there's the murder of Richard
Everett in 1994 he was stabbed to death
in London by a gang of Bangladeshis who
were seeking revenge on a different
white boy and you know these cases go
beyond murder it's not just murder one
of the most heartbreaking things you can
ever read out of stories like this is
the case of Aaron Doug Moore he was a
nine year old boy nine-year-old boy who
was bullied to death he was found in his
bedroom dead this nine year old little
boy killed himself because he was being
teased at school for being white by
little asian boys who no doubt learnt
this stuff from their family I mean
where else would they have learnt it
learnt it from he was threatened with
plastic knives and when he got upset
about it he was told the next time it
will be real it'll be real this poor
little boy hung himself because he was
white because he'd been attacked for
being white what is that but anti-white
racism what is that but racism what is
that but real hatred based on race
against this innocent little boy who had
his whole life ahead of him what is that
but racism what but you think someone
getting kicked out of Starbucks because
they didn't buy a coffee is racism give
me a break
and then over in America there was the
story of a white homeless man he was in
his 50s and he was attacked on a bus by
a 27 year old black man and this black
man shouted you owe me for making my
grandmother a slave the left created
this violence when they perpetuate the
idea that all white people are evil all
white people are in slavers when they
sit down and have the talk have you
heard of the talk I only heard about
this recently when they set a black
child down and have the talk and tell
them that they're going to be faced with
a life of racism and Prejudice and
that's they should always be prepared to
be discriminated against by white people
when they
do this the perpetuating of victim
culture that puts people on the attack
puts people on the attack unnecessarily
it destroys lives
it ruins people into thinking that
they're victims and that they're owed
something and it destroys their
personalities it destroys their life and
also it creates a race to the bottom
because the minute people start acting
white a lot of the black community start
rejecting them and having a go at them
and bullying them
this perpetual victimhood from the left
which says that white people can't be
discriminated against or attacked
because of their race but we are the
victims and we will always be with
victims and we must fight the system
it's destroying society it's destroying
the West there is no reason why there is
no reason why community tension has to
exist in the West there's no reason for
it and the only reason it exists the
only reason little boys are killing
themselves because they're being bullied
for being white the only reason why this
stuff is ignored is because the Left
have dominant control of the press and
of the politicians and they want to tell
you that it doesn't exist it's
disgusting it's sad so if we're going to
talk about what happened to Stephen
Lawrence and if we're gonna say that
what happened to him is terrible we need
to be honest and say that what happened
to Charlene Downes was terrible what
happened to Amy Beale was terrible what
happened to Richard Everett was terrible
and what happened to little errand Doug
Moore was terrible - if you want to see
more from me and the rest of the rebel
team remember to download our app on the
Apple App Store and the Google Play
Store and like and subscribe
you
