Australia's most famous billionaire has
checked himself into one of America's
most exclusive mental health facilities
in Boston the same one where sylvia
plath once sought help james packer
who's a casino mogul was once tied to
scientology through Tom Cruise briefly
dated Mariah Carey and says he's lost
friends put on weight and become a
reckless in the past year he's been
lauded in public as a result now author
f scott Fitzgerald of grey Potsie he
said the rich are different from you and
me me and there's even more so with
globalization a shrinking middle class
and growing income inequality now Ernest
Hemingway laid equipped in response that
the rich are different only in that they
have more money now the Packer Sega
tells us some things about the culture
right now now white is encapsulated by
American psychologist Tom joiner he
wrote a book called lonely at the top
now what he says he collided years of
research he shows men who he describes
collectively as the lonely sexes are
more likely to spend their adult lives
chasing wealth and status fair enough
and in doing so they're more likely to
show a depletion of close relationships
and they become ever more reliant on
their spouses for emotional substance
sustenance now the quest this quest for
independence also coincides with missing
that missing the sort of easier tribal
play playfulness they might have had in
their youth we're trying to call it gang
eNOS in such situations had the divorce
or separation of their spouse is really
particularly catastrophic now Packers
had multiple failed relationships on top
of the isolating gilded cage of great
wealth and I guess it was quite
vulnerable the pack of family distress
has been like kind of the royal family
all these sort of unwanted burdens and
expectations and he didn't industry do
too well by it and the decade after the
financial global financial crisis
enormous wealth is also I think met with
a bit of suspicion and not necessarily
associated with virtue the wealth
therapists are a rising trade of my
profession particularly Manhattan London
I suspect in Toronto too another feature
of the zeitgeist Packers touched on
I think unwittingly is that those who
proclaim pain in public now are given
sort of status and privilege so I guess
even billionaires can be victims if it
suits them
announcing ones mint health problems in
public can also help to limit scrutiny
now hosts of public figures in Australia
have recently revealed their struggles
with mental health
sometimes at times when there's
considerable scrutiny for either ups a
performance or moral reasons upon them
now the mental health card is also an
example that we increasingly it's a sign
that we increasingly lack a public
language from moral or metaphysical
struggles metal sort of become a
catch-all term to encompass all manner
of experience and varying from adversity
to failure or to interpret suffering no
moral conflict offered overlaps with
mental health diagnosis but the language
of psychology crowds out other
narratives Packer is currently abroad in
an Israeli corruption scandal involving
Netanyahu he has an adult life of
multiple failed relationships
his forays into celebrity just have
failed to fulfil and let's not forget
his business empire built on casinos now
the industry of gambling is legal but
it's hardly virtuous so the mental
journey will certainly encompass this
metaphysical dimension now while there
he can reflect on his father carry
himself a colorful been a billionaire
and one who transformed TV broadcasting
when what when he died he said this I
almost had a heart attack I've been to
the other side let me tell you son
there's nothing fucking there
the episodes implication for business
and the workplace should not be
overstated it's true that managing
psychosocial risk has never been more
important in a service dominated economy
now workers with creative and social
skills in combination with technical
knowledge attract a premium but for
every person fearful of revealing their
mental health problem to their workmates
there can also be others who use it as a
weapon covering for misdeeds and poor
performance for some it becomes their
way of communicating perceived injustice
in the workplace in each case mental
health becoming the catch-all term
covering all of life's misses
jude's clouds the complexity of the real
situation now I'll always advocate
strongly for my patients but I also
worried the language of mental health is
starting to colonize the human
experience and it diminishes our
capacity to cope I'm ten beeramid if you
like this subscribe to revel media
you
