there's an article in The Times
published a couple of days ago called
youth violence will bring a summer of
carnage worn surgeon Martin Griffiths
now you know we hear a lot about crime
in London we see these numbers going up
and up and up but we think more about
the shock and the horror of it we think
more about the numbers of it and what
politically that means it's easy to
forget just subconsciously that these
are real people these are real people
and it's not just people dying is people
being hurt and it's not just the people
being hurt and dying it's the people
around them their family their friends
and their loved ones whose lives are
being altered forever and then it's the
people that have to deal with this a
policing level the people that have to
deal with this a surgical level the
people that have to deal with this at an
emotional and mental support level I
mean this is wide-reaching stuff and
this article really made me think about
that so Martin Griffiths he's a leading
trauma surgeon at the Royal London
Hospital in East London and he talks
about how London's gonna face a summer
of carnage but he also says that London
is looking more like South Africa you're
looking at stabbing and gunshot wounds
of a proportion and severity that
matches those environments if it was hot
weather right now it would be carnage
when it gets a few degrees warmer it's
going to be taxing it's going to be
difficult isn't that amazing whether one
of the leading trauma surgeons in London
is talking about children kids young
people they're not going in for stuff
that I used to go into the hospital for
when I was a kid you know jumping from
bollards and whacking my chin open when
I fell it fell over and all that kind of
stupid stuff it's kids kids involved in
knife death and gun crime it's insanity
so the point where he's saying we're
gonna reach South African levels by the
summer and you know it makes me think
about Sadiq Khan does he consider that
side of this does he really think about
this you know in New York they've got
that big National Debt Clock that's
there to remind everybody just
how much money the United States owes
its there for the politicians it said to
the media and it's there for the people
that just walk past generally we need a
clock in London outside outside the the
mayor's office how about that I bake a
stabbing clock they haze the amount of
people that have died as a result of
inaction by politicians and the result
of inefficient policing you know and
those Sadiq Khan is right to talk about
police cuts but as I've talked about in
videos before there's things that he can
do he can reap prioritize the funding
and the resources that the police has to
deal with this stuff and in some cases
you know what why not get the Armed
Forces out seriously
patrolling areas where people are
getting stabbed to death I don't care if
it seems radical the most important
thing here is people's lives and then
we've got the leading surgeon in one of
our hospitals telling us that we're
going to be facing facing carnage by the
summer this is London
I mean it's terrifying some people think
that we should arm ourselves in London
you know the laws should be changed now
so that people in London can arm
themselves and defend themselves now
don't you think that's so sad as an
Englishman who never even thinks about
that kind of thing you know where we're
not big on guns really over here that we
would even think of something like that
it's time really to go Rudy Giuliani on
this what Rudy Giuliani did for New York
City was amazing he turned that place
around in fact that's why it's so
interesting about the figures for New
York and London with the murder rates
and how London's overtaken New York
what's actually interesting about that
is London murder rates kind of done this
you know it's gone up and down up and
down with our general - upwards -
trajectory but the New York rates have
just gone down and down and down and
down for decades since Giuliani and
that's when he started is with him so it
can be done it can be fixed
hearing these things from leading
surgeons is really sad you know I moved
down south from the North recently and
I've been really looking forward to
summer in London because I love the vibe
I love seeing all my friends there and
it's just a great city I do love London
I know I slag it off a lot but I do love
London
and it's just a shame to think that
people can't enjoy that right they used
to do because there's always this threat
of stabbing a friend of mine was going
home the other day 15 minutes after he
left the station son was stabbed and
actually now in a video of the other day
I said they've been 59 deaths now we're
on 60 dead from shooting and stabbings
and let's have a quick look at that one
so that's London bloodbath the Express
says 60th violent murder in London just
yards from Corbin's home a young man who
was full of life was stabbed to death in
a brutal and violent attack just yards
from Labour leader jeremy corbyn's home
in Finsbury Park North London and it was
a young black that and there's been
studies that show that this kind of
violent crime is overwhelmingly black
people are victims of it because
happening in their communities and this
is why I talk about ethno-cultural gangs
and community divisions and community
cohesion and why the politicians will
never talk about this stuff but they
need to we need to be stricter on the
streets we need to go all Rudy Guiliani
with our stop and search we need to
remind Sadiq Khan just how many people
are dying and we can't let that go and
we need to foster better community
relations in London and actually that
starts with making sure that the London
has the best of the best if we're gonna
if people are gonna m emigrate to the to
the United Kingdom to London they've got
to be the best of the best if we've got
people in London who've been on benefits
most of their lives who weren't born
here and they're not paying into the
system why are they here what about the
people that are here who've done nothing
but crime their whole lives why aren't
we talking about repercussions for that
why aren't we prioritizing their best of
the best for this city and helping
Community Relations I mean it's it's
incredible at this point there are
things we can do there are things we can
do but in the meantime I guess we've got
to wait and hope that this prediction
isn't right and hope we can have a nice
summer in the city without carnage if
you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team remember to
download our app on the Apple App Store
and the Google Play Store and like and
subscribe
you
