five I don't go fuck I'm buying guns
like I run this by an American I'm
buying guns you know the other side is
like doing some stupid shit I'm gonna do
some stupid shit
so last week right after former first
lady barbara Bush passed away my good
friend Fresno State professor Ron de
girar who's as beautiful on the inside
as she is on the outside culture an
amazing racist and said she's happy the
witch is dead now videos come out in
which it seems like girar is advocating
terrorism and inciting violence but
you've got to understand it's terrorism
and violence against people who have the
wrong opinions that's the important part
so the question is not why hasn't she
been fired no what I want to know is why
hasn't Fresno State given her a raise
beyond her current 100 thousand dollar
salary for standing up to bigots I mean
check out this scholarly analysis
resistance fighters in the sixties and
seventies they didn't kill anyone but
they scared the shit out of people you
know they would hijack a plane and be
like we're not gonna hurt anyone on this
plane but we are gonna fucking hijack
this plane yeah I mean I think hijacking
planes gets a really bad rap sometimes
it's all about who's oppressed like if
you're a Muslim like Ronda is you should
be able to engage in activism against
any whites but if you're a white South
African standing up for your poor
massacred fellow farmers then oh I'm
sorry
you don't get to fight back against
justice anyway back to some more real
talk from Rhonda like why is Spencer's
house still standing I don't understand
like it needs to be fucking broken into
people need to fucking throw grenades
into it I don't give a fuck you know the
only thing more beautiful than Rhonda is
her vocabulary she must make an awesome
English professor at Fresno State
you know bigots think that if your every
other word is fuck you must not be very
smart but it's actually a sign of
empowerment like here why discredit
Richard Spencer's arguments with facts
where you can save a lot of time and
energy thinking by just cussing and
throwing grenades wow I'm learning so
much alright next like we're here like
we're gonna keep coming here Empire is
basically I mean you know like it counts
on brown and blood
body's right to keep going and you know
this is actually my shit the reason you
have nice stuff is because you stole my
stuff you stole my resources you stole
my land you you know raped me that's
right you why colonizer stole Rhonda's
resources you stole her land and you
raped her maybe not her exactly and
maybe not you but one of your ancestors
raped one of her Muslim ancestors
possibly and now you better pay up some
reparations to supplement her $100,000 a
year salary I mean it's going to a good
cause was it you who wrote the thing
where you're like I actually just need
to like sit around and think about shit
and can you just pay me for that did you
say that it was that another queer
writer of color yeah I say that's true
yeah well then you probably that's why
I'm an academic
Rhonda definitely deserves a cookie or
actually maybe just a lot of money for
her hard work I mean we have the
proletariat's who are actually out there
sweating and doing the hard work but
every revolution needs its thought
leaders intelligentsia armchair
revolutionaries Rhonda's clearly
articulate compassionate and smart
enough to be one and some of that manual
labor looks kind of hard so I volunteer
two for campus unmasked I'm Rob Jim Shaw
if you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
