Shania Twain is in big trouble
on both sides she was praised by the
right and bashed by the left but now no
one is happy with her and it all started
when the Canadian country star gave an
interview to the Guardian that was
published on Sunday in which she said
this I would have voted for Trump
because even though he was offensive he
seemed honest do you want straight or
polite not that you shouldn't be able to
have both if I were voting I just don't
want BS I would have voted for a feeling
that it was transparent and politics has
a reputation of not being that right yes
Shania Twain you are correct and that is
why 60 million people including myself
voted for Trump because we were tired of
voting for politicians who despite what
they pontificated on the campaign trail
either were never able to deliver on
those promises or never actually
intended to deliver in the first place
Shania Twain said what a lot of us are
thinking unfortunately she came to the
Maineiacs on the left who went after her
on social media and apologized in a four
part stream on Twitter
groveling she said I would like to
apologize to anybody I have offended the
question caught me off guard as a
Canadian I regret answering this
unexpected question without giving my
response more context I was trying to
explain in a response to a question
about the election that my limited
understanding was that the president
talked to a portion of Americans like an
accessible person they could relate to
as he was not a politician my answer was
awkward but certainly should not be
taken as representative of my values nor
does it mean I endorse him I make music
to bring people together my path will
always be one of inclusivity as my
history shows so now people on both
sides are ticked off at her that's what
happens when you take a position and
then you allow your conviction to
crumble under scrutiny
you know I amend what I said earlier
just a little bit I don't think she was
necessarily groveling but it definitely
showed that she needs a spine transplant
if you would have voted for Trump ownit
girl you're a country singer not
not to pigeonhole country-music people
but a large portion of your audience
probably voted for Donald Trump to know
your market she did it first but I guess
the screaming from the left was
unbearable welcome to my world and
basically every single person here at
the revel everybody have a great day
thanks for watching I'm Amanda head for
the rebel if you enjoy my commentary and
want to hear more from all of us over
here at the rebel subscribe to our
premium content at www.fortuigence.com
