I used to think Starbucks was a chain of
cafes turns out I was wrong thanks to
social justice outrage on the internet
and as CEOs knee-jerk response to it
your local Starbucks is no longer a
coffee shop
it is now a sanctuary heating station
and washroom facility well if you're
planning to have a coffee at any
corporately run Starbucks in the US next
month you probably will have to endure
the indignity of grabbing a Java at
Dunkin Donuts instead thanks to an edict
from CEO Kevin Johnson all the company
runs stores will be closed for a day in
May so that employees can receive
sensitivity training yeah apparently
there's more to being a barista than
pouring espresso into those tiny little
cups now you need to be touchy-feely to
the flash point for this story is this
last week two black men were arrested in
Philadelphia at a Starbucks after
refusing to leave the store when asked
here's what we know for sure they were
not paying customers up until the point
they were asked to leave they asked to
use the washroom they were denied access
to the washroom because they were to
that point not paying customers and
Starbucks policy is that washrooms are
reserved only for paying customers the
men were allegedly eventually asked to
leave they chose not to leave the police
were then called hue the outrage now as
an aside contrary to public perception a
restaurant isn't obligated to provide
lavatory services to non paying
customers nor is it supposed to
entertain campers you know people who
come in sit down and spend the better
part of a day taking up space that an
actual patron could use but since this
is 2018 some of the nitty-gritty
regarding the Philadelphia incident was
recorded on cell phone cameras and
because it is 2018 the obvious
conclusion reached by the social justice
mob on the Internet
was that this was yet another example of
egregious
ism hey what else could it be right and
Starbucks being Starbucks well that's
the kind of accusation that rocks such a
groovy company to it's very core so the
CEO jump to action believing that
Starbucks was indeed mired in a genuine
crisis and that it's Philadelphia
employees were in the wrong and so it is
that some eight thousand stores are
slated to be shuttered
millions of dollars forfeited and staff
will be receiving a condescending lesson
from their superiors regarding something
called implicit bias that essentially
translates into Park your privilege in
the locker room and be nice to black
people next time one of them needs to
see a man about a horse
so essentially overnight Starbucks has
devolved from a cool and comfy cafe to a
chain of miniature sanctuary cities they
may as well put the plac one sees on the
Statue of Liberty on the front door you
know give me your tired your poor your
huddled masses yearning to breathe free
and other non paying customers now we
don't know the full story yet behind
this incident the men who got arrested
were not homeless and we're not sure why
they simply didn't leave when they were
asked to do so or why they didn't when
the police showed up but what we do know
however is that an entire corporation
just had a massive knee-jerk reaction to
the mere suggestion that one employee
might have demonstrated what some might
deem to be racism by calling the police
on two men that's outrageous and I
predict it's going to be tough sledding
ahead for certain Starbucks stores
especially those situated in the
sketchier parts of town because the next
time say a homeless person wants to come
into a Starbucks to use the washroom or
linger for several hours hey no problem
and what if that person suffers from
mental illness and causes disturbances
to what was once a very tranquil
environment well what happens then don't
want to employ that evil illicit bias
after all so let him be I guess and hope
that
all the paying customers are packing
noise-canceling headphones you know I
don't want anyone to be denied heat on a
frigid day nor a place to relieve
themselves when nature calls but that's
simply not the role of a private sector
cafe or it wasn't the role of a private
sector cafe until now because as always
we live in a day and age in which optics
as opposed to common-sense moves the
dial when it comes to so-called social
justice so in other words chalk up
another victory for the takers as
opposed to the makers for the rebel dot
media I'm David the men's ID Menzies hey
folks the rebel has a brand new app
please download that app and take the
rebel with you wherever you go
you
