oh you knew this would make the list
blood guts glory consensual marital sex
and more epic guitar riffs over dudes
beating the living mess out of invaders
then Starbucks has time to destroy its
own company with social justice of
course this is three hundred and number
four four top masculine movies epic
guitar riff oh man nothing makes you
feel like more of a man and fighting
arm-in-arm with your brother to protect
the women and children you love and the
country you serve I have to say it was a
bit worried that 300 made in 2006
wouldn't hold up but it did it does and
will continue to because it's not just a
bunch of epic action sequences it has
timeless themes that will get you pumped
one of the themes is defending your
culture this is explicitly stated by the
writer Frank Miller who made the
original graphic novel he said quote it
seems to me quite obvious that our
country and the entire Western world is
up against an existential foe that knows
exactly what it wants and we're behaving
like a collapsing Empire mighty cultures
are almost never conquered they crumble
from within and frankly I think a lot of
Americans are acting like spoiled brats
because of everything that isn't working
out perfectly every time
this was done an interview after 300
came out and the left lost its mind
Western culture is the best ever don't
be a brat about it and deal with it or
join the beautiful multicultural army of
the Persians that are all literal slaves
and take a brash shield to the face
culture has actually talked about a lot
in this movie one of my favorite
examples is the Persian messenger that
goes up to Leonidas and he brings the
head of conquered Kings insults their
traditions their cultures and even
insults his wife and then when Leonidas
turns I'm he's like way cool bro come on
be nice man we all just get along before
he takes a nice stiff leg to the chest
as he flies down the well it's like now
that ain't gonna fly here bro also in a
conversation between Xerxes & Leonidas
Xerxes says your culture is fascinating
we can all work together you just need
to change a few things who you can serve
our needs and Leonidas responds by
saying well we've been sharing our
culture with you all day by pounding the
hopes and dreams that of every Persian
soy boy that tries to take our freedoms
away another thing that is great this
movie is the relationship between
Leonidas and his wife like who wouldn't
want a
beautiful confident encouraging
respectful freaking the Sheetz wife that
you could fight and die for likewise
what woman wouldn't want a man to be
strong honorable bold principled and
sacrificial for her you know like being
an actual masculine honorable man and
not to get all Nicholas Sparks on you
but this really is just a beautiful
example of an awesome awesome
relationship and in contrast there's
this little Ally prick who doesn't fight
who just sits there lecturing people on
what's fair and politically correct he
then stalks LeAnn dies his wife and
takes advantage of her and there should
be a good warning to all those ladies
who hang out those male feminists
they're marching with don't worry this
movie also shows you how to deal with
them it's a sword to the groin next this
movie is awesome because it's not about
submission or mandate it's about choice
and your free will to do what's right
this movie would not have been epic if
it was a government mandating the entire
army just went out to fight absolutely
not it was free men that chose to go out
there and beat the absolute liberal
tears out of an invading slave army who
all became slaves because the King
promised don't worry I'll give you
everything your heart desires if you
just bend the knee and do what I tell
you to do Oh No shove it there are so
many great conservative messages this
movie hits awesome you also have a
strong theme of fatherhood leading
training giving responsibility the next
generation all these great themes
wrapped up into one rocked out
adrenaline pumping movie that will be a
top guys film for years to come I'm Ben
Davis this is pure Hollywood did you
enjoy that video of course you enjoyed
that video so now you need to become a
premium member to the rebel that way you
have first access to pure Hollywood and
the entire rebel lineup
you
