oh how I wish I had invested in cosmetic
stock a few years ago the beauty
business is booming today what's driving
the sales uptick you ask well it's those
good old Millennials you see they seem
to have a collective fetish of sorts to
always look good no not for a job
interview but rather just in case of
selfie beckons
remember Tom Brokaw's book The Greatest
Generation it was packed with profiles
of those Americans who grew up during
the Great Depression and who then went
off to fight in World War two or they
contributed Bigley on the home front
making an important material
contribution for the war effort yeah
back then you actually had underaged
kids lying about their age in order to
enlist so they could serve their country
so maybe Brokaw was indeed right that
was the greatest generation at least in
recent history and then there are the
Millennials now normally I don't read
the life section which used to be called
the woman's section in the weekend
newspaper but I couldn't help but read a
piece by Joann Richard in the sunday
Toronto Sun the other day headlined
smile for the phone the deck read selfie
obsessed Millennials fuel makeup sales
that headline and that deck is basically
the whole story but if you desire the
nitty gritty vapor details well so be it
now full disclosure I really really
don't have a problem with people putting
in an effort to try and look half decent
look if you saw the man's ID first thing
in the morning you might just think you
had stumbled upon the creature from the
Black Lagoon still I just cannot embrace
the Millennial route for beautification
it's just too much
just consider Sam Stark who was profiled
in the article
Sam uses pencils powders highlighters
primers moose setter filler waxes serum
and gels just for the eyebrows that's
ten separate products for eyebrow
beautification and maintenance Sam goes
on to note that a 40 min 45 minute
investment is required each morning in
order to get fabulous eyebrows aside Sam
also uses an additional 11 products to
acquire a quote natural look it would
seem to me that if you need almost an
hour in the bathroom applying about a
dozen different lotions and potions
isn't that the very definition of
unnatural you know it reminds me of that
great man magazine comic strip by the
great Don Martin the first several
panels depict a woman spending an
endless amount of time getting ready in
the morning to venture out into public
from facial makeup to figure forming
clothing such as a girdle and
high-heeled shoes she then strolls past
a construction site and one of the
workers screams yeah yeah oh we yeah
yeah her thought bubble reads it never
fails men just go crazy over my natural
beauty alas unbeknownst to her the
construction worker isn't wolf-whistling
rather he's screaming in pain as he's
just accidentally smashed his foot in
with a pickaxe just as she happened to
be walking by even so just check out the
dirt on the beauty business these days
according to the Sun article the
Canadian prestige beauty industry grew
by almost 10 percent last year alone
with makeup being a major driver for
this growth and it's not just the ladies
the Millennial men are also going for
lipgloss and eyeliner check out this pic
of makeup artist Christopher buckle now
I'm gonna kind of give Christopher a
pass being a dude using makeup because
really that is his stock in trade but
look at that photo I don't know there's
something unworldly about his face it's
kind of like those really photorealistic
video games where the characters look so
close to being real but there's
something that's just not quite right
and that's the end result when one puts
on too much makeup in the meantime what
happened to the days when a dude would
dream of oh I don't know acquiring a
kick-ass muscle car as opposed to pining
for a shopping spree at Sephora so the
question arises what's required in order
to course-correct
the self-obsessed generation known as
the Millennials do we need another world
war you know if that's what it takes to
get these selfie Stooges to
put down the moisturizer and man up I'll
take it for the rebel dot media I'm
David the men's Lloyd Menzies hey folks
you may have heard the rebel has a brand
new app please download that app and
take the rebel with you wherever you go
you
