according to Kathleen Wynn Doug Ford is
akin to Donald Trump guess what folks
contrary to what the premier might feel
that's not condemnation that's a
compliment
so last week David Livingstone the ex
chief of staff for former Premier Dalton
McGuinty well he was sentenced to four
months in jail for deleting documents
Livingstone is taking one for the team
of course choosing not to rat out his
superiors who surely instructed him to
commit this destruction of public
documents now as he appeals his
conviction he'll probably still not sing
in terms of naming names that's too bad
and you know folks to paraphrase a line
from Pulp Fiction give me a pair of
pliers and a blowtorch and put me in a
room with Livingstone for 10 minutes and
I'll get you some answers that we need
but in light of this crook heading to
the crowbar Motel PC leader Doug Ford
had this to say quote if Kathleen Wynne
tried to pull these kinds of shady
tricks in private life then there would
be a few more liberals joining David
Livingstone in jail
Ontario deserves answers about how big
Kathleen Wynne's mess really is end
quote
I think this is what's known as merely
stating a fact but when oh she has very
thin skin on this file folks oh she came
out swinging and you know what she
actually played the trump card Doug Ford
sounds like Donald Trump and that's
because he is like Donald Trump he'll
say anything about anyone at any time
because just like Trump it is all about
him just like Donald Trump there is only
one way to deal with this kind of
behavior you have to stand up to him and
you have to name the behavior for what
it is because that is how you deal with
a bully Wow well here's what Doug Ford
had to say when he heard of wins pithy
prose she can fight an election in
another country I'm focusing on the
people of Ontario I'm focusing on jobs
in Ontario now that was a pretty good
comeback but I don't think it was the
best comeback in fact I think the most
daring comeback would have been for Ford
to embrace that comparison
because for the vast majority of ford
nation boosters the Doug being labeled
as the Donald isn't a bad thing it's a
compliment
oh sure for those Torontonians who
reside south of Bloor or the SOB 'yes as
i like to call them anti-trump rhetoric
works but for the rest of the province
having a Donald Trump calling the shots
at Queen's Park well that would be
sublime especially given the wind
liberal economic performance of late oh
speaking of which around the same time
Wynn was making her comments Moody's
Investors Service downgraded its outlook
on Ontario's finances to negative from
stable thanks to the Liberals plan to
run six consecutive multi-billion dollar
deficits moody you know that's a really
good word to describe antarians these
days and you know folks Wings lack of
acumen regarding the use of trump's name
as a pejorative term it kind of reminds
me of the classic se TV sketch count
Floyd's have yourself a scary little
Christmas the running joke regarding
count Floyd of course was that this
horror film host would forever screw up
screening a movie that he thought would
be horrific for his audience inevitably
the film would be a boring dud or an
arthouse snooze fest in which scares
were non-existence
all of which would leave poor count
Floyd in a state of depression but then
during the taping of his holiday special
the Christmas miracle occurs for count
Floyd when Lucille Ball actually
experiences a moment of genuine terror
think the kid from deliverance was right
at one point though and that is when
you're negotiating settlement it's
imperative that the
Lucy what's the matter oh that's good
yeah that's right being scared on a show
called have yourself a scary little
Christmas that is a good thing and
likewise for the rank-and-file members
of ordination that shall be bringing
about regime change come June 7th Doug
Ford being compared to Donald Trump
well that's a pretty damn good thing to
for the rebel dot media I'm David the
men's ID Menzies hey folks the rebel has
a brand new app please download that app
and take the rebel with you wherever you
go
you
