in life you have these things called
degrees there's good ice cream and
there's bad ice cream there are awesome
edgy hard-hitting media outlets and
there are media outlets that get pissed
when they're targeted with hilarious
gifts and then threatened to expose
people over them there's the worst
president and there's the worst never
will be president you get the point but
one school doesn't seem to understand
check it out four-year-old Julia
Hartwell attended Penn Tucket workshop
preschool in Massachusetts up until the
school told her she couldn't use a
certain phrase that is she said you know
so-and-so you're my best buddy the
teacher told her that she couldn't say
that they're in school that's right
Julia can't say the term best friend but
why best friend schools don't like
four-letter words and probably that five
letter word Trump but what could the
benevolence completely unbiased
educators we let have unfiltered access
to our children's minds for half of the
waking day possibly find problematic
about best friends
the Georgetown preschool offered this
explanation to Julia's parents saying
the term best friend can lead other
children to feel excluded and it can
ultimately lead to the formation of
cliques and Outsiders encouraging their
students to have a wider group of
friends okay this is like someone coming
up to you and saying you can't wear a
green shirt and when you ask why not
they say well because then it won't be
red and it's like yeah I know that the
necessary consequence of me wearing a
green shirt is that it won't be red but
you wear the green shirt and get on with
your life unless you're fun of a green
screen in which case you become
invisible what I mean is of course the
four-year-old too isn't the best friend
might feel bad but you move on and try
to make a best friend
the alternative is hey let's erase all
distinctions that could give kids bad
feelings like grades teach them that
shouting and punching each other is just
dandy and have them completely
unprepared for the next grade unless we
erased that grade standards as well and
on and on until these numerical adults
but mental and emotional infants get
chokeslammed by this thing called real
life and don't think this cultural
Marxism doesn't have an effect on
impressionable children
what pintuck it did to Julia before her
mom pulled her out even now she goes to
say it in a loving way I'm gonna go see
my best friend Charlie or this one or
that one and she looks at me sideways as
she's saying it and she's checking in
with me to see if that language is okay
Wow
none of the college craziness I cover
here it makes me this mad this is a
defenseless child who can't resist your
propaganda and now you've messed with
her very instincts to fit your perverted
communist agenda this is child abuse
plain and simple for campus unmasked I'm
Rob trim shock if you like this video
and support our mission please make sure
to comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
