oh how reprehensible that people on the
Left were gloating over Barbara Bush's
death most notably invisibly this this
is disgusting looking beast Ron de girar
a Fresno State University professor
cheese Cal State University professor
Fresno
she's tenured and she tweeted she was
happy that Barbara Bush was dead just an
hour after her passing she tweeted a
slew of comments about Barbara Bush I'm
gonna read you Barbara Bush was a
generous and smart and amazing racist
who along with her husband raised a war
criminal get the out of here with your
nice words and PSA either you are
against these pieces of and their
genocide aways or you're part of the
problem that's actually a simple this is
I'm happy the witch is dead can't wait
for her family for the rest of her
family to fall to their demise the way
1.5 million Iraqis have by II all the
hate I'm getting almost made me forget
how happy I am that george w bush is
probably really sad right now
then she went on to say on Twitter I
work as a tenured professor I make 100k
you're doing that I will never be fired
I will always have people wanting to
hear what I have to say
now the controversy forced Fresno State
to issue a statement distancing itself
and highlighting their deep concerns
they said quote on behalf of Fresno
State I extend my deepest condolences to
the Bush family on the loss of our
former first lady barbara Bush that was
from Fresno State President Joseph
Castro we shared the deep concerns
expressed by others over the personal
comments made today by professor Ron de
girar a professor in the English
department at Fresno State now this guy
Castro the university president said
that girar the professor Gerard's
comments were made as a private citizen
but he spent on the state professor
Gerard's expressed personal views and
commentary obviously contrary to the
core values of our University which
include respect and empathy empathy for
individuals with divergent points of
view and a sincere commitment to mutual
understanding and progress yeah but not
so fast because she was tweeting that
she works as a tenured professor people
want to hear her point of view for that
and she makes 100k a year so no she
wasn't only tweeting as a private
citizen mr. Castro I beg to differ
however res no state is now saying that
this beast freak looking weirdo around
the girar can be fired
that she can be fired the university's
provost Lynnette Zelezny referred to the
professor's comments as disrespectful
and said the school is taking the
situation very seriously he said quote
we understand the concern from the
community and we were taking this very
seriously
this according to Fresno be the answer
the technical question can she not be
fired the answer is no Fresno State has
not been in contact with her apparently
she's on a leave of absence now
she should be fired but will she be
fired in the liberal California State
University system probably not probably
not because I strongly suspect people
she works for I strongly suspect well
that they share her point of view
I think you do as well I I think that
they're probably sitting there and
giggling and think it's great and
they're calling her and saying those
tweets were awesome oh they were great
you are so courageous don't worry about
it well say we have to say and this will
blow over
how reprehensible how reprehensible to
gloat over the death of a 92 year old
woman who never did anything except
raise a family Barbara Bush of course
had six children raised five they had a
three-year-old daughter the Bush's who
passed away of leukemia absolutely
tragic
you don't even forget that and I think
there was a motivating factor behind
Barbara Bush's devotion her family how
reprehensible the people on the left and
this beastly-looking weirdo sure are is
not the only one doing it
twitter is full I wanted to read the
tweets twitter is full of commentary and
gloating on the left that this woman is
dead a 92 year old woman who never hurt
a soul never bother anyone and did
nothing but love this nation and her
family and the left is gloating
they are beside themselves giddy over
her passing it is it is a particularly
disgraceful day for the American left I
want to keep bringing you these shows
every day all this interesting content
helped me do that by subscribing to our
premium service that www.mediaed.org the
great rebel app great way to get all of
our content and we still want to have
Broward County Sheriff got Israel
removed by Florida Governor Rick Scott
so sign our petition at fire Scott
Israel dot-com as always thanks for
doing those things and thanks so much
for watching I'll see you tomorrow
