just what pray tell is Justin Trudeau's
position regarding Syria in the
aftermath of the us-led airstrikes on
Syria
Trudeau while touring Peru stated that
Canada supported the decision to quote
take action to degrade the Assad
regime's ability to launch chemical
weapon attacks against its own people
end quote
but on that very same day ikura khalid
the Canadian Minister of Islamophobia
was a guest at a toronto area event that
actually honored pro-assad activists
three words what the hell
well Friday the 13th lived up to its
billing last week when the US the UK and
France bombed targets in Syria that were
allegedly manufacturing chemical and
biological weapons time will tell if the
missile strikes will prevent Bashar al
Assad from lethally gassing his own
citizens again or if this will merely
delay such horror matru doe was quick to
state that the federal government backed
the mission indeed here's Foreign
Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland now
when it comes to this use of chemical
weapons it is clear to Canada that the
these that chemical weapons were used
and that they were used by the Assad
regime it is clear that the Assad regime
must bear responsibility for that
frankly evil act and it's also important
that the allies of the Assad regime
Russia and Iran share in that moral
responsibility for this reprehensible
use of chemical weapons well she did
mince words she even called the actions
of Assad evil yet that very same day
there were some other federal government
announcements concerning Syria that
inexplicably received very little press
coverage from the media party indeed
while the likes of Trudeau and Freeland
were condemning Assad the censorship
happy Oquawka lead took in an event that
was honoring pro-assad and pro Intifada
activists the Canadian Home Office for
Middle East propaganda aka Palestine
House held its annual commemoration of
land day on Saturday another one of
those pathetic events about liberating a
non-existent nation yadda-yadda-yadda
and FYI land a is what those Hamas LED
riots currently going on in Gaza are
predicated on anyhow the grief fest took
place at the capital banquet hall in
Mississauga Ontario and according to the
american center for democracy and
economic warfare institute the keynote
speaker was palestinian archbishop
Attalla Hanna
hannah is known for his support of
Syria's Assad regime and the Palestinian
Intifada against Israel makes sense
considering they're all proxies of Iran
which as we know full well is bent on
the destruction of the Jewish state
here's what Hannah said on Facebook
recently quote we empathize our
solidarity with Syria it's president
government people an army and then he
went on to add President Assad is a
distinct Arab national person and
history will record the name of this
great leader who worked to foil the
conspiracy against the state of Syria
with the Arab Syrian army and all the
sons of the Syrian people President
Assad is not a murderer or a butcher as
some say and circulate but he is a
distinct Arab national leader well
that's interesting so we must assume
what miss Khalid did here was quickly
correct mr. Hanna based on the
statements by the p.m. in the Foreign
Affairs Minister right oh but no Khalid
didn't admonish him she applauded and
then she went on to hand out an award of
Honor to Ameen el mode Palestine houses
had a propaganda or I mean public
relations and here's what Khalid who
hails from that freedom-loving regime
known as Pakistan where even Valentine's
Day is under the band here's what she
had to say about Ameen quote come on a
round of applause for a mean I met
brother Amin about three years ago now
and he has been a rock and a strong ally
for myself for the Palestinian Canadian
community with in mississauga Erin Mills
and today on behalf of myself and the
right honourable Justin Trudeau I want
to recognize the great work that brother
Amin has done for us and for Mississauga
Erin Mills end quote whoa
stop the clock ikura was there on behalf
of Justin Trudeau handing out an award
to an Assad apologist at the same time
Trudeau was officially voicing his
support for the attack on the Assad
gene what's going on here or is this a
matter of custom fitting the message
depending on who the audience is in
front of the International Press Trudeau
puts on a front that he stands United
with our traditional allies and then
when there aren't so many cameras or
microphones around at an event sponsored
by Palestine house his gal ikura
presents a an award to a brother who is
pro-assad you know it reminds me of that
classic se TV sketch with Dave Thomas
depicting Bob Hope and how he customizes
his comedy routines based on zip codes
yeah so when you're at the summit of the
Americas you give them the anti-assad
stuff and when you're at Palestine house
well you give them the pro-assad stuff
and really what the hell is any
government official doing at Palestine
house to begin with remember these are
people who consider the establishment of
Israel the Middle East only true
democracy as a quote historic disaster
these are people who demand the release
of Palestinian terrorists from Israeli
jails most of these prisoners by the way
are from Hamas Islamic Jihad and
al-qaeda many of whom were convicted of
serious terror related charges including
killing Israeli civilians via suicide
bombs shootings and stabbings and the PR
flack for this rancid house of hate
receives an award from the Canadian
government so which is it mr. prime
minister you say he supported the
bombing mission in Syria although I
didn't see any cf-18s taking part but
then you go on to endorse a horde of
haters who support the Assad regime my
take folks
well I'm thinking Justin's words of
support for the airstrikes are lies and
the compassion for the anti-semites who
reside at Palestine house is genuine
well genuine in the sense that given the
demographic changes in Mississauga
catering to jew-hatred could actually be
seen as an adroit political strategy Hey
a sad might be one evil bastard all
right but evil Shammi Ville at the end
of the day it's really all about getting
reelected isn't it for the rebel dot
media I'm David the men's ID Menzies hey
folks the rebel has a brand new app
please download that app and take the
rebel with you wherever you go
you
