being born in the 80s Barbara Bush was
the first first lady I remember she
reminded me of my own grandmother which
I've heard a lot of people say which is
why she was known as America's
grandmother she had a spicy personality
she was protective and charming and
elegant and she managed to speak her
mind without offending people and though
there are always haters she was
generally loved by pretty much everyone
and reactions around the world from
ordinary people to dignitaries and
Royals have poured in expressing their
condolences and support to the entire
Bush family and the American people most
have been incredibly gracious while of
course a very small minority have been
at best rude and at worst vile you've no
doubt by now heard about the disgusting
comments on Twitter by Fresno State
University professor Randy girar about
the passing of Barbara Bush if you're
not privy to this online spectacle the
professor with job security sent this
Barbara Bush was a generous and smart
and amazing racist who along with her
husband raised a war criminal blank out
of here with your nice words I feel like
just that tweet alone says that you
don't really want to win at life but she
didn't stop there she then tweeted PSA
either you are against these pieces of
blank and their genocide genocidal ways
or you're part of the problem that's
actually how simple this is I'm happy
that witches dead can't wait for the
rest of her family to fall to their
demise the way 1.5 million Iraqis have
ie oh but wait she wasn't finished after
facing backlash she responded with this
I work as a tenured professor and make a
hundred kay you're doing that I will
always have people wanting to hear what
I have to say kind of unbelievable that
someone has that much hate in their
heart and their head but then has the I
don't know if that's call or audacity or
what but then goes and says it on
Twitter her account is now private and
she says she's on leave from Fresno
State now you all know that Hollywood
celebrities are often the subject of my
criticism but I'm feeling benevolent
today and I'm compelled to shed some
light on some people who offered some
heartfelt responses funny lady Ellen did
who manages somehow to keep her show for
the most part free of political garbage
I've always thought that she seems like
one of the nice and grounded and genuine
people in Hollywood she tweeted this
Barbara Bush lived an incredible life
I'm sending my love to her family and
actress Reese Witherspoon Witherspoon
who by the way is a southern gal too
tweeted this what a graceful woman who
will be greatly missed never lose sight
of the fact that the most important
yardstick of your success will be how
you treat other people your family
friends and co-workers and even the
strangers you meet along the way a quote
by the former first lady and Kid Rock
also tweeted his condolences saying
rest in peace Barbara Bush thank you for
helping Detroit with your reading
initiatives and being such a wonderful
American and even Tom Arnold tweeted
this slightly strange but ultimately
nice statement how to meet Barbara Bush
number one snark 41 on Carson obviously
41 being her husband George HW to Maria
Shriver makes you send an apology note
and number three POTUS handwrites
I can take a joke comes with the job
Arnold says you're a good guy would you
join Barbara and me for dinner Saturday
BB for Barbara Bush grace class humor
never made another Bush joke very nice I
have to admit I intended this video to
kind of go in a different direction but
rather than give credence to the idiots
that say nasty things I'll leave it here
if anything we should respond to them
with one of Barbara Bush's own quotes
when talking about opposition no big
deal
even I was twenty once everybody thanks
so much for watching have a great day I
demand a head for the rebel if you
enjoyed my commentary and want to hear
more from us over here at the rebels
subscribe to our premium content at
www.affordablecomm.com
