I missed the news that the House of
Lords could vote for an amendment that
recommends Britain stays in the customs
union and the ongoing Syria debacle
there's been the news of the Windrush
generation and this scandal just shows
how messed up our government's
priorities are so the windless
generation refers to the people who
arrived in the UK from Caribbean
countries between 1948 and 1971 the name
Windrush comes from a ship that arrived
in 1948 bringing him workers from
Jamaica and it was called the Empire
Windrush these people came here after
many Caribbean men had been drafted to
serve in the armed forces during the
Second World War and as Britain was
recovering from the war in 1948
commonwealth immigration was encouraged
to help us rebuild now there's an
argument to be had about whether the
numbers were too high or not but that's
for another time and in fact many of the
people who did come to the UK from
overseas never intended to stay forever
but many did and they settled here and
built their lives
unlike many people coming to the UK
today they assimilated and became good
productive members of society and today
we don't even know how many came because
many arrived as children using their
parents passports they never applied for
travel documents as they came from the
Commonwealth countries and didn't face
any issues upon arrival and they lived
their whole lives in the United Kingdom
as productive members of society they
were encouraged to come here at the end
of the day and it's the fact that many
people don't have travel documents which
is causing the problems now it said that
the UK home office destroyed the landing
card slips of many in the Windrush
generation so that's an arrival card
that people are required to complete
upon entry to the UK Labour's claiming
the landing cards were destroyed by the
Tories in 2010 but Theresa May fought
back during Prime Minister's question
time and said that they were in fact
destroyed in 2009 under the Labour
government yesterday we learned that in
2010 the Home Office destroyed the
landing cards for a generation of
Commonwealth citizens and so have told
people we can't find you in our system
did the Prime Minister
then Home Secretary sign-off that
decision no the decision to destroy the
landing cards was taken in 2009 under a
Labour government you know I actually
think I'll miss Theresa May and Jeremy
Corbyn having a good old signing match
at each other every week when the party
leadership changes but anyway regardless
of who did this regardless if whoever
got rid of these landing cards it
happened and as a result people who've
lived here most of their lives are
facing deportation Theresa may have been
made to apologize to the 12 leaders of
Caribbean government promising that
nobody will be deported but some people
have already been affected quite
seriously by this the son of a Windrush
immigrant is allegedly facing
deportation today the 18th of April 2018
the young man is a carer for is 75 year
old mother I mean this just shows how
messed up our priorities are obviously
I'm in favor of a sensible immigration
system and I do think there are people
that need to be deported but the
windless generation cannot be blamed for
coming here after being welcomed here
and having settled here and remained
productive members of society meanwhile
migration to the UK remains in the
hundreds of thousands not the tens of
thousands like the Conservative
government promised does not only that
but we have Isis fighters returning to
the UK more than four hundred British
jihadis have already returned here who
exactly are the extremists here people
like me who'd rather see a fair and
sensible immigration policy and people
who've contributed and become Brits
treated fairly all those in our
government who've been negligent with
the windrow tissue and who seemed to be
obsessed with importing radicals who
want to kill us if you want to see more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
remember to download our app on the
Apple App Store and the Google Play
Store and like and subscribe
you
