that was Brookdale Community College
professor Howard Finkelstein who
apparently asked a black student if he
knew the N word called a student veteran
a murderer and then told that student
you just saw fuck your life when the
student argued that sexual harassment
affects both women and men the left
loves to talk about the
intersectionality of oppression well
what about the intersectionality of
stupidity so let's start with the black
student Joey Smith who told me
Finkelstein asked him do you know what
an n-word is he said in about 2 or 3
times he was so comfortable saying it
and I'm the only African American in the
class it felt a little bit weird two or
three classes after that he says it
again and then he said it another time
Finkelstein apparently changed the
subject when Smith called him out in his
use of the word okay so the question
here is not whether Joey knows what an
n-word is the question is how does
Brookdale hire someone who is so
culturally incompetent that he wonders
whether a black American knows that word
and does that wondering out loud in
class using the n-word himself multiple
times and this isn't some white
supremacist professor either
according to Joey and another student
Chris Lyle Finkelstein loves to talk
about white privilege spends most of
class in one-on-one arguments with Lyle
and uses opinion articles as course
material oh and these comments he
allegedly made to a student veteran also
hint that he's probably not right wing
Finkelstein called the veteran a
murderer Lyle told me he also said he
takes pride in killing innocent people
for money
we have 22 veterans a day who commits
suicide if anything we should be helping
these people out not throwing them under
the bus
unless throwing him under the bus fits
your agenda of one happy harmonious
stateless utopia that is Joey tells me
the student veteran hasn't come to the
past few classes and that he believes he
is considering legal action against the
school now Lyle apparently reported
Finkelstein to Brookdale administrators
but it doesn't seem like the school
scolds the professor no Brookdale
Student Conduct and Compliance Manager
Christopher
apparently told Lyle he can't sleep at
night knowing the student owns guns with
this video video circulating around the
internet they are more concerned about
my gun ownership that I obtained legally
than this professor is conduct Wow MSNBC
and CNN need to check in with Brookdale
the next time they hire spin masters for
campus unmasked I'm Rob trim shocked if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
