the president launched airstrikes
against chemical weapon sites in Syria
does this mean that he suddenly become a
neoconservative does it mean that he's
broken his promise to those who believed
in America first and voted for him no
not at all
the president made it clear that he
believes that invading other people's
countries and occupying them is
fundamentally an American yet he
understands that the gassing of unarmed
women and children is not only morally
reprehensible
it is also illegal in international law
and cannot be allowed to occur
especially in a country where our
military are deployed and can be
threatened by those weapons not only
that Syria is a daunting inferno a
country that has been at civil war for
seven years now with an estimated half a
million people killed with numerous
non-state actors present including Isis
and others who could gain access to
those weapons and then use them against
us here in America that is why he acted
now many people are worried let me
assure those that voted for the
president and support the president that
he is not a neoconservative and he never
will
be a neoconservative he understands the
threat is one of a global nature and
that he had to send a message not only
to Assad and his regime but to its
sponsors especially Iran and especially
Russia but others are listening China
and North Korea among them and it is
very important geo-strategically to
understand that the fact that Russia was
unable to do anything during our
precision strikes which were executed
perfectly means that in one evening in
basically an hour the president's
decision did more
undermine the reputation of Vladimir
Putin the former KGB colonel than the
last 15 months of sanctions why because
now it is clear to the world that Russia
can't even protect a small client state
like Assad's and one last thing one
that's very important to me because it
drives me to despair sometimes when I
hear people who think they're
conservatives talk about false flag
operations and crisis actors and how the
fact that there's no logic to what isodd
did and it must have been done by the
jihadists wrong there is logic he said
he hasn't won the war he's still
fighting for survival and let me assure
you that the last time we did this when
the president launched almost 60 cruise
missiles to that Syrian air base after
the previous gas attack I was in the
White House and I saw the intelligence I
had the clearances and I saw the
intelligence of who it was that executed
this attack and it was the regime we are
the most powerful nation in the world
were the most powerful intelligence
capabilities and we know who did it and
it wasn't a false flag and it wasn't the
white helmets anybody who propagates
that kind of propaganda is supporting
the evildoers including Vladimir Putin
Assad is a mass murderer as bad as if
not worse than his father who in 1982
killed an estimated 20,000 people in the
city helped Hama the president did the
right thing he's not George brush and
this isn't 2003 trust Donald J Trump
thank you for watching the Gawker
briefing if you like this video please
check out the rebel media YouTube
channel follow me on Twitter at Seb
Gorka that's Seb g o RK a and share
these videos on Facebook and Twitter
because with your help we can push back
on the fake news industrial complex and
finally get the truth out god bless
