what do you think Assad does from this
point forward you've operated in that
region you've you've been party to some
critical very sensitive intelligence do
you think he gets the message here
because we actually did hit areas very
close to Damascus or do Russia and Iran
have such a hold over him that will
continue to be their puppet and if they
prod him to use the weapons again
whether it be gas like you say or some
kind of chemical he'll just do it
because he's too beholden to Russia and
Iran if it was him then I would say that
he's more apt to use it again the Syrian
Armed Forces of they have always used
these weapons as their failsafe position
the regime the life of the regime is
under serious threat right now although
assigns winning the war it's an
interesting thing you know and that's
why you know I'm not convinced yet that
it was a somebody launched the weapons
were that Iranians that are a robe that
won that are really working yeah they're
working with him but they want they want
this to happen and he won't do his
forces won't do it make it look like it
I'm not sure exactly he's winning the
war because the three primary forces
that were allied against him the Free
Syrian Army on Lutheran and Isis yeah
they're pretty much decimated they're
all shells of their former selves and
they began infighting amongst themselves
so they weren't only fighting the Syrian
regulars they were fighting each other
he really has essentially won the worst
that's why Syria is so complex because
he was taking out the terrorists for us
while aligning with Russia and Iran and
we we can't have Iran on on Israel's
doorstep we can't have Russia have its
warm water port in Syria and extend that
down in Lebanon after they legitimize
Hezbollah and have them formally take
over that entire nation obviously of
Lebanon it is a really complex situation
for more gray than Iraq was Afghanistan
was many other places were oh absolutely
that's why you know those of us in the
national security profession you would
a person like me very hesitant to
recommend a trip an attempt to regime
she called a security studies group
butts put together by Jimbo hands
yeah good friends of mine they've got a
plan that I saw the first for the first
time yesterday morning it's the only
thing that I've seen that makes good
common sense
I had Jim on the show last week with the
plan the day he released it he's a
friend and he's a regular on the show
and it really did make a lot of sense
but they there they have some top-tier
minds over there at ssj that's the only
but that's the only plan that I've seen
that the in-state goal is to extricate
American forces from the area in a way
that doesn't result in an Iraq
type scenario this is all very very
important content and it's gonna get
more serious we're in very troubled
times and I want to bring it to you
every day let me do that by subscribing
to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org rate rebel app awesome
way to get all of our content go to our
petition fire Scott Israel dot-com we
want to see the Broward County Sheriff
removed as always thanks so much for
watching I'll see you tomorrow
