what was interesting to me Sheila is the
interest I saw in Alberta for Doug Ford
and I mean I'm here Ontario so I think
okay that's an Ontario thing and
Ontario's finally getting its act
together but it was interesting to me to
hear people out west look to Doug Ford
as an ally to finally join you know Brad
wall who was holding the fort and now
premier Moe who's taking over from Anne
in Saskatchewan and hopefully Jason
canning it so to find Ontario as an ally
again in Doug Ford someone willing to
take on not just the carbon tax but the
carbon tax intellectual mafia the
pundits the fake economists the you know
media that's all you can't it's the
debate is over it was neat to me to see
people regard Doug Ford as an ally well
I think I'll Burton's really understand
it before Canadians all Canadians and
especially Albertans to shake off a
carbon tax and to sort of break the
narrative that carbon tax has changed
the weather we need Canada's largest
economy on our side of the battle and
Doug Ford is willing to do that frankly
he will be our savior in the carbon tax
battle long before Jason Kenney ever
well because without Ontario there's no
carbon taxation scheme yeah and of
course the Ontario election is just a
couple months away I forget the exact
date I think it's a second week of June
Oh let me check that that's coming very
soon the polls suggests that Doug Ford
will win it you never want to you never
want to be complacent you never want it
now for granted and boy those liberals
they will not go without a fight not
just from them but all their big labor
union funded third party campaigners
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
