so the news today it's come out that the
Daily Mail has obtained information
through a Freedom of Information request
and they found that machete attacks in
the UK of risen drastically I mean we
knew this anyway I mean any Brit who
watches the news will have seen these
videos of the police stopping men in the
street opening their backpacks and
finding these huge blades it's just
really really common now but the the
statistics and the data obtained by the
Daily Mail has found that over the last
three years the amount of violent crimes
committed with machetes is increased by
five times five times so that the data
shows that roughly every 19 minutes in
the UK there's a machete attack every 19
minutes insane and this is happening
while London is going through this
crisis at the moment I think as of today
56 lives have been taken from shooting
and stabbing in the capital city 56
lives but the data has been obtained it
shows that in the last two months of
2017 so not that long ago police dealt
with 928 crimes with machetes in the
last two months of 2017 928 crimes you
would expect 928 machete attacks you'd
expect that over a period of decades if
not more like you you'd expect that a
handful of machete attacks max in
Britain you know in a civilized Western
country you you don't expect people to
be going out with with blades and knives
that look like something out of a zombie
apocalypse film you just don't expect
that from Britain but 928 involving
machetes in two months out of this 425
were in London of course London's got a
big population about 9 million or so but
there is also the disproportionate crime
rates there so 425 in London 99 in
Greater Manchester 77 in the West
Midlands 29 in Merseyside near where I
grew up and 29 in West Yorkshire but
only three years before that in the
reported crimes there was only only a
hundred crimes over a month
over the same period so we've gone from
100 crimes a month to 928 machete crimes
in two months but what's interesting
about this is we know that Sadiq Khan is
talking about this this knife and this
knife control policy and all that you
know
nee-naw nee-naw or the police are coming
after your butter knives kind of thing
while they're focusing on that kind of
stuff
machetes are still legal I didn't know
this until today machetes are legal and
that's why they're being carried around
I mean this was the machete that was
used to kill me Rigby right how did they
miss that a man gets near beheaded in
the street by jihad ease with the
machete hundreds of machete crimes are
happening every month and they're still
illegal but were worried about butter
knives hmm it's interesting so which
machetes are becoming more and more
popular and they're kind of like a
status symbol for gangs now easier to
get hold of I suppose and actually I saw
today ice watched some footage this was
in Birmingham reported on in the Express
and all the Nationals and it's a man
wielding a machete in a 20-person brawl
in Birmingham West watch this so here's
a man clearly I mean who knows what's
going on there but he's he's waving a
machete in broad daylight of people who
would have ever expected this from a
Western European country
this is third-world stuff this is not
something you expect from a country of
the Magna Carta and Shakespeare it's
fascinating but you know that this kind
of shows obviously there's a crime
problem but there's going to be a route
to this problem you know people like to
blame this on poverty but you know I
didn't grow up rich I grew up in a
working-class town a lot of my mates
certainly weren't rich I knew a lot of
people we will actually be considered
quite poor but they didn't go out with
machetes killing people and attacking
people with machetes so there's always
so much you can blame poverty up on this
for I think this is a cultural problem
you know clearly well we're in times
where people are
feeling unsettled and stable out of
place communities on coke you know
cohesive something's happening I'll
leave that to you to decide why but
clearly clearly there's a cultural
problem here when we got to a point
where people are going out into the
streets with machetes to attack people
and we've got 928 in a period of two
months and then the the mayor of London
is looking at well how can we ban knives
why am I looking at machetes and why
aren't we looking at the source of the
problem what's going on watch me and the
rest of the rebel team on our brand-new
app download it now from the Google Play
Store and the Apple App Store
you
