breaking news we are apparently on the
cusp of a national postal strike in
Canada now allow me to offer some astute
breaking news story analysis nobody
gives a rodents rectum
shit it's here will you for the leftist
loonies who run the canadian union of
postal workers you see they're at it yet
again rattling their sabers pronouncing
if they don't get their way the
rank-and-file will go on strike hey guys
nice knowing ya you know in yesterday
Cade and i'm talking like the 1970s here
the threat of shutting down the post
office made four front page news just
about everybody used and needed the mail
service back then now just about
everyone uses the internet apparently
the union didn't get that memo maybe it
got lost in the mail and the irony is
that every time cup w stages a strike it
just drives more and more people to
email and e-commerce further making this
union and even the entire post office
increasingly irrelevant indeed the last
fiscal quarter alone Canada Post lost a
staggering two hundred and forty two
million dollars by threatening to stage
yet another walkout over those what this
time cup W isn't about to kill the
Golden Goose rather it's going to
finally put sickly old yeller out of his
misery
in fact just look at what drives the
lion's share of the profits for Canada
Post today there's the delivery of junk
mail which goes directly from the mail
box into the blue box and there's
package delivery yet in terms of package
delivery there are numerous
private-sector competitors in the
courier business and with Amazon moving
toward delivering its own packages in
the future this will be a huge blow to
Canada Post and I would wager that
numerous Canadians likely embrace the
attitude of good riddance
after all the comrades running cup w
seem to care less about what's good for
their own membership and more about
pursuing wacky social justice causes
such as supporting the BDS movement
against Israel what a joke indeed it
brings to mind Jerry Seinfeld's
brilliant analysis of the US postal
service and his suggestion on how it too
can stay relevant
I love how the postal system has this
financial emotional meltdown every three
to five years that their business model
from 1630 isn't working anymore I can't
understand how a 21st century
information system based on licking
walking and a random number of pennies
is struggling to compete if I if I could
talk to the post office if I could say
to them if you really want to be helpful
to us
just open the letters read them and
email us what it says in any event all
send along a copy of Seinfeld's
monologue to the cup w head honchos so
they can learn something useful in fact
I'll pop it in the mail tomorrow with
any luck they'll get it by Christmas for
the rebel dot media I'm David the men's
I'd Menzies hey folks the rebel has a
new app please download that app and
take the rebel with you wherever you go
you
