Perks Canada is finding new and creative
ways to waste Canadians money every
single day this time they're paying a
new zealand-based company nearly six
million dollars to go on the hunt of a
lifetime off the coast of British
Columbia the Sitka black-tailed deer
were introduced to Haida Gwaii for
hunting in 1898 ish but because there
are no natural predators for these
little tiny ruminants in the island
chain formerly known as the Queen
Charlotte Islands they just sort of took
the place over they quickly
overpopulated and became a problem
eating up much of the natural vegetation
that the indigenous animals to the
island rely on they're like rats like
ass but you know delicious and because
much of Haida Gwaii
is a National Preserve the solution to
the infestation of destructive deer was
left up to the big thinkers in
Environment Minister Catherine McKenna's
office Parks Canada hired five New
Zealanders who specialize in deer
eradication to shoot the deer from
low-flying helicopters the Kiwis also
use tracking dogs to hunt the deer on
land and boats to shoot them from the
shoreline the good news is the venison
from the deer cull is being distributed
to the residents of Haida Gwaii so you
know what good job on that now the cost
of this helicopter hunt which actually
sounds really pretty fun is five point
seven million dollars courtesy of the
Canadian taxpayer these lucky Kiwis are
getting a pretty sweet heli hunt and all
the deer they can shoot and they're
getting paid for it when the rest of us
would of course pay handsomely
out-of-pocket for such an incredible
adventure now I'm going to read to you
two statements from a Vancouver Sun
article the first one is from Robin
Irvine a project manager from Parks
Canada she said although we have a lot
of great local hunters we wanted people
who are eradication specialists the
deaths of these animals were as humane
and quick as possible right right right
okay these foreign hunters who are
completely unfamiliar with the Canadian
terrain
and unfamiliar with the deer species
itself are specialists according to
Parks Canada specialists rather than the
locals who have been hunting these deer
for you know generations sure thing
I'm sure these Kiwis don't get me wrong
are highly skilled in doing what they do
but I thought this was the government
who cares deeply about local indigenous
knowledge above all else including
science sometimes and this is the second
statement it's from Sarah Dubois from
the SPCA she said I was blown away at
how professional it was they would take
only head shots no body shots and only
if they could guarantee an instant kill
now both of those above statements
presume that Canadian hunters normally
cause undue suffering to an animal were
not humane that's crazy no Canadian
hunter wants to see an animal suffer
before it dies and that's why we don't
take our hunting advice about where the
appropriate kill shot would be from the
animal rights types at the SPCA when
you're hunting deer you're actually
advised not to use the head as a kill
zone because it is far too easy to wound
an animal and cause the animal undue
suffering
it's an ineffective way to put an animal
down no hunter who wants to eat the meat
aims for the body outside of the heart
and lungs headshots are considered
professional though to the SPCA's chief
scientific officer please everyone do
not take your hunting advice from the
SPCA I also read in that same Vancouver
Sun article that the Kiwis were using a
remington two-to-three to kill the deer
which is not something most Canadian
hunters would dream of using to kill
large game that's really more of a
varmint rifle but from what I understand
these deer are pretty small now last
year Parks Canada had a much better plan
to deal with the deer in place
professional marksman we're going to
come in and train the local young people
to assist in the deer cull teaching
these young people valuable hunting
skills to be able to feed themselves and
their families low cost local
high-quality protein the gear called
back then was also going to be a
windfall for local school hot lunch
programs but since then the government
has changed lanes and decided to
contract the deer call out to another
country altogether now there are other
Canadian examples of how to deal with a
highly adaptive invasive species in
Alberta we had a little bit of a wild
boar incursion for quite some time the
province offered an ongoing bounty on
the Hogs at 50 dollars a head and it
resulted in about a thousand boars being
culled at a very low cost to the
taxpayer now that boar program has just
wrapped up because people weren't
bringing any more boars for bounty and
the locals say that's because the boars
really aren't around anymore what I'm
saying is hunters if you give them a
financial incentive we'll take care of
these problems there are no new
zealanders and helicopters necessary the
federal government could have easily
opened up the National Park to hunting
and then relax the hunting regulations
everywhere else in Haida Gwaii that the
deer are a problem dropping the tag
limit from 15 deer per year with a max
of five year at a time to unlimited as
long as the meat isn't allowed to spoil
the government should be encouraging
Canadian hunters across the country to
come in and solve this problem to spend
their hunting dollars locally in Haida
Gwaii solving this deer issue while also
helping the local economy instead the
federal government is now spending
nearly 6 million dollars to pay a
foreign company to do what many
Canadians would gladly do for them for
free because for the federal government
actually for all levels of government
the answer is never fewer regulations
more freedom and local solutions the
answer unfortunately is always to spend
more of our money for the raveled media
i'm sheila kenric join me for the
biggest anti carbon tax rallies we've
ever planned Saturday April 14th from 1
to 3 at the Alberta Legislature and then
again Sunday April 15th from 1 to 3
Calgary City Hall we've already got
great speakers lined up it's a free
family-friendly event for more details
go to repeal the carbon tax com
