hey guys
that was the Welcome Reception received
by South Texas College of Law Professor
Josh Blackman when he dared show up to
give a speech at the City University of
New York Blackman speech was titled the
importance of free speech on campus and
it's ironic because he didn't get to
give this speech which in and of itself
perfectly captured the importance of
free speech on campus he's without it
you end up with nonsense like this well
thank you very much to CUNY for having
me and were a member of Congress I would
vote for the DREAM Act
my position is that the pulps meets up
was not consistent the world law which
teaches a lesson right the lesson is
this you can support something as a
matter of policy but then find that the
law doesn't permit it and then the
answer is to change the law those three
words are really the natural conclusion
of leftism think about it one side of
the political spectrum wants to ban
speech one side of the political
spectrum wants to ban guns one side of
the political spectrum wants to strip
the accused of their due process rights
with a listening belief mentality but
that one side sure has some clever
messaging here this is what I've seen a
lot my existence is greater than your
opinion because if you don't call me Z
or Z R or one of those other random
cringeworthy assortments of letters
you're not just disagreeing with me
you're denying my existence and when you
deny my existence that gives me license
to go after your existence with actual
violence or how about this sign held by
this young scholar who tried to block
Blackman from getting into the room with
his backpack conservative hate does not
equal intellectual debate because if I
just simply reframe your argument as
hatred I don't have to bother refuting
it and hey I don't want to take away
these students right to protest but
there's a difference between
protests and being a petulant censorious
cry bully as I'll let this administrator
explain learning came the university
rules our people get to speak
you may protest you may protest but you
may not keep any ones from speak if you
do I have other things to do I will be
back where you can resolve this yourself
or you can have you in them pretty based
as they say you know while they may come
up short on arguments logic self control
if there's one thing progressives don't
lack its raw emotion so I was a little
disappointed when they gave up trying to
silence Blackman just ten minutes in and
allowed him to answer questions if not
actually give his prepared speech
I think Dawkins
I think daca is a good policy
as a certain president would say low
energy but really these are our future
attorneys judges maybe even Supreme
Court justices I'd suggest grabbing some
popcorn and silencing your phone we are
not just watching this horror film
you're part of it for campus unmasked
I'm Rob Jim shock if you like this video
and support our mission please make sure
to comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details these in the forum on campus
unmask calm
