Justin Trudeau spent nearly $600,000
unpublishing propaganda and then hiding
the truth about it from you just more
liberal transparency from the government
that plans to crack down on so-called
fake news a new report out in black
locks reporter says that ten federal
agencies last year paid a national
broker five hundred and seventy seven
thousand dollars to distribute newspaper
stories ghost written by government
employees according to black lux records
show agencies paid nearly six hundred
thousand dollars in seventeen separate
contracts to News Canada a Toronto based
broker that distributes ready-to-use
timely lifestyle content that is free of
charge and copyright now let me give you
a couple of examples of this sneaky
pervasive propaganda happening here two
articles were written by the Health
Ministry and they found a way to chop in
Pro cannabis messaging just about
apropos of nothing
one article was called debunking the
latest health facts and myths and it
talks about the latest dietary trends
and then for some reason in the third
paragraph it says if you think cannabis
can help you relieve symptoms you are
experiencing talk to your doctor about
cannabis for medical purposes another
article titled teaching your kids to
make healthy choices said as a trusted
source of information you can start
having conversations early with your
children even before they reach their
teens about cannabis neither one of
these strange articles divulged that
they were both written by a Health
Canada employee and that Health Canada
is the co-sponsor of legislation to
legalize marijuana now whatever you
think about marijuana at this point you
should be completely weirded out that
the government is sneaking messaging in
favor of their own legislation into
articles that are then being passed off
as just regular old news and there's a
reason the Liberals are doing all of
this
actually it's pretty kg so kg it seems a
little too smart for the Liberals to
have come up with on their own but they
apparently did a 20-17 Edelman poll
suggested that Canadians trust in their
government is falling in 2017 only 43%
of Canadian said they trust our
government down from 53 percent a year
earlier and if we'll 80 percent of
Canadians feel their country's elites
are out of touch at about the same time
a poll conducted by Ipsos on behalf of
the radio television digital news
Association of Canada found that 77% of
Canadians are more likely to believe the
media over the government when the
government denies a report it's pretty
clear the Liberals took advantage of the
findings of both of these polls to do
something actually quite sinister you
see if Canadians distrust the government
but still trust the media far more than
the government why not just high
government messaging as news in the
media Canadians trust and that's what
the Liberals did they took advantage of
this remaining hierarchy of trust to
masquerade their own propaganda as good
old-fashioned fact and then hid it in
trusted sources this is propaganda in
its purest form not the hyperbolic I
can't stand the CBC bias use of the word
but propaganda in its truest meaning
it's information especially of biased or
misleading nature used to promote or
publicize a particular political cause
or point of view and the unsigned nature
of this extensive propaganda the fact
that the authors of these articles were
purposefully hidden from the Canadian
public so that we couldn't read this
news with the full awareness of what it
really was liberal propaganda now moves
this from a simple government waste
story about advertising spending to a
creepy ethics story about how a sleazy
government is trying to pull the wool
over its own people's eyes with their
very own money and control the media
from behind a curtain of anonymity it's
gross it is something no grown-up
democracy in the world should ever do
this is what Justin
Joe's favorite dictatorship China
routinely does with their own news media
this is what the Soviet Union used to do
all the time with their news media - and
since Justin Trudeau and Rachel Notley
just might build me the government-owned
Ladda
of all pipelines maybe that Soviet theme
holds true but I guess when Justin
Trudeau was talking about cracking down
on so-called fake news with his friends
at Facebook he really didn't mean news
that isn't actually news or news that
isn't truthful he couldn't mean that
since he's using our tax dollars to
populate the Canadian news cycle with
fake articles ghostwritten by liberal
and government workers about just how
great the government is so when Trudeau
says he's going to cracked down on fake
news
he doesn't mean false news he means news
he doesn't agree with or news that
doesn't have the appropriate amount of
subliminal liberal messaging written
into it but Trudeau he won't have to pay
any more to slide his government written
propaganda into the news cycle under our
noses for too much longer he's cutting
out that middleman broker this time the
media is lining up for their government
bailouts and they're pretty upfront
about who they're cheering for and just
what they're willing to do to get their
hands on that cash for the rebel media
I'm Sheila Gunnery join us for the
biggest rallies we've ever organized to
repeal Rachel notley's carbon tax will
be at the Alberta Legislature in
Edmonton from 1 to 3 on Saturday April
14th and in Calgary at the City Hall
plaza from 1 to 3 on Sunday April 15th
we've got great speakers already lined
up for both events for more details go
to repeal the carbon tax com
