President Trump is considering firing
Rosenstein I believe the president
should Rosenstein has been me the hub
with all the little tentacles springing
off he's been that hub in the middle of
all this he's managed McCabe
he kept Bruce or whose wife Nelly or
worked for fusion GPS as their russia
specialist who worked on the dossier he
kept Bruce or in a senior position Jeff
Sessions didn't seem it's very different
new rod Rosenstein he seems afraid of
him he dines with him that begs another
question where is Jeff Sessions and all
of this where is our Attorney General
stormy Daniels has nothing to do with
Russia collusion collusion Jeff Sessions
is not recused from the stormy Daniels
matter why is Jeff Sessions not in the
middle of this saying stop this nonsense
Jeff Sessions has lost all control the
Department of Justice no one no one has
confidence in Jeff Sessions anymore
outside of those morons on the alt-right
who believe in 4d Jeff's and Muller is a
white hat and Jeff Sessions is the
silent executioner behind the scenes oh
stop it
it's so incredibly stupid hearing it
it's like nails on a blackboard no there
is no 4 D 5 D 3 D 9 11 D Ches going on
behind the scenes Muller is not a white
hat he's not a good guy in sessions is
not doing anything he's not the silent
executioner I don't care what he did as
US Attorney in Alabama in 1862 and
whenever he was US Attorney in Alabama I
don't care I don't care he's not doing
it today I also want to hear people stop
the nonsense
Robert Muller is a Republican yeah well
so is Jeff Flake so is on a Navaro
so is Evan McMullen give me a break with
that nonsense as well now why I think
Trump should fire Rosenstein is number
one it wakes sessions up if he fires
Rosenstein sessions perks up I've been
thinking about this I mean Colin
recessions to be fired I'd love sessions
to be kicked out the door with him
firing sessions and leaving Rosenstein
in place does nothing in fact it makes
it worse because Rosenstein ascends to
acting Attorney General he has even more
power
get rid of Rosenstein Rosenstein is
Muller's closest ally Rosenstein is
Muller's handler Muller's enabler
he's mother's go-to guy hick Rosenstein
out of the equation you throw muller
off-balance now now muller is sort of an
island at that point he doesn't have a
direct contact at DOJ things start to
get real murky because jeff sessions
doesn't want to be involved you're gonna
have a number three at DOJ is gonna be
kind of reluctant to put themselves in
the middle of this then Mulder's got a
deal directly with the white house puts
muller in a really tough spot throws
muller off-balance to get rid of his guy
to get rid of his number-one man so I
think that President Trump shouldn't
even think about this he shouldn't even
give it a second thought
immediately fire rod Rosenstein and if
Jeff session says a word kick that do
nothing out the door with him this
Muller investigation and Rosen thines
complicity and what I feel to be a very
tarnished improper investigation this is
probably one of the most important
reports some of the most important
commentary I'll ever bring you and I
want to do it every single day so please
subscribe to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org this
