Ontario's canceled gas plant scandal was
just one of several billion-dollar
boondoggles to occur in the province
under the financially egregious and
reprehensible run of the McGinty Wynne
liberals but at long last one of their
minions found guilty in the attempted
cover-up of this scandal is going to
jail but just check out how members of
the media party are covering the
conviction of a fellow liberal
well maybe those canceled gas plans did
not constitute a crime in the truest
sense of the definition the cancellation
was merely an act of grotesque political
opportunism by the Ontario Liberals it
was all designed to get votes in a
couple of writings as opposed to doing
what was right for the entire province
but there were certainly a criminal
sidebar to the gas plants a guy named
Lee the Liberals did their damnedest to
cover up their role in orchestrating
this scandal by deleting digital records
that contained all the nitty-gritty
details of their caper and so what was
that political aide David Livingstone or
as I like to call him Ontario's little
Hilary well he went on his merry way
destroying computer records including
hard drives that contained information
that was very very embarrassing to his
liberal puppet masters in February
Livingston was found guilty of illegal
use of a computer system the crown asked
for six months jail time while the
defense had called for a conditional
discharge well today Livingston was
sentenced the judge gave him four months
and one year probation plus 100 hours of
community service the sentence no doubt
comes as a complete shock to Livingston
and his liberal supporters and of course
his cheerleaders in the mainstream media
I'm sure they expected McGinty's former
chief of staff to merely receive a few
token hours of community service which
by the way would have been unbearably
demeaning for Livingston I mean can you
imagine folks this lifelong liberal
entitled to all his entitlements
actually rubbing shoulders with the
great unwashed masses as opposed to you
know doing the cocktail circuit with his
champagne socialist friends Oh death
where is thy sting but the judge
obviously bought into the Crown's
argument that Livingston's actions were
so egregious that he truly needed jail
time to send a message but the media
party well they don't like to see one of
their own go down like that for starters
the headline from the Toronto Star kind
of plays it straight quote former chief
of staff to premier Dalton McGuinty gets
four months in jail for wiping hard
drives in wake of gas plant scandal end
quote
but the weaselly words are soon found in
the deck quote David Livingstone was
convicted of unauthorized use of a
computer system for arranging a password
that enabled a private contractor to
clear hard drives in the Premier's
office before Kathleen Wynne took power
end quote
did you catch that folks those last five
words before Kathleen Wynne took power
why is that so relevant well I'll tell
you why the subliminal message here is
this hey antarians
what Livingstone did was connected to
Liberals 1.0 when oh you know what's his
name was in charge this did not happen
during Liberals 2.0 headed up by our
still squeaky-clean Premier Kathleen
Wynne peace be upon her by the way is
anyone buying into the Kathleen Wynne
sergeant Schultz defense of I know
nothing I saw nothing in regards to the
gas plants I mean she was as senior as
senior gets in the McGinty in her circle
well I'll leave that for you to decide
moving on in an attempt to crank up the
sympathy level for Livingstone the star
dredges up old quotes from Livingston's
lawyer
Brian Gover back in February when he
stated quote the years of stress and
loss of employment status the disgrace
and stigma he has suffered will deter
others end quote that's me a hanky
already as for current events regarding
Livingstone the star made sure to push
the defense narrative that his sentence
was harsh for months come on it's not as
if Livingstone a career TD banker is
going to be doing life and being
declared a danger dangerous offender if
only as for Livingston's reaction to
I'm in the big house the star notes how
he gulped twice as his wife wrapped her
arm around his G thank goodness Justin
Trudeau wasn't in court he deplete a
full box of Kleenex ultra-soft
witnessing that performance but the star
then made a huge tactical error in
trying to gin up yet more sympathy for
Livingstone you see the story
highlighted Livingston's public apology
back in February quote I apologise to my
friends and my family for the anguish I
have put them through I regret the time
and money that are being required to
investigate and prosecute this case end
quote
did you notice something missing in that
Mia culpa you see when it comes to
apologizing 101 the cardinal rule is
this when apologizing you must apologize
to those who are most deserving of an
apology Livingstone said sorry to his
friends he said sorry to his colleagues
he said sorry to his family members and
as I previously noted in this space the
constituency Livingstone neglected to
apologise to was you the interior
taxpayer yes even when Livingstone was
outed even with all this exposure and
shame and toxic publicity Livingstone
couldn't be bothered to say sorry to the
people who got financially screwed the
most in fact he never even said that he
was sorry for his actions period no he
just feels badly for the anguish he
caused his fellow lefty ëletís now
moving on to the CBC its coverage of the
Livingstone sentencing plays it fairly
straight for the most part but here's
the thing folks be it a debate or a news
story the last words are always so very
important and here's how the CBC decided
to end its story
not with a justifiable condemnation of
Livingstone but rather with a feel-good
quotation from the judge quote I would
characterize mr. Livingston's overall
community service in a variety of
spheres as exceptional end quote yep the
end period full stop but wait a minute
that's not the story
here and the judge had way way more
damning things to say about the unsavory
aspects of Livingston's conduct so why
would the CBC cherry-pick this nonsense
about exceptional community service why
would they effectively end this story
with an endorsement of Livingstone why
not end the story with a quote from a
member of the opposition or the crown
lawyer all of whom had plenty of harsh
things to say about Livingstone but no
the CBC feels obligated to conduct its
own version of community service namely
creating some PR for a liberal crony who
got caught red-handed yet when you think
about it folks the CBC's conduct
regarding this story shouldn't come as
any surprise at all to a CBC drone
Livingstone isn't someone to condemn
heat someone to celebrate and the eyes
of a CBC hack Livingston's not a heathen
he's a hero now keep in mind the stories
I've cited our supposedly straight
unbiased news reports of the Livingstone
verdict the opinion columns and the
editorials well they have yet to be
written by the media party can you
possibly imagine what sort of liberal
apologist angle that prose will pursue
spin cycle you say oh methinks you're
going to see the literary equivalent of
a washing machine powered by a nuclear
reactor for the rebel media I'm David
the men's I'd Menzies hey folks may have
heard the rebel has a brand new app
please download that app and take the
rebel with you wherever you go
you
