hey folks the itinerary for the carry
the light hate fest slated for this
weekend in Toronto just seems to get
worse and worse
we recently pointed out that one of the
featured speakers is none other than the
pro Sharia feminist Linda Sarsour but
this event being staged by the Canadian
arm of the Islamic circle of North
America has other hate Meister speaking
to which have indeed been flagged by
Benet birth Canada for example consider
Nazir Ahmed he's actually a member of
the British House of Lords who blamed a
Jewish conspiracy after he was arrested
and jailed for unsafe driving he was
reportedly sending text messages while
driving just before a crash that
actually resulted in a fatality then
there's a usted Abdelrahman Murphy this
Muslim activist is an employee of the
kalam Institute which hosts a document
on its website warning that Muslims who
seek cleanliness and purity should not
resemble the Jews and finally how abouts
are sewers mentor Imam Suraj wah Hajj
well Hajj was an unindicted
co-conspirator in the 1993 World Trade
Center bombing although he denies he had
anything to do with that stillwe Hajj
has also denounced homosexuality in
Islam and condemn North American laws
for not forbidding fornication and
adultery you know with regard to a Hajj
isn't it odd how Canadians have been
warned that if they even have cannabis
investments in their stock portfolio
they might be barred from entering the
US but someone who was accused of being
a co-conspirator in an act of terrorism
neat worried about being impeded from
entering Canada what do you think that
is even so we don't support censorship
or banning people there's already way
too much of that going on today so I
think the better idea is to show Ignat n
DS what Linda Sarsour and company
actually stand for as I stated recently
our idea is to engage
that truck equipped with a Jumbotron
that will displace our sewers hateful
words for all to see it costs about
sixteen hundred dollars to rent this
vehicle then there's gas money but it's
a worthwhile endeavor we want ordinary
citizens in the Toronto area to realize
exactly who has come into this country
and what she stands for and we want to
put it on the record that Canadians
don't support sir sewers hateful toxic
comments I also want to give our
petition to it 'no with thousands of
names of canadians who oppose this
islamist hate fest that's our plan one
that respects freedom of expression but
shames acknow while forcing attendees to
come face-to-face with sir sewers hatred
now if you agree with our plan please
help us sign our petition at Linda's R
Seward CA a petition that I will
personally drop off at Ignace
headquarters and please help us pay for
that Jumbotron truck we'll need at least
eighteen hundred dollars to cover all
the expenses again please take a stand
against hatred by signing our petition
now at Linda Sarsour dot CA and please
donate whatever you can spare to pay for
this very important mission thank you
hey folks take a stand against imported
hatred coming into Canada please visit
our website Linda Sarsour dot CA and
sign our petition
you
