boy if there's one thing I just can't
stand it's people exercising their
constitutional protected right to free
speech
so the Young Conservatives of Texas
group at UT Austin recently had the
audacity to host a demonstration in
support of Supreme Court nominee Brett
Kavanaugh and that girl you just saw
who's apparently a former student
government officer was not happy you
know I'm not quite sure which I find
more inspiring progressives who
understand that practicing tolerance and
compassion sometimes involves sticky
situations or the fact that it takes her
only 14 tries to destroy two signs
that's right I'm sorry but if you have a
different opinion than us it's a nephew
to survivors so let's take a look at the
signs those disbelievers use to taught
Miss Sarah Oh gun Mui WA I'm probably
skewing that so I'll be paying extra
reparations this month look we have
hashtag me two gone hashtag too far
no campus kangaroo courts in Congress
cavern not guilty oh ha ha very funny
guys along with the change our minds
sign inviting dialogue debate or the
really persuasive method of just tearing
someone's property to shreds
now that older guy you saw near the end
of the last video segment was a UT
Austin Dean of Students who tried to
calm down poor Sarah one of whose majors
I was proud to find out is women and
gender studies I spoke with the school
Police Department and they're still
investigating the situation but honestly
those provocateurs should have been
expelled the Young Conservatives
chairman Saurabh Sharma I don't feel bad
mispronouncing his name because he's
probably a Nazi he said it was also very
clear that this started on the campus
this ethic of guilty until proven
otherwise
that's right welcome to 2018 sir Rob
wake up and smell the extra soy coffee a
counter protester was definitely the
instigator for the violence and she
really kind of got up in our faces and
even accidentally hit one of our members
in the eye as she snatched the poster
away yeah well maybe you shouldn't have
supported rape culture ever consider
that anyway my buddies over at the UT
Austin autonomous student network you
remember the super rad and narco
communists group that suggested instead
of law enforcement Appreciation Day
law enforcement incineration day yeah
well they went online and post to the
Young Conservatives names photos phone
numbers emails and even job info so who
knows maybe we can get them fired dude
that would be so radical for campus
unmasked I'm Rob Simms hawk remember
listen and believe and keep on Bash in
the fash
if you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
