I truly believe that justin trudeau
regards himself as a global anti-trump
and if there's a gun shooting in America
Trudeau is one of the first to tweet
about it even if it is no no connection
at all to Canada Trump Trudeau makes
foreign policy statements in contra
position to the u.s. it's really so
self-conscious that he's trying to be
the anti Trump I don't know if it's
working for him in garnering world
support the third world behind Justin
Trudeau but it sure is messing up our
own government isn't it what are the
these access to information reports say
about this tweet in the habit caused
well as her I mean you literally wrote
the book on Trump and Trudeau and how
Trudeau just sort of tries to do the
opposite of Trump here we saw a real
example of the consequences that words
and actions have so as we all know
Trudeau was virtue signaling he wanted
to get attention and and the spotlight
after Trump put forth of pretty prudent
maybe clunky but pretty prudent idea to
ban migrants coming from war-torn
countries with Islamist governments so
treat over to signaling jumped on
Twitter put out that infamous tweet and
the access to information requests that
we got the post media received just
shows how chaotic the chaos and
confusion that this caused throughout
the federal government so that we saw
emails from the Immigration Department
itself who seem to be confused as to
whether or not the Canadian government
was actually going to be changing its
policies towards refugees coming from
the US or so-called refugees asylum
seekers there was confusion about how to
respond to international media requests
and we saw the reaction coming from
Canadian diplomats posted around the
world and the reaction that they were
getting in their outposts in foreign
capitals with a surge of enquiries and
questions coming up about whether or not
Canada was actually creating a new
policy whereby we were going to accept
migrants who had been explicitly
rejected from our neighbor and our
closest ally
Azra so you can just see that the chaos
that Trudeau's
you know short-sighted virtue signalling
had on the federal government that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch The
Daily Show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
