you wrote something in here and I've
been arguing this point and people
listen past and talked past me on it for
years it's so important he wrote
homicide is not synonymous with murder
we're homicide count both murders and
justifiable homicide for example when a
police officer our civilian kill someone
in self-defense now in the NYPD the
definition of homicide this was
ingrained into us in the academy
homicide was any death other than by
natural causes it might be a crime or
about determined that the person jumped
off the balcony and wasn't pushed but it
was initially a homicide if it was
anything other than evident natural
causes I it just frustrates me to no end
when people conflate
homicide and murder it and I'm so glad
you you made that distinction in this
study you go out right you know let's
touch on that yeah right well I mean gun
control advocates insist on using
homicides all the time and firearm
homicides and here here's the problem
and that is the United States there's a
lot more justifiable homicides than most
other countries do and so what that
tends to do is by using the homicide
rate rather than the murder rate it
tends to make the United States look
relatively bad but right you know I
don't you know if the police officer
kills somebody who is threatening to
kill the police officer I mean again
we're talking about justifiable cases a
homeowner warding off the home invaders
and killing one exactly right you know
somebody's trying to rape a woman and
she uses a gun in self-defense right I
don't put that in the same bad category
by any means as you know somebody who
murders somebody else no I don't either
and and that's that is always frustrated
me to know and why are we putting police
shootings justifiable homicides the
store owner protecting his business and
his life is being lumped in with the
ms-13 gangbanger who shot and killed
someone over a drug deal right and what
most people don't understand is that
that makes the United States look
significantly worse well
to other countries so you may have you
know 13,000 firearm homicides right but
9,000 something firearm murders right
now there's another stat in here that
you talked about that I didn't know this
and I use this data very very often and
I learned something else
you're right murder is not a nationwide
prom in the United States the problem in
a very small set of urban areas now that
I know but I didn't realize until I read
these numbers just how concentrated it
was doc here I'd in 2014 the worst two
percent of counties new percent of
counties in the u.s. accounted for 52
percent of the murders five percent of
counties accounted for 68 percent of the
murders that is a staggering statistic
now when I dug into this data when I
read your study clearly these counties
tend to be african-american lesser to a
lesser degree primarily Hispanic that's
clearly why that narratives being
sanitized by the mainstream media right
you know it's not just that you have
these majority of the murderers in just
2% of the counties if you also look at
those counties and look at what's called
a murder map you know kind of the
distribution of murders in those
counties they're very heavily
concentrated in certain areas I mean you
can look at Washington DC for example
literally the western half of the
district has like no murders the
southern part of the district around the
capital has essentially no murders and
you know you have the murders
concentrated in certain areas and kind
of the northeast part of the district
where the gang activity is where the
criminal activity yes so much this is
drug gang and gang-related you know you
look at other cities like Indianapolis
outside of the Center City there's
basically no murders that occur and and
so not only do you have these murders
concentrated in just a tiny percentage
of these counties but they're
concentrated in
small areas of those even those counties
and you know a lot of these counties
you'll find maybe eight to ten blocks
account for the majority of of those
murders this is really important subject
matter really really important subject
matter that that gets to the heart of
many of the problems that we're facing
as a society today and I'm gonna bring
it to you every day so help me do it by
subscribing to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org this
