doing a show for many years doing radio
doing television I've interviewed a lot
of people this is probably the most
fascinating interview I've ever done I
want to juice you to Matthew Schreyer
Matt was held hostage by the unloose for
faction of al-qaeda in Syria he's the
only American ever to escape al-qaeda
captivity he wrote this incredible book
called the dawn prayer and I loved the
title the alternate title is whore how
does how to survive in a secret Syrian
terrorists prison Matt joins me now now
full disclosure Matt and I had a chance
to speak a bit about this last night the
story is absolutely fascinating he was
gracious enough to give me a signed copy
of the book Matthew I am literally
halfway through the book in 12 hours I
started reading it last night when I got
home I could not put it down I encourage
everybody to buy the book let me show
them the cover again it is one of the
best reads I'll probably be done with
the book tonight I mean literally half a
day read you blow through it let's start
at the beginning you were a
photojournalist videographer you're in
Syria it's late December 2012 the story
begins on New Year's Eve 2012 take us
there what happens well I was in Syria
for 18 days photographing the war for
the Free Syrian Army side I just got
done in Carmel jebel which is like the
Stalingrad section totally decimated and
I finally had the images I wanted so I
said all right I'm out I want to go home
and sell them while they're still
relevant so long story short the host my
fixer arranged accommodations with set
me up with the cab driver who had been
troubling me around the past few days so
nothing would seem out of the ordinary
and when I told my wanted to go home
said he would arrange the ride through
this cab driver and when I was 45
minutes from the Turkish border in
freedom a Jeep Cherokee just fell across
the road caught us all off and then
beyond those four boys jumped out eight
K's 45s and they got took me out of the
camp put me in the back seat blindfolded
me press the barrel dak to my head and
then we were moving all doctors probably
took a minute
Wow so quick abduction that they roll
right up gunpoint pull you out get you
in their SUV and now where are you
heading
you're assuming your blindfold or
someone's pulled over your eyes at this
point it's cold in Syria so in the
winter so they pulled my ski cap over my
eyes as a blind fall then we started
moving it was about 10 to 15 minute
drive and we arrived at the ileft the
Children's Hospital of Aleppo which is a
pretty notorious place now and I was
brought downstairs into the basement
where the prison is and into an office
and that's where my interrogation began
okay so you're now in the Children's
Hospital and Aleppo
how many facilities did they move you to
you're in captivity from beginning to
end for about seven months until you
escaped correct right right
how long were you in that particular at
the Children's Hospital in Aleppo
I did two stints there the first one was
from New Year's Eve till February 6 but
you're there for about a month a month
in a few days about a month in a week
yeah died or get me any fresh air just
totally submerged in the basement now
how what was their initial treatment of
you because they want to do as a hostage
ride meme you know their ultimate end
game with you wasn't a political
statement or an execution it was ransom
correct right right that's what it
turned out to be with somebody else who
I ended up with but at first my
treatment was was a plus under the
circumstances they liked me they thought
I was funny cuz I would joke around with
them and kid around and not cower every
time they came in the cell I really
focused on building rapport with these
guys because I realized you know if they
like me they're not gonna torture me and
if they like me they're gonna treat me
better and you know from the young ones
to the old ones these are the kids the
kids take you to the bathroom they feed
you if you don't have a good rapport
with them you're done right right you
can make it like I'm assuming it can be
the difference between sin a hellish
place and a hellish existence in a
hellish place well said well say okay so
you're there you're you're being held
now by this pretty violent faction when
did the notion of escape first pop into
your head was the minute they abducted
you was it after you were sitting in
there for a couple of weeks when did you
first say to yourself come hell or high
water I'm going to escape her died
I started trying to escape my first week
I I had so many ideas and plans I
couldn't fit them all to the book the
first the first one happened to the
first plan was the first week I found an
allen key outside my window I was trying
to chisel around the bolts that held the
bars that didn't work but the first
really great plan that I had was few
weeks in after I got thrown in with this
other American who turned out to be the
worst part of my entire experience this
guy was basically the way I described in
the book is he was basically two
journalists but Gomer Pyle was the
Marines Wow yeah the guy couldn't do
anything right so once I got thrown in a
room with this guy he was driving me
nuts and I was like all right I gotta
get out of here I got to escape from it
as much as I have to escape from al
Qaeda you know I don't mean and I want
the audience to understand this is a
grave topic but man I've had a few
chances to speak and you've been able to
essentially bring a lot of humor into it
would be for others a devastating
situation and and and I have to give you
a tremendous tremendous credit for that
I thought when I first spoke to you I
was gonna be speaking to this fragile
soul but you've been pretty unfazed by
this I mean this is an exceptional story
but in any event so go on this guy's a
complete disaster he can't do anything
right and he's he's becoming worse than
the bad guys the captors at certain
points so just weak and untrustworthy
that he's supposed to be my fellow
American but I could never even tell him
that I was Jewish because I knew that I
would tell on me so I had to keep that a
secret from my fellow American if I can
even call him that as much as I did from
al-qaeda no Matt why was that was he
just terrified of them or was he
somewhat sympathetic to them it's it's
so weird he has he was terrified by them
because they hated him but at the same
time he had like this sick desire to be
accepted by them and almost almost
Stockholm Syndrome that's the
interesting part of my heart you expect
the Stockholm Syndrome kind of develops
while you're captive right okay he's
always had this desire and and you know
one of the things that I found out about
him after I came home seeing steel pad
noses years earlier he went to Yemen and
he wanted to become a famous journalist
so because he speaks Arabic you thought
okay let me feign conversion to Islam so
I can infiltrate the mosques and
madrasahs and spy on them and then write
a book bragging about it and that's what
he did it he called the book undercover
Muslim and he never told me about it and
you know that's worse than being Jewish
that's like back to these people yeah
now did the captors know that he had
done this
oh no the reason why they didn't notice
because he had to change his name to
avoid getting killed after he wrote the
book and you know and that made things
even you know it didn't help him over
there because he's saying he's a
journalist they Google of his new name
and nothing comes up because it's all
everything everything's under is it is
other name that he wrote on the cover of
Muslims so now they think he's a CIA
agent even more and that's really why
they would make him suffer and he spoke
Arabic there was nothing he had nobody
to vouch for him yeah right right right
for the biggest think this guy is is
living out his cover and he's so well
trained that he can't break alright so
so you're in not now you're at the
Children's Hospital did you try and
escape attempt there when when did you
you thinking about the plans after your
first week there when were you at which
point at which facility they had you in
did you say okay now the escape plan is
starting to become viable I think I can
do this the infrastructure the place is
shoddy enough where this might actually
work that was at the Children's Hospital
we had a holding us in the cell was a
just a regular wood paneled door solid
but where the panels are the
indentations are it was very thin like
maybe a centimeter so my plan was you
know one day I was looking at the door
and I see you know there on the thick
part there's this really big impression
that somebody farmed into it about the
size of a silver dollar and I just
looked at my cell mate I'm like what's
that mark in the door you know just
matter-of-factly he's like I put it
there and I'm like why and he's like I
was born and then later gave me two you
can make the people you know this big in
the middle of the door I guess oh wait
so this guy you're in with who turns out
to be a bumbling moron carves Harv's a
gouge into the door that they could
easily see yeah about the size of a
silver dollar used he was trying to make
a people I mean
yeah I don't know I can't explain just
shows you how like crazy is but that
well that should have been giveaway
number one that he wasn't an agency guy
to them yeah no you would think so I
mean that's what I say in the book that
you know between that and the way he
just would take a beating it was obvious
he had no trainee at all he did America
as we know it and so I I see what he did
to the door and I'm like I you know the
doors this week you know we can we can
work so what I did was I stop wait no
Matt so the audience understand this is
basic this isn't like a reinforced
prison door this is a door that a person
might have on their closet or their
bathroom in their home right just a
regular wood padding in the door okay
yeah they didn't they didn't reinforce
the doors to change them some of the
prison's they did do that but this one
they it was so you know so heavily
guarded they didn't have to do that to
sell Patrick so still a 3 inch block
that brass screw and I smuggled back to
my cell a couple days later I get a flat
iron bracket to stick that in my sock so
now I have a how did you how did you get
those what were those things laying
around how did you come across pieces of
metal this group was I took it from a
sorry a light switch because they'd like
to rip out the light switches so you can
you well they did that in the bathroom
so I grabbed it from the one that they
ripped out because they let the screw
hanging out and then a few days later I
was washing my hands and on the on the
soap dish or on the sink was a it was
the bracket so I grabbed and I stuffed
it in my sock and my settle meats like
what are you doing when you put a bag
he's like practically crying and like
shut up shut up we're fighting about
this is the guard to come in so finally
the doors open it's past the point of no
return and I get I get the bracket back
to the cell and now I have a screw and a
bracket I think literally literally fit
the Brett the bracket into the screw it
use it as a screwdriver yeah yeah so I
put it in the door top right corner of
the indentation where it's really thin
like a centimeter and I screwed it
through in and out less than five
minutes didn't make a noise strip the
screw once and my plan was easy
so basically for the audience's own
edification it almost was like what I'm
picturing is the door like the one
behind you right now where it sort of
had those little molding the one right
behind you right right so you're you're
trying to put it into those sort of
recessed portions that are decorate
of where it's even that much thinner
right gotcha that's where it's thin so
when you put the screw in and out if you
do it all around the indentation behind
me
you perforate it you're making it's
almost like you're sawing through you're
creating it's almost like tearing
perforated paper at that point exactly
all around it and you just kick it out
in one shot when you have the
opportunity and you know this this this
descendent indentation was about the
size of a milk crate so even even an
even a big guy can crawl through it it
was it was the easiest game it just took
you know time and planning but my
cellmate was like no I don't like that
idea
and he's like insisting that we try to
screw through the thick part which is
solid wood like this thick with us but
you would need a drill to do it and and
then punch out the the wood and turn the
key and I was just like that's never
gonna work and he's like well they were
not doing anything and and I'm just like
alright you know what fine my mom's
birthday is in two weeks I'm not gonna
be here and to be honest with you I
thought he would go back to my plan once
you saw that his was come impossible but
unfortunately you know we couldn't even
get a centimeter into the wood with his
plan because the bracket started to
subscribe to screw and every time you
strip the screw makes a click sound
right like 2 hours in who's walking past
the door General Mohammad who runs the
prison who likes me
and he hears that click and that was the
end of my good treatment he caught us
tried to escape came in starts examining
the door with a flashlight with two
thugs he doesn't see the marks that I
was making tonight Emma concealed by
staying along the plate that surrounded
the doorknob right right right
his flashlight falls on this giant
silver dollar sized impression that this
moron made before I even entered the
cell and and then he calls me over he's
like come here so I go over in it and I
crouched down next week points to it
it's furious and I'm like Muhammad I
didn't do it and I kind of looked
towards my cell mate to see if he's
gonna be a man and fess up he's just
like standing there and then uh general
Mohammed so I was looking around on the
floor and what does he find
he finds this little piece of concrete
that my idiot cellmate put there because
he liked to kick it around the room like
like a soccer ball I told to clean it up
a hundred times they never listen to me
general Allen picks up this little piece
of concrete and Just My Luck
it fits perfectly into the impression
that might still make me he starts
grinding it back and forth and now he
looks at me easy but more pissed because
this is what he thinks I was doing and
he thinks the other guy is too much of a
cowardly moron to try to escape so he
pins it on you oh yeah pretty much
pretty much and it blows my Selmy even
though he put the mark in the door he
wouldn't fess up to it because he's just
uh you know a backstabber so uh general
Mohammed I'm just like I've been doing
before I even like finished my sentence
he launched the first punch I've locked
it launched another one kind of grazed
me and then you stood up kick me in the
abdomen and smashed the concrete over
the back of my head which kind of
stunned me and then he goes over to my
cellmate grabs him by the collar of his
jacket and throws me against the wall
and whenever they would touch him I mean
you could breathe on this guy he would
just fall flat on his face and start
shaking like this so as soon as he hits
the wall just drops and starts shaking
like this Mohammed pulls out his block
like he's just gonna you know execute it
right there on the spot so I got off and
I went over and I started begging him
not to kill him I was like please you
know I made the noise I'm cleaning my
nails out on the door because your nails
get really dirty man trying to convince
him which was bad idea cuz he had a pair
of needlenose pliers on him that's all
really ripping my fingernails out but
was the only excuse I can think of so
I'm just like begging him so finally
holsters the Glock and he says I'm gonna
come back and I don't know how long
maybe a half hour an hour and I'm gonna
torture you I'm gonna come back tonight
and I'm gonna do it again and he leaves
and they take our beds in our blankets
which is a big deal because it's cold
and we don't want to get sick so they
leave they take everything or whatever
supplies right Marcus in the room and
I'm just my cellmate translates what he
said he's like he's like say he's gonna
come back in a half hour and feed us now
at this point how good was your Arabic
and how good or bad were your captors
English
some of them spoke really really good
English a lot of them
passable English because everyone takes
English in school over there it's like
it's everyone has to do it
so most of the people I can communicate
with my Arabic was poor and my fifty
there I got thrown in with some soldiers
and I started learning Arabic but then
once I got thrown in with this American
guy to steal rather to go back to that
real quick so soldiers from where the
Syrian army you're okay so now this guy
general Mohammed how high up the food
chain and al-qaeda was he at this point
he was just running in the prison but I
mean anyone on this real estate is high
up or connected to the highest of the
high okay
cuz these these bases at the hospital
work where you know the basically the
Emir's like Golani Khatami the number
one number two they would this is real
estate where they would visit so if
you're if you have a fixed position on
this real estate you know you're
somebody your rising or you're connected
to people that matter this is gonna be
posting in our military this would be
equivalent to CEO of a special
operations unit or something like that
this is not some outpost logistical
position right that's what people
understand we were not held by some
random militia that just grabbed us we
were held by the top of the top the
soldiers that we were with were
extremely valuable we were kept with my
good friend Sharif was cousins to a guy
named Rami Makhlouf now Rami Makhlouf is
Bashar al-assad the president's
brother-in-law and the richest man in
Syria Wow
yeah he ran like 80% of the economy
these are where they held their highest
value prisoners and these were some of
their top there top dies al-qaeda's top
guys right so we were we were basically
tapped and prisoner of war conditions
the same as soldiers so like when I was
with those guys for a couple of days I
started learning Arabic because yeah I
wanted to make my life better but then I
got thrown in video and I saw how bad
they treated him because he spoke Arabic
and I was like you know what I'm gonna
let you carry the pail on this one so
moving forward I just learned what I
needed to know
you know to survive you know bathroom
food thank you please
and I limit it because
when you get transferred from prison to
prison there are new guards so if you
start learning Arabic and you're
speaking it really well after a few
months you get transferred to a new
prison and these guards don't know that
you didn't know it then you're a CIA
agent and I don't want that problem so I
just basically focus on learning what I
needed to know and nothing more how do
you hide this entire time in the back of
your mind you know that if they find out
you're Jewish you're dead right they're
gonna whack you on the spot so you've
got to be in and now you're now you've
got three missions one is survival one
is escape and one is hiding the fact
that you're an American Jew so they
don't kill you on the spot on in Global
Television right right so my last name
is Schreyer so it sounds German right as
well why I was confident that I can go
over there and just do the job even if I
mean take a captured so I told them
during my interrogation they you know
one of the first questions they ask you
is about religion you are so I just said
I'm a Christian because that's the
expect and then they asked where my you
know what my parents are so I said my
great-grandparents all came over from
Germany in the early 20th century and
they loved that answer because you know
they have a lot of respect for German
history right and then finally you know
my first week there because there's an
article online mentions that I'm Jewish
it I knew they were going to investigate
me so I started thinking like alright
man you gotta like anticipate them
finding this article so I said alright
I'm gonna ask for a Koran though of
course give me the Quran I'll read it by
the end you know I'll find a lot of way
bam thank you men but uh I'm surprised
they were like no we're not giving you a
career in so I was like really and
they're like yeah you're not gonna be
one I was like thinking to myself well
that never happens in the movie and so
basically what I did was in April or no
in March they threw a Moroccan al-qaeda
prisoner in with us one of their own
they shot in the leg and arrested
because this guy was too much of a
maniac even for guys who wear belts as
accessories way to say they throw a guy
in with you who's one of them but he's
such a wild card they don't want to deal
with him so they stick him in prison
with the American who they're unsure
about right right I mean it's obvious
that they had reservations about him too
because he lived in the States for 12
years he spoke English you have an
iPhone and and they they associate
iPhones with this
CIA for some reason even though all
those guys have blackberries and so what
I did was after they threw him in the
room I waited a few weeks then because
even buddy was like yeah you actually
came very choice you can very I'm just
yeah you know you don't want jumping too
quickly because you don't want to know
that you're faking it so like two weeks
and I was like alright I'll do it so
what I did was I I pretended to convert
with him behind the guards backs and by
the time they found that it was too late
and like two days later they brought me
a brand new mm the Tallis blue king of
Saudi Arabia edition Quran nicest one in
the whole prison nicer than any real
Muslim and you know half English half an
Arabic and and it was hilarious because
you know now on this Jewish guy
pretending like the most extreme
terrorist in the world that I'm a Muslim
and laughing my ass off at them pretty
much every chance I get
they would they would go nuts like I
learned the Fatiha which is the most
important prayer prayer in the Quran so
I learned but I learned that and
whenever I recited for them these guys
would go nuts like I mean I'm telling
you they would practically break out
their lighters and hold him in the sky I
the only reason doing is because they
probably want to close themselves off
they suicide belts but you know one one
of them was so impressed that he took
off his slippers and started clapping
with them Wow
ya know I wasn't doing it over my bed
you got crap all over my bed now look
now at this point are you still in the
Children's Hospital you see they moved
you know six or seven prisons right in
different prisons because uh you know
after after we got caught trying to
escape
you know Jerald Muhammad to backtrack a
little bit he catches us and then they
bring me down to the boiler room and
they whack my feet a hundred and fifteen
times with a thick cable about as thick
as a nightstick I mean this it's in the
boiler room which is like you know
there's a reason why Freddy Krueger
takes place nasty ominous place Friday
yes I collect like there's a guy hanging
from handcuffs by a pipe so I take my
hundred fifteen legs and
we got transferred to another prison for
punishment and this was like where you
see in the book my treatment goes from
being like a plus to just f- right like
the type of conditions you you expect
only worse you know we were locked in
this cold dark room like they cemented
over the window we're infested with
bedbugs by this point and just barely
fed tormented on a daily basis with
blasting this loud music outside our
doors for hours hours worse right and
you know and my cellmate couldn't take
my cell me was music now who are you
with at this point are you with the the
moron who tried to carve out that door
are you with the Moroccan terrorists no
we didn't get the Moroccan yet the
Moroccan comes later still with the CEO
the other American and he was broken
when I met him but this place just
shattered whatever was left right and he
just started spending all his time under
the covers just every minute of the day
he was under the covers like a good
undercover Muslim I guess and he never
came out and that was just destroying me
emotionally like it was just my morale
dropped because the reason why I was
taken out of the cell to soldiers and
put in with him was so Mohammed's like
here you have somebody to talk to now
and I was just like now I really rather
stay with the soldiers to be honest with
you yeah but so now with this guy and
you know my treatment was it was as
horrible as it can be but you know hid
for him because they hated him so much
it was it was worse even though this is
where they started asking me you know
trying to pin CIA on me but I didn't
confess like I took it they like you
know they flogged me with a garden hose
for the confession I just took it
because I'm like I'm not going to be
tree how so so you're saying you're in
captivity for seven months how long did
the torture go on uh well I mean
systematically I was toured
like that was like the only like real
systematic torture where it's like we're
taking you down and we're gonna torture
you you know now that's the reason we're
taking it from the cell but there were
other times like
you know like when I was flock like they
wanted me to confess me to CIA agent I
wouldn't do it so I was forced to strip
down to my bare back get up against the
wall and the guy flogged me with the
garden hose until though I confess but I
didn't confess I just took it because
you know you confess it's gonna be worse
it's going worse yeah it's all going
downhill right yeah but take the pain
now or and you'll relieve yourself so
much that's gonna come later and so I
made it through that one but like my
sell me one night and this is one of the
most intense parts of the book in my
opinion were in the cell this dark cell
in this punishment prison and management
comes we could tell through the voices
in the hallways that it was all
upper-level guys and they start taking
prisoners out from across the hall and
screaming every time they pick one out
we just get laughing and screaming and
they put them in and then we're like
alright thank God because you know it
was just echoing throughout the hallway
they would buy it right right I never
did they were coming down the hallway
and it's like a steam in a horror movie
yeah yeah it was just like we didn't
know what they were doing if we knew
they were hitting them whacking their
feet but we didn't know like how right
until the flashlight being went through
our keyhole the key hole of our doors
like an old-school skeleton key and I'm
like I'll know the comment so we turn
over and we face the wall and they open
the door and you just hear an Arabic
must swear and that means photographers
so they were talking about me right
I didn't know CIA oh they're talking
about Bo and they're like CIA yellow
that means let's go so he gets up and
they take it from the cell they lock me
to bed and waiting like a minute or two
like this year say no and he's like all
right
oh he can he gave it up he confess a
long time ago they were just doing this
for fun oh god okay he told me he
confessed after one lick to the bottoms
of his feet and he just confessed and
and on this occasion it was no different
they strung him up and they hit him with
the first time they hit him
and he stopped a second later open the
door and they throw him in and I'm just
like oh god it's my turn and he slammed
the door they spared me mama and he's
like and he's like laying on me like
panting like a dog and I'm just like are
you all right man and he's like yeah
don't move don't move
I'm like when they do to you and he said
that they threw up I was like did they
give you the tire because when they
whack your feet they usually put a tire
around your knees I'd let the I read I
read that yeah the lock to lock him in
the place they flipped you over and your
feet are in the air so I was like they
give you the tire he's like no they
didn't have a tire so what they did to
him was they threw a rope over a pipe in
the hallway and they strung him up by
his feet like that ah and he just
started whacking his feet with uh with a
cable and you know and it was dark with
only flashlights you know I can't even
imagine like how terrifying that was
psychologically yeah terrible yeah I
mean I mean for me it was it was it was
terrifying because I was just sitting
there waiting my turn
but for him like that moment well yeah I
can't even imagine what it was like and
that's what that's what this Jail was
basically was man I mean they shaved my
head which really you know bothered me
because I'm as you know in the Jewish
guy you don't want to get you achieve
prison s your will and we look like this
for about 40 days and if they're about
40 days we were transferred back to the
hospital and after a few days that's
when they threw this Moroccan maniac in
with us when did the escape khamenei you
you uh
at which point now now okay so when they
throw them rocket in with you how long
into captivity is that if they threw him
in with those I think it was uh March 15
so you're only there about about two and
a half months at this point right but
now another four and a half months goes
by same same kind of thing or does the
torture taper off and it's pretty much
back to business as usual as it was
early on yeah pretty much it's back to
business as usual I mean the tortures
still going on up the hall like pretty
much all day long you can hear people
right you know getting tortured and and
it gets worse you know like at first
they weren't using electricity then they
started using like high-voltage tasers
on and you know the sound of that is
is pretty horrific psychologically
terrifying but you never was subjected
to that no I have one prison I got tased
a couple of times yeah to that point at
the at the villa they because you know
we had sixty Seconds to use the bathroom
no matter what you had to do so if you
went into overtime they would tase you
and me my pampered American a sneeze
longer than 60 seconds so I would just
you know take my time cleaning myself up
and I've let them you know take my tase
and now beat it and I'm not sitting
around filthy all day yeah alright so
now we're now we're in or seven months
down a road were in July it's gotta be
hot hot as hell they're right when do
you when do you start to realize what
what happened is both in terms of the
building you're in the room you're in
when do you start to realize that escape
is now again a viable option and how do
you actually escape well at first it was
it was an option kind of cuz the Meraki
was still with us the Moroccan was a big
guy he was 230 pounds like 6-3 he was a
big guy so I noticed the windows and you
know they were like typical basement
windows with only the difference was is
that instead of bars on the outside
there were like these thick steel wires
similar to what's on the cover of the
book right and I don't know if the
audience can see the cover of the book I
want to try to get it under the camera
but it's this sort of mesh wire there
yeah but it's it's thick it's like
quality steel right you know they're
probably like each each wire is probably
about half is thick as a pencil okay so
you're not you're not snapping this this
is good you know Lou Ferrigno can pull
these things out but all the way to the
right
somebody snip the wires once and whoever
put it together whoever put it back
together again didn't do a very good job
with the wires it was different kinds of
metal they're all Wiggly and
the horizontal ones were really thick
quality steel like the ones on all those
that weren't flawed but the horizontals
were all but the verticals were all thin
like paper clips and but since the
Meraki was so big and could never fit
out of there you know I didn't even
bring up the subject from escaping
because there was a snow pony and plus
he's one of them so you don't know if
he's gonna give you up things exactly I
mean if he could fit yeah we would have
done it because you want to get justice
we did yeah
but it
was impossible with him but two weeks in
they came down and they took him and
they killed them
oh really yeah which created the
opportunity that I've been waiting for
so as soon as I realized he wasn't
coming back I looked at my cell mate and
I said you know do you think you can fit
out that window he was just like yeah
and I was like okay so next day he gets
down on his hands and knees and I try to
pull it alive I can't pull it off it's
welded on to well the later on the I get
off his back and he's like all right
that means that idea he's like no the
later on they feed us and we have spoons
so I get that so I get on his back I try
to pry bonds didn't do it they're onto
well and he's like alright I'm done like
you had your chance and he like gives up
and goes back to sleeping by now this
guy is sleeping like 17 18 hours a day
this dirty shirt over his face and both
on his hands stuff down his pants
because driving me nuts and one day when
you slip them like this I go into the
bathroom I get the bucket they gave us
to wash our laundry with flip it over on
the window I'd stack my blank my
blankets on it and I start staring at
the window and I studied the wires and I
said think think think of penances and
books or movies that have been in
similar situation and I know it sounds
funny but I thought of the duration the
velociraptors interracial porn I
remembered how the the Australian guy
was like yeah whenever they jump up at
the wires they never hit the same spot
twice that they were testing it for
floors Wow so I started I started with
the vertical wires Oh
everyone at the top wiggle none of them
will love it at the place then I go to
the left the horizontal which would take
quality steel and they're about 13 of
them and only three of them are welded
all the other ones moved so then going
to the right and all 13 and that's when
I smiled and I said I got you I got you
all I had to do was unweave the
verticals and stand them up so that when
the guards came in they didn't notice we
were messing with the window and the
time came you fold them down and you
bend back the horizontals and you create
the opening ah the arse the horizontals
are welded poorly
one side so you could just right out of
the way Wow it was basically held
together by tension and if you just
unwove the wires obviously that tension
is gone you can rise in the back and
he'll or how large is the the gap that
you create I mean large enough for a
normal-sized man to get through large
enough just enough for me and my cellie
Wow just by the skin of your teeth I
mean this was just big enough to get out
I mean I mean I don't ruin the whole
yeah took two attempts because like we
thought it was a lot wider than it was
and then once I got up there and I saw
how narrow it was I was just like oh my
god you know we have to we have to put
the window back together and be playing
it now at this point so you get out I
don't want it like you said I want to
get too much I want people to read this
book but I get out now you're in Aleppo
right now you're in the middle of a
really volatile city what do you do
where do you go I mean now you're there
you you've got no money you've got no
credit cards you've got no wallet no
cell phone you're in the middle of
terrorist territory what the hell do you
do at that point you get as far away
from that base as possible that's that's
the key because you know different
militia groups I mean al-qaeda you know
they're there they're basically a bunch
of different militia groups right you
United and different militia groups
control different neighborhoods you know
some are controlled by a no sir
some are controlled by the FSA some are
controlled by Isis so a lot of it has to
do with luck but I mean once you get
once you walk for like you know good you
know 20 30 minutes the chances of being
found are very slim as long as you know
you don't keep yourself away
so what I give what I speed off the mean
no matter there are there people on the
street at this point is Aleppo war-torn
city where people are barricaded inside
or they're people walking around on the
street where you can blend in on a
normal day people would be walking
around but this is Ramadan Wow
Ramadan you know everything's closed and
they have to fast so most of the most of
the people wake up they eat and then
they go back to sleep because they don't
want to be up all day because you know
you can't eat that's right in drink
water so most of it so it's pretty dead
it's this is just a just after sunrise
and I just basically weaved through the
back roads and you know I stuck if I saw
like an old roadblock from when the
fighting was in that neighborhood I went
down that road so they couldn't find me
because my cell mate knocked on the door
and he knocked on the door he was gonna
tell on me when I started claiming the
escape because he was too scared to go
through with it
and you know I can only imagine how long
it took him to knock on the door later
but he didn't he didn't leave with you
no no he had his own plan and I give it
away he he wouldn't stick to my plan he
had his own plan okay like didn't work
out just like the one at the hospital
and I wasn't gonna let him walk to my
plane again so he started right we're
talking so now you're now you're in
Aleppo you're far enough away where
they're not immediately behind you a
block away what do you do then you got
to link up with the free syrian army
they were at that point they were pretty
much yeah still you know still had
pockets of them that were moderate so
you just have to hope that you hook up
with one that's not too loyal to our
lowest row because the guys you had we
were basically the ones that you have to
say we're relying on them to do all the
heavy lifting so at this point they're
the they're the best bad guys on the
block for your situation the free syrian
army some of them are bad some of them
are good it's just yeah it's just like
though why you got to link up with them
and you know we're not giving away how I
did it because it's pretty it's a pretty
cool story about how I actually found
them without drawing any type of
suspicion from the locals
I meant to link up with them convince
them to take me in and after about a
half hour convincing they took me in and
made me some coffee some tea they
started bumping shaggy really funny
experience you know how I get to the
border and everything no no don't give
that away cuz I want to now jump to the
problems here in the States with the FBI
so this entire time your mom is
stateside she's working a to try to find
you
then some government officials figure
out you're probably in Syria the FBI is
on the case
the FBI notices activity on your
financial accounts because in some other
interviews you've done you said one of
the first things that al-nusra did was
make you give them all your financial
passwords happen basically the first day
you were there right well I'm sorry one
month in the so now they're buying stuff
with your money I lose sure they're
buying stuff they can use for the war
effort you said they were even buying
things like Cologne
his personal items yes reek like the mix
of products they bought with your money
yeah but you're not happy you're not
happy with how the FBI handled your case
but now giving up without giving up too
much from the book because it's so much
there's so much detail there and I and I
and I I want to say I'm not I want the
audience to buy your book because you're
more than deserve it but it's also it's
when you read it it's a much better
story than we could even do on an
interview if we had the whole day how
did the FBI drop the ball basically
after they took all my financial
information they started going into my
accounts and some reason they paid off
my Discover card which is small I was
like a $200 but who paid it off the FBI
are all nutria Nostra I lose for paid
your credit card they paid off my my
Discover card which was brilliant
because the FBI thought that I did
Jornet sure you wouldn't think
terrorists would be paying your bills
yeah yeah so they thought that I joined
al-qaeda because of this and once they
started purchasing all these products
including laptops and tablets and the
FBI is monitoring all of this this has
been proven you know you got to figure
the FBI is not going to just let these
laptops and tablets get delivered
intercepting them giving the IP
addresses and basically you know
creating a situation where they can spy
on these people and know everything that
they're doing because you know what do
you do with laptops and tablets what's
the first thing you do you up
you upload your email address as soon as
they have email address though the FBI
has all their contacts all those
people's contacts all their contacts
same with Skype means you know what I
mean you create this never-ending web of
basically intelligence-gathering that
probably spans from Syria to Pakistan
and during this time you know my mother
is just being jerked around by the State
Department then by the FBI and the FBI
is is letting them steal my money while
pretending they don't know what's going
on to my family and now at the time is
it Muller if your situation begins when
Muller is the director and it continues
through Comey as director right right
right the entire operation took place
under Muller and a couple of months
after I escaped and came home that's
McComb he took over now I would I would
have to man I don't know but I would I
would have to believe you're an American
held captive by Al Qaeda's on this for
faction in Syria in an area that's
controlled by at the time I'll news for
Isis and some other pretty bad actors
you have to think that Muller as
director was personally aware of this
situation this wasn't a bank robbery in
Fresno right he knew about the he knew
about me you got a look at the scale of
this operation you know you're talking
about you know these laptops and tablets
you're talking about the FBI and the CIA
because the FBI couldn't pull this off
without the CIA though it's a
multi-agency operation that takes place
on three continents you know you're
talking about Europe because that's
where Turkey is where a lot of
deliveries were made Syria Middle East
Asia yeah sure and North America because
some of them were delivered in Canada so
I mean this is a huge so I don't want to
go too much because there's a lot in the
book about the FBI let's move over to
Canada because we have a large Canadian
audience one of the most troubling
things and I've retweeted you is that a
player connected to your case someone
who appears to be an associate of your
abductors well there are photos of him
smiling taking selfies with Canadian
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
yeah yeah and there's and there's
documentation of his friend
Henrick feet mailing tablets to himself
and both of these guys I've been told
from reliable sources were in southern
Turkey on the Syrian border at the time
these purchases were made it was made
with Europe with your funds right and
the Canadians were the ones that took my
financial information and so it's um I
don't think that's a coincidence that
they could say the same guys who took my
financial information are I was told are
part of a nine person cell of Canadians
and these two guys are part of that cell
Wow
I mean this is really troubling from the
Canadian perspective right you got
Trudeau paying off the family of a of a
murdering terrorist ten million dollars
and and we've got selfies of him with
guys who are most likely connected to
the cell that abducted an American right
and he doesn't seem to care at all about
about these murderous savage terrorist
no he I mean he does have the authority
to pick up the phone and contact Crown
prosecutor Linda Kerry who's basically
the one in charge of putting these guys
to jail giving the RCMP the green light
to arrest them and she's not doing that
and he's not getting involved and I can
tell everybody definitively in Canada
the RCMP as frustrated as I am with them
for a lot of different reasons that I
won't get into they did their job they
did their job they put together an
ironclad case with a mountain of
evidence to this woman and all she has
to do is snap her fingers and give them
the green light and they want the green
light I went up to Montreal the November
before last and they laid out pretty
much everything they could for me which
was more than enough to show me that
like you know that they've done their
job and they told me this is the biggest
investigation in the RCMP there were 150
people working on it Wow
okay now that my friend that's tens of
millions of dollars of taxpayer Norman
okay you gotta realize Kent Starr
investigating Bill Clinton getting
fellatio that was a 40 million dollar
investigation okay so you can imagine
how
much money is tied up but yet nobody is
letting the RCMP arrest these guys and
and the arson the RCMP has identified
these two guys is connected to the
terror cell part of a loser that
abducted you they've got the case made
but the ground prosecutor and presumably
the Trudeau administration are not
giving them the green light to go ahead
and make the arrest
correct I mean they told me they rated
these guys houses and they actually
confiscated devices bought with my money
oh my god
I gave them all the documentation every
single shred of documentation from every
single purchase I gave to them just in
case you know if you know you never know
they can have a pair of boots or cologne
in there sure they they played a tape
recording of one of them admitting that
he did it in a wiretap conversation
where he says yeah in French it's like
yes that's right that was me and they
still haven't arrested him no no ask you
why god I'm sorry
though they've never even questioned
they're unreal why do you think the the
Canadian government and let's call it
what it is the Obama administration
swept your story under the rug I mean we
didn't know America and I'm presuming
Canada had never heard the name Matthew
Schreyer before Fox News took your story
public now you're on the show you're out
there you wrote your book but this one
went down six of five and six years ago
we've never heard your name why do you
think they'd be Trudeau administration
today the Obama administration why do
you think they buried this case right
but what I'm saying is it wasn't this
should have been Global News right and
it wasn't because look as soon as the
FBI knows that I know about the laptops
for years years going back to December
I've been demanding an investigation
into the FBI's tactics not
no not the terrorists I mean they have
two Canadians in custody the FBI for
four years
I and you know what they can rot in jail
I'd okay I've been demanding this but
they ignored it and they do and know
that if maybe you've moved forward with
the case that's going to give me the
spotlight so I believe to basically blow
the lid off of what they did to me and
using me by using me as bait so I
believe that though
Linda Carey they're basically just
puppets being controlled by the FBI or
the State Department whoever it is over
here who's their handler and they're
doing what they're told
which is really disturbing for Canadians
because you think the FBI was letting
you sit there I think you're something
rotten these these these horrid
conditions because the actionable
intelligence they were gleaning off the
devices purchased with your money
outweighed the intelligence value of
that outweighed sending in a team to
rescue you or helping get you released
right I mean just or just keeping me
safe you know you know the FBI agents
she calls it Lindsay pierogi she calls
herself the serious specialist she yeah
there was an article online like I
mentioned that I'm saying I'm Jewish she
spoke to the guy that wrote that read an
email that I wrote to him asking him to
take that reference down for my safety
and she never even asked him to do that
Wow
so the FBI intentionally left a Jewish
comment which they knew would get me
killed
now steven sotloff who is the second guy
that got his head cut off after James
Foley absolutely sure he was Jewish his
friends had over 4,000 references to his
religion taken offline four thousand
this FBI agent had one about good and
she didn't do it she chose consciously
to leave it up and if she did and they
found it guess what this conversation
wouldn't be only happening wouldn't be
happening Matt right this is I could
talk to you about this all day this is
one of the most I said at the beginning
of the interview might be the most
fascinating interview I've ever done
we've I thought I was gonna talk to you
for twenty minutes we've gone almost an
hour it is it is an absolutely
fascinating story there's so much more
to it I really recommend everybody by
the book the dawn prayer or how to
survive in a secret Syrian terrorists
by matthew fryer man i want to have you
back on because i really want to go deep
into the FBI and RCMP part of a story
thanks so much for being here this is
this is absolutely mind-blowing and one
of the most interesting stories I've
ever heard
thanks John I really appreciate the time
you got it anytime I guess when you were
as captivated as riveted and is troubled
by Matt trier story as I was and I want
to keep bringing you interviews like
that every single day I want to find you
these great guests I want to tell you
these really important stories but
please help me do it by subscribing to
our premium service at WWWE Ford / chose
