lunacy absolute lunacy or the political
far left sometimes needs a translator to
really understand for example a call has
been sent out that we need a disney
princess who is trans who is an
undocumented immigrant and first and
foremost we need a Disney princess who
has had an abortion
who rang this call the head of a Planned
Parenthood sometimes they just write
themselves I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood Planned Parenthood Keystone's
sent out this call for action and now
deleted tweet but I didn't stop outlets
like Jezebel from defending this line of
thinking and then said quote
statistically around two and a half of
these strong women have gotten abortions
and aren't telling you about it because
of a national culture of shame and
misogyny unquote however the lesser
important issues have been brought up to
disney including being contacted by
body-positive activists saying that
disney definitely needs a fat princess
now I can barely choose where to start
but I'm gonna give you a few examples of
why people on the Left believe this and
well why they're wrong one
how many of you ran around your house
with a red cape trying to look for
someone to save or gathered your friends
together to travel through a middle ER
to unite under one common goal or how
many girls pretended to rule gracefully
over their house with honor and
integrity not only for their Kingdom but
also for themselves because they knew
that a prince is not everyman and we did
this even though we're not an alien
we're not a dwarf or an elf and you're
not actually a princess over a kingdom
and we still aspire to be like them
because we didn't see color race or
gender or whatever we saw our heroes you
know who does see these categories
leftist hippy miserable parents who
project on their children now number two
the Left believes that all actions
should be affirmed this is steeped in
the leftist belief that empathy is more
important than individual responsibility
now here's why this is insane and
potentially very dangerous princes
movies are for little girls imagining
that the world is this beautiful magical
Kingdom and then how they should orient
themselves in it glamourizing and
mystifying actions and lifestyles that
are detrimental is incredibly dangerous
for young children basically this would
it is I've had or I believe an abortion
affirm me I'm overweight I'm trans I'm
whatever just affirm
guess what these movies are not for you
and you may act like a child but I
guarantee that your little girl who's
watching these movies isn't also
thinking about roe v-- wade if the
princess is exercising properly or the
revocation of sexual surgeries if you're
dealing with an adult issue there are
adult places to go to to be affirmed and
talk about it and three this is just
endless this will never end on the left
we need a trans princess
we need a princess who is allergic to
peanuts and then we need a princess who
also voted for Harambee in the election
I mean seriously just stop these princes
were not great because of the color of
their skin their sexual orientation or
if they had an abortion grew up loving
these fantasies because of their
character we aspired to be like them
even though we knew we could never
actually leap a tall building these were
fantasies these were goals that we could
shoot for and by injecting your own
backwater politics into these stories
you're telling children the best they
can shoot for are your own struggles and
heartaches I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood if you haven't done it already
you can now download the rebel media app
that way you have access to the entire
rebel lineup and can take it with you
wherever you go
you
