it's astounding that young people these
days have so little motivation and yet
they think so highly of themselves an
MTV Poll uncovered some alarming
statistics about 20-somethings and I am
going to tell you all about it today on
the Hollywood conservative for the rebel
Millennials it's almost depressing to
admit that I am one it is actually very
depressing yeah
not actually like it is I spend a lot of
time bashing young people which seems
hypocritical but it's because I truly
hope that I don't fit into that
stereotypical millennial attitude I'm
barely on the cusp of the Millennial
margin but I live on my own I work three
jobs I pay my own bills and in general I
just rely on myself of course for
matters not pertaining to money I rely a
lot on other people for emotional
support and things like that but young
people I'm sorry you guys truly suck
they go to school for degrees like East
African art and lesbian studies they
spend practically all of their time on
their phone and fifty percent of
Millennials consider themselves content
creators aka not job creators aka not
job fillers aka hashtag that bum life yo
54% of their purchases are online so
mom-and-pop stores you can thank young
people for your store closing because
they simply don't appreciate the value
of walking into a bookstore and buying a
book because first of all they don't
even know what books are but if they did
they would buy it on Amazon which
admittedly I do buy from Amazon but I
also try really hard to shop at
mom-and-pop stores when possible so we
already know that Millennials are
entitled they're shallow they're selfish
they're lazy but generation behind them
oh boy get ready MTV ran a poll which
ironically is probably more accurate
than all of the polls leading up to the
2016 election but MTV ran a poll and
found that 79 percent of young people
believe that their financial future will
be better or as good as their parents
yes the generation who like their
millennial predecessors are getting live
Arts degrees in useless subjects and
that's if they even go to college at all
many young people don't view a college
degree as an asset or even a necessity
and a degree in plumbing or welding or
something like that forget it they are
way too good for something like that
skills to become someone who we actually
need in this world oh no no one needs a
handyman but content creators you've got
to make sure people know that that
necklace you bought on Etsy is going to
be so killer with that shade of jade
nail polish
bought last week that is imperative data
yeah but somehow they think that they
are going to be better off than their
Generation X parents now remember
Generation Xers they are the products of
baby boomers baby boomers who are the
product of the greatest generation the
generation who fought World Wars the
generation who built businesses and
worked hard in life but you follow that
line of lineage all the way to present
day 2018 and these little idiots have
received so many participation trophies
over the course of their life that not
only do they think that they will be
better off than their parents 40% of
them believe that they should be
promoted every two years regardless of
performance I'm not kidding that is from
Time magazine they also found that young
people these days for 60% of them their
guiding morality in a situation is that
they'll just be able to feel what's
right this is the danger of this whole
holistic voodoo witch doctor a yoga
pilates studio soy diet mentality do
what you feel is good you do you do
what's good for you because if it
doesn't feel good you shouldn't do it
you know what doesn't feel good waking
up early in the morning to study for
finals or to go to a job you know what
else doesn't feel good paying bills and
getting that check engine light taking
care of to the tune of $400 you know it
does feel good getting a paycheck
getting a promotion when you deserve it
hell even paying bills kind of feels
good when it's your own money that you
have earned it definitely feels better
than sleeping on a sticky air mattress
in your parents basement waxing politics
on Twitter quoting Vox and Daily Beast
so we can knock down these young people
and chastise them for their lack of
motivation and gumption but guess what
parents this poll found that 60% of
their parents think that their children
will do better than they did that's
astounding to me considering 90% of the
people I know who are in their 20s are
complete losers who have literally
nothing going for them sorry to be harsh
but again that's what happens when you
are raised to believe that you are
perfect just the way you are and you
don't need to work for or towards
anything so I don't know what's worse
these lazy kids or
they're mushy helicopter parents but to
end this on a positive note I found very
uplifting that 78% of Millennials would
choose to spend money on a desirable
experience over buying something that is
desirable I'm pretty sure that their
motive is all about getting that perfect
selfie but nevertheless I do agree that
experiences and relationships are what
make life worth living not material
possessions so at least I got that right
thanks for watching everybody I'm Amanda
head the Hollywood conservative for the
rebels if you enjoyed my commentary and
want to hear more from all of us here at
the rebel subscribe to our premium
content at www.affordablecomm.com
