we've all seen the results of creative
or more accurately deceptive editing
remember that katie couric roundtable
discussion in her gun documentary to
refresh your memory or if you didn't
hear about this Katie Couric hosted a
group of gun advocates to film them
about their opinions surrounding the gun
debate and this was back in 2016 when
the documentary was released you could
see that she was asking them questions
that many liberals ask when they are
ignorant to gun issues which is most of
the time questions easily answerable by
most to a folks because we're
responsible and tend to know our
statistics and facts surrounding guns
quite well but after she asks the
question the camera pans to the faces of
those expected to answer but they just
stare blankly seemingly perplexed by her
question like if someone asked me about
the benefits of yoga and vegetarian
lifestyle yeah I would have no hamster
for that but these knowledgeable
individuals were outraged when the
documentary was released because they
had in fact answered her questions both
thoroughly and convincingly but the
clips of the blank faces were drawn from
instances where they were simply
listening to Katie Couric talk James
O'Keefe obtained copies of the audio
where the guests did answer and release
them via his website Project Veritas we
also see instances to a less malevolent
degree in reality television they use
the same type editing where they get B
and C role of facial reactions and they
just use them however they want in an
effort to drive the plot that will keep
viewers interested that doesn't really
bother me but Katie Couric's gun
documentary does I don't use or support
deceptive editing ever but today's story
with rapper killer Mike is not that
there was no selective or deceptive
editing what he said in an NR a TV
interview was depicted exactly the way
killer Mike intended but km's beef is
with the timing in the interview he
talks about the dangers of liberals
gonna gender with respect to gun control
and that aggressive gun laws will
progress black Americans into slavery he
also said that he warned his own
children against participating in the
school walkout on March 14th for gun
control and that he told
them I love you but if you walk out that
school walk out my house sounds like
some solid tough love and a rejection of
the propagandist motives driving the
recent displays against our Second
Amendment right wrong when NRA TV
released the interview killer Mike said
that the interview was used a week later
by NRA TV to disparage very noble
campaign that I actually support so
which is it bro you got backlash and now
you are saying you do support the
movement but you told your kids you
would tan their hide if they
participated you didn't actually say
that he would tan their hide I just
imagined what my parents would have said
to me at that age if I had gotten some
cockamamie idea about skipping school
for gun control he goes on to apologize
and grovel and says I want to say first
I'm sorry guys I'm sorry that an
interview I did about a minorities black
people in this country and gun rights
was used as a weapon against you guys
used as a weapon against them they are
the ones being used they are being used
as props and weapons binding to strip
Americans of our Second Amendment
freedoms I'm done I can't even handle it
you you are a big old badass rapper
shouldn't you have more of a spine than
this killer Mike oh wait we revoked your
Alpha card after you voted for Bernie
Sanders
never mind thanks so much for watching
everybody I'm Amanda head for the rebel
if you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from us here at the rebels
subscribe to our premium content at
www.affordablecomm.com
