you spent a lot of time on this program
talking about the issue of poverty and
homelessness in Southern California LA
specifically the LA Times reports that
the LA homeless problem has surged
homelessness in Los Angeles has surged
75 percent in just six years what is
causing this crisis what is it really
like we talk about it but I don't think
we've lived it the person who has is
Katie Hopkins from rebel media she's
also the author of a new book rude pick
it up wherever books are sold and Katie
you just spent some time on Skid Row in
Los Angeles welcome in first to the
morning answer thanks for being with us
thank you very much for having me up so
now you are obviously we love the accent
and you are obviously not from
California not from Los Angeles you're
from across the pond what made you think
about Los Angeles in this poverty
situation what drew you into this into
this issue yeah well I'm in America
quite a lot and the last time I was in
LA in fact you know I drove past Skid
Row someone pointed it out to me when oh
well that's good well you did want to go
there and when I was in town in downtown
I picked up a map from a hotel and they
had even placed like a sticker over the
whole area which is only two blocks away
the whole area of Skid Row as if that
would kind of magically make the problem
go away like you and if we don't talk
about it
or if we hide it away under a sticker
like a plaster no one will worry about
it so I decided look I know what I'll
just go there no agenda just film being
in Skid Row see what life's like live
there for two days two nights and just
see what life is like in Skid Row in the
heart of downtown LA and I can tell you
it was much worse than I anticipated in
is a sea of human filth and rats and
sewage and of lost population it is it
is truly dreadful and just to clarify so
you actually stayed there for two nights
yes so I stayed there and the footage we
have is of me kind of walking around
like some strange woman with no peppers
at about 2:00 in the morning and that's
where you see of course the worst
but also the truth of it and I think
sometimes maybe many of us are guilty of
spending a little bit too much time in
studios or you know we see commentators
on CNN who just regurgitate the same
sort of sound bites I think it would be
good in some of these so-called
journalists actually did go out and take
a look at what we're surrounded by and
what we're surrounded by in the heart of
downtown is very much like London in the
1600s just before the outbreak of the
bubonic plague the rats are really
everywhere in downtown right now now you
spend a lot of time going around the
world going into areas that the
traditional media doesn't so you have a
perspective that a lot of people don't
have you've been to South Africa you
were at the David Horowitz Freedom
Center on Tuesday discussing what you
found in South Africa but in your
travels around we kind of think of
America as you know sort of a cut above
where where the the the the city is a
shining city on the hill how did what
you witnessed in Skid Row compared to
what you've seen in other countries
particularly third world countries
President Trump had a different term
right many of those countries and the UK
I have to tell you are pretty much near
third world but I've lived in in migrant
camps you know I traveled with the
migrants from Libya across the Med to
southern Italy to see what that journey
was like people being trafficked here
essentially and I have to say having
lived in the camp at Calais as well the
conditions on Skid Row in downtown LA in
what are we in March 2018 are worse well
anything I've seen in the migrant camps
because in the micro crafts of course
these people are on the move
still they are looking to go somewhere
else most of them looking to get to the
UK which they see is the Promised Land
and so there's a sense of movement a
sense of anticipation almost a sense of
hope in terms of their desperation to
get to the UK on Skid Row that's the
opposite people are not going anywhere
they're not hopeful for anything
they are lost people and the Democrats
seem to think that if you issue tears
and sympathy a little bit of cash here
and there and put a few missions up that
kind of makes the problem okay and it
really doesn't and my my message I
suppose to Democrats or people who are
looking away or prefer to talk of
dreamer so sanctuary cities is hey why
don't you go to you know fourth and
fifth why don't you go hang on Skid Row
because those tents aren't staying there
and those rats they're not staying there
either pretty soon one morning you're
going to wake up because numbers are
ballooning you're going to wake up and
those tents will be outside your door
and then maybe you really will start to
care and I do think there is a public
health hazard right now in the center of
downtown just waiting to happen it can
only be so long before there is an
outbreak of something properly nasty in
downtown LA it is so frightening we're
visiting with Katie Hopkins she's from
rebel media she also has a new book out
called route it's available wherever
books are sold
and you can follow her on twitter @ at
sign Katie Hopkins great Twitter stream
from Katie of things she learns around
the world I'm a new follower but Katie
you know when we talk about the homeless
problem it expanded we have obviously
it's very concentrated in downtown LA
where you just spent two nights but the
homeless problem has exploded all over
Southern California and I live in an
area of the San Fernando Valley where
the homeless population is huge and I've
said on this program that I think a lot
of these people the people that really
truly need help are finding programs
through churches or through government
assistance they're getting help but the
people who are out there on the streets
are either mentally ill or they have
such severe drug addictions they don't
want to abide by the rules did you find
that to be true or or who is out there
no I think you're absolutely correct and
I think your observations are perfectly
true those that are able to manage a
service or a series of gateways to
improve their life do because the
mission scoop them up there's programs
there's a lamp project there's all these
different people working and just really
hard to try to give people hope on Skid
Row and I admire all of them very much
but there remains a constant population
let's take the Skid Row example of
around 2000
people who are in my personal opinion
beyond help
nearly they have mental illness clearly
they have drug problems and a
combination of the two and out of
respect for their inability to help
themselves it is no longer appropriate
to offer help that they have to access
we need an intervention and that's a
military-style operation where we help
assist physically these individuals into
managed spaces homes that they can be
managed in with their mental health
issues and then a clearing program in
order to try to make the streets safe
again in terms of them you know I fell
over a few times because those streets
are so sleepy because there's so much
waste my gosh and and you know that's
the sort of level I'm and we need to
clear that up so it's not about clearing
people away it's not about any
aggressive kind of approach it's about
saying okay here we are and we're going
to move these people into a position
where they can be cared for
appropriately because leaving them and
abandoning them to their own fate on the
streets clearly isn't working there are
there's there's in our country we turn
our back on this mental health issue
because it affects us in a variety of
ways we just saw it in parkland a mental
health issue that should have been
addressed years ago took 17 lives and
here you're talking about a mental
health issue on the streets of LA we
what is it about that issue that you
know we shy away from addressing because
you know when it was changed in the
medical handbook the diagnosis for
mental illnesses it became so catch-all
that everybody has a mental illness you
know we've seen an uptick in mental
health issues and sort of four hundred
and fifty percent five hundred percent
in the UK because what America does the
UK follows and I think many people
actually are guilty of diluting the
issue of mental illness so clearly we
have people with severe mental illnesses
and they need help but because now
everyone it seems to me every
sixteen-year-old I've heard of has got
mental health problems we've got you to
the problem I think to a point where
people who really need help we can't
target them effectively it seems to me
that many young people these days when
they're feeling a bit sad or life's a
bit hard or there's just some genuine
human issue that we have to deal with
like death and sadness it becomes called
you know mental health issues we've
diluted it as a result all right Katie
Hopkins this is so interesting we'd love
to have you back again Katie Hopkins on
Twitter at Katie Hopkins you can also go
to Hopkins WorldCom pick up the new book
rude it's available on Amazon Barnes
Noble wherever you buy books Katie
Hopkins thank you so much for that
insight so so helpful
you
