over the year since I've been old enough
to watch the hilarious cartoon series
South Park I've enjoyed the fact that
the writers very much like me are
equal-opportunity bashers they take on
public figures celebrities movements
groups doesn't matter racial religious
economic they take them all on with
reckless abandon and they never make any
apologies for any offense taken
they've taken on molestation Saddam
Hussein Barack Obama stem cell research
heaven and hell Barbra Streisand
Jennifer Lopez's big butt John Edwards
social justice warriors Jared Fogle
Michael Jackson's sex change and many
many other controversial topics and
figures and I appreciate that in humor -
the few eye rolling moments here and
there peppered throughout his routines I
find Kevin Hart to be a very funny dude
I'm also a big fan of Ali Wong and the
ever irreverent louis c.k I despise
political and cultural correctness not
only because it's adjacent to and one
very small step away from eradicating
free speech but also because it's nearly
impossible to be funny while being
politically correct human beings we're
funny creatures we do strange things we
have weird qualities and often bizarre
behavior and I find humor relating to
those things to be the one thing that
can bring the masses together with a
healthy dose of equally distributed hurt
feelings when comedians make fun of
things that white people do I'm fine
with that I'm a big girl and with my job
and the considerable amount of
opprobrium and censure I receive a
little joke here and there at my expense
is completely palatable in an effort to
obtain the greater good of making the
world a funnier more lighthearted place
to live so when South Park did an
episode about Donald Trump I was fine
with that when they did an episode about
Hillary Clinton that was even better and
it's important to note that oftentimes
when a person or organization or in this
case a cult is the subject of a South
Park episode it often becomes the focal
point of future conversations in the
case of their episode on Scientology
prior to its airing not many people knew
what or cared what Scientology was but
after the South Park episode on it
mocked many of the bizarre aspects of it
people started talking about it and
today after years and year
years of abuse of its members and
ongoing investigations president Trump
is considering revoking their tax-exempt
status which will hopefully hamper them
and effectively halt their existence I'm
probably going to have some strange men
busting through my door tonight in the
name of Xenu so if I don't put out a
video tomorrow call the cops also prior
to South Park no one knew what NAMBLA
was if you missed that episode and still
don't know look it up it's pretty
disturbing but the point is funny is
funny no matter who the deliver or the
recipient is if you're offended over
something said or portrayed in South
Park don't worry they'll be moving on to
someone else oon it's like the quote
that I think is most often attributed to
Mark Twain if you don't like the weather
wait a minute
South Park has done an impeccable job of
satirizing equally as I said I've
appreciated that about the show and I've
always had a hunch that the creator's
Trey Parker and Matt Stone might not be
liberals like most comedians here in
Hollywood now why would I think that
would I have such a crazy notion because
most liberal comedians have a very very
hard time criticizing their own the fact
that Trey Parker and Matt Stone do so
with such gliding ease is a pretty good
indicator of where their political
beliefs lie and now we unequivocally
know larry elder who is one of my
favorite politico's from the right right
here in LA he's known as the sage of
South Central he tweeted on Friday Trey
Parker and Matt Stone of at South Park
asked me to introduce them when they
received a Freedom Award from the Norman
Lear's organization after they
graciously accepted they said we are
Republicans
nervous laughter they repeated no
seriously we're Republicans my gosh to
see the reaction of the people in that
room
and though he started a First Amendment
advocacy group called people for the
American Way
Norman Lear is highly progressive but
hey Norman you're all about free speech
so it's all good that they're
Republicans right you're not gonna shut
them down or revoke their award right
right kind of put you in a corner there
huh good that's where all you lefty
progressive political activists hip
along facing your own hypocrisy and
staring in the mirror seeing your own
double standards of hate against the
right get comfortable because the hit
sitcom Roseanne aired their first reboot
episode and Roseanne plays a trump
supporter on her show so prepare for
your questionable and vacillating
support of free speech to be tested
we'll be watching for your reaction
thanks so much for watching I'm Amanda
head the Hollywood conservative for the
rebel if you enjoyed my commentary and
want to hear more from all of us here at
the rebels subscribe to our premium
content at www.fortuigence.com Amanda
head for the rebel
