the fake news industrial complex is
simply out of control it doesn't matter
where you live whether you live in
America Canada Western Europe or
anywhere around the world modern media
has become a travesty in many cases a
parody of itself let's just look at the
last fourteen months here in the United
States day after day after day we have a
news media that focuses on things that
the average American really couldn't
care less about instead of talking about
jobs created the destruction of Isis is
physical Caliphate the fact that we may
have for the first time in 65 years
peace on the Korean Peninsula and not
simply a ceasefire or an armistice
instead day in and day out we are
treated to not just sensationalism such
as the endless coverage of stormy
Daniels and her non-disclosure agreement
but also simple fabrications how many
times have we heard that this cabinet
member or that cabinet member is just
about to be fired or how many times have
we read a story that according to
unnamed sources only to find out that
it's utterly completely fallacious not
about small things either look at
perhaps one of the clearest examples CNN
reporting for days that the former
director of the FBI in testifying before
Congress he would counter and refute
what Donald Trump has said he said to
him
CNN played that story again and again
and again and when Comey came to testify
he did nothing of the sort
in fact he strengthened and can
firmed that which the president had said
he had told him now very quietly three
individuals at CNN were fired as a
result of that coverage but was there a
mayor culpa let alone an apology of
course not
because that's not what the media is
about it no longer is about the truth
it's not about informing the public it's
about an agenda look at the attacks that
we see just in the last few hours we
have Stephanie ruhle one of the main
news reporters one of the most you would
think prestigious channels in the United
States
attacking lambasted making fun of the
president's new troy's for economic
advisor Larry Kudlow simply because he
used the phrase if that's the will of
God Larry Kudlow is a believer and guess
what Stephanie ruhle the majority of
Americans are even left-wing polls will
tell you that upward of 70 to 80 percent
of Americans believe in God now you
might not but you live in a bubble you
wish to deride others who disagree with
you but that's an ideological stance
that's not a journalistic stance it is
egregious as Hillary Clinton's comments
in India just a few days ago where we
where she literally blamed her failure
as a candidate on the fact that white
women vote the way their white husbands
tell them to it wasn't enough for her to
call half of America deplorable
she's now labeled 30 million Americans
who happen to be women
some kind of Handmaid's Tale remnant of
a bygone age that's just an insult
Hillary but I'm sure it goes down well
with your friends in the main stream
media
at the end of the day it's a sad sad
thing that we perceive the media is a
shadow of its former self
it has a political agenda and is a
purveyor of propaganda Russia Russia
Russia but no proof of any collusion at
the same time that we see the DNC and
Hillary involved in one of the biggest
scandals in American history with
Russian propaganda material being used
to obtain an illegal warrant to surveil
American citizens during an election
campaign for the highest office of the
land that's the reality so I have one
suggestion or one request to you be part
of the solution push back I don't care
if you're not a millennial get on social
media get on Twitter get on Facebook and
push back on the fake news that's what I
do every day and that's why rebel media
exists be a part of the solution don't
be quiet any longer thank you for
watching the Gawker briefing if you
liked this video please check out the
rebel media youtube channel follow me on
twitter at said Gawker that's Seb g o RK
a and share these videos on Facebook and
Twitter because with your help we can
push back on the fake news industrial
complex and finally get the truth out
god bless
