Western Canadian pipelines are doomed
today I'll explain to you my three big
reasons why the northern gateway
pipeline to the coast of BC is dead
murdered actually the energy East
pipeline from Edmonton to the East Coast
is dead - strangled by regulation Kinder
Morgan pipeline is on life-support right
now the only Canadian export pipeline
with the remotest chance of surviving to
completion is the Keystone XL pipeline
and that will be thanks in no small part
to the push from the American
administration to repeal onerous
regulation and get energy projects built
but why why is it this way Canada has
the third largest oil reserves in the
world just behind Saudi Arabia and
Venezuela we've got a highly trained
oilfield workforce and extensive safety
and environmental standards so why is it
the Canada should be poised to become an
energy superpower but instead we can't
even get our products to market it's
embarrassing
I've got three whopping reasons why the
first reason has only made itself clear
in the last couple of weeks and that was
only due to an Access to Information
request done by the Canadian Taxpayers
Federation Western Canadian oil faces
impossible regulations that we know now
no other oil has to overcome an
announcement by the federal government
put upstream and downstream greenhouse
gas emissions considerations on any new
energy projects what that meant was a
pipeline company would then be
responsible for the greenhouse gas
emissions emitted by the end user like
some guy filling up his car and driving
around and now those had to be
considered by the federal government
before a pipeline could see approval no
other industry is responsible for the
end user of the natural resource imagine
making corn farmers responsible for the
diabetes caused by overconsumption of
high fructose corn syrup because
somebody chose to drink a little too
much pop
the new regulations were of course
designed to make a pipeline fail and it
did energy East was canceled right after
these changes to the regulatory system
were announced the CTF asked the federal
government if they had any documents
related to the same regulations being
applied to foreign oil and guess what
those documents don't exist Saudi oil
Algerian oil Venezuelan oil they all get
better treatment from Canada's own
government than oil from Fort McMurray
or Lloydminster Saskatchewan or cold
Lake Alberta but that's not even where
the favoritism towards any energy but
Alberta's stops now let's come to light
that Quebec gas projects are escaping
the new federal guidelines for upstream
and downstream oil and gas emissions the
first project is an aviation fuel
terminal in Montreal and the other
project is a liquefied natural gas port
and saguenay Quebec when reporter Brian
Lilly asked the federal government why
these two projects got a pass from the
government's new emissions test the
government said the new rules only apply
to projects initiated after the interim
rules were first set out in January 2016
well that lame excuse doesn't really
hold any water because energy East was
first proposed to the National Energy
Board in 2013 trans Canada's main line
was proposed in 2014 and Kinder Morgan's
trans mountain pipeline expansion first
file their facilities application in
December 2013 but all of these projects
were subject to the new federal
government rules that Quebec projects on
the other hand are not they're getting a
free ride the second reason Canadian
pipelines are doomed is that as
Canadians we seem to be entertaining
foreign-funded
foreign infiltrated protests as
legitimate Canadian opinion on pipeline
projects in this article
halfway through in the Seattle Times the
truth comes out the article says
Washington tribes state agencies and
conservation groups have fought the
pipeline at every stage because its
completion would bring a sevenfold
increase in the number of oil tankers
Trout
pulling through the home waters of
killer whales let me just restate that
because it goes by fast but it's very
important state agencies as in the
government of Washington is fighting a
Canadian pipeline Kinder Morgan that is
in the best interests of all of Canada
these groups are calling Kinder Morgan
another standing Rock of course
referring to the Dakota access pipeline
protests and I hope to god it all ends
the same way with the protestors going
home in bitter defeat none of these
groups are protesting oil tankers that
are coming down from Alaska through the
very same killer whale territory they're
only exclusively targeting Canadian oil
from their perches in the United States
because it is not about killer whales
although they make for an interesting
excuse and it's definitely not about the
environment it's about blocking Canadian
oil and gas from getting to
international markets the opposition to
Canadian pipelines is fake and fringe
and all levels of Canadian government
are treating it as legitimate and valid
and the third reason Canadian pipelines
are doomed at least as long as Trudeau
and Rachel Notley are in charge is that
social license is not nor has it ever
been a real thing just like the
astroturf pipeline opposition social
license isn't real social social license
basically means conceding your moral and
financial high ground to your enemy in
order to have them Greg you permission
to do something they don't really have
the authority to grant you permission to
do in the first place premier Rachel
Notley and Justin Trudeau both have been
trying to sell Canadians on a carbon tax
by saying that it would prompt anti oil
activists and communities to grant
permission to build a pipeline now the
premise is flawed and false from the
very beginning first off there is no
satiating the anti oil left so we
shouldn't even be bothering to try and
secondly that's not how a grown up
country works we have rules
and processes in place to grant
regulatory approval to a pipeline and
appeasing Greenpeace is just not part of
that process
and besides it's clearly not working
Alberta has a carbon tax we've had a
price on industrial emissions for years
Alberta is currently unwisely phasing
out coal-fired electricity Rachel Notley
even appointed lifelong anti-acne vast
support berman and her friend Karen
Mahone to the oil sands advisory group
after a lifetime of saying crazy stuff
like this here we need to keep the
majority of the carbon that we have left
the majority of the oil the majority of
the coal in the ground not only was
trying to appease the anti oil left by
giving them power and legitimacy to try
to get them to grant us social license
or so that's what Notley told us her
reasons were and what kind of social
license are we getting from the anti oil
activists in British Columbia massive
anti-oil pipeline protests massive
violent civil disobedience that has
resulted in several cops being injured
and dozens of people being arrested
including Rachel Notley former oil sands
Advisory Group appointee Karen Mahone
and as for Berman well she's now leading
the pipeline opposition in British
Columbia some social license we got
there
now I listed you three reasons but
really it's not three reasons is it it's
all stemming from one encompassing
reason the left both here in Canada and
abroad are explicitly anti oil in Canada
if you're anti-oil that also means being
anti Western Canada because well to be
honest we make the oil which means the
left even the left that lives out here
in the West they are pretty self-hating
which means if we ever want to see an
energy pipeline done and done fast and
done in a way that makes economic sense
for everybody including the pipeline
company that employs thousands of people
we got to ditch our left-wing
governments for the rebel dot media I'm
Shiela gunnery
if you want to see some of the other
crazy things that Rachel not least
favorite anti-oil activist sapore Berman
has said in the past go to fire berman
dot CA
you
