you probably haven't heard because it's
only been reported in local media here
as far as I could find it it might have
gone a little more viral since well
another Broward County deputy was asleep
behind the wheel at Stoneman Douglas
High School in parkland literally
literally deputy this from 7 News Miami
deputy moyses karate was on duty Monday
just a couple of days ago just after
5:00 p.m. he was on duty at Stoneman
Douglas High School the scene of the
massacre when a student told a BSO
sergeant that karate appeared to be
asleep in his patrol car while he was
supposed to be monitoring the perimeter
of the 12-hundred building the 1200
building of course being the location of
the Valentine's Day Massacre that killed
17 innocents inside Stoneman Douglas
what in the world is going on at the
Broward County Sheriff's Office under
sheriff Scott Israel how in the world do
you put a deputy who's so unmotivated
who spits in the face of professionalism
who spits on the memorial leaf is
literally the memorial for the murdered
victims I was at the memorial I've been
on the campus since the shooting where
his vehicle was parked is within eyeshot
was a few steps away from where the
memorial for the murdered victims begins
if his car was parked near the fence he
could literally reach out the window and
touch the flowers and cards on the gate
how do you go to sleep with that visual
in front of you outside your patrol car
window
how are you not on the most heightened
alert for copycats because also this
week three students at Stoneman Douglas
were arrested they were arrested for
bringing weapons onto the campus
Nicholas Cruz's brother was also
arrested
Nicholas Cruz's brother it appears might
have been planning another attack
he you know why he was arrested he was
arrested because he trespassed on to
Stoneman Douglas property he's being
held on half a million dollar bond and I
spoke to people down here in law
enforcement they feel he might have been
planning a second attack and the shooter
the the school resource deputy was
sleeping now he might not even minutes
school resource deputy he might have
been a deputy they brought in to
supplement security the guy test with
guarding the building where the massacre
went down was sleeping in his patrol car
if you like this great content this is
really important stuff we talk about
every day I mean this is a lot of this
stuff is life and death stuff I want to
bring it to you every single day so help
me do that by subscribing to our premium
service at www
shows
