hey remember Prime Minister Justin
Trudeau's shameful explanation as to why
Canadian military veterans are getting
the shaft when it comes to their pension
benefits why are we still fighting
against certain veterans groups in court
because they are asking for more than we
are able to give right now they are
asking for more than what well no hang
on you asked
you're asking for honest answers yeah
Ottawa's cupboard is bare when it comes
to pensions for Patriots but apparently
there's millions of dollars available
for Palestinians
last week International Development
Minister marie-claude Bebo announced
that the federal government will provide
ten million dollars in so-called
emergency funding to the United Nations
Relief and Works Agency that money is
earmarked for Palestinian militants ri
sorry I mean refugees who yet again
supposedly faced yet another dire
humanitarian situation well at least
according to Minister Bebo who noted in
a statement that Canadian tax dollars
will help meet the needs of the poorest
and most vulnerable Palestinian refugees
in the West Bank and Gaza what's wrong
with this picture well several things
actually first and foremost one must
wonder if Palestinian politicians didn't
habitually embezzle billions of dollars
then maybe those Palestinians and during
the latest humanitarian crisis wouldn't
be going to bed hungry
but then again constructing terror
tunnels and sourcing rockets to lob into
Israel doesn't come cheap it's all about
getting one's priorities straight after
all and so it is that the Palestinian
head honchos who excel at nothing except
for the fine art of public relations are
yet again turning on the waterworks as
they clamor for more lunch money to help
those forever besieged people they
allegedly represent as for the
organization the Liberals are sending
money to namely the United Nations
Relief and Works Agency
well me things one would get a better
return on investment by placing stacks
of hundred-dollar bills in a blender and
pressing the puree button after all this
is the same odious agency that last
September distributed books to
Palestinians that gleefully demonized
Israel and Jews for example the
textbooks claimed Jews have no rights
whatsoever in Palestine but only quote
greedy ambitions end quote the books
also state that Jews have no holy places
in this region either indeed the Western
Wall
in Jerusalem the Cave of the patriarchs
in hebron and rachel's tomb in bethlehem
are all presented as Muslim holy sites
that are actually threatened by Jews and
no folks those books are not found in
the humor section of the library those
vile text books are not a one-off either
rather it's part of a trend when it
comes to the UN rwa for example in
February 2017 it was revealed that there
were 40 alarming new cases of UN rwa
school teachers in Gaza Lebanon Jordan
and Syria who were inciting jihadist
terrorism and anti-semitism via their
Facebook pages material included videos
that denied the Holocaust and
photographs that celebrated Adolf Hitler
now does the United Nations Relief and
Works Agency sound like the kind of
humanitarian agency you'd want to prop
up with your hard-earned tax dollars
indeed is little wonder that President
Donald Trump in January decided to
abruptly freeze US aid to Palestinian
causes this led to a four hundred and
forty six million dollar shortfall at
the UN WRA
which is now scrambling to bolster its
bank account but luckily for this agency
they found a new sucker in Canada when
it comes to at least sourcing a partial
bailout then again it's hardly
surprising that the Trudeau Liberals
make for such an easy mark
after all Justin just loves Islamic
causes that he can toss money at whether
it's handing out ten million dollar
checks to convicted terrorists or
welcoming back Isis fighters to Canada
so that they can attend poetry classes
yeah hey Ahmed what rhymes with hickory
dickory dock in any event Justin's
mantra would seem to be if it's Islamic
it's good and if it's good its Islamic
as for the military vets who have put
their lives on the line in defense of
our great Dominion Justin would
apparently like to see those old
soldiers fade away hopefully as fast as
possible oh well so much for that war
on terror I suppose for the rebel dot
media I'm David the men's I'm Menzies
say folks the Breville has a brand new
app please download that app and take
the rebel with you wherever you go
you
