it's a stronger Ontario it's affordable
Ontario
it's our Ontario now for nation was in a
euphoric mood at the Doug Ford unity
rally on Monday and sensing impending
regime change in the air in Ontario come
June here's what various members of four
nation had to say about the man who
would be premier so folks what did you
make of Doug Ford speech tonight we love
Doug I think the energy was fantastic
and Doug is gonna be a great premier for
Ontario assuming he does become premier
he will we need change we need we need
you know Ontario yours to recover we
need to recover from this liberal held
that we've been going through I say hope
hope because finally I find the relief
is on its way just that sentence makes
my heart beeping I'm so happy because
when Kathleen Wynne's name has been
mentioned you can see the attitude on
the floor it's not because we are where
we're make it up because it's from our
heart
assuming Doug Ford becomes premier what
do you think his first order of business
is there's too much to say we're in a
mess right now
there's too much I wouldn't even know
where to start
it's that bad is it oh my god where do
we begin
there it's a long list you want to help
me out here because I mean you start by
attacking taxes and he's got to start
welcoming business back in Ontario you
don't have an economy anywhere unless
you have a you know welcome you got this
fear for a business first order of
business is cutting the budget what's
the first thing we have to open our
bulbs we have to see it go line by line
by the items where the wastage has been
and we're going to say to businesses you
know what we're gonna make we're gonna
make Ontario the place to do business
we've got a great skill we've got a
great population ready to work we've got
a highly highly educated
halation so we want you to come here and
we're gonna make Ontario we're gonna
create the environment so they're gonna
want to be here and how does the PC
party with Doug Ford as leader compared
to the PC party when Patrick Brown was
leader I think it's a little fresh a lot
of fresh air I think Brown was to
moderate and to middle middle ground and
in reality is not a big difference
between him and the Liberals how is this
party this PC party different under Doug
Ford as leader versus Patrick Brown is
leader a little bit bug darkest duck
says what he means toxic Doug's gonna
it's got lots of integrity
Patrick Brown was a little disingenuous
I guess I would say so
in my view but I I feel Doug is the most
he's got such integrity it's amazing you
know and I and I really go for that you
know and that's something that that this
province needs is someone in there that
cares about the people of this province
and he's the man hey folks have you
heard the rebel has a brand new app
please download that app and take the
rebel with you wherever you go
you
