the main suspect in the Austin Texas
bombings is dead but did he act alone
I'll tell you what federal authorities
think the main suspect in the Austin
bombings now identified as 24 year old
Mark Anthony Condit is dead he blew
himself up as a SWAT team closed in this
from the Statesmen at Texas newspaper it
said authorities tracked down the
suspects vehicle to a Round Rock area
hotel police begin following the
suspects vehicle and as what approached
the suspect detonated a bomb in the car
an officer had fired at the suspect then
another officer was knocked down by the
blast luckily he was okay he was treated
for minor injuries now does this put an
end to the bombings well authorities are
still very concerned there are that
there are undetonated explosive devices
still out there maybe devices he built
maybe devices he stored somewhere maybe
devices that he already put into the
mail that haven't yet been detected or
open so this investigation is very much
ongoing now interestingly I've got a
story here from a local CBS affiliate
out of Dallas Fort Worth a former ATF
agent feels that there might be an
accomplice it says here in North Texas a
former FBI ATF agent revealed to CBS 11
exactly who he thinks could be behind
the Texas terror he said quote and the
agents retired a new famous Hector
trango now the ATF obviously used to
stand for alcohol Tobacco Alcohol
Tobacco and Firearms
now it's BATFE Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco
Firearms and Explosives explosives were
always part of their mission but we had
always shortened their name down their
acronym down and he said uh retired ATF
agent Arango said quote you start off
with a really rough sketch and as the
days go on and it starts to get clearer
and clearer you'll see that person
emerge now Marengo spent more than these
two stories has 25 years as an
investigator and supervisor with the ATF
before retiring in 2016 very current
Experian
it's only been out of the game two years
and he's now the CEO of a firm that
specializes in security and and
investigations now the suspect of to his
own life I'm gonna read from the story
is very comprehensive while the suspect
who took his own life has only been
identified as Mark Anthony Condit 24
years old
the ATF agent in charge already
predicted they're profiling said the
suspect was 20 to 30 years old educated
and most likely a local resident that
all rang true now what
trango and other law enforcement folks I
spoke with they're saying is that the
one thing that bothers them and this is
not coming from the story this is from
source information this is implied by
former Special Agent Arango the one
thing that's bothering them is that
there wasn't a commonality in all the
bombs bombers typically have a
fingerprint and how they make these
devices that's why they feel there could
have been an accomplice because of the
different mechanisms the different types
of construction with each bomb what they
tell me no I never worked explosives in
law enforcement I have very little about
it but I spoke to some people who know
very much about it former bombs NYPD
bomb squad people former explosive
ordnance people from the United States
military reading what the ATF agents
saying speaking to a friend of mine
who's on an ATF task force here in South
Florida and they were all in agreement I
didn't feed them I didn't say hey is
this true if there's no commonality
interestingly all of them said the same
thing to me that they're they're happy
the main suspect is down he apparently
killed himself they're happy that it
appears that this string of bombings is
coming to an end or came to an end let's
hope there are no other bombs in the
mail but they're all a bit uneasy that
there's not an accomplice they said that
in their professional opinion and we're
looking at a hundred plus years of
collective very qualified very
professional opinion the lack of
commonality in the way the bombs are
built makes them very uneasy and leads
them to think this guy might have had an
accomplice might have had someone
working with him on this in some way and
so this investigation is very very much
ongoing and we're gonna go much deeper
into what those expert sources told me
on my longer show off-the-cuff
Declassified today right here on the
rebel if you like this great content
this is really important stuff we talk
about everyday I mean this is a lot of
this stuff is life-and-death stuff I
want to bring it to you every single day
so help me do that by subscribing to our
premium service at wwww-what slash shows
