so part of Italian culture is to
appropriate other cultures yeah yo its
st. Italians day right now your deal has
been rebranded well it's st. Patrick's
Day in Toronto a time to raise a wee
dram of Jameson's or perhaps a pint of
green hewed beer but the question arises
for those who are embracing Irish
culture who aren't Irish is that okay or
is this yet again another example of
cultural appropriation let's find out
what members of generation Trudeau
after-dark have to say about this one oh
my god amazing st. Patrick's Day is a
very important day because we all
celebrate drinking and the st. Patrick
will just say to those people that say
that if you're not fully Irish and
you're celebrating st. Patrick's say
you're guilty of cultural appropriation
the thing is that everybody's at least a
percent Irish everybody's still a little
bit you know it's so confusing because
around Halloween they say if you're not
native you shouldn't dress up as a
native what would you say to those
people that say that if you're not Irish
and you're celebrating st. Patrick's say
you're guilty of cultural appropriation
because date day in about a say I'm
guilty because I said meek was guilty
and that's false so I ain't guilty
either I'm very confused all around
Halloween they say that like for example
if you're not native you shouldn't dress
up as a native so how is that different
with st. Patrick's Day that just gets
racist at that point Halloween's just a
racist story I don't think it's had any
difference sir I think we're all human
and we enjoy a good drink and and that
anything that's what it's all about
we're just celebrating it with them you
know celebrating like like what they're
celebrating
I am 1000% guilty of cultural cultural
appropriation but you know what the most
important fact today is is everybody
who's guilty of called a cultural
appropriation is be safe first of all
the Irish limitary now I'm a big fan of
Donald Trump I think like our
generations the last couple years just
really just wanted an excuse to just
party to have a good time and I think
the Irish are well known for their
drinking habits which are great to begin
with if someone is upset or offended by
my me wearing this hat then they need to
just relax and not be so offended
because they're a bunch of hi ma'am are
you celebrating st. Patrick's Day
of course I'm celebrating st. Patrick's
Day oh you're Irish ma'am yeah kiss me
I'm Irish are you conservative
conservative yeah me too personally like
I kind of got that from the endorsement
of Donald Trump he gave earlier so
absolutely man
you know what like on camera what are
you making what you just saw there sir
we had a guy a serve dressed up in a
leprechaun got his hat stolen the world
is all about just celebrating everyone's
culture so just get lucky today all
right guys Cheers
hey folks have you heard about the new
ruble app please download that app and
take the rebel with you wherever you go
