this is Lila Colette a member of the
Popular Front for the Liberation of
Palestine which the u.s. classifies as a
terrorist group Khalid was the first
woman to hijack a plane and she also
just happens to have some fans at the
University of California Santa Barbara
check it out you could probably guess
that students for justice in Palestine
has its fair share of Jew haters and
terrorist supporters I've reported on
quite a few of them but it's not every
day you have an official SJP chapter
promoting terrorism
however the santa barbara chapter seemed
to do just that last week publishing
this image and one of a woman with an
ak-47 the group also shared a photo of
khaled with the caption solidarity is
the weapon in armed resistance is the
catalyst support all woman taking arms
against imperialism armed resistance
sounds a lot like an Tifa right and just
like an Tifa they're not too prepared to
actually defend their convictions with
logic and reason Santa Barbara SJP
deleted their posts and read but didn't
respond to you my request for comment
now I think I've already made the case
that these guys are wack but let's have
a look at their Facebook page just to
see how pro-palestinian students are by
no means immunes the cancer known as
intersectionality this virus has caused
them to advocate for the abolition of
all prisons and the destruction of
capitalism it's even impaired these poor
kids ability to spell words like human
and woman I'm pretty sure X's and Y's
don't belong there oh and speaking of
prisons
SJP Santa Barbara also wants Palestinian
activists ahead to Mimi to be freed you
remember Tommy me
the teenager detained after slapping
punching and kicking Israeli soldiers on
multiple occasions well these students
believe she's a political prisoner a
term used by many who attempt to
whitewash crimes prisoners have
committed by just saying oh he was just
arrested because the government decided
he had the wrong politics no I'm sorry
but assault is not a political opinion
there are other ways to protest in
general remember that when
sign up for a pro Palestinian group
you're not picking from some kind of ala
carte menu you're not only signing up to
support people who have refused every
chance at compromised the two-state
solution
you're also often throwing in your lot
with a group that is ideological and
even financial ties to terrorism uses
made-up words with X's and Y's hates the
police thinks the American flag is a
symbol of white supremacy but is
completely fine fascicle and hammer for
campus unmasked I'm Rob schrab shaaka
if you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
