what are tariffs the media is talking
about them constantly politicians claim
to know everything well this is my
interview with Ron Halliburton a
self-made millionaire inventor
entrepreneur and someone who does
business all around the world and
actually deals with tariffs on a daily
basis check it out
all right how's it going I am here once
again with Ron Halliburton world
renowned inventor and entrepreneur he is
the man that invented the machine and
gives you change for your 1 5 and 10
dollar bills as well as the pager
systems at restaurants he does a lot of
business with arcade games around the
world and I believe he is one of the few
minutes you can talk to you about this
whole tariff situation that we'll know a
little practical sense of what is going
on so Ron how's it going man it's going
good you've been working in the field of
really kind of inventing and hiring
engineers to build products and stuff
since you were 19 correct it was like
when you started hiring people on as
engineers to do this kind of stuff I
started of course I didn't go to school
and my my high school years I was
working and pregnant houses in the
beginning well you mean you had to work
I thought it was always a socialist
country yes it was a great great
experience because it's it's you see the
real work kind of the way Trump did
you'd be starting from the ground up and
it's it's it's whole lot involved in
doing something like that but I always
at that time when I was swinging the
hammer out there sweating in the Sun or
freezing during the winter up there in
Tennessee the you I always wanted to get
down to to the the engineering and
development new product that was my goal
before I was 19 and then started the
company at 19 awesome yeah I think
that's what you're touching on is
something that I think most Americans
especially Millennials and young
Americans have no idea which is
and honest day's work and actually
having a real job but with something
they also might not know about is
tariffs which is something that's been
talked about constantly in the news and
this is mainly because obviously Trump
imposed it so you have to have the media
screaming bloody murder 24/7 but for
people that don't know what a tariff is
what is a tariff Oh tariff is just a
fancy name for a tax and and the Latos
don't add you know nobody likes you hear
the word tax so they change it they left
the tea there which is unusual for
government but they have cuter names
like value added that sort of stuff and
that's basically what the rest of the
world does to us and then I use the
environmental certification all kinds of
ways to block products going into their
country and someone was just in your
face like Brazil is one hundred percent
tariff tax whatever name they want to
call it for some of our products like
our particular product is gains they
there's a hundred percent tear opponent
a hundred percents of the price of the
product is to be their doubles their I
thought all we want is equality it's a
simple formula like trumpets already
come out and this is the what I've been
preaching for years and he's using it
formula whatever they do we did okay so
the the tariffs that he would be
imposing are basically to offset the
tariff there you have on our products
going into their country right so it's
equal so by being equal and they're not
getting away with any theft they will
they will come to the table and do it
properly because they lose all the
business doing the free market it works
when there's a competition like you got
to make sure that everyone's on a level
playing field so the best products can
rise up and the people that are the best
entrepreneurs whether you're an you know
random area of Florida or Tennessee like
you said that your product can get out
there and compete with everyone else
yeah I think that was that was something
was so interesting because you're right
people that a Republican if they hear
tax like okay stop let's not let's not
do this that's usually a lefty way of
thinking but with Trump's thing since
he's being obviously he's running
Republican that that it's just a tax to
basically offset of whether countries
are already doing to us
to lever the level that playing field
well Trump is so educated to the world
because he does business in all these
foreign countries with large amounts of
money so he knows the barriers put up
from ticketed into the country and he
know they also knows what happened what
happens when you try to bring it back we
don't charge basically of tariffs on
anything in America and the but if you
go to Europe for example they call it a
bad tax the VNT and its 1819
half-percent if we send the game over
there which european is no longer
manufacturing games with in our country
they've run all those manufacturers away
so it's been a wonderful run for us
because we have no competition other
than the American game designs so and
this has been going on for twenty years
now but they have a what to call the
value in detect and its cash upfront off
from the from the dogs they have to come
over there and write a check to pick
that equipment up at the docks and it's
it's 18 and 1/2 percent so it already it
takes what it does it penalize this
video the English people as well as the
American people and and nobody wins with
that so we're they're paying a higher
price for all of our products just
because of what their country is
basically take away now in going into
China you can't ship a completed
amusement game into China they have
rules and regulations that you can't
ship they completed in the box ready to
turn off into China China the Chinese
are great there their tenacity love the
group love them as people fun to be
around and I couldn't I can't blame them
I blame the American government for
years of allowing this to happen they do
not care about our manufacturing they do
not care about our R&D they do not care
about our intellectual property they
only starting to care about it now when
Trump brings it to the forefront but the
going back for 10 15
let's say five or six decades I can my
lifetime no no have ever cared no no so
the reason the reason that they don't
allow a finished product to be shipped
in as well is why with it does it just
cost us we're - it over in parts so they
it can be assembled in China or how does
that work the government loves their
company their country loves their
businesses business owners a let's use
China no they will protect the
manufacturers and designers of games in
China so they don't want them to have
the competition so it's a one-way street
they can only ship over here so they can
so they're doing that so they can use
their manufacturers to actually put the
games together themselves and basically
so what kits and things of that nature
which you kind of skirts around the law
but it's not it's not a worthwhile
volume so that but when you have a
country leadership that loves their
people and loves the manufacturers and
not hate them that's what happens they
try to protect them but we don't get
that same over here the basic laws for
international trade when you start
talking about tariffs is nope no country
is supposed to subsidize product in any
way that makes it a level playing field
and what the Europeans do is just about
as bad as China is that they use the
environmental certifications and stuff
of that nature and in the past I've used
one going back about 20 years called
Rojas which would certification to ship
into Europe and that's where you cannot
use anything with led edge so and so
we've never verified if they use
products with that engine or not but
they stopped they slowed us down they'll
do anything to stop our product from
going in hit it please like China would
they have to follow Rojas or that can
they use lead to make all their products
as efficient as they could possibly be
they the the cheating on their process
there they'll put the label on the
cheating on the process is
highly highly suspect gotcha so connect
bone there that was developed developed
in or manufactured in China which is a
spectacular piece of electronics Janice
it's a but it wasn't it wasn't invented
by government bureaucrats
that's very true sorry consider your
thought of their a they so the thing the
thing with the robots is still going on
heavy they've added nine more elements
that you can't use and this mainly comes
out of England which is the European
Union up until a year so I say and
that's that's how this is how what
Trump's talking about this is how they
protect their market they they use
certification like we have UL for our
electrical stuff that that follows this
code they have their own and they change
things it make it different so that we
don't even test for that way we we can't
ship our electronic stuff to to Europe
they make it harder and harder with
these tariffs what do you think will
happen and and how fast do you think it
will happen in the next couple of years
like what do you think Trump's plan is
and how it's going to turn out well
Trump is not like a typical politician
he's not a politician he's a businessman
loves America and he's looking at this
is his company and his family's company
and what they're he's bet tomorrow
that's not gonna be going away and
forgotten he's gonna be relentless on
this and he's gonna win them all because
all the data is out there and the
there's no way for them to hide it it's
uh they will I think the European Union
it's going to come to the table first
I know Mexico will probably know how
yeah Canada is a really great trading
partner with they have their their own
ability to innovate to a certain level
but they're still basically a producer
of raw material with their blessed with
not necessarily just poor
electronics that advances everyone's
life that kind of stuff that kind of
product and the they do some automobile
assembly of their bitch contract work
for the big the big companies and
they've been building cars up there for
years so it's the trade deficit with
Canada it's gonna get very very messy
but you could go product to product from
the raw materials and you can put the
quality to that whatever we ship up
there is equipment what if it's 50% is
50%
both ways gotcha that way there won't be
no no deficit and in trade
yeah I hope that I hope that's exactly
the way the plans would go out it's the
terrifying basically loving the playing
field when other countries do this to
this it's like you're not gonna be able
to up charge us and you're not gonna be
able to subsidize other products you're
sending out I think it's a great way to
but if you said bring people to the
table and for those people that don't
know I think this is a good kind of
introduction into tariffs and kind of
what is going on and I do hope to your
right European Union charging like 20
percent of all of our stuff going over
there hopefully we could do this a back
and see if we can't negotiate a better
deal which is what Trump is known for so
Iran thank you so much for the talk man
let's do it again soon love it would
love to have it going if you haven't
done it already you can now download the
rebel media app that way you have access
to the entire rebel lineup and can take
it with you wherever you go
you
