all right I want to talk today about
this liberal narrative that and Irma
capes termination was the result of our
dark Overlord president Trump exacting
revenge on him because of the Muller
investigation you ignorant lids mchavez
termination is not the results of the
Muller probe it's the results of lying
to investigators likely more than a few
times and possibly a whole host of other
offences a leaking and this is a group
of investigators who are or were his
peers and in addition to lying it might
be the result of much more which we will
only know once the IG report is released
so be for sure this is the result of not
Donald Trump urging his firing but the
ethics committee within McCabe's own
former agency and the Office of
Inspector General these people are not
the president's henchmen out on a
mission to do his dirty work for him and
not only is the liberal response
ignorant it's hypocritical go figure
earlier this year Democrats hailed the
FBI as an institution beyond reproach
and capable of being corrupted by any
person now the FBI they're doing Trump's
dirty work so which is it this is like
the narrative they vacillate between one
day Trump being and ostentatious moron
and the next day he's an evil puppet
master who's going to destroy the world
you do realize in order to destroy the
world you can't be a moron right so pick
one now the group that makes up the OPR
they're his peers and yet the IG report
on mccabe was so incredibly damning that
they were forced to issue a
recommendation for his termination it
should also be noted that all over
social media liberals are offering
advice to andrew traitor mccabe Andrea
Mitchell put out this at this tweet one
suggestion from a McCabe supporter if a
friendly member of Congress hired him
for a week he could possibly qualify for
pension benefits by extending his
service the extra days they're actually
trying to help him recover from his
conduct which at best was irresponsible
and at worse illegal and malfeasant and
now of course the liberal response to
this is just like homie they're more
focused on the
and manner in which mccabe was fired
instead of the actual fireable offense
or if m says this man lied to
investigators a crime for which Mike
Flynn is paying dearly for and
undeservedly now keep in mind I am
overly critical of the FBI right now but
not the FBI as a whole there are a dozen
or so rogue agents who have severely
fractured the integrity of the
organization but firing McCabe is not
only justifiable it begins to restore
the faith and respect in an agency that
operates on those principles or as
supposed to now I always like to tie
these things in with you know
practicality how does this affect you
and me and everyday Americans well
McCabe was a government employee there's
not some mega rich CEO guy who's paying
his pension that comes from me and you
an American taxpayers and I don't want
another dime of my money going to McCabe
and I highly doubt that you do either
thanks so much for watching I'm Amanda
head for the rebel if you enjoyed my
commentary and want to hear more from
all of us over here at the rebels
subscribe to our premium content at
www.sonicstudio.com
