there was always much to loathe about
the unelected non-accountable
bureaucracy known as the Ontario Human
Rights Tribunal but get this the
tribunal is now acting as the fashion
police aiding and abetting activists who
believe their human rights have been
violated due to Halloween costumes
Oh used to be Halloween was so much fun
a trick-or-treating costume parties
scary pranks but somewhere along the
line the social justice warriors deemed
Halloween to be downright offensive to
their sensibilities primarily due to the
so-called cultural appropriation
I think things kicked into high gear a
few years ago back when Ohio University
ran that we're a culture not a costume
campaign remember that virtue signaling
exercise well for what it's worth I
would argue that you're a culture and a
costume so deal with it hey I'm of
Scottish heritage you want a Donna kilt
and be a pseudo Scotsman please fill
your sport and no skin off my nose
but the leftist loonies are no longer
content with mere protesting nope
they're now getting the state involved
in their ongoing desire for costume
clamp downs and guess what folks it
looks like they just scored a
precedent-setting victory case in point
a formal complaint was filed with the
interior Human Rights Tribunal against a
Toronto costume shop that was allegedly
selling offensive and racist costumes
which is to say the shop was selling
native themed costumes such as polka
hadi reservation royalty knotty Navajo
and Huron honey oh no sir can't have
that not these days apparently and so it
was that an investigation was launched
into the inventory of the spirit
Halloween shop thanks to a complaint
filed by Kathy calf child secret Nev and
Cary Lester and according to a gleeful
story in now magazine instead of
fighting back against this bureaucratic
bullying the spirit chain caved like a
house of cards so it was those costumes
are now gone both in the store and
online but how could this be well get
this the plaintiff lawyer Natalia
Kroeber Ali says her clients argued that
the retail stores created a poisonous
environment by displaying and selling
those sexist and racist
costumes quote the Human Rights Tribunal
found that a poisoned environment
whether it is a work environment or in a
store setting can amount to
discrimination end quote
Wow poison discrimination look we're
talking about mass-produced cheesy
Halloween costumes here right well
according to the now story Kroeber Ally
says spirit Halloween was unmoved in
their initial discussions this company
defended its inventory choices as quote
commercial freedom of expression end
quote who imagine that but poor spirit
the company likely didn't realize that
the loonie left cares not a whit these
days about concepts such as freedom of
expression and freedom of choice and so
many other freedoms that the left once
fought for so when voluntary discussions
didn't get the desired result from the
protesters it was tonight it was time to
call in the bureaucratic missile by way
of the Human Rights Tribunal and that
seemed to do the trick
suddenly spirit Halloween's lawyers
indicated they were ready to talk
settlement and what was that settlement
well folks your guess is as good as ours
because apparently spirit Halloween has
either been cowed into silence or simply
wants this whole thing to just go away
the company's only statement on the
incident is quote we are pleased the
matter was settled amicably end quote
settled amicably seems to me that spirit
Halloween just laid back and endured a
bureaucratic biker gang beating as
opposed to making its case for freedom
of expression how profoundly sad because
spirit certainly has the resources to
put up a feisty battle when it comes to
dealing with the human rights racketeers
but they folded and you know spirit
might just regret its capitulation
regarding this particular selection of
merchandise after all today it was
Native inspired costumes that caused
distinct tomorrow hey maybe we better
get rid of that leprechaun stuff so as
not to offend the Irish methinks the
shelves might end up looking quite bare
at your friendly neighborhood spirit
shop in the not-too-distant future for
the rebel dot media I am David the man
Zoid Menzies hey folks the Breville has
a brand new app please download that app
and take the rebel with you wherever you
go
you
