the FBI's internal investigations team
says former deputy director Andrew
McCabe should be fired well Jeff
Sessions follow-through today is really
the last business day that Attorney
General Jeff Sessions has to act on the
recommendations of the FBI's Office of
Professional Responsibility it's called
OPR essentially the internal affairs of
the FBI and then if something is more
egregious than internal violations of
protocol procedure oath of office it
goes up to the Office of Inspector
General at Department of Justice Michael
Horowitz heard his name quite a bit
lately because I G Horowitz Inspector
General Horowitz is conducting a
thorough investigation of Obama's
Department of Justice and FBI and I have
a feeling with the new information we're
finding out about 500,000 fugitives
being purged from the national
background check system by Obama's
Department of Justice effective general
Horowitz has his work even more cut out
from any thought dr. Sebastian Gork is
gonna be joining me on my longer show
off the cuff Declassified to discuss
exactly that but let's talk about McCabe
now the the OPR made a recommendation
that McCabe should be fired for allowing
a leak of sensitive information to
reporters and then lying about it
something that General Michael Flynn was
charged criminally for look I think
Andrew McCabe should be fired I think
Andrew McCabe has violated his oath of
office he's violated the public trust
but worse he's abused his authority and
weaponized the FBI when he was FBI's
number two deputy director and then
Acting Director after the firing of
James Comey I think Andrew McCabe was a
case study in what not to do if you're a
senior law enforcement officer if you're
running the nation arguably the world's
premier investigative agency the FBI
Andrew McCabe did everything a good
honest ethical law enforcement
professional shouldn't and wouldn't do
up to an including allowing his wife
take $700,000 from the packs and
campaign war chests of Clinton family
Ally decades-long ally and fixer and
money man terry mcauliffe when he was
governor Virginia of course Andrew
McCabe's wife dr. Jill McCabe ran for a
virginia state level race Abood was
virginia state Senate she lost despite
getting a little over 700 thousand
dollars from McCabe's campaign coffers
while Hillary was under investigation
the investigation that went nowhere that
is a conflict of interest that's
impropriety any way you slice it no two
ways about it it's that bad
what McCabe didn't carry good but he
wanted to do and so OPR looked at
everything in the cave did and there's a
story here from the Washington Post and
what it says is the FBI office that
handles employee discipline has
recommended firing the bureau's former
deputy director over allegations that he
authorized the disclosure of sensitive
information to a reporter here's the
very important part and mislead
investigators when asked about it he
lied to federal investigators the exact
same thing for which General Michael
Flynn was charged now not much mystery
as to whether or not McCabe did this
because FBI's OPR they're their own
internal investigations unit is saying
we want him fired because he lied to
investigators the big question here is
what will Jeff Sessions do well Jeff
Sessions do what Robert would robert
muller did in charge Andrew McCabe with
a crime that's what he should do well
we're actually having to ask the
question will even fire him will he even
fire him that shouldn't even be a
question that should have been done out
now because mccabe was the number two at
the FBI it needs to go to the Attorney
General this goes above Christopher Ray
the director of the FBI it shouldn't but
it does
now I and many others well we have
limited confidence in Jeff Sessions and
I'm hoping it's by the time you watch
this segment today Andrew McCabe will
have already been fired I truly truly
hope that's
case but it's always now a 50/50
crapshoot with with the Jeff Sessions we
never know what he's gonna do many of
those conspiracy theorists out there
tell us he's the silent assassin working
behind the scenes but I don't believe
that because if he was he never would
have let James clapper walk he never
would have let the statute of
limitations expired on James clapper for
lying under oath to Congress so I don't
have much confidence that Jeff Sessions
is going to act on this but if Jeff
Sessions doesn't there's gonna be there
are gonna be repercussions for sessions
I would argue that the stakes are as
high if not higher for Jeff Sessions
then they are for Andrew McCabe and I'm
gonna go into much much more detail on
my longer show off-the-cuff Declassified
a full hour we're gonna go very deep
into this I've got a whole segment on
this and then Sebastian Gorka and I are
gonna discuss this today right here on
the rebel I want to keep bringing you
this content every single day so help me
do that
subscribe to our premium service at
www.fafsa.gov I'm working on an
incredibly interesting story on sheriff
Scott Israel Broward County Sheriff
Scott Israel is gonna blow your mind
when I just vetting some things on the
report waiting for some information to
come in to me so we can show you the
graphics we're gonna be bringing you an
incredibly interesting report you think
Scott Israel is bad you're not gonna
believe what I'm gonna bring you but
please go to fire Scott Israel comm and
sign our petition also but it would be
app store of whatever device you have
download the rebel app great way to get
all of our contents and as always thanks
so much for watching you have a great
weekend I'll be back with you on Monday
