remember Georgetown professor Christine
fair you know the lady who said look at
this course of entitled white men
justifying a serial rapist arrogated
entitlement all of them deserve
miserable deaths while feminists laugh
as they take their last gasps bonus we
castrate their corpses and feed them to
swine yes well after that woke take
Twitter suspended her multiple times and
took away her little blue checkmark
let's take a look boy let me tell you
Georgetown security studies professor
Christine fair gives off slightly
different vibes depending on where you
discover her online she looks so sweet
and innocent on her Georgetown faculty
page but then there's her Twitter page
which very creatively shows what she
thinks of Trump and Putin's relationship
and has a rather vulgar graphic for the
banner where she uses the libertarian
don't tread on me snake for a different
sort of message hey isn't that cultural
appropriation there's also of course
Christine's blog tenacious hell pussy a
nasty woman posting from the front lines
of fuckery where she's dedicated a
couple of pretty lengthy posts to
bashing a couple of my student reporters
at campus reform who dared write about
her so after the esteemed security
studies professor suggested that white
male senators deserve miserable deaths
while feminists laugh and that people
castrate their corpses and feed them to
swine twitter suspended her the company
told me on background that it was by
accident she was reinstated hours later
and showed no sign of slowing down with
her incendiary tweets but a little
something was missing from her account
you know that little blue check pat on
the head from the big tech establishment
and then she was suddenly suspended
again she's back again now but you know
here's the thing in my ideal world
Twitter wouldn't suspend nearly anyone
in my ideal world Twitter would use the
blue check mark to show that someone's a
public figure which Christine
undoubtedly is but the right seems to
get disproportionately slapped with
suspense
and the blue check mark has been
weaponized to punish wrong thing so
we've just got to work with what we've
got
anyway Georgetown defended its
professors right to free speech in a
statement to me but said we expect their
classrooms and interaction with students
to be free of bias and geared toward
thoughtful respectful dialogue and
there's the rub for how do you know
Christine isn't penalizing conservative
or libertarian or pretty much any
student who isn't insane her rate my
professors page seems to indicate
otherwise it's an anonymous site so
these could be trolls but they do give
the class name in some pretty specific
details so I guess it's the real deal
Georgetown might want to check in on
those classes of miss fairs for campus
unmasked I'm Rob shim shock if you like
this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
