the Lower Mainland of BC really is a
target-rich environment if you are a
wackadoodle who wants to have a protest
against oil and gas it's pretty easy to
get people to show up now it is hard to
get people from the far reaches of BC
where the normal people live in Alberta
to show up to a protest you know in
downtown Vancouver but I'm so heartened
to hear you say that you are getting
signatures from all places like
Vancouver and Comox and you know where
Elizabeth May is from you know Vancouver
Island where you think that there's not
a sane person who lives there so at
least from Alberta its perspective you
know you you sort of forget that there
are normal people who are not having
their voices heard and that's why I'm so
pleased that you started that little
list so that you could go to Vancouver
and take you know symbolically all these
people with you and sort of make sure
that somebody acknowledged that they
stand with the rest of the country when
it comes to oil yes and help them feel
that they're being involved a lot of
people up here like to be involved a lot
of people everywhere want to be heard
like so many people in this province
don't support what the NDP party's doing
the majority in my opinion John Horgan's
saying you know we're gonna we
campaigned on this and and we were
elected in and you know this is our
initiative we had known as we were
elected but the real fact is the BC
Liberal Party was elected in the only
reason Horgan and the Green Party are in
is because they formed a coalition
through a loophole in our political
system that's an excerpt from my weekly
full-length show the gun show on my show
I take on the issues of the day through
my Alberta conservative lens and I
talked to the real news makers the
mainstream media ignores to get access
to my show in all of our other premium
content click the
on the screen to subscribe today
you
