are you a student who likes to vandalize
cars and fences with messages like F
white people and kill cops well you just
might be able to earn yourself Ani media
coverage and a suite eighty thousand
dollars for a new housing stay tuned for
more on this exclusive offer police
charged UC Berkeley student Ismael Shamu
with felony vandalism after he and
another student allegedly defaced cars
and fences with messages like f the
police F white people class war kill
cops kill yuppies and eat the rich as
reported by our friends over at far-left
watch now what's really interesting is
that police originally arrested Shamu in
June 2017 after finding him with an
illegal spring-loaded knife in the
vicinity of thirty instances of graffiti
and slashed tires but released him
without charges a couple weeks later
though they did in fact charge him for
the vandalism after the discovery of
some very erudite statements made by the
student private property must be
destroyed
bars and hipster shops need to be
removed Google's satellite offices must
be burned and Google buses need to be
slashed said Shamu in an April 2017 blog
entitled dialog will not save our hoods
Wow so incitement to violence property
destruction and an aversion to actually
talking things out a more cynical person
might think Shaun Musa ports an Tifa oh
wait that's exactly whom he supports he
credits aunty FFA's quote direct
engagement with the cancellation of
Milo's February Berkley talk and sneers
at how liberal Hillary supporters say
that they care about undocumented people
only to squirm the moment of barricades
smashed into the Amazon student store
they twist and cry the moment someone
praises auntie feh anyway Shamu found
himself the subject of a flattering LA
Times article Sunday entitled he attends
elite UC Berkeley but lives in a trailer
with no heat or sewer hookups soon he'll
be scrambling to find new shelter
40-plus paragraphs and no mention of his
vandalism charges or antifa endorsement
LA Times in New York Times journals to
Twitter calling Shamu a remarkable young
man
and saying his grit and determination is
jaw-dropping LA Times updated the piece
Monday with a short segment on his
vandalism charges and their spokeswoman
told me the arrest was not intentionally
left out of the story but wait there's
more right before I was about to publish
an article on Sean moody Esther day a
woman named Austin Cooper from a
fundraising site reached out to me it
turns out that the berkeley student an
auntie fill of ur has raised over eighty
thousand dollars for new housing Eileen
capper to my article detailing chalmers
remarks and alleged vandalism and she
said the site's going to take a step
back from sharing the fundraiser with
media outlets now despite being found
with spray paint stains on his hands and
a spray-paint can lid in his pockets
jammu has pled not guilty to the
vandalism charges he's set to appear in
court next month as for the guy who said
god bless antifa F Trump it seems like
he also has a teaching permit and is
ready to radicalize our black and brown
youth for campus unmasked I'm Rob strim
shocked if you liked this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe if something
happens on your campus and you'd like us
to investigate send us details using the
forum on campus unmask calm
