while that was anti-oppressive educator
dr. Michael Capello a University of
Regina professor who gave a speech
Monday at the University of Trent he
titled his presentation it's okay to be
against whiteness a play on the it's
okay to be white posters mischievous
4chan users put up on college campuses
last fall Capello argues that since
white Canadians oppressed Native
Americans in the past the it's okay to
be white posters are not just offensive
but actually violent something tells me
he's not talking about paper cuts there
the professor defines whiteness as a
system encompassing white dominance
privilege and presumed superiority but
he can't seem to wrap his head around
why white is perceived as normal the
middle well believe it or not dr.
Capello there are actual reasons why
white is considered normal namely the
fact that around three-quarters of
Americans and Canadians are white so if
you plot me down anywhere in those
countries and told me to look outside
the first person I'd see would normally
be white but now let's hear from the
professor whom you'll remember is a
self-confessed racist on the subject of
racism if we believe
only really bad people or if we believe
that really it's the guy with the kick
kick a good understand or like that's
the only people that can be racist
oh poor Michael he's like the little
kitty says okay okay if there really
aren't any monsters under my bed why do
I keep hearing creaking noises when I
roll on my mattress I don't know it
can't possibly just be in your head now
Mikey could it of course not but what
about anti-white racism when those the
answer to this little proposal from the
good doctor must always be a resounding
no when the left redefines anti-white
racism as prejudice they're not doing so
for empathy historical accuracy or any
other benevolent purpose no make no
mistake they're doing it for power they
recognize that like illegal alien the
word racism has a certain kind of power
a certain intrinsic persuasion that
prejudice and undocumented immigrants
simply don't have words are our greatest
weapons in the culture war
don't let these heretics take away yours
for campus unmasked i'm rob from shop if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
