so I've been mulling over the news about
Telford for the last few days it's
really kind of it's hard to find the
words to describe this kind of thing
these things are becoming numbing
finding out about a grooming scandal is
just like hearing that the seasons going
to change over the next few months it's
expected and we know about it and well
it's not something that the politicians
are going to talk about but the outcry
is there the media are talking about it
at least in fact the media are
investigating it this time it was the
mirror that performed a special
investigation over a period of 18 months
which found what could be the worst ever
child grooming scandal so far
they found death up to a thousand girls
some as young as 11 are thought to have
been abused over the last 40 years while
authorities have failed to act so this
is Rod room all over again the report
found that social workers knew of the
abuse in the 1990s but it took the
police a decade to launch a probe and
they found that council staff saw
trafficked and abused children as
prostitutes instead of victims
unlike in Rotherham they found that
authorities failed to keep the details
of abusers from so-called Asian
communities because of fears of racism
now let's clear this up this isn't Sikhs
Hindus Japanese people Chinese people
these gangs all verifiably Muslim and
yet our authorities are still scared of
being called racist for pointing that
out
that's not even surprising today though
saying anything about Islam can get you
banned from the country or if you're a
citizen just locked up the report also
found that police failed to investigate
a recent case five times before an MP
had to intervene all this sounds
familiar doesn't it from the failure to
act to the fact that authorities were
too scared of being called racist this
is just one more example of how the hard
left and their control over every aspect
of our lives is putting children at risk
I don't care about kids I sometimes
wonder whether they even believe the
people who are victims of this but all
their talk of believing victims of rape
how is it that they never talk about
this how is it that they never put two
and two together and decide that Muslim
immigration has resulted in the
importation of men who grew rape traffic
murder children with the friends and
family in gangs how can that I sleep at
night knowing that while they came to
campaign for the safety of women
advocating for the importation and
defense of men who commit these crimes
the investigation has brought up the
story of 16 year old Lucy Lowe in 2000
she was in her home with her mum and
sister when her abuser as our ally
Mahmood set fire to the house and killed
the three of them the abuser had first
targeted her when she was 14 and he was
jailed for the murder of the three women
but he was never charged over sex abuse
and he was only last year that we heard
that the former child rape gang
ringleader was expected to be released
some 17 years early the guy was only
sentenced to 22 years for killing three
innocent people and never charged for
his involvement in a rape gang and then
was expected to be released just five
years later and more victims spoke out
one anonymous schoolgirl told the mirror
that she was drugged in gang raped but
the killing of Lucy made it too
difficult to speak out about the issue
she said obviously she was scared for
her family and thinking they might die
like Lucy then there's Becky Watson a 13
year old schoolgirl who in 2002 was
killed in an unexplained car accident in
Telford it was first reported as a prank
that went wrong but it soon came out
that she'd been abused by a quote Asian
gang since the age of 11 and of course
we know what Asian means now I don't
really know Telford all that well I know
it's a new town in Shropshire but I've
never really been so you'd forgive me
for after hearing the news for assuming
that the area was quite Muslim I mean
hearing that a scandal like this I
assumed that Telford must have a pretty
substantial Muslim population but he
doesn't looking at the 2011 census you
see that the majority population is
British eighty nine point five percent
second biggest is Indian at one point
eight percent and the third biggest is
Pakistani at one point three percent now
we know that the Office for National
Statistics tells us that 75 percent of
type one group abusers which means they
target victims based on vulnerability
our Asian think tank William also showed
us that over 80 percent of convicted
child grooming offenses were asian so
what we're looking at here is just a
handful of percentage points of people
in this town who are committing grooming
gang crime this isn't just normal
pedophilia these are gangs who share
girls with their family members and
friends and this tells us something it
means that even towns where Muslim
populations are you know quite small the
horrific crimes can still go on and
still be covered up through the fear of
racism and let's not forget these are
only statistics for 2011 so this
minority was even smaller in the past
and his inquiries go on we're going to
hear more about claims that this abuse
has been going on for as long as 40
years and this begs the question where
else is this happening I know from
personal experience that there are still
scandals yet to be uncovered when I
stood for action in battery a few years
ago I was contacted by families in the
town who told me their children had been
groomed and kidnapped and even taken all
over the country before escaping and
then returning to their hometown they
told me how the police shrugged them off
and told them there wasn't enough
evidence and how the lack of action from
these authorities meant that their young
girls had grown up with serious mental
health issues and unable to live a
normal life Telford Member of Parliament
Lucy Allen has demanded a public inquiry
and rightly so but my question is why
wasn't this proposed sooner why haven't
members of parliament for Telford and
all the nearby constituencies been
shouting this from the rooftops for
years it's not hard to find out about
these stories even when I was merely a
candidate for election for a very small
party with no hope of ever winning I
have members of the public contacting me
and telling me their stories but perhaps
maybe I just answered my own question
perhaps they came to me because I wasn't
a politician and perhaps our politicians
never spoke about these issues because
they never felt obliged to when the
public is so despondent and without any
fight left when they know the
politicians won't even listen they won't
talk to them and when the politicians
don't feel the pressure from victims of
abuse why the hell would they go out of
their way to act our politicians
couldn't care less so this is a vicious
cycle
the politicians ignore the problems that
aren't politically convenient for them
to talk about abuse victims are forced
to be quiet and live miserable lives and
then once they're quiet they never have
to be mentioned ever again but in the
meantime this vicious highness crime is
still happening all over this country
even after the Jay report child grooming
is reported to still be happening on an
industrial scale in Rotherham grooming
in Telford isn't over and if what
happened in Rotherham is the standard
for how politicians are
he's want to deal with this it won't be
over for a very long time all by the way
have you noticed that as soon as all
this stuff came out Sadiq Khan and his
army of perpetually offended people I've
come out guns blazing over Muslim
victimhood did you see that speech he
gave where he was reading on his phone
these mean tweets that he received
online
I mean first off anyone on the right
will tell you how vicious that F can be
online and yet here we are still on
social media ignoring the abuse that get
happens on a daily basis I mean I can't
count the number of death threats I've
had serious opponent damage has been
done to my life by left-wing political
activists hell-bent on destroying me and
others rightly but here's Sadiq Khan the
man in charge of the whole city of
London on stage complaining that people
said some mean stuff online by the way
people saying things out of sheer anger
because of situations like Telford and
rather him one of the tweets he
mentioned was by Shazia Hobbs a woman
I'd met before actually she's a former
Muslim who was forced to marry and she
was abused under Sharia law what doesn't
matter is that he can't does it he
seemed mighty offended when Shazia said
quote if you use a knife to mutilate
your daughter's vagina will the full
force of the law be brought down on you
asking for a muslim well yeah
interesting question Shazia but it's not
going to be answered any time soon it's
just going to be ignored just like all
the abuse victims in Telford former
chief prosecutor Nazir Afzal he's
actually got a really good track record
on speaking about this issue quite
honestly he's told us that the child
abuse ring in Telford is just the tip of
the iceberg and that he believes there
are thousands of street grooming victims
left in the UK I don't doubt that I
don't doubt him I think that there are
thousands of betrayed people out there
and while it feels like we're powerless
to do anything about it maybe we are but
merely speaking about it is an act of
rebellion against a machine that wants
these poor girls to just shut up but I
won't shut up about this
I don't care what I'm called for talking
about this and for naming the problem
and neither should you this is a
national outrage it's a national
embarrassment and a great shame and the
longer this goes on the bigger the
political backlash when the British
finally realised they've had enough
we'll be I'm convinced now more than
ever that Britain's on the verge of a
real political earthquake I'm not
talking you keep winning the European
elections and I'm not talking brexit I'm
talking a real kick to the established
order
and the way politics is done in this
country that's coming for as long as
nothing happens with grooming with
immigration and with all these issues
that normal people care about something
new is coming
you
