a deadly Muslim terror attack only this
time in an affluent South Florida
neighborhood Muslim terrorists can
strike anywhere we've seen them kill in
Washington DC New York City Madrid
London Paris nice the list goes on and
on and this time they killed again only
in a wealthy area of Palm Beach County
Florida called Palm Beach Gardens
beautiful area actually have many
friends there it's only about 45 minutes
north of where I live this one really
really breaks at the heart of the
narrative that Islam is a religion of
peace because this time the deadly
Muslim terrorist was a 17 year old named
Cory Johnson now Cory Johnson went to
sleep over at the home of his friend
Kyle Bancroft they lived again in this
very wealthy area in Palm Beach called
Palm Beach Gardens negated community not
the kind of place you'd expect this to
happen and one of the kids their kid
named Jovi Giovanni Sierra 13 years old
child a baby made a comment that
celebrities were God's a little teenager
just impressed with celebrity every kid
was at that age every kid is at that age
well Cory Johnson is 17 year old near
adult Muslim took offense to that and
decided to go on a killing rampage
because he found that an affront to
Islam there was friend Kyle Bancroft
thirteen year old brother Dane was also
injured in this as was Kyle's mom a
woman named Elaine Simon a prominent
attorney an attorney who had been on the
covers of legal magazines South Florida
legal magazines again this was a NAFA
land area this is a very safe community
crimes like this don't happen in this
crime wouldn't have happened this terror
attack wouldn't have happened but not
for Islam now this kid Corey Johnson
according to a story here on the Palm
Beach Post watched radical videos we
read you an excerpt from this story Dane
Corey Johnson a murdering terrorist of
friend Kyle's younger brother 13 year
old
thirteen-year-old Dane reportedly had
made fun of Johnson's Islamic faith
according to the police report Giovanni
Sierra thirteen-year-old such an
adorable handsome little boy was
slaughtered murdered 13 years old
murdered for no reason because of the
sick twisted ideology that is Islam
givanni Sierra who turned 13 on Monday
referred to celebrities as gods that
upset Cory Johnson because it is
contrary to the Islamic faith to idolize
others as a God Johnson and Kyle
Bancroft the kid whose house he was
sleeping over at watched violent jihad
his videos Sunday night Johnson and
stabbed Giovanni Sierra and Salette his
throat a 13 year old child with a knife
he had brought to the house now this
radical Muslim terrorist Cory Johnson is
savage from a savage faith I had read
the Quran the story says he had arrived
the Quran before I go into the house and
he turned the Mowlam Muslim holy book
the quote give him courage to carry out
his intentions again that strikes at the
heart of the narrative that Islam is a
religion of peace this story bothers me
bothers me for so many reasons first and
foremost we have a murdered 13 year old
we have a severely injured 13 year old
and we have a woman who appears to be
nothing more than a good mom and a
successful attorney injured in this
Muslim terror attack as well
I don't see care out there condemning
this I don't see Muslim groups
condemning this now the Palm Beach Post
that it's obligatory defense of Islam by
saying American Islamic leaders have
repeatedly condemned expressions of
their faith the second largest in the
world after Christianity that involved
violence and terrorism especially since
the 9/11 attacks in 2001 well actually
that's not true a very very small
portion of American Muslims who consider
themselves moderate Muslims and some
others around the world but again
minutiae in the grand scheme of the 1.7
billion Muslims in the world have
condemned violence and many of those
there's been a but a but we see why we
can done it but we understand it and if
you understand Islam you understand that
sometimes jihad is necessary though I
don't like this narrative that Muslims
by and large condemn terror because they
don't and if you don't think it's a sick
and twisted ideology ask yourself what
other ideology would be the catalyst for
a 17 year old slicing the throat of a 13
year old because of an innocuous comment
the 13 year old made about celebrities
this is such a disturbing story an
incredibly troubling story
I don't even know where to begin where
do we begin in a country where
seventeen-year-old kids who are Muslim
are so motivated by radical Islamic
videos videos of Isis slicing the
throats of innocent hostages if they go
to their friend's home they try to
slaughter the entire family for the
comment of a thirteen year old
what kind of six twisted ideology is
Islam if that's what it facilitates
everybody's worried about guns guns guns
I think we need to worry about some
other things in this nation have there
been a gun in this home maybe this
Savage would have been able to be
stopped he was the only one armed but
that's a debate for another day now the
update on the on the victims
sadly Giovanni Sierra little boy
heartbreaking to report this was
murdered the woman the mom Elaine Simon
appears to be in good condition and they
can't comment on the condition of her
son Dane also 13 because he's a minor
but this story really highlights a much
bigger problem with Islam in America and
I'm gonna go much deeper into that on my
longer show my one hour-long show off
the cuff Declassified today right here
on the rebel if you like this content
sometimes it's disturbing but it's very
important let me bring it to you every
day please subscribe to our premium
service at wwww forward slash chose
you're already a subscriber thank you
very very much don't forget to go to
fire Scott Israel comm and sign our
petition so we can have Muslims
sympathetic radical Muslims sympathetic
Broward County Florida sheriff's Scott
Israel removed by Florida Governor Rick
Scott also go to your App Store download
the rebel app great way to get all of
our content if you've done any of those
things and I hope you've done all of
those things I want to thank you very
very much as always thanks so much for
watching I'll see you tomorrow
you
