Disney dropped its latest hundred
million dollar movie in the form of a
film adaptation of the 1962 classic by
Madeline Lee angle a wrinkle in time now
the story is beloved so Disney wouldn't
just throw a hundred million dollars at
a product and then completely change the
themes and elements that made it great
right yes they would including but not
limited to removing all elements of
Christianity its themes and even Jesus
because they said they wanted to be more
inclusive I'm not kidding I've been days
this is pure Hollywood
Disney's about to have to test her
across the galaxy to find moviegoers to
pay off this crazy budget and marketing
because it opened with about 30 million
dollars and I guarantee you the ticket
sales are about to plummet why you ask
because even the critics don't like this
movie and couldn't give it a pass even
though it was chock-full of every piece
of social justice propaganda and current
political themes that the left usually
likes but don't worry other media
outlets will do their best to get you
there in this seats while also admitting
that it's pretty bad Vox saying quote a
wrinkle in time values feelings more
than narrative and that is not a bad
thing the New York Times at a gloss over
many of the issues and focus on
something truly important the diversity
of cast specifically talking about
casting they say it's a welcomed
innovation and a declaration of a new
norm adding that this is how a movie
should look from now on which is to say
how they should have looked all along
unquote they did literally almost change
every single character from the original
book now it's clear that they did
sacrifice story for the sake of agenda
and this is highlighted by the complete
removal of the Christian themes and
elements of the movie and they said the
reason for changing this core principle
of the movie was to be more inclusive
the writer Jennifer Lee said that this
also feels like it's a movie that
celebrates inclusiveness and diversity
so having it be about one religious
denomination wouldn't really be keeping
up with that theme does that make sense
and she goes on to say that everyone has
a different lens so there's no religion
in this movie right wrong oh wait they
still quote Gandhi Muhammad Rumi and the
Buddha that doesn't sound very inclusive
does it though the mind of the left as a
movie I'm gonna give wrinkle in time a 2
out of 5 now the story is about a young
girl who can tether through space and
time so this lends some great
opportunity for special effects and
which is a big reason why I flew a
hundred million dollars at it so they
could capture these moments with great
set design some really cool costumes and
some CGI that looks great now character
wise are a few performances that were
captivating and interesting and fun to
watch but the story was so convoluted
and complex you came and follow it to
where you can care about these
characters things just happen all the
time
for no reason so there's no stakes don't
really care believe anything that's
going on and I saw this in real time
because I watched in an almost packed
movie theater and I saw all the kids
halfway through the movie about an hour
in completely check out and start
talking with each other not good as a
critic I'm gonna give this movie a 1 out
of 5 nothing bothers me more than
a studio takes a beloved piece of
intellectual properties like hey we got
a bunch of money watch this we're gonna
change everything and make it better no
you didn't there were thousands of
stories and books that have been created
over the years that don't make it past
the first line up that no one buys and
then no one latches on to and follows
but some do and there's a reason for it
the arrogance never ceases to amaze me
when Studios do this it's like Oh almost
Oh any element in there it's not gonna
change anything will change this
character doesn't really matter yes it
does now like I mentioned the themes of
Chris Jennings that we're taking out but
it was not limited to that everything
that they took out they were placed with
a basic push of social justice and
current political talking points almost
every scene with some awkward double
entendre speaking about body shaming
walls your truth your truth there's no
such thing as your truth your truth is
just an opinion and then there is truth
now honestly this happens in almost
every Hollywood movie which is totally
fine I like a lot of movies and go to
all the times and give praise and kudos
movies that lean left that's not the
point but this movie literally took the
bullet to do that it's become so
convoluted and weird we've been trying
to force all these issues into it that
everyone checks out even the kids during
a spectacle driven movie there was also
another clear stab at traditional
American lifestyle and values in the
movie the kids get transported to the
worst place in the galaxy the most evil
place on earth you're like don't fall
for anything that happens here and of
course the very first place they go to
is a archetype and a caricature turned
up to the nth degree of what American
culture was like traditional American
culture there's cul-de-sac that's just
pristine and perfect and uniformed and
these kids are all playing with their
balls bouncing it and they're perfect
moms walk out and like honey it's time
for dinner
and these kids almost get sucked into
the horrors of this lifestyle but they
don't they reject and they leave and
then then gets thrust onto a beach where
it's just like every summer trip ever
you took with your family which is all
packed together and but this time
they're all white people and then
Michael Pena's character comes out and
says don't worry we have as much and
everything that you need but nothing you
want wha I mean really my faith and
values I'm gonna give a wrinkle in time
a 2 out of 5 now in the book and in the
movie there's a character named mrs. Wu
and she gives a bunch of quotes to help
meg on her journey specifically in the
book she quotes first Corinthians
chapter 1 verse 27 through 29 and John
chapter 1 verse 5 now like I said all
these quotes and they talk about God or
Jesus or Christianity were completely
removed
being inclusive they still included
Muhammad Rumi Buddha and Gandhi the
implication paying that Christian values
are not inclusive so all these other
people must be right they would have to
be now the tour is very clear that we
are all created in God's image and even
if you look at Jesus is just a
historical figure he was literally
crucified laid his life down on the line
for all people and sought to break down
traditional barriers so that all people
could find salvation and this is also
intentionally done for very political
reasons because to remove conservative
content to remove conservative values -
you must remove any judeo-christian
values that are also associated with it
and by removing those they can then
insert all the social justice
progressive nonsense by saying we're all
just Universal seeking the same thing we
can all believe our truce and all this
kind of thing
this happens hand-in-hand in all movies
if you remove conservative values you're
also going to be removing some type of
judeo-christian value that was a part of
that story originally however there is a
strong family theme that does need to be
praised there's a wonderful biracial
couple in the movie with a beautiful
daughter who's the lead and they even
adopt a young Filipino boy and they have
a great family nucleus and they stay
together and it's great this is a big
difference the most disney movies where
the parents usually die or these it's
just one of them or whatever that always
happens in those Disney movies either
way a wrinkle in time is a great and sad
example that not all characters and
themes are created equal I'm Ben Davies
this is pure Olly if you haven't done it
already you can now download the rebel
media app that way you have access to
the entire rebel lineup and can take it
with you wherever you go
you
