anyways I like David's words about
derailing the gravy train respect for
taxpayers and it goes back to the
populist movement if you see over the
last few years there's been this
populist movement going around the world
no matter if it was brexit that they
didn't think was gonna win or it's
Donald Trump down in the US oh oh I'll
never forget I went on wasn't Jerry show
it was actually John show the show
earlier on 1010 and and it was when
there was 21 candidates running for
president and I spent a lot of time down
in the USA we have a business in Chicago
and one in New Jersey in Toronto so I
travel frequently down there and what I
kept hearing and I just think Chicago
very democratic New Jersey very
democratic I kept hearing Donald Trump
Donald Trump and this is when there was
21 candidates so I got on 1010 and said
a few words then he said who do you
thinks gonna win and I said Donald
Trump's gonna win this is when there was
21 people in the race well there is a
big laughter in the room everyone was
laughing and joking what they missed
they live in a little bubble all the
elites in the establishment they live in
this little bubble and they talk to
their other friends in the little bubble
but they don't get out and meet the real
people not to me what I mean by getting
out meeting the real people before I got
involved in politics and by the way
David I'm not a politician I can't stand
politicians because they're all phony
they are and the businessman that
volunteers is time for the people so hey
I'm in Chicago one day and get a phone
call from Rob and I really didn't follow
Rob's career as much as I wanted to
because I was spending five six days a
week building our company in the US and
I said this is when he was a city
councilor I said Rob how you doing I
said
are you he said I'm out in Kingston Road
I said what are you doing out in
Kingston Road that's a Scarborough
that's not your ward well he said well
there's a big huge garbage strike going
on David Miller created and I don't know
if you can remember that we had we had
garbage all over the part she was
buckling down to the unions and so on
and so forth he said well there's an
elderly lady she can't make it to the
local garbage dump wherever it was the
local park and I'm picking up her
garbage and at that time Rob had the
little minivan and he went and picked
off a mrs. Jones mrs. Jones garbage up
but put it in the back of his truck and
and then he'd go down the street pick up
a couple other people's garbage bring it
back to a table Cole where we had
privatized garbage and he'd emptier the
garbage I can assure you mrs. Jones
could be a staunch NDP staunch liberal
she was voting for Rob Ford the rest of
his rest of his life her life her family
was her neighbors were because it's all
about customer service and the vast
majority of you if you've ever called a
politician try to call John Tory see if
you get a phone a phone call back not
gonna happen
it's all about customer service
respecting the taxpayer making sure that
every single baller that you have to pay
in taxes gets respected it's about
having a transparent government and an
accountable government
when I say transparent before we went
down to City Hall there were sole-source
deals there all their buddies feathering
each other's nest lining each other's
pockets with multi-million dollars of
sole source deals just imagine if you
just went in there and said I'm going to
get a fifty million dollar contract it
doesn't work that way in our business in
the private sector you're out for bid we
put an end to that immediately and I
always told Rob I said Rob we're gonna
go down there and we're gonna pull their
hands over the gravy get them off the
gravy train pull their hands out of the
taxpayers pockets and start putting
money back in the taxpayers but I said
Rob I can assure you
they say the first through the daughter
to make changes they get a little
bloodied and man was out an
understatement and in saying that I
welcome the nasty media here there's a
nasty toronto star back there because
they're both the worst media let my
opinion I've ever seen and I guess I
guess they brought their cousins the New
York Times there they're just as nasty
and it comes down to the dishonest media
but we'll get into that a little day on
the road so making sure it's transparent
we said we're gonna record all the votes
and that's that they were stunned all
these other politicians now remember the
days that there was voters forty four
counselors and a mayor and there used to
be votes forty four to one that was raw
voting one for the taxpayers and I said
Rob every time you lose out down at City
Council you're winning with the public
because they all stick together they're
all like sheep and as soon as you do how
it works down there folks is if the cows
sir votes for them the other councillor
will vote for their vote it doesn't
matter if they agree or disagree it's
about integrity
it's about being principled and right
now we don't have a Mary that's
principled and I'm not saying anything
nasty about John pretty because he's a
nice man I've known them for twenty five
years but when you go up there and you
say you're gonna run the government this
way and you get down there and all of a
sudden you hop on the gravy train and
we're back to the same situation we were
under David Miller was spending billions
of dollars that we don't need that's not
being transparent that's not being
principled you know how much heat Rob
took and I'm talking about being
principled here about not marching in
the gay pride parade he got pounded Rob
wasn't against the gay community
whatsoever he just had a belief inside
him right or wrong a lot of people may
disagree
some people may agree but what they try
to do is bully him William to go down
and march in the gay pride
prayed and God bless the people if they
want to March good for them but again
they'll bully you into going and it's
supposed to be about inclusivity I find
that amazing how they're kicking out our
place and saying our police can't March
like give me a break we have the
greatest police force in the entire
world not in the country but the insider
world and people wonder why again this
populist movements happening look what's
happening here in Canada I'm gonna start
at the federal level Justin Trudeau you
know he's you know you go in there you
you let someone that's a camp counselor
this is the result but that's gonna
happen folks I wouldn't say this about
Paul Martin he's a smart businessman I
wouldn't say this about your own crunch
n but electing a camp counselor that has
absolutely zero experience it's
absolutely appalling but it shows but I
was with the Prime Minister Prime
Minister Harper yesterday one of the
best prime minister's we've ever had or
none and you know he's been pretty quiet
it was actually the first time you ever
spoke it was up and Vaughn for a PC
candidate he's been he's been pretty
quiet lately but just talking to him
privately it's it's is astounded on how
Jim Flaherty one of the greatest finance
ministers we've ever had a close friend
to our family and I'm sure Rob and Jim
are looking down right now thinking oh
my goodness
what's happening to all the hard work
but actually left us with a surplus and
the Liberals go in there and less than
what a year in a bit two years it's 25
billion dollars deficit 25 billion not
mentioning that the death and someone
and then someone who had to fill huge
huge shoes for Jim Flaherty I just
looked over I see my friend Joe Oliver a
brilliant financial bind
incredible he filled the big shoes so it
must think he's sick every morning
reading the papers Joe you know seeing
other the billions of dollars are
rocking out and the same way I feel
about the City of Toronto i sat on the
budget committee for four years
the only counselor that sat on the
budget committee we went line item by
line item and you find out a lot about
how the taxpayers money is being spent
when you go line item by line on them
when we went in there first there we
were facing almost a billion dollars of
pressure going into the first year we
said we'd find efficiencies we found
efficiencies we found over a billion
dollars of efficiencies we delivered a
zero percent tax increase the very first
year which they said it couldn't be done
they said you couldn't find any savings
we found over a billion dollars
we ended up privatizing the the garbage
what's the young and saved eighty eight
million dollars and it was all scripted
out for John he could have privatized
garbage that people can't wait for
privatization Easter young another
eighty eight million dollars but again
he buckled he knew he didn't have the
votes
so there's another eighty eight million
the state of affairs right now folks in
in Toronto we are we left we left the
guy called the bank account we left the
bank account the taxpayers bank account
the reserves were full we had a surplus
of one hundred and eighty million
dollars we balance the books for the
first time in the history of Toronto and
within two years the revenues have gone
up through the land transfer tax which
Anna might be is just a total tax grab
that we don't need the revenues went up
a few hundred million dollars the
operating budget has gone up over a
billion dollars a year and it's gonna be
compounded year after year after year
that's four billion dollars and they
talk about you know they need money they
come captain
the province captain hand of the feds we
never went captain hand once for the
federal government we never went once
for the province because Kathleen wooden
one talk to us anyway so it didn't make
a difference but we never went captain
hand once to him because we had our
financial house in order and theirs is
an absolute disaster over at the
province right now eleven billion
dollars a year and servicing our debt
like and she's out there spending money
hundreds of millions of dollars that she
doesn't have be at the big yellow rubber
ducky that she went out and bought four
hundred and some one thousand dollars on
borrowed money you have to wonder how do
these people get elected it's instant
staggering it's really really staggering
when people go out there and they don't
realize that debt that's accumulating
they think it's a government it's it's
awesome and Jerry made a good point they
calculate all the residents in in
Ontario and divided by twelve million
versus of as twenty thousand is not it's
actually the taxpayers so it's more like
forty to fifty thousand dollars
staggering numbers absolutely staggering
numbers folks I can assure you one thing
in September there's gonna be a little
bit of a change I'm going to be out
there speaking out a little more
I have a decision to be made either run
for the province or run for the city and
straighten out a colossal mess because
right now
thank you thank you right now folks no
matter if it's a federal government
twenty five billion dollars in debt or
billions of dollars that the the
province is laid on our shoulders or if
it's or if it's the city I can assure
you I'll be out there voicing the
taxpayers voice being the voice for each
and every one of you it sounds like my
times up I'm getting carried away David
okay last minute of play I'll wrap this
up because I can speak here for another
half an hour about the wasted money
anyways folks you get my point you ever
need help people have their cell phones
well I'm gonna give you my number okay
like Rob did it the only politician in
the country call him at home
he loved my pocket he'd pick up Rob for
Mara Toronto can I help you my numbers
four one six and you can pass it around
eight zero five two one five six that
are known as a tax payers line is he
corruption you have a problem I don't
care if you have a pothole that's
bothering every day when you pull out of
your car and no one's listening to you
call me I promise you one thing you'll
get a return call I got about 60 70
calls a day it might take me a day or
two but you're getting a return call and
need be I'll be at your front door I
appreciate the support today
god bless each and every one of you
thank you
you
you
