the anti-defamation league is well known
for tracking hate specifically hate of
an anti-semitic variety but while many
right-wing individuals and groups
comprise our website there's a startling
lack of left-wing and Islamist ones the
ADL seems more bent on hate that
supports their political agenda and now
this same group is paying students
combat hate on campus check it out the
anti-defamation league has launched a
campaign called innovate against hate at
twenty colleges across the United States
student teams will be designing piloting
and implementing social or digital
initiatives with the goal of countering
hate and extremism while promoting
values of fairness equity and inclusion
of course equity code for equality of
outcome let's replace hate and extremism
with the completely mainstream concept
of cultural Marxism which isn't hateful
and hasn't led to the deaths of millions
so the ADL will give each of its 20
teams $1,000 plus $500 worth of Facebook
ad money ADL exec Jorge Salim says
students are well versed in social media
and have credibility of their peers Tony
scro CEO of adventure a company with
which ADL's partnering also mimics this
peculiar remark saying young people say
it best when it comes to targeting other
youth they are more credible and
believable if their peers yes George and
Tony since they're the same age they do
have credibility with their peers and
hopefully the watchdogs will be equally
focused on the anti-semitism and other
forms of hatred emanating from leftist
groups Jewish groups like Coalition for
Jewish values have called out the ADL
for touring mainstream conservatives
with guilt by association and ignoring
left-wing anti-semitism the cjv said the
2017 list of all trite figures published
by the ADL is a frightening depiction of
American evil but that the list of the
alt light by contrast is an often
embarrassing exercise and demonization
the cjv suggests the ADL catalogs
berkeley professor hatun bosnian who
founded students for justice in
Palestine and has called for an American
Intifada Linda Sarsour an activist who
supported a woman who killed Hebrew
University students and defends
pretty anti-feminist Saudi Arabia and
black lives matter activists Rachel
Gilmer who in the group's platform
accuses Israel of genocide
now the ADL does some good work
cataloging anti-semitic incidents on
campus and the group monitors the rise
in propaganda distributed by white
nationalist groups like identity Europa
progressives call right-wing
identitarian groups reactionary as a
slur without actually seeming to
internalize what the word means identity
Europa preaches racial collectivism as a
reaction to the anti white collectivism
of the left to be clear all forms of
identity based collectivism are cancer
to democracy but left-wing activists
like those at the ADL want to have their
cake and eat it too
condemning white nationalist groups
while ignoring or embracing groups like
an Tifa black lives matter
third wave feminists etc the ADL's
campaign against so-called hate isn't
just biased and hypocritical it's also
incredibly ironic let's not kid
ourselves innovate against hates campus
activists well we have the same mindset
as its media promulgate errs like Mara
Rose Williams here who advertised the
campaign of this delightful picture of a
poster saying hate speech is not free
speech of course that patently false
notion will in turn only increase the
amount of hate speech by those who
rightfully fear that the weight of the
government or private corporations will
be deployed to appease perpetually
aggrieved social justice harpies for
campus unmasked I'm Rob shamrock if you
like this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
