welcome back to another episode of when
the left literally eats itself episode
one Johnny Depp I'm Ben Davies this is
pure Hollywood Johnny Depp had
everything going for him a huge
Hollywood career making all the right
friends and saying all the right things
including in regards to President Trump
quote when was the last time an actor
assassinated a president I want to
clarify I'm not an actor
I live for a living unquote Johnny
Depp's left his stripes were impeccable
everything was going great it was like
being a soy salesman and Berkeley what
could possibly go wrong
assault allegations from then wife Amber
Heard no problem
vocal anti-american comments bring it on
living like an eight-year-old child who
just won the lottery ticket and watched
Richie Rich on VHS please reportedly
blowing six hundred and fifty million
dollars and having a wine bill each
month of thirty thousand and when
confronted laugh at it saying no it must
be much more than thirty thousand
dollars worth of wine cuz Johnny was
untouchable he'll be in movies for years
right right because Johnny was safe
until Donald J Trump forced the left to
show its true colors and fully embrace
identity politics and victim hierarchy
and unfortunately for you Johnny Depp
you're a white looking dude from
Kentucky and all women must be believed
hashtag me too first all your Hollywood
friends turn their back on their
longtime buddy Harvey Weinstein who
justifiably goes but when the left start
of weaponizing this cause to attack any
guys they didn't like maybe Johnny
should have paid attention to his friend
Matt Damon after he had the audacity to
basically say whoa isn't there a
difference between flirting and rape no
no no Matt that's rational and the left
is like a McDonald's sympathy hire
employee trying to build a rocket ship
to the moon it's just insane and Johnny
did not see the signs of the times no no
no because he actually denied the
assault allegations from his ex-wife
Amber Heard and wanted to get a fair
hearing you know some due process
because he says she was crazy who
allegedly defecated in their bed a story
that was corroborated by the maid no I'm
not joking maybe these two crazies
actually do deserve each other but no
matter how crazy she seems no matter how
crazy Johnny Depp scenes
by the way we don't know what happened
these are just allegations and hasn't
gone to court yet so I don't know which
is also why it's so important to wait
for due process to come out so we get
all the information tonight he said she
said anyway back to the story but Johnny
Depp didn't follow the rules of the left
and wanted to prove his innocence bad
move buddy it was reported by MSN
Entertainment quote an echo of the
Supreme Court nominee Brett Cavanaugh's
words at the Senate hearing last week
Depp called the Hollywood film industry
this vile effing circus and went on to
say he can feel people looking at him
differently after the actresses alleged
assault allegations and silly Johnny
didn't go by the leftist rules to try to
defend himself he went on to say that
power mongers were trying to shut him up
and he was being kept out of movies by
Hollywood elites but that he was
prepared to quit acting entirely if what
he calls the conspiracy against him
continues no no no John you can't stand
up for yourself and wait for due process
to crawl back into the abusive leftist
bed of the Hollywood elites you have to
do what Matt Damon did and bend the knee
and apologize for having any
intellectual thought self-worth they're
standing up for yourself then and only
then you are welcomed back by the left
and just like Matt Damon who is now the
Hollywood equivalent of reek hobbling
around saying and doing whatever the
leftist mobs tell him to do including
going on SNL and mocking Brett Kavanaugh
defending himself from literally the
most insane allegations I have ever
heard
well Hollywood reeked I mean Matt Damon
may not be in possession of his manhood
any longer but he is welcomed back by
the left and back in movies for now
until it eats Matt just like the left
eight Johnny Depp I'm Ben Davies this is
your Hollywood did you enjoy that video
of course you enjoyed that video so now
you need to become a premium member to
the rebel that way you have first access
to pure Hollywood and the entire rebel
lineup
you
