should a Caucasian male Conservative MP
keep his mouth shut when it comes to
debates regarding race well the answer
is yes he should zip it at least
according to liberal MP Selena Cesar
Chavez
well I suppose it was only a matter of
time before the dreaded white privilige
nonsense would gravitate from the wacky
world of academia to Parliament Hill and
sure enough this latest slice of odious
identity politics played out in the
Twitterverse recently when Conservative
MP Maxine Bernier and liberal MP Selina
Caesar Chavannes got into a Twitter TIFF
the issue at hand was money in the
recent federal budget that was being
earmarked for a national anti racism
plan an initiative to collect better
data on race gender and inclusion in
Canada and other liberal fare but at one
point in the discussion debating decorum
was thrown overboard when Caesar
Chavannes told Bernie to quote please
check your priveledge and be quiet
end quote Wow please check your
priveledge and be quiet we all know what
Caesar shavon has meant by using that
condescending remark she's a black
female ie a victim whereas Bernier is a
white male ie a member of a privileged
race and gender and therefore because
it's 2018 and we're all about
recalibrating the scales of historical
inequity hunkies like Bernie a need to
heed the advice of Dwayne the rock
Johnson
that's right words can no longer be
judged on the merit of the message now
it's all about the race of the messenger
then again
Caesar Savannah's is just taking a page
from her commander-in-chief remember how
Justin Trudeau responded to conservative
leader Andrew sheers queries last
November about returning Isis fighters
figures this prime minister said be
emphasizing Canadian securities
for many the criminal codes make it an
offense to leave Canada to fight for
Isis it was conservatives who are
focused on giving our law enforcement
new tools to prosecute Isis fighters
this Prime Minister is using a broad
spectrum that includes poetry and
podcasts and all kinds of counseling and
group hug sessions mr. speaker when will
the Prime Minister take the security of
pain seriously and look for ways to put
these Isis fighters the Conservative
Party learned nothing from the last
election of the lesson Canadians awesome
they ran an election on snitch lines
against Muslims they ran an election on
Islamophobia and division and still they
play the same game trying to scare
Canadians the fact is we always focus on
the security of Canadians and we always
well and they play politics of fear
yeah that's right a concern about
national security given the return of
homegrown Isis thugs is now somehow
equated with an active Islamophobia it's
anyone really buying that and then there
was Chris piddled the Liberal MP for st.
Catharines Ontario when a small group of
protesters converged in front of
Biddle's office in January he stated the
following on social media quote when
white supremacists schedule a protest at
your office you know you're doing
something right end quote
white supremacist what would make mr.
Biddle jump to such a perverse
conclusion were they wearing KKK hoods
were they donning replica Nazi SS
uniforms no these Canadians were making
the point that they had a profound
problem with this governments hug a thug
mentality when it comes to dealing with
radical Islamists and identity politics
Boulevard sure doesn't seem to be a
two-way street folks you may recall Fox
News commentator Laura Ingraham
remarking last month that NBA star
LeBron James should quote shut up and
dribble end quote after lebron remarked
that donald trump doesn't quote give AF
about the people end quote
well many in the mainstream media lost
it chastising Ingram for her insensitive
in inappropriate language so in our new
world order of identity politics telling
a white man to shut up the silencing
honest debate and in validating his very
valid points on a particular subject oh
that's a okay G who's got the privilege
now for the rebel media I'm David the
men's I'd been ZZZ hey folks have you
heard the ruble has a brand new app
please download it and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
