Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan
has said the Jews don't like Farrakhan
so they call me Hitler well that's a
good name
Hitler was a very great man this week
Democrats came under fire for their
connections to the minister but you'd
think at least school would be a safe
haven from Farrakhan supporters right
well wait until you see this Chris
blanks volunteers out and sits on the
discipline committee of Waukegan public
school district in Illinois and no
that's not the black panther Wakanda
although it's pretty close to another
Wakanda which I'm told has good pizza
anyway blanks is a huge supporter of
Farrakhan in the Nation of Islam here he
is with the minister and last week he
said love life and liberation to the
Honorable Minister Farrakhan in the
Nation of Islam then he said a parent
and teacher advocacy group that
criticized him knows absolutely nothing
about this man they claim as a hater Wow
riding in all caps sure helps convince
me you're not completely insane Chris
now Farrakhan isn't just a fan of Hitler
the minister thinks Hezbollah terrorists
are freedom fighters he's informed us
that white people are potential humans
they haven't evolved yet Farrakhan also
mentioned the mother wheel is a
heavily-armed spaceship the size of a
city which will rain destruction upon
white America but save those who embrace
the Nation of Islam even the Southern
Poverty Law Center which typically
focuses only on right-wing extremism has
an entry for the Nation of Islam saying
the group's theology of innate black
superiority over whites and the deeply
racist anti-semitic and anti-aging
beauty rhetoric of its leaders have
earned the NOI a prominent position in
the ranks of organized hate three days
after I asked blanks about his support
for Farrakhan he directed me to his book
the scar Spangled Banner they say never
judge a book by its cover but when your
cover is the American flag getting
lynched with a bright red gash inflicted
by racism drugs guns and police
brutality it's kind of hard not to do
just that and say hey maybe I don't want
this guy around my kids polluting their
minds with identity politics and race
baiting I'm even more
when I search Christopher blanks in the
Lake County Illinois court system and
get around 50 results for traffic
violations domestic battery and
controlled substance felonies and yet
this is the dude while keygen Public
Schools has sitting on its discipline
committee deciding how children are to
be punished pretty strange for campus
unmasked I'm Rob schrab jock if you like
this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
