hi everybody I'm Amanda head and this is
the Hollywood conservative for the rebel
well I am back in California after a
lovely six days in Canada snowmobiling
in about seventy miles an hour through
the Canadian rocky wilderness it was
blissful but I guess time to get back to
work back to the grind and back home to
this grossly liberal state but to soften
the blow I'm returning to a state that's
taking a whipping from Attorney General
Jeff Sessions sessions is taking some
serious and decisive action against the
state and their corrupt and criminal
immigration practices session and his
DOJ have filed a lawsuit against the
state of California regarding our state
practices of shirking and basically
ignoring federal law as a sanctuary
state and he said we believe that we
cannot accept the kind of restrictions
that California placed on federal law
officers and we believe that their
actions exceeded the Constitution and we
will win in the courts eventually now
here's the thing in California our
immigration practices are not only
making things worse for both citizens
and legal immigrants it's actually
costing lives ice agents lives are put
in peril because of the aggravated
situations that they are forced into and
legal immigrants many of whom by the way
are my friends believe me they are not
happy about this either this is not good
for the state of California or the
country as a whole murder drug
trafficking robberies duis these are all
on a sharp incline because illegals
suffer no ramifications for committing
crimes even crimes beyond the original
crime of coming here illegally a
sessions continued in his statement it
cannot be the policy of a great nation
to reward those who unlawfully enter its
country with legal status social
security welfare food stamps and work
permits and so forth how can this be a
sound policy meanwhile those who engage
in this process lawfully and patiently
and wait their turn are discriminated
against it seems at every turn now I
have multiple friends who came here
legally they waited in line they
submitted their paperwork they waited
their turn two of my merry jurist
friends their mother came here from
Guatemala
she went to night school when she first
came here to learn English while working
during the day
she learned the language so that she
could actually take the test in English
she passed and she was nationalised and
she's been a citizen for twenty years
and it is a slap in the face to people
like that it sickens me it literally
changes my demeanor as I walk around my
neighborhood
knowing that California places more
importance and value in protecting
illegal immigrants than it does our own
citizens now if you wonder if sessions
is willing to back down on the legality
of this issue he closed with there is no
nullification there is no secession
federal law is the supreme law of the
land I would invite any doubters to go
to Gettysburg or it's at the tombstones
of Jhansi Calhoun and Abraham Lincoln
now I continue to have faith in Jeff
sessions I know the man he's a great
great man I think underneath his genteel
southern exterior he is a bulldog we
just need him to focus on more things
than ms-13 and immigration we really
need him to start going after Muller
McCabe Comey Clinton etc diversify your
portfolio sir you know juggle a little
but we support you thanks so much for
watching everybody I'm Amanda head for
the realm if you enjoyed my commentary
and want to hear more from us here at
the rebels subscribe to our premium
content at www.hsn
and please download our new app for the
rebel media on the app store you
download it really fast and you'll have
access to all of our latest videos and
your favorite rebel shows thanks so much
for watching I'm Amanda head for the
rebel
