free speech is under attack at Canada's
Acadia University today I talked to the
professor at the heart of this
controversy to get an update about the
bureaucratic war on his academic
independence professor Rick Mehta has
been teaching psychology for 14 years
sometimes he talks about things in his
classroom or on his social media
accounts that challenge his students
thinking on issues of immigration on
gender politics multiculturalism even
the gender wage gap and the Liberals
bungled Truth and Reconciliation
Commission now last time I talked to
professor Rick Mehta on my weekly
full-length show the gun show at the
time he detailed his struggle and his de
facto punishment for offering opinions
in his classroom that deviate from the
standard campus social justice ethos
meta told me in that earlier interview
he feels his course load and course
allocation has been diminished by the
university as punishment for challenging
the way his students think there were
dueling petitions at the time one
petition was to get him fired for
offending left-wing sensibilities that
petition read professor Rick Mehta of
Acadia University expressed he is
against trans rights believes
residential schools did good and
believes that the indigenous industry
are exploiting Western values of justice
all these groups are protected under the
Nova Scotia Human Rights Act the
marginalized communities in Nova Scotia
cannot feel comfortable having this man
who is against so many protected
marginalized groups teaching classes at
a respected university such as Acadia
now meta has denied these assertions
that he's any of those things the other
petition is well it's just asking that
meta be left alone and for everyone to
mind their own business but now the war
on meta is getting serious dangerous to
his career in future the university has
received repeated hurt feelings
complaints and now they're taking action
according to The Globe and Mail the
University won't say how many
or what those complaints are but Mehta
says he is being investigated for
violating the discrimination sexual
harassment and personal harassment
policies at the University Mehta first
got a formal warning letter to stick to
the curriculum but he persisted saying
he was only trying to offer students a
different perspective from what he calls
the dominant political orientation on
campus Acadia University in Wolfville
Nova Scotia has now launched a formal
investigation into complaints leveled
against the psychology professor over
his social media post and some of the
opinions he offered to his students in
the classroom for example Mehta once
defended the free speech rights of
former conservative senator Linda a KU
controversially said there was a more
nuanced way to look at residential
schools in Canada Bay AK also posted
letters to her website from her
supporters that the Conservative Party
considered to be intolerant Mehta said
at the time I quote I was supporting
Senator Barack not her positions just
her right to put letters on a website
and to express her views heather hemming
is the vice president of academic at
Acadia and she said and I quote the
nature and frequency of these complaints
and the significance of the allegations
is concerning for the University and we
have determined the necessity of
proceeding to a formal investigation so
Acadia has hired a professor from
Dalhousie University School of Law to
investigate meta so that brings us to
where we are today but instead of just
talking about professor Mehta I actually
talked to him this is the interview I
recorded earlier with Professor Rick
Mehta
where he gives me an update on what's
going on with him and his battle at
Acadia here so welcome back professor
Rick Mehta
why don't you give us an update to the
ongoing fight for free speech that
you're having at the University of
Acadia well it's been an interesting
time here thankfully I was able to find
them figure out what had happened to
explain where I am in this position so
actually there was an article in the
APTN
news came out very recently on February
21st and there I found a quote that I
found rather interesting and so I'm
reading this right from the article so
it says Scott Roberts a spokesman for
the University says Acadia will not be
issuing a public statement regarding
Metta comments or behavior but is and
now I put in quotation marks currently
providing solutions for students who
have raised concerns so they are not
forced to take a course from dr. Mehta
okay so that's what the spokesman says
and so now we can find evidence for that
which is that my course have been taken
away from me so instead of teaching the
large required sections of intro psych
I've been giving these small off
sections I'm not teaching the research
methods course anymore so and so that's
basically what happened with my course
as I put in an appeal argue that based
on my record that's not warranted and
that got overturned by the dean's office
and then in my intro psych classes I
talked about things like how the wage
gap is a myth and what and how basically
yeah basically if there is any systemic
discrimination and it feels like stem
and academia it's in favor of women so I
presented some of those kinds of
findings and then in a class on human
development I presented a feminist
perspective on her education system and
it actually argued that our educational
system discriminates against boys and so
that caused a bit of a an uproar so that
was on February I think ninth that I did
that class then on February 13th I got a
letter from the VP academic saying that
I violated that they're going to
investigate me for a personal and sexual
harassment and discrimination and if you
look at the policy it explicitly says
that intentions don't matter it's just
about outcomes so basically on you know
hurt feelings that's all it boils down
to
so yeah the I don't know what I've been
accused of or anything like that it's
just going to be by this lawyer former I
think president at Mount Allison if I'm
not mistaken and a professor emeritus at
Dalhousie University is going to
determine the course of what happens and
how things will
unfold you know so that's where things
stand you know an an allegation of
sexual harassment is so devastating to
someone's a career the connotations that
that carries are so difficult to recover
from and you know I'll ask you straight
out have you ever actually sexually
harassed anybody oh god no that's a
appalling thing to do so I would never
do anything like that it goes against
everything I feel to be decent human
behavior same with personal harassment
and you know being a visible minority
myself and having gone through racism a
child that's the last thing I'd want to
do to another human being which is why
I'm part of the web I'm disturbed by the
anti white movement that's happening at
the universities this is just so
dumbfounding that you know you just
laying out the facts and presenting you
know an alternative perspective and sort
of bursting the left-wing bubble of
these students has resulted in
allegations against you that are so
difficult for a man to recover from do
you think they're actually weaponizing
the complaint mechanism at the school
against you to shut you up in and you
know shut others up I mean this will
send a chill across academia and
specifically it Acadie if if anybody is
going to come out in your defense this
will serve to shut them up they don't
want these devastating allegations
leveled against them yeah well they all
do that in silence as well it's all kept
secret so I found it interesting that
our grievance officer who's supposed to
be the union rep who defends the faculty
members if there's a dispute between
faculty and administration told me in an
email specifically to take down my
social media posts and not talk to the
media or anything like that because that
would hurt me at arbitration and so I
decided you know ultimately I work for
the general public
that's when accountable - so I want the
general public to know because I mean I
think realistically I have a better shot
in the court of a public
opinion than I do in the university
system well and also your scent that's
why go ahead yeah so sorry that was why
I leaked the information to the press
because of once I had what lik seemed
like you know a coherent you know
unfolding or what had happened so I
think the I'm all I'm doing now is using
Facebook and Twitter to present the
evidence to the general public and let
them decipher themselves I don't think I
need much commentary at this stage no
you really don't and I think your
silence on this issue only serves to
help the people who are leveling these
accusations against you if you were
silent there would only be one side of
this story out there and I think your
side of the story is an important one to
tell what are the will the consequences
be if indeed you are found for lack of a
better term guilty of you know sexual
harassment and personal harassment for
daring to present facts that support the
other side of the story in the classroom
it's hard to know for sure because
nothing's actually been stated
explicitly but I think the worst case
scenario would be being fired from the
University and if that's the case I'm
perfectly fine with it I'd be happy to
make a dignified exit because my
self-respect is not for sale so I don't
mind giving up the six-figure salary and
the gold-plated pension because you know
and the nice me know my personal dignity
and self-respect I think comes first I
mean from the perspective of dealing
with my students how can I expect them
to respect me if I don't even respect
myself so I think if anything that would
be the lesson I'd want them to take from
this how can people help you Rick how
can they support you what is there some
mechanism by which we can show support
for your battle for free speech at the
University yeah so what I've done is on
face on my facebook profile which is
what I'm using to commute with a
communicate with the general public more
that than Twitter just because with
Facebook you don't have the character or
limit
so yeah letters to the Dean department
head
VP academic and my designated head so
yeah my designated had put a letter in
my file basically saying that there were
these complaints and these are what I
need to do and so it's not officially a
letter of discipline but the idea is
that if I don't follow what's in that
letter then I can be disciplined so
writing to those four individuals I
think might be a way but ultimately I
think maybe people want to write to the
government because maybe some Outsiders
to start looking at our education system
objectively because I don't think the
problem I think is so deep that if we
can't solve it within the university
system itself anymore this really needs
to be a public outcry with the entire
education system including the
elementary and high schools because
that's where they're now trying to
implement a social justice agenda on to
children and high school students in
place of actual you know curriculum now
yeah you know what that's true they
don't come to you and and suddenly
discover that their censorious social
justice warriors they're created long
before they ever get to the university
system what do you think should happen
to universities who do not uphold the
Charter of Rights and Freedoms for both
the students and the faculty my own
personal opinion and that is a cutting
of funding altogether
the only people only caveat I put for
that is that there be generous severance
packages for the support staff because
they do great job trying to support us
if it wasn't for them I would not be
able to do my job but in terms of
faculty members and administration I
have no qualms about seeing you know
them losing their jobs whatsoever so I
think so I the only one so if you get
seven package are the support staff if
that's my personal opinion
so what's next req what what when do we
know what happens to you when do we know
the outcome when will you see some sort
of resolution one way or the other I'm
as in the dark as you are so I'm just
waiting for events to unfold so I think
having gone to the media has probably I
like to think I'd like to hope
put put a monkey wrench in their plans
so you're gonna be under the public
scrutiny that's what I'm hoping would
happen well and rightfully so I mean
anybody who apparently at Acadia
University needs to know what they're
getting into before they plunk down that
check for tuition Rick I want to keep in
touch with you and with your fight for
free speech on campus please stay in
touch with me so that we can keep
everybody apprised I think this is a
subject that most normal Canadians care
deeply about and I think that the
university underestimates how deeply
people care about this at their own
peril thanks for speaking out please
fight on and again we'll stay in touch
okay my pleasure take care of Sheila
now leftist talk about scientific
biology all the time they say crazy
things like some men have uterus is a
liberal arts student isn't a biologist
but they are certainly allowed to have
and express whatever opinions they want
however wrong those opinions may be but
now those same campus leftists including
those in administration are weaponizing
the official complaints process because
people like Mehta are exercising the
same allegedly government protected
rights they have to opine to muse and to
speak their minds and the leftists are
doing this all in the name of tolerance
and it really doesn't matter if the
complaints are founded because being
dragged through the process well that's
really the punishment and the punishment
won't end there we are all being
punished when you think of it because we
inhibit the growth of society when
schools charge tuition to make sure
people are never taught to think
critically for the rebel media I'm
Sheila Gunn read if you liked that then
you are going to love my weekly
full-length show the gun show where I
have interesting interviews with
interesting people to get access to my
show and the rest of our amazing premium
content
become a rebel subscriber today
you
