I'm pessimistic I think Donald Trump is
was looking to punch China in Mexico but
Justin Trudeau stuck his chin in the way
and we're gonna get punched - yeah yeah
I am a little more optimistic than you
but given the fact that Trudeau is an
unserious person he's an unserious
leader he actually does believe that
simply thinking something or saying
something will make it so that we could
end up in a very bad position with the
United States Army for instance instead
of pursuing a sort of a mutual respect
stand in NAFTA on things like cars and
steel and aluminum he's decided that
he's gonna make the focus of of trade
negotiations gender equity and
indigenous people and labor codes which
you know even the Americans on the on
the bureaucratic side will have none of
like if that's not what they're
interested in it's not what the NAFTA is
for if you want to have those sorts of
policies within your own country once
you sign NAFTA fine they're okay with
that but don't bring that to NAFTA as
though that that's the right place to
discuss it and and so by being an
unserious person who doesn't take who
doesn't understand I I want to make this
very clear it's not that Trudeau doesn't
take trade seriously he doesn't
understand economics period and because
he doesn't understand economics and
because he's an unserious individual we
could easily end up getting hosed that's
an excerpt from my daily TV show the
Ezra Levante show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on youtube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
