the investigation is concluded calgary
sky view MP dark Shann King has been
found to have sexually harassed one of
his female staffers I want him fired and
I need your help to do it a House of
Commons Human Resources investigation
has concluded calgary sky views former
Liberal MP darshan King harassed a
female staff member who worked in his
constituency office King now sits as an
independent MP he resigned from the
Liberal caucus at the end of August 2017
after harassment allegations against him
became public it is important to note
the allegations against King were made
to the federal Liberals in June 2017 so
for at least two full months the
Liberals were aware of these deadly
serious allegations against King but
King didn't resign nor was he asked to
resign until the allegations finally
became public in the media even worse
there's still yet another woman out
there another former staff member that
came forward last fall with accusations
against dharshan King stemming from his
time as a Liberal MLA in Alberta that
woman is claiming that the provincial
liberals didn't follow through on a
sexual harassment investigation despite
the promises to her to do so unreal
these liberals have failed these women
at every opportunity they had let's go
through some of the allegations that led
to the House of Commons investigation
the woman said Kang wood grabbed her
hands she said he patted her on parts of
her body I guess we'll just have to fill
in the blanks but which parts of her
body those were she said Kang was
threatened to fire her if she didn't
take his non-work-related phone calls
after hours
she also said Kang repeatedly kissed her
against her will she said Kang tricked
her into going to his apartment while
she was on a business trip to Ottawa the
woman accused Kang of caressing her
hands and caressing her feet and she
said Kang attempted to remove her jacket
despite her protest
she also said Kang repeatedly tried to
get into the woman's hotel room while on
that same earlier business trip to
Ottawa
she also said Kang offered to pay her
money to keep quiet when she threatened
to come forward about his abusive and
frankly weird behavior the House of
Commons investigators said some
allegations could not be corroborated
due to lack of evidence but others
definitely could be the investigator
found it was improper for Kang to have
physically touched the woman and there
was evidence that inappropriate contact
took place the investigator also found
it was improper for Kang to try to enter
the woman's Ottawa hotel room in June
2017 over her objections and that Kang
should have known his behavior was
offensive and not welcomed by her on the
other hand while there was an offer by
Kang to pay the woman to prevent her
from reporting the harassment it was not
clear to the investigator who initiated
that offer do you know what's even
weirder and even creepier in all of this
the report said that Kang was quote
unaware that any of his behavior or
conduct caused discomfort to the woman
what Kang repeatedly inappropriately
touched her against her will he tried to
get into her hotel room as a woman this
is frightening stuff that's predatory
behavior he was behaving like an animal
the House of Commons investigators
report came to light half a week ago and
yet when the CBC News contacted the
Liberal Party Whip Pablo Rodriguez for
comment about Kang and the conclusion of
the investigation Rodriguez did not even
respond and according to the National
Post Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said
that he would not be commenting on the
case and that the Liberal Party has no
interactions or responsibility over what
Kang's
next steps are and that silence from the
Liberal Party is in stark and revolting
contrast to the morally preening
feminist Justin Trudeau claims to be
Justin Trudeau just issued
budget that said the word gender 359
times in a 369 page document and yet he
doesn't have any comment about the
disgusting behavior this poor woman was
subject to by one of his very own MPs
Justin Trudeau is too busy hiding his
fiscal ineptitude behind my gender to
say something about the victimization of
this woman in Calgary that happened
under his watch and where is Ontario's
premier Kathleen Wynne to speak up for
gangs victimized staffer Wayne was so
quick to support the accusers a former
Ontario PC leader Patrick brown when
unsubstantiated allegations were leveled
against him saying I believe victims
when they come forward and when said she
was shocked to hear the allegations
against Brown where is she right now for
these women she's nowhere
where is Kang's former caucus mate
Environment Minister Catherine McKenna
she has absolutely no problem accusing
anyone who is remotely critical of her
scatterbrained ideas of being a virulent
and toxic sexist where are her words of
support for this former Liberal staffer
I'm very sorry this is how the Liberal
Party of Canada is treating this woman
and that this is how her employer
treated her for so very long
I'm so sorry that she had to work in a
predatory atmosphere every single day
and I'm very sorry the Liberals would
like this all to go away and if it were
up to the mainstream media it would go
away even crazier tank says he's going
to stay on as the MP for Calgary Sky
View he said I have been serving my
constituents to the best of my ability
and I will keep on serving them to the
best of my ability this guy is really
out of his dirty old mind the people of
Calgary Sky View deserve better than
this horrible sideshow of revolting
behavior I'm sure if they had a choice
now they choose differently than Kang
and you know what I won Sky View to have
that choice the most effective calls for
Kang's resignation would be the ones
coming from his own former party and yet
they are saying and doing nothing so I
think it's time for the rest of us to
step up
and put some heat on dark Jean King I
want to fire dark Shan King I want him
to go away in shame and never plague
Alberta politics again and look I know I
can't really really fired our Shan King
there's no mechanism to fire him as an
MP unfortunately that's just how it
works in our parliamentary system yes I
want to fired our Shan King but
unfortunately in reality I need him to
fire himself so I want to put so much
public pressure on him to resign that he
has no choice and I would appreciate the
help of morally outraged liberals to do
this I know those people are out there
somewhere so I have a plan it's a big
plan first things first I have a
petition at fire Kang calm my petition
reads in light of the result of
Parliament's investigation into dharshan
Kang's sexual misconduct
we demand dharshan Kang resigned as MP
immediately I need you to sign that
petition and I need you to share it
because I need as many names on it as
possible because I am going to
personally go to a place we know to be
dangerous to women and that is dharshan
tanks constituency office I'm going to
hand-deliver that petition right to his
face so he knows exactly how many people
want him gone but that's not where my
pressure campaign ends I'm going to rent
a billboard truck and we are going to
have it drive all around Calgary
spreading the news of Kang's
mistreatment of women I want everyone to
know what Darsh and Kang has been found
to have done but I need your help to do
that to these trucks well they aren't
cheap if you can help cover the cost of
the billboard truck to drive around
Calgary to expose Kang you can donate at
fire Kang Calm there is no way that Kang
can effectively represent the good
people of Calgary Sky View doing what
he's done and knowing what we know so
let's get him to fire himself at fire
king.com for the rabble media I'm Shiela
gunnery
an independent investigation has
concluded that Calgary sky views
independent MP darshan Kang sexually
harassed a female staffer I want him
fired I need you to sign my petition go
to fire Kang calm
you
