last week I reported on how police were
called when pro-palestinian protesters
crashed a panel featuring reserve
officers from the Israeli Defense Force
now a Jewish student group at the same
school has gotten denied membership of
minority rights group because of its
association with Israel check it out the
University of Virginia has an
organization called the minority rights
coalition which as you might expect is a
kind of almighty behemoth representing
all of the various marginalized groups
on campus the minority rights coalition
speaks for constituent groups
representing black students Muslims
Asians who are over-represented at UVA
and many other elite colleges Native
Americans queer students feminists and
even latina students which is apparently
the gender-neutral term for Latinos this
is also the same minority rights
coalition whose executive board members
one of whom is the vice chair of
unpacking privilege introduce themselves
with personal pronouns
now the MRC is built around the false
premise that minorities have fewer
rights in modern America and it
encourages fragmentation along the lines
of immutable characteristics but if
there's one thing this group should be
its inclusive right well the MRC
rejected the Jewish leadership councils
application for membership because one
of the Jewish students five groups was
who's for Israel a group which aims to
teach the UVA community about the
culture history and politics of Israel
but the MRC said many students under the
minority rights coalition umbrella
believed at the time that who is for
Israel operated in a way which made
these students feel concerned and
unsettled
oh no we mustn't have students feeling
concerned and unsettled they might
actually encounter new ideas and become
an apostate from Orthodox progressivism
meanwhile the Jewish Leadership Council
said we recognize that the
israel-palestine conflict is complicated
and heavily debated and that it carries
the weight of lived experiences and deep
set emotions for many individuals both
in the Jewish community and in the
communities represented in the MRC we
deeply understand the need for dialogue
surrounding this complex issue but at
the same time we cannot and will not
apologize for our right to support a
Jewish homeland now the MRC is
apparently going to
consider the Jewish Leadership Council
for membership but my question is why
bother if the Cabal of social justice
the social justice theme members had to
tip them off in the first place the
Jewish students initial rejection should
prove to them that the minority rights
coalition is a group concern not with
the marginalization of minorities but
merely with the marginalization of
minorities that hold the correct
opinions for campus unmasked I'm Rob
sham Shaw if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
