you might remember last year we took up
the case of John Alabi John's a
hard-working immigrant from Nigeria a
Christian man who came to Canada to live
the Canadian dream he worked so hard
two jobs he made a life for himself and
his family he even became a bit of a
businessman he bought a property and he
became a landlord what a good egg but
John's tenants were Muslim supremacists
and one day they told John that he had
to take off his shoes when coming onto
his property as if their apartment was a
mosque or something and if he didn't it
was Islamophobia they literally took him
to the Ontario Human Rights Tribunal
claiming he discriminated against them
and they won $12,000 so we offered to
crowdfund that fine for John but you our
viewers had a better idea let's pay for
John's lawyer to appeal the case I met
with John to talk with him about how his
appeal is going and to give him a check
the second one we've given to him so far
here take a look at our meeting well
last year we told you about the
troubling story of the man sitting next
to me John a lab' he's an immigrant to
Canada who over the last two decades has
worked very hard and worked on US jobs
and made something of himself and he
became a landlord and he rented out a
housing unit to a Muslim family who one
day when John came in the house and
didn't take his shoes off they took him
to the Human Rights Commission of
Ontario complaining about religious
discrimination if you can believe it
well if that's not crazy enough the
Muslim family won and won twelve
thousand dollars in penalties against
John when we heard about this story we
asked our viewers to help John by paying
the fine but our viewers said no we want
to help pay to appeal this decision and
John agreed and so we paid a two
thousand dollar check to John's lawyers
a few months ago and I'm very pleased to
say on behalf of our viewers I have in
my hand a check for six thousand three
hundred and twenty five dollars and
seventy cents which is the next legal
bill we've received and John on behalf
of our viewers here is the check to pay
your legal bill thank you for showing
the courage
to fight I appreciate that thank you
you're welcome
I don't you you're you're a little bit
shy so I don't want you to feel any
stress but if you want to say a word to
the donors it's our viewers who are
chipping in and will continue to be
there for you yes I'll have some I need
to say some few things here first of all
I is a big shame that I am one of the
two African to bring the same religious
extremist issue amongst many that toggle
has slowed down the development of
Africa into this great nation Canada
and to the Human Rights Tribunal my
question trees would do you help and
sometimes we say will you help now to
everybody out there has been helping has
been there for me and especially you
guys thank you so much I appreciate your
effort and I'm humbled by your
generosity or spirit and your compassion
for your human being it is all of you
who so generously give your want your
email and your caring it is all of you
do what you do would make my bread or
took my breath away thank you from the
bottom of my heart
may your success be many and your
trouble be fill may you continue in a
penis and hurt on a cause that is true
thank you for being an instrument of
inspiration to me and take thank you for
giving me the hope to continue to fight
this and I hope it will help everybody
not just for me we are just gonna make
sure that this does not happen to any
other person in this country again thank
you so much well John on behalf of our
viewers we thank you you have been under
tremendous stress I know you lost a
family member during the course of this
and that has a had a to your
the easy way out would have just been to
walk away or pay but you should
encourage on behalf of all of us to
stand up and fight and the least we can
do is what we like to do which is to
crowdfund the legal bills you had told
me earlier that if the hearing has yet
yet to happen so this is just for your
lawyers there preparatory work when the
hearing happens when the appeal happens
please let us know let us know how it
goes when I hope you'll win but we'll be
there for you we think it's very
unfortunate that a hard-working
immigrant who has made such a success of
yourself has been struck down by the
human rights commission on such a
spurious case so we're standing with you
thank you so much I appreciate okay good
luck John all right
thank you thank you everybody that's
John a Lobby what a gentle man he was so
shy but it was very touching and I think
the money were giving him not only is
paying his legal fees but I think it's
making him feel better
morally to know that Canadians support
him and that he's not alone as he fights
against the insane human rights
commission we've already paid more than
eight thousand dollars in his legal fees
and the appeal hasn't actually been
heard yet I'm sure there will be another
five or ten thousand dollars in fees
that's just how expensive these things
are that's how it goes but after meeting
John I just really feel like we have to
be there for him don't you if you
haven't contributed yet please visit
help John dot CA I think we're gonna
need at least five thousand dollars more
for his appeal and I want to be able to
cover that for him please go to help
John dot CA help John a lobby appeal
this outrageous human rights decision
against him go to help John dot CA
you
