you remember how last week Jaspal at
wall the convicted attempted murderer
was inexplicably invited to attend a
fancy dinner with Justin Trudeau while
he was in India how could such a
security breach ever occur
well according to Justin there were
rogue elements within the Indian
government that orchestrated this whole
caper they invited out well just to make
true don't look bad yeah that's the
ticket and if you believe that one folks
I have a bridge I'd like to sell you
that's located in a certain New York
borough now with more on the PM's
outrageous conspiracy theory I am joined
now by a rebel commander Ezra Levin
welcome once again to rebel roundup as
around here thank you
fantastic well you know as our just when
you think you've heard everything just
when you thought just it's India trip it
couldn't be any more disastrous we end
up with this the whole idea that there
were these rogue elements in India that
were responsible for at walls invite I
mean this theory is or was so wacky that
with the exception of the CBC as you
noted in your commentary they the rest
of the media party wasn't even reporting
this that speaks volumes doesn't it yeah
and it was an absurd thing to say at all
to blame the host country for a guest
you invited in your entourage to visit
the host country that it was such a
stretch to begin with but then it also
contradicted other excuses and alibis
the Liberals had like oh it was all this
backbench MP named Randeep suraíh it's
all on him that excuse doesn't work
either on its own because everyone knows
you can't just have backbench MP s don't
give instructions to the Department of
Foreign Affairs as to who to invite on a
prime minister's entourage it that
doesn't it was incredible but you got to
pick a lane here are you blaming your
backbench MP from BC by the way it's a
little bit racist don't you think for
Justin Trudeau to blame a secret MP like
why are you putting the blame on him at
but even that no one would believe that
Trudeau and the PMO didn't
get the list but how can you blame a
backbench MP named Randeep suraíh and
blame rogue elements in India are you
saying that your backbench MP is a rogue
Indian government plant or suddenly it's
it's it's such a dumb conspiracy theory
that immediately falls apart on scrutiny
and I think the journalists finally have
found their breaking point they'll put
up with a lot from Trudeau they'll do
100 stories on his socks they'll talk
about how dreamy he is and what a
wonderful feminists he is but I mean
they'll put up with a lot from Trudeau
but to be asked to swallow this complex
and internally contradictory barrage of
lies I think they found their rock
bottom of what they just could not abide
anymore and the scrum that they put to
Ralph Goodale yesterday and the tough
questions they starting to ask shows
they're done being treated as fools hey
that was an excerpt from my show rebel
roundup where we discussed the week's
top stories with your favorite rebels to
see my show and more sign up to become a
Premium Member today
you
