the story is incredible but I must also
say that's the first time I've ever seen
journalists ask the Liberal government a
tough question since Justin Trudeau
became Prime Minister it's a good point
as I was I was thinking the same thing
you're good for those journalists for
actually raising this question because
all week in the House of Commons there's
been this apparent contradiction the
Trudeau government is both blaming a
conspiracy of Rogal political actors in
India for the invitation to the
terrorists but also their own MP has
taken responsibility he's resigned from
some honorary caucus chair that he had
so how are these two things both true at
the same time and it was good to see
that the media was asking this question
and you know Ralph Goodale is painful
lack of explanation and lack of a you
know concrete answer is just so telling
of the the mess that the Prime
Minister's office in Trudeau has created
out of this scandal yeah you know I
don't have a lot of time for Ralph
Goodale I think he's been a disaster on
the open borders immigration file for
example but I think he has a certain
level of integrity he's there are some
things he just won't say and he was
asked impossible questions and I know it
looked like he was just a fog machine I
know it looked really awful but in a way
and I'm being sympathetic here Candace
in a way it's because he just couldn't
say something even crazier so he said oh
I can't talk about that it's operation
like it was all bs
but in a way it's because he just didn't
want to jump into the jump into the
insane conspiracy theory any deeper I I
sound like I'm defending the guy in a
way I feel bad for him because he surely
didn't cook up this cockamamie
explanation and now for four or five
minutes he was pressed to explain it oh
man and then for Randeep Sarai to walk
free
yeah I mean that that was an impossible
coincidence incredible I mean what do
you think is gonna happen I think these
journalists have a little bit of taste
of blood in their mouths and I don't
think they're gonna stop asking about
him you're right I mean yeah there's so
much to unpack there I mean it was such
a coincidence or
maybe that Randeep sir I just happened
to be showing up and jumping in the same
elevator with Ralph Goodell after a
Ralph's goodie but Goodell basically
just refused to categorically say no
this MP is not a suspect of our
investigation you do feel bad for
someone like Ralph Goodell has been
around for so long and you know it also
raises the issue of how many you know
career respected people in the Trudeau
inner circle that are getting thrown
under the bus and just completely
embarrassed over this scandal I mean
Ezra the whole conspiracy originated
with a civil servant who is supposed to
be nonpartisan an individual named
Danielle Jean who is the top national
security adviser to Justin Trudeau who
was the one that PMO put up to doing
this whole conspiracy and so his
reputation has been incredibly harmed
then Trudeau doubled down on it in the
House of Commons and turned it into you
know an even even more speculation in a
bigger scandal and now his poor Public
Safety Minister is having to try to
explain something that basically we all
know that it's a lie we they got caught
in a lie very early and now they're just
digging deeper and deeper trying to
grasp at straws and and and come up with
an explanation when everyone knows it's
so plain that that this was a lie that
was pushed out by Trudeau's prime
minister's office yeah that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levante
show normally it's behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube if you want to
subscribe to watch the daily show every
day including always two interviews
today and I read my hate mail just click
on this screen and become a Premium
Member
you
