sanctuary city mayors should be arrested
for the simple fact that they're
encouraging the breaking of federal law
but the mayor of Oakland California has
now gone a step further and put the
lives of law enforcement officers in
grave danger White House press secretary
Sarah Sanders is saying that far left
Oakland California mayor Libby Schaaf is
under Department of Justice
investigation for notifying illegal
aliens about raids by Immigration and
Customs Enforcement a division of the
Department of Homeland Security now
shafts office is denying that and the
local US Attorney's Office up there in
Northern California will not comment but
that's common the Department of Justice
the FBI typically don't comment on open
investigations this is incredibly
dangerous stuff because it appears that
Schaaf notified illegal aliens about
pending Ice rates that is deadly there
are very very violent gangs very violent
criminal gangs up in the Oakland area
the certain sure√±os done art in yosemite
n-- ama the mexican mafia
these men are killers these women are
killers they will shoot you in your
sleep they will chop you up with a
machete and they will not think twice
about killing law enforcement officers
now the I'm gonna read you some comments
from Tom Holman who I think is
absolutely outstanding he's the acting
director of ice he should be the
permanent director Tom Holman said quote
the Oakland mayor's decision to
publicize her suspicions about ice
operations further increased that risk
for my officers and alerted criminal
aliens making clear that this reckless
decision was based on her political
agenda with the very federal laws that
ice is sworn uphold is from the Los
Angeles Times
I can't stress how deadly mayor shafts
behavior is
humm Homan goes on to say he said this
on Fox & Friends and I could not agree
with him more Tom home in the acting
director of ice whoa what she did is no
better than a gang look out yelling
police when a police cruiser comes in
the neighborhood except she did it to a
whole community this is beyond the pale
and when I was on the street in the
Bronx that's exactly with the lookouts
for the drug and robbery gangs would do
they were the eeo 500 they would ETL 504
the cops where they would say they would
go to make a siren sound and that's how
they would alert the other criminals on
the street that we were coming typically
it was the latter it was that siren
sound I sound kind of silly doing it
myself so I'm not gonna do it again but
this is this he's exactly right Holman
is exactly right
what the Oakland mayor is doing is akin
to being a gang look out for criminals a
mayor someone who sworn a Bible although
it's the Oakland Mayor so who knows what
she swore on could have been a blank
piece of paper who's someone who swore
an oath to uphold protect and defend the
laws of her city her state and the
United States of America and she has
violated pretty much every letter of
that oath now it's encouraging the
Department of Justice is allegedly
acting but I have very little faith that
Attorney General Jeff Sessions he talks
a good game but I see very little action
coming from the AG if you watched the
show if you follow me on social media
you know that I am long past giving Jeff
Sessions a pass I think that it's time
to remove Jeff Sessions I think he's an
honorable man I think it's a good man I
just don't think he has the fight in him
required to drain the swamp at DOJ and
FBI and to fight the swamp in DC that
has corrupted our entire process but I'm
encouraged by the fact the White House
is saying that Oakland Mayor Libby
Schaaf is under DOJ investigation for
alerting illegal aliens to ice raids
because DOJ will their report to the
president they're an executive-level
agency and if the president wants the
Department of Justice to investigate
something he just orders them to
investigate it that is not obstruction
of justice
he is the chief law enforcement officer
in this nation the president is that
only the commander-in-chief of our armed
forces he's the chief executive of
nation law enforcement in this nation as
an executive function he is the chief
law enforcement officer as well and he
can constitutionally unlegal e order the
Department of Justice to investigate the
Oakland mayor to arrest illegal aliens
and pretty much to do whatever else he
wants them to do within the confines and
scope of the Constitution and the United
States Code
these obstruction of justice narratives
are nonsense but one thing is for sure
if it has proven beyond a reasonable
doubt that Oakland California mayor
Libby Schaaf alerted criminals many of
them gang members who federal agents
coming to deport them because they were
here illegally and she put the lives of
those federal agents and local police
officers on task forces at risk an
Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf needs to be
arrested prosecuted and spent time in
federal prison and I'm gonna be going
much deeper into the statutes that she
may have violated and just how dangerous
these criminal gangs are on my longer
show off-the-cuff Declassified right
here on the rebel it's gonna be very
interesting tune in this is really
important content where we're getting to
the bottom of many many troubling things
the left is doing here in America and I
want to keep bringing it to you so
please subscribe to our premium service
at www.mediaed.org to day is a big day
that is a very big day we have a
Jumbotron truck sitting in front of the
Broward County Sheriff's Office and then
driving through very populated areas of
Broward County highlighting all of Scott
Israel scandals and calling for the
firing the removal of sheriff Scott
Israel by Governor Rick Scott Florida
Governor Rick Scott so again please go
to www.irs.gov and sign our petition
that I will bring to Governor Rick Scott
also go to the App Store check out the
rebel app great way to get all of our
content and as always thank you so much
for watching you have a great weekend
I'll be back with you on Monday
you
