the expropriation without compensation
law like they couldn't be more blunt
they're not hiding what they're doing
they're out to take land away from
people without giving them any money
right well that is exactly what passed
Parliament it's not in effect yet they
decided to refer it to a committee or a
constitutional review but they'll have
to change the constitution of South
Africa which has a property rights
clause and that property rights Clause
provides that you can only take property
or the government can only take property
from people with compensation that
approximates the kind of rule we have in
the United States with eminent domain
and I'm sure in Canada as well but land
is a very emotive issue in South Africa
because it was one of the symbols of
racial discrimination and racial
dispossession and 100 years ago
the South African government essentially
reserved something like 87% of the land
for whites and left 13% for blacks and
blacks were and are the majority
population so there was a lot of
resentment over that building up over
the years
and there's been a lot of pressure on
successive governments over the last 25
years end of apartheid to do something
about it well they have redistributed
some land the main problem is that their
principal is willing buyer willing
seller a basic market principle and
while there are some willing sellers
there aren't enough willing buyers turns
out black South Africans although
they're very upset about the land
inequality a don't particularly want to
farm and so there's not a lot of
interest in buying farmland the
government also doesn't have a lot of
interest or isn't showing a lot of
interest in supporting black farmers
when they do decide to farm
so you've basically had this standstill
and a lot of the land that's been
redistributed redistributed from white
farmers primarily has gone to the state
rather than to black farmers what South
Africa's wanted to avoid is a Zimbabwe
style situation where the president or
the government decides to
take land from white farmers to
redistribute it to black people of
course the people who suffer most then
are black people not just because there
are large numbers of black farmworkers
but also because that tends to affect
the country's food security the
commercial agricultural sent sector of
the South African economy is huge
predominantly white and produces the
country's food and exports food by the
way but that will quickly change if they
start seizing those lands and giving
them to people with no real history in
farming at least commercial farming and
that's what happened in Zimbabwe so
there's there are huge problems with
this it sends a terrible signal to
investors right when scilab it look like
it might have a chance to turn the
corner replacing Jacob Zuma with the
former businessman and labor organizer
Cyril Ramaphosa who was thought to be a
reformist president but now has thrown
his weight behind this land without
export data with sorry expropriation
without compensation and it's just
tragic for South Africans because this
was a huge chance this new transition
the new president was a huge chance for
them to turn things around and they
appear to be blowing it that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
