I always look forward to talking about
ideas I was disappointed that we didn't
get to talk about as many ideas as I'd
hoped
and just like to say that contrary to
what Doug Ford may think it is possible
to have a successful career and and
raise children and there are a lot of
women across this province who are doing
that every day happy to take any
questions hi Caroline I'm just curious
is Waleed Solomon a part of your team no
well it is not part of my team okay even
though you're your father of course is a
partner at the same law firm as well
lead Solomon is that correct
correct and mr. Solomon has been very
vocal in the past about his love for
Sharia financing I'm curious if you
support that kind of initiative and also
if you can enlighten us why your father
wrote a letter to The Globe and Mail
some years back where he was actually
praising Saudi Arabia as our friends and
allies I
well lead Solomon and my father work at
the same law firm and they're both
partners there I have no comments on any
letters that and either of them have
written and I'm happy to talk about
ideas that are before me is a leadership
candidate for the PC Party of Ontario
familiar with that letter that was
published in The Globe and Mail by your
father they're praising Saudi Arabia a
country where you potentially the
Premier of Ontario wouldn't be allowed
to drive a car or vote or go outside
without a male chaperone
my father has and a lot of people are
doing a lot of great business with Saudi
Arabia I have no comments to make
further I did not read that letter and
so I have no other comments okay what do
you make of this
call by Doug Ford about to reopening
your nomination in New York Simcoe III
don't know what Doug Ford was talking
about I'd there are a lot of things that
he said tonight that I wasn't sure what
he was talking about I had an open
nomination and I've been campaigning
ever since then he seemed to be making
some sort of allegation that there was a
deal did you make any sort of a deal to
get an uncontested nomination I
absolutely had an open nomination and I
ran put my name forward there were I was
uh there was no deals made and it was a
clear and open nomination so there was
nobody was there anyone discouraged from
seeking the nomination against you
because you ended up you ended up being
acclaimed if I'm correct did do you know
of any other candidate who wanted the
nomination in York Simcoe that was
discouraged from running no one was
discouraged from running as far as I
know I met a number of people who were
interested in doing and being part of
the ride and being part of the riding
and I'm happy to have their support
there wasn't I don't know of anyone who
was discouraged
my children are in school and it's a
choice that my husband and I have made
that to send them to the schools that
we've we've decided they are learned
they are following the Ontario
curriculum just as other children are
and I decided I made the I said I wasn't
going to over reopen the curriculum
there in private school as parents my
husband and I did want to make the best
choice that we can and it is up to every
family to make the choice that they want
in terms of how to educate their family
why did you choose a why did you choose
private schools over public schools lots
of people couldn't afford to make that
choice you can you made the choice you
did what is the benefit of the private
education over the public we we made the
best choice that we could for our family
and that's all I'll say about that a
separate question sir thank you very
much these are supposed to be 10 minutes
long you've only been here for four
you
