the average corporate tax rate was
thirty eight point nine percent that's
pretty high actually isn't it in Canada
it was twenty six point seven percent we
had a 12-point advantage well Trump took
a chainsaw to that now the average US
corporate tax rate is just twenty four
point nine percent lower than Canada's
no wonder their stock market is so
juiced
no wonder companies are expanding
building factories we talked about this
the other day Apple the giant computer
manufacturer it's so excited it's
bringing back a quarter of a trillion
dollars in cash that it's been holding
overseas it actually is paying a thirty
eight billion dollar repatriation tax
for the pleasure of bringing back two
hundred and fifty billion dollars more
because it's good to do business in
America again don't take it from me
don't take it from any Republican take
it from Tim Cook the left-wing CEO of
Apple who at least knows how to count
it's not just the tax has been cut in
the state's so has regulatory red tape
so has the war on the energy industry I
see over here
Trump digs coal look at that jump digs
go that's true that's true I do they're
actually opening up new coal lines in
America their fracking up a storm
they're drilling up a storm look at this
story from just last week I'm so jealous
look at this headline US oil exports go
up a gear as super tankers set sail for
China and then the little sub headline
Saudi flag to tanker loads oil in
Louisiana and heads to Asia that was
supposed to be us that was supposed to
be Canada but Justin Trudeau canceled
the Northern Gateway oil pipeline that
it actually already been approved by the
National Energy Board and he caused the
energy East pipeline to be canceled by
changing the rules on that company
halfway the u.s. is eating our lunch
that was supposed to be our selling oil
to China oh and the u.s. is about to
cancel NAFTA on us too what do you think
that's going to do to our stock market
to our growth rate
to our unemployment last month as you
know was the worst month in Canadian
history in terms of the number of
part-time jobs that were lost as Ontario
Alberta and BC jacked up the minimum
wage and add to that the carbon tax hike
and electricity hikes I gotta say
Canada's economy is in trouble I truly
believe that but Trudeau's budget it was
silent on all that it was as if none of
this is happening as if Trump isn't
actually creating an industrial
Renaissance as if Trump didn't cut his
taxes and regulations I mean I know it's
hard to believe the idea of factories
coming back to America that's contrary
to everything we've ever heard for a
generation but it's happening except for
in Trudeau's mind instead we got a
budget about feminism and global warming
I'm dead serious that's an excerpt from
my daily TV show the Azrael avance show
no one leaves behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews a day
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
