did you see what Sky News did to tommy
robinson last week they interviewed them
and then they edited the clip
unethically to make it look like he said
something that he didn't and then they
put their live their fake news right in
their headline here's what Tommy
actually said this was filmed by Tommy's
friend who was standing there in the
studio with him they were talking about
how to teach young kids to be street
smart not to be caught by these child
rape gangs watch for 30 seconds now if
you go to Holland they actually created
a educational video to be shown in
schools to warn children about these
crimes
when they tried to show that in Britain
in 2007 the British establishment would
not allow that video to be shown because
like you just go or incite racial hatred
so because of people with it's gonna go
inside so then the site fears it's just
suggest that when you also know that
there are I like the group in Bristol
white pedophiles
I don't care if it incites fear so long
as it educates the children and prevents
them being right so Tommy says he's not
concerned if that Dutch movie designed
to scare young girls away from sex
traffickers
you know scares him he's not afraid of
that that's heard of the point of the
movie but here's what Sky News actually
broadcast but I put it to him that as
with terrorism his opinions on grooming
gangs risks demonizing an entire
community I don't care if it incites
fear so long as it educates the children
and prevents them being raped okay do
you really want to leave this in tune
with the thought that you're happy to
instill fear of a community of 3.8
million people did you see that they cut
and pasted two different comments by
Tommy together and they deleted the part
about the Dutch film and look at their
headline they say Tommy Robinson I don't
care if I incite fear of Muslims but he
didn't say that his mouth did not make
those words he said he didn't care if
the Dutch educational film to scare
girls scared girl
listen again I don't care if it incites
fear so long as it eights the children
and prevents them being right tom is
talking about the video he says twice
the word it not I and it is talking
about the film but look at that headline
just made-up fake news and that live
from Sky News spread everywhere here it
is for example in the massive Sun
newspaper in the UK here it is in the
massive state broadcaster of Russia
called RT that lie spread around the
world and let me tell you this when I
went to Tommy's court hearing last week
there were eight journalists just like
this liar from Sky News who were in
court that day eight of them and I saw
them take notes and I saw them talk to
Tommy afterwards and I saw Tommy do his
best to give them the facts and Tommy
even gave all of them his personal cell
phone number I couldn't believe it
and then those fake news journalists
walked right out of court and stabbed
him in the back and smeared him they
even took a run at me because I was the
one journalist in the room that was
covering things factually without
smearing Tommy they hated the fact that
I was there because if I wasn't there
they could have totally controlled all
the information and they could have
gotten away with it because there a
little clink a little Club loyal to each
other not loyal to their readers that's
what bothered me the most about last
week I can see right now that whatever
happens in Tommy's case the UK media
will lie about it just like they've lied
about Tommy before frankly I don't even
know why Tommy sat down with that jackal
from Sky News right when Tommy got out
of prison he told that same Sky News
reporter he had nothing to say to
remember this got any regrets in August
this year he didn't want to talk to me
why would I have anything to say to you
all you to his life yeah Tommy's first
instinct was the right one with Sky News
don't you think so what should we do
he got eight British fake news reporters
in the court they positively want Tommy
put away they want him back in prison
now I was there in court and I'm going
to keep going to court and I'm gonna
keep telling the truth but look I'm just
one guy and I'm based here in Canada
it's eight against one and they have
Theresa Mayes massive state broadcaster
the BBC on their side as a giant
megaphone how on earth can we
to that well last week I managed to
persuade my friend Gavin McInnes one of
the founders of Vice magazine who worked
at the rebel for a few years and now he
works at a US media company called CR T
V I managed to convince him to come to
London to cover Tommy's case and he did
and he brought the story back to his
audience in America and it was good but
that's just one guy and I'm not a
hundred percent sure that Gavin's gonna
be able to come back for the next trial
date which is tentatively scheduled for
October 23rd now I'm going back but is
it gonna be eight against one again in
terms of the number of journalists there
well then I thought well why don't I
bring a whole bunch of real reporters
with me not just me and Gavin what if I
brought one two three four five other
journalists to the UK from a variety of
different news media from Canada from
the United States maybe from other
countries too why not real reporters not
the fake news like Sky News in the BBC I
mean we could crowdfund it right that's
how I've gone over four times now what
if we crowdfunded a whole alternative
press corps to come over now ask Tommy
about this and he thought it was a great
idea
he was really glad Gavin came over I
think he likes the personal support of
course but mainly Tommy needs to get the
word out and it can't just be me all the
time I like doing my part but what if we
had a half dozen guys and gals doing
what I'm doing also so that's the plan I
have contacted half a dozen real
reporters and said look if we can crowd
fund a cheap economy-class
plane ticket for you to get to London
plus put you in a three-star Hotel for
two nights plus give you cab fare plus a
hundred pounds spending money just for
incidentals would you come to the court
hearing and would you do a report on
Tommy I wouldn't have any involvement in
writing or editing their reports I
wouldn't tell them what to say
I wouldn't look at their work or
interfere in any way they would still
work for their regular editors and
producers all I'm doing with your help
is taking away the barrier of the travel
costs it's probably about 1,500 pounds
per person let's call it $2,000 per
person depending on where they're coming
in from
folks are coming from California some
from Washington DC some from the other
London London Ontario Canada here's
who's agreed to come so far if you and I
can crowd fund them Cassandra Fairbanks
of the gateway Panda calm it's a
Washington dc-based news organization
that gets a whopping 15 million views a
month it's incredible Cassandra is their
key Capitol Hill correspondent I'm
really excited that they're gonna cover
the Tommie Robinson story I think
cassandra has a keen eye and she's used
to covering cases of government
corruption and cover up so there's
Cassandra from Washington DC and then
from London Ontario an accomplished
journalist named Andrew Lawton he's done
a tall newspaper columns a popular radio
talk show in his City where he
interviewed everyone from the Prime
Minister on down lots of common sense
very fair minded guy total straight
shooter so he's coming to and Candice
Malcolm I worked with her back when I
was on the Sun News Network TV station
she's gone on to become not just a great
journalist but she is also broken huge
international news groups like Justin
Trudeau bringing a terrorist named jazz
Paul outlaw with him on his trip to
India this year so international news
scoops she's a published author she's
the founder of the True North initiative
very thoughtful very smart she's coming
to and what can I say about my friend
Tarek FATA unbelievably successful
journalist thinker newspaper columnist
best-selling author of various books and
it's not just in Canada and the US he
lives in Canada but he is a huge huge
star in India I want to show you 20
seconds from his TV series on Zee TV
huge TV station in India the show is
called Fattah cough at WAP
it's an all Muslim show where he as a
progressive Muslim radicals because it's
in a foreign language
aapke saamne maybe pity about embarking
into a tropical a captain piranha dica
now I have no idea what they were saying
but the Imams in the hats were very mad
at him so I get the feeling he was doing
a good job and tens of millions of
people in India watch that series for a
whole year because Tareq was the first
guy to speak truth to power and he knew
the Koran better than the Imams did he's
like Tommy that way I guess so that's
our crew Cassandra Fairbanks
Andrew Lawton Candice Malcolm tarik
Fattah and I'm speaking with two other
reporters right now who are just working
with their editors to confirm that
they're able to come on these terms I'll
announce them when I can now these
journalists are all very different
people different cities different media
even different languages although tarik
mainly does journalism in English but
they all have one thing in common they
tell the truth and so when Tommy goes
back to court on October 23rd which is
tentatively scheduled for that day I
want to bring these reporters with me
and and more reporters if we can crowd
fund and now funds to the court to
report as a counterweight to the snobs
from the BBC in The Guardian and Sky
News who just lie about Tommy I'm not
going to interfere with our journalists
in any way I trust their honesty I'll
just cover their travel and Tareq tells
me he'll already be in Europe then so
for him we just need to cover his hotel
in London so what do you think
do you think if we brought a half-dozen
journalists to counter the eight British
fake news journalists do you think it
might look like something out of the
movie anchorman you're gonna have a
fight and don't forget channel 2 news me
leave that picture you dirtbags have
been in third place for five years yeah
we're about to be in place I'm just
kidding
there won't be any fisticuffs just real
journalism for the first time covering
Tommy
so we'll win the fight for truth so what
do you think I say it's time we bring
some real journalists to London because
the local reporters are fake people tell
me that my own journalism has made a
difference and I'm glad to hear it and
Gavin McInnes came last time too but
let's get serious now let's bring half a
dozen fair-minded reporters next time
please help me cover their economy class
travel by going to real reporters dot UK
that's what we're doing no state
broadcasters like the BBC no character
assassins like Sky News just five or six
young professional honest journalists
who will tell it like it is and all I'm
doing is buying them the cheapest travel
to get there I think that's gonna cost
about ten thousand dollars so if you
could help me I'd be grateful and I know
Tommy would be grateful too please visit
real reporters dot UK and he'll give me
some reinforcements we're crowdfunding a
half dozen honest journalists to fly in
for Tommy Robinson's next hearing
tentatively scheduled for October 23rd I
think it's really important please help
cover their cheap flights if you can at
real reporters dot UK
you
