I'm very disappointed a member of
Congress who I really supported and told
people to vote for I'm gonna tell you
who it is representative Brian mast from
right here in Florida has disappointed
me has disappointed me very very much
see before he ran for office I was one
of the first radio hosts I had my radio
shows down in South Florida I was one of
the first radio hosts a put
representative mast on air then Kennedy
Brian mast on air I first had him on my
show when he was running in the primary
I thought he was an exceptional
candidate he gave so much for this
nation if you're not familiar with
representative Brian mast he lost both
of his legs and part of his hand in an
explosion while deployed in the war on
terror he was a bomb disposal tech an
EOD tech with our Special Operations
community the man is an American Hero
throwing through a really nice guy he
had brought his wife and young kids to
the studio wonderful wonderful family
good good people a great American
but I was most impressed by respected
and I still respect eminently respect
his service but I was most impressed
with what a sharp guy he was what a
likeable guy he was smart aware strong
command of every issues passionate about
veterans issues because he himself was a
disabled veteran is a disabled veteran
and so I had him in my studio I was so
impressed
I kept inviting him back on and inviting
him back on my shows and then I started
getting active because I work with
candidates who I think are very very
good for this nation I encouraged
everyone I knew who lived in his
district to vote for him I continued to
have him on air I would see him at
events I would introduce him to people
and vice versa
I would meet people that he was
interacting with and I would say nothing
but great things about Representative
mast so imagine my surprise in
disappointment when I see him sitting on
television next to our left
Representative ted deutsch who has been
lying to his constituents and i'm one of
representative ted deutsches
constituents in florida's twenty second
congressional district about ar-15s
being illegal before 2004 that wasn't
true
the 1994 to 2004 assault weapons banned
didn't ban guns it simply banned minor
accessories cosmetic accessories on the
guns things to make them that made them
to Democrats and progressives more scary
they thought by eliminating these little
accoutrements that the guns would be
less scary-looking functionally they
were identical and there was no more or
less crime under this bill than there's
ever been
crime saw a steady decline in the United
States on the whole even after the
assault weapons ban sunset in 20 2004 in
other words it naturally expired in 2004
representative Brian masse did something
last week that really really disturbed
me he wrote an op-ed in The New York
Times in which he said I'm a Republican
I appreciate assault weapons and I
support a ban he didn't double down
yesterday or today in the Palm Beach
Post saying I'm gonna talk to the
president about an assault weapons ban
but he went further
he compared semi-automatic ar-15s 284
rocket launchers an Abrams tanks things
we don't see the farthest left Democrats
we don't see people like Adam Schiff and
Maxine Waters do
now while representative mast is
outstanding on veterans issues he's been
conservative somewhat on other issues a
low conservative review gives him less
than stellar ratings he only has a 56%
conservative voting record I believe he
was approaching a D or an F rating with
them he's become very disappointing to
me I don't know if I can
enthusiastically support him again now
if he's only running against the D that
I'm going to support him I still want
Republicans in seats we talked about
this yesterday because it's important
for our number account to be greater
than Democrats so we retained leadership
not so much in Brian masks case to
confirm nominees that's the job of the
Senate but in the house we want to keep
leadership we want to keep control of
the committee's we want to keep control
of the speaker's chair the whips chair
the we want to keep control of the
ability to let bills see the light of
day on the floor we don't want to be in
a defensive position we want to be on
offense but if representative Brian mast
is primary dear in Florida and his
primary challenger is a rock-solid
conservative well from what I'm seeing
and hearing from Republican voters in
the state especially in his district
he's going to have a challenge and he's
going to have a problem
and I'm gonna be going much deeper into
the issues representative Brian mast on
my longer one-hour show off-the-cuff
Declassified right here on the rebel I'm
also gonna be talking to a former
Clinton White House appointee and cam
Edwards the host of NRA news cam and
company about this very issue you're not
gonna want to miss it
if you like the segment please subscribe
to our premium service at www forward
slash shows we already subscribers thank
you very very much don't forget to go to
our URL WWWF our Scott Israel comm and
sign our petition we want the Broward
County Sheriff Scott Israel fired for
incompetence dereliction of duty
malfeasance and simply being unfit to
lead command or serve also don't forget
to go to your App Store and check out
the rebel app it is a great fast
efficient way to get all of our awesome
content as always thanks so much for
watching I'll be back with you tomorrow
you
