quebec nationalism was part of the tax
message now it's true logo is also a
fiscal conservative who says his
long-term goal is to make the province
strong enough that it no longer needs to
take equalization payments from other
parts of Canada like Albert BC
Saskatchewan now that sounds like it
should be an obvious goal for anyone but
no previous Quebec leader has said that
I find that encouraging they want to
Quebec to stand on its own two feet
economically Legault is also much more
moderate on environmentalism he's not
part of the cult like Trudeau and many
other liberals and then Democrats are
especially in Quebec but I think and I
acknowledge it's hard for me an Anglo in
Toronto to detected authentically in
French Quebec but I think that LEGOs
nationalism was a central reason he won
that's my theory let me know if you
think I'm wrong I'm gonna give you some
proof of the importance it had in his
campaign in a moment but the populist
nationalism the ethnic Democrat appeal
it's also in discussion in Europe right
and to a degree in America right that's
the salient characteristic politics in
Hungary today and Poland today right and
it animates much of the discussion in
france's opposition the front Nationale
playing with marine lepen
isn't that really what Quebec's
nationalist movement has been saying and
doing for 50 years a sort of ethnic
nationalism populism democracy isn't
that what Pierre Alain actually means
isn't that what distinct society status
means isn't that what sovereignty
Association means those are just cold
words for the same thing isn't it
when our Supreme Court of Canada has
three out of nine positions for judges
set aside just for Quebecers when French
alone is an official language in Canada
including in parts like BC where French
is probably language number 10 spoken
when French is a requirement for any
senior federal government public service
position or even RCMP or even in the
military
that's effectively a cultural
affirmative action program for a
particular French ethnicity is that
isn't that really with the whole two
founding nations businesses going back
to the Constitution having special
ethnic set asides for French Catholic
schools I mean in a way is there part of
the whole national compromise dating
back to the British victory had the
Battle of Plains of Abraham you know two
hundred fifty years ago I think what
Francois logo was saying I think is that
being a Quebecker means something more
than just a geographical address it's
not just the nearest place to New York
States where tens of thousands of
illegal migrants can just walk across
the border and poof be Quebecers it has
to have some essence and some meaning
being a Quebecer it's not just a refugee
camp for Trudeau's political ambitions I
mean Trudeau himself says there's
something ethnically special about being
a Quebec remember this Quebecers are
better than the rest of Canada because
he'll for Quebecers better than the rest
of Canada well I think a lot of
Quebecers think that too and then he
told them that they have no place in
Quebec if they think that - or even if
they think that they have some value for
being French in Quebec I think let go is
actually pretty mild I think would go
would it say anything the Trudeau just
said there about Quebecers being better
I don't think he'd say that I think that
goes proposal actually sort of two men
tell you the truth but they're at least
a baby step in the right direction at
least he's having a conversation that's
an excerpt from my daily show the Ezra
Levant show weekdays at 8:00 p.m.
Eastern every day I do a monologue
interview a guest and read my fan mail
and my hate mail to subscribe go to the
rebel da media slash shows
you
