hey guys it's John Cardella with the
rebel media still at CPAC 2018 as you
can hear a lot of energy in the room I'm
joined by the media director of one of
my favorite organizations campus reform
Cabot Phillips joins me now how are you
my friend I'm doing well this is the
best it's all great first and foremost I
loved president Trump's speech what did
you think I thought it was good it was
it was about what you're expecting to
see and with an audience like this we
all know how much fun President Trump
has when he knows it's a friendly
audience and he was really playing to
the crowd I thought that the most
revealing moment was a few minutes in
when he said you know what this is
getting boring
let's go off-script you have this I love
the 75% on prompter 25% off prompter not
I think I think that's when he's at his
best and something we saw today we
haven't seen in the past
he's self-deprecating humor making fun
of his own hair hair we have been trying
to hide the bald spot for a while yeah I
think that's when he's at his most
endearing and when other people are
tuning in and watching they realize hey
maybe I think I and he you could see
that he's becoming more comfortable in
the job now let me ask you your group
has really been on the front lines in
the battle for free speech the left
wants to shut us down and I have to
imagine you were energized because there
was a an undertone and undercurrent in
the President's speech that said to me
we're conservative we're proud to be
conservative and we're finally allowed
to be loud and proud conservatives the
administration has done more to defend
free speech on college campuses in their
first year than the last eight years and
one place we seat especially besides the
rhetoric where President Trump has come
out and called out schools like
Berkeley's called out free speech saying
you know schools aren't going to do
their jobs we're going to defund them
also the Justice Department last month
weighed in on the Berkeley situation
there and they took the side of the
students the conservative students
they're saying we're gonna join them in
this lawsuit if you don't start to do
your job well look as a Justice
Department doing their job it was
exciting for you it was long overdue
yeah this this wasn't just an assault on
free speech it was an assault on
democracy yeah it was assault on our
constitutional republic yeah that some
speech is okay this country wouldn't be
no we wouldn't have a United States of
America if the founding fathers allowed
those kinds of intrusions
yeah and I think it's important to
remember also
we see Berkeley and everyone knows what
happens at Berkeley they see schools
like evergreen where this craziness I
can tell you as someone who covers this
non-software campus reform is everywhere
it's not right one isolated incident or
a few at a time it is a systemic problem
and come to CPAC a place like this where
there are thousands of young
conservatives and I talk to them all
week and they keep telling these stories
of what they have to deal with just for
voicing their conservative you know I'm
glad you just brought up a point you did
a when I see a Berkeley we expect a
burglar and in many respects we can
argue that a Berkeley is necessary shows
who the left is so Berkeley I expect
yeah it bothers me it annoys me it
frustrates me but it doesn't scare me
what scares me are the quiet ones yeah
the ones who are weaponizing faculty
weaponizing student student government
against the conservative students groups
and organizations you're on campuses
around the country you do this full-time
what would you say the percentage of
colleges and universities around the
country who suffer from that quiet anti
conservative discriminate vote would
worried for that number 90 to 95 percent
Wow it is a complete anomaly if we do
find a school where students say we feel
like free speech is alive and well here
they're doing a good job they're few and
far between and they're getting more
subtle about it everyone knows it's very
easy to see free speech suppression when
it's violent protests and riots when
it's professors ranting in class they're
getting more subtle though now when
conservative speakers are coming to
class Eric coming to campus University
administration's are charging these
exorbitant security fees ten twenty
thirty thousand dollars to protect
against these controversial ideas
student groups are now no longer able to
afford bringing conservative speakers to
campus and also a way of suppressed you
know what bothers me cabbage is that I
listen to conservative speakers
everybody from Ben Shapiro to Ann
Coulter to Gavin McGinnis and all the
people that were supposed to be
terrified tonight I know these people
these people are people I've spoken to
Gavin is a friend these are these people
have never hurt anyone they've never
advocated advocated violence against
anyone they'd never advocated for
criminality against anyone they're
treated like criminals for exchanging
ideas and it's mind blow it is and
really it's kind of becoming a situation
of the boy who cried wolf I think the
left has so made so common the phrase oh
they're racist they're bigger they're
gonna
these ideas are gonna kill people on
campus or to make them feel unsafe that
people initially were bracing I think
students are still in that bracing
there's like all these dangerous
conservative eyes right well the gun
holing it or gun it's going to backfire
on them mark my words people are going
to realize wait a second I kept being
told the skies falling because these
concerned speakers this isn't that bad
where were the actual things and like
the phrase if everything is sensational
if everything is racist then nothing is
and they're losing their their audience
I think and it's gonna be a boy
incredible well if we listen to people
on the left I mean Ben Shapiro spoke
yesterday yeah ceilings intact all the
windows are here we're on alive you're
alive we're in pretty good shape
everybody here is smiling having a good
time so I but but we Joe yeah but in
reality you're right that's the message
they send these kids on campus that it
entropy roared and culture speak their
their lives are gonna be irreparable
damage you're gonna PTSD and one of the
most common responses we see is when a
speaker like that does come to campus
the school rather than saying if you
don't want to go the speech don't go to
it if you do go listen to it maybe have
your your you know horizons brought in
change says change the channel the
school says we're just not gonna bring
this person to campus because we want to
shy you'll do from this and protect you
that they're not protecting anyone
they are neutering them and I you know I
was on campus two weeks ago up at Ithaca
College on a panel on a free speech in
America Dave Rubin the two of us were
apparently dangerous enough 28 uniformed
police officers they then told the
college public and group here with you
we have to pay each of them about forty
dollars an hour for three hours and then
well after that you're gonna have to pay
their overtime and that's a third of the
universal I mean anybody watching
horrifying guy exactly fear of my life
I'm in administration's do things like
that they don't punish the people
threatening violence like that's right
good that's right a punish the people
that are trying to bring new ideas to
campus and the weight is put on those
students and that's wrong that's why we
need to be remember that these are
controversial ideas if we let the left
put us in a box of these are crazy
controversial that's right idea that's
right and we let the argument stay there
and start there we're not gonna win we
need to remind people these are only
controversial because you've made them
that way
how long is it gonna take before we
start seeing some movement in the other
direction you're at Ground Zero with
this fight every day we're making
progress we are I think is a five-year
ten-year plan I think it's a it's I
don't want to put a timeframe on but I
think five to ten years I don't think
it's gonna be something where next year
awesome we did it we won on college can
I
because there is such a ingrained bias
that's there I think it starts with Al
Singh professors administrators if they
aren't gonna be willing to do their jobs
not saying that if you're a liberal you
have to get out of being a professor but
making sure that you're keeping your
personal opinions out of it and you're
teaching students but I do think if you
look at poll numbers on what Americans
view college campuses how if they feel
like universities are doing their job
the polls have gone twenty thirty points
down oh yeah they're trend lines are
just falling off a cliff and I think
that I really take market forces are
gonna be gonna take effect students
aren't gonna go attend schools parents
or schools or private entity the most
part except for the state-run school but
even those are subsidized by tuition
exactly and the free bar can I tend to
agree with you and it's a great way to
wrap up like many many other things the
free market a man robably solve this
Kevin Phillips media director campus
reform thank you so much my friend thank
you for all of your CPAC 2018 coverage
stay tuned to the rebel and don't forget
to subscribe to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org
out the rebel app
you
