welcome back as from the man here at
CPAC what fun things about CPAC is he
just bumped into people and you pounce
and that's exactly what I did with a 90s
tom Fitton he's the boss of Judicial
Watch a public interest law firm that
has led the charge in transparency and
access to information style request of
the u.s. it was summary for some of our
viewers who might not be familiar with
Judicial Watch
what is your mandate and what have you
been keeping busy with in recent years
is for non-profit educational foundation
but we're government watchdog we use the
law to make sure the government's
accountable to the American people the
government institutions are not well
pursue this corruption frankly there
cameras so we've got a lot of work to do
so I used to phrase public interest law
firm you guys are lawyers but it's not
like we go out and play the case in the
civil court you're always holding the
governor to campaign Leon Freedom of
Information is that well we sue the
government as well Jax to the illegal
alien sanctuary policy allows criminals
that develop policy effectively we're
suing States over their failures the
election rules which lead to dirty roads
which make the dirty election you're
doing the work that politicians want to
a point hey you talk to us a bit about
some of the recent revelations
the emails you've managed to get the
government to disgorge because so much
is so much is turned on those emails as
revelations just again for our viewers
who don't you're one of my favorite
falls on Twitter I mean you guys are all
used to do something some of the
groundbreaking revelations from these
emails you managed to get the government
report broken I want to know about the
announce panel what for judicial watches
Freedom of Information Act request that
works the government to admit we handle
all these Clinton emails and the hackers
know you you just you just had a hunch
where you just knew something fishy
while we were looking at the Benghazi
scandal we know so we're no footing
emails so we asked again and and she was
using this homemade email and just went
from there and we went from there no one
else sought to do that other than you
yeah we even covered it and the fact is
that as a result we found emails in
there showing pay-for-play scandals
where the Clinton Foundation donors were
getting special favors from State
Department in obvious violation
there could be people going to jail in
the best of circumstances if the laws
have been involved and applied properly
but even more recently we uncovered
emails showing the number two official
Robert molars investigation is an
anti-trump er and it was you who got
these texts this gorge was that you guys
well we've been pressing to get to Texas
George but all this pressure before
transparency they know that you've got
to give it to Congress or give the
Judicial Watch there's no escape well
that's amazing I tell you I I said this
years before we turn the camera on you
and James O'Keefe in my minds have done
more to great the damn information than
anyone else I can think of people sign
up to get on an email list or follow you
on twitter what's your website
well our website is Judicial Watch org
we're on Twitter a Judicial Watch like
the follow me
Facebook as well due to remain we're
trying like the relativity we've got to
support the alternative is immediate out
there to get the truth about what's
really going on here in Washington the
government and the establishment has
lost control of the information and
we're getting the information out to the
American people and that's why
you've got this thirst for
accountability because we are leading
the way there's no surprise to me that
the American people wanted a new change
based on the work that we were doing
well you're making me so jealous of
course we're based in Canada we have a
great affection for America a lot of our
viewers are American but I wish we had a
judicial watching pianist baby laughter
people have to have a branch office to
help get the kind of scrutiny of our own
you
