did Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel
who we here at the rebel are calling on
to be fired by Florida Governor Rick
Scott deputize a Hamas connected terror
associate there's a deputy working at
the Broward County Sheriff's Office
named Nizar Homs a deputized by Broward
County Sheriff Scott Israel when the
former Sheriff a Lamberty under the
Lamberty administration refused to hire
homsy now typically the reason for
refusal to hire someone in law
enforcement is confidential we don't
know why sheriff Lambert E's office
refused to hire Homs a full disclosure
Arif a lambertian former sheriff out
Lombardi's a friend of mine you seen him
on the show and I am certainly going to
ask him and if allowed hopefully he'll
tell me the reasons they didn't hire
Hamza but a Lamberty ran a tight ship he
cared about training he cared about
integrity in his agency unlike Scott
Israel
there's a lot of disturbing incredibly
disturbing information coming out on
this deputy is our Hamza now deputies I
spoken in the agency don't really
understand why Hamza is there he's not a
particularly active Road deputy or
police officer he's not a well-known
investigator or considered particularly
competent what he does seem to do is
bring Scott Israel to radical mosques
he brought Scott Israel to one mosque in
an area of Florida called Pembroke Pines
just on the west side of Broward County
only about 20-30 minutes outside of
downtown Fort Lauderdale a mosque with
ties to al Qaeda a mosque with ties to
terrorist Jose Padilla
he's brought in two other radical
mosques and there are photos of sheriff
Scott Israel with his arm around Hamas
terrorists people introduced to him by
deputy Nazir Hamza yet every time
there's criticism of Homs a Scott Israel
rushes to his defense and no one
understands why
could it be for votes could it be he's
getting money from the Muslim community
could it be because Scott Israel is a
far left Democrat and like many far left
Democrats like debbie Wasserman Schultz
who was a congresswoman in Broward
County Florida an ally of sheriff Scott
Israel they coddle terrorists
this is concerning to me because I'm not
only former law enforcement I'm a
resident of Broward County Florida Scott
Israel is my sheriff this is why we here
at the rebel are asking you to sign our
petition at w-w-w dot fire Scott Israel
dot-com a petition a petition that I'm
going to personally deliver hand-deliver
to the Broward County Commission who has
oversight of the Sheriff's Office
Attorney General Pam Bondi who's our
state's chief law enforcement officer
and Florida Governor Rick Scott the one
person well after that review after an
investigation has the authority the
constitutional authority suspend or
remove sheriff Scott Israel we want to
see him remove we want to see him fired
but we really need to dig into these
radical radical ties this deputy is
there hamza has and why sheriff Scott
Israel not only overlooks it but seems
to cooperate with it he's going to these
mosques he's hugging these people we're
gonna dig in very very deep on my new
longer one-hour show off the cuff
Declassified today right here on the
rebel this is incredibly important
content we really want you to sign our
petition at www.irs.gov also want you to
watch my longer one-hour show off the
cuff Declassified we're gonna dig very
deep into this topic I'm bringing on an
expert an anti-terror expert from
Broward County who's been studying this
for years subscribe to a premium service
at www do forward slash shows you're
already subscriber thank you very very
much and as always thank you very much
for watching
you
