in light of the massacre at Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School in parkland
Florida George Clooney has ramped up his
anti-gun rhetoric just one inconvenient
truth however why is it that Clooney and
so many other Hollywood celebrities say
they hate guns but they're only too
happy to take on roles and films that
glorify guns
so a Lister George Clooney made
headlines the other day when he
announced he's donating five hundred
thousand to the upcoming student
anti-gun protest in Washington called
the March for our lives Clooney as part
of the Hollywood elite that professes to
hate guns and gun culture yet is it just
me or is that somewhat hypocritical that
Clooney and his ilk will routinely
accept lucrative roles and films that
well dine out on guns have you ever
checked Clooney's filmography it's
chock-full of films that feature gunplay
perhaps because without a gun scene or
two the film might be just too boring to
sit through indeed check out the
anti-gun Crusader Clooney starring in
the American
now that's a serious firearm then
there's monuments man Ocean's eleven
from dust held on three kings heck even
confessions of a dangerous mind guns
galore the point is if Clooney is so
anti-gun why doesn't he put his money
where his mouth is when it comes to
telling filmmakers that he will not
appear in movies that glorify guns well
maybe it's because Clooney doesn't want
to be reduced to being the romantic lead
and a never-ending litany of vacuous
chick flicks and it's not just Clooney
the National Rifle Association publishes
a list of Hollywood talent that are anti
Gunners actors and actresses who
proclaim their anti-gun yet continued to
star in films in which guns play an
integral role in advancing the plot some
of the anti-gun celebs include Steve
Buscemi oh that's gotta hurt and then
there's Sean Connery hey how many times
have we seen this opening sequence for a
Bond film
gracious even Sigourney Weaver who stars
in my all-time favorite sci-fi action
film aliens yes even Sigourney is an
anti-gun Crusader a palm look we can't
have any firing in there oh yeah I want
you to collect magazines from everybody
supposed to use man harsh language by
the way fans of that film know all too
well the tragic fate that befell those
colonial marines at the jaws of the
Xenomorphs once the good guys hosted
their firearms but I digress in the
final analysis for virtue signaling
actors like Clooney and Connery and
Buscemi and Weaver oh they may talk a
mean game when it comes to banning guns
but they certainly have no appetite of a
leading by example when it comes to
avoiding roles and movies that feature
copious amounts of gunplay after all
taking that stance would severely
curtail their earnings so the question
arises do these stars really want to see
the Second Amendment repealed or is this
merely another role they're playing in
their posh tinsel town land of
make-believe for the reveled media I'm
David the men's ID Menzies hey folks if
you like that commentary why not take
the rebel with you please download our
app you can do so at the Google Play
Store for Android phones and for the
iPhone by going to the Apple App Store
you
