hi everybody I'm Amanda head and this is
the Hollywood conservative for the rebel
well hmm I'm sad I'm back in Hollywood I
really do love our nation's capital in
the history there but it's okay it's
always good to be back home but last
week in DC was so much fun spending time
at CPAC with some of my favorite rebels
and probably yours too but alas back to
reality so guess what Hollywood might be
learning something I wish I could report
that Hollywood has learned enough to
actually I don't know change their
political beliefs or at the very least
be more open-minded but no they have
simply just learned that ripping
president Trump and by proxy normal
everyday Americans doesn't bode too well
for their bottom line specifically
ratings gosh who would who would have
ever thought that that insulting people
who patronized your industry would be a
mega turn-off honestly it's miraculous
that it took this long but whatever it's
Hollywood and they're pretty stupid so
they have figured out that bashing
president Trump parading around like
martyrs and spewing their self-important
self-righteous BS isn't appetizing for
most Americans it's why Nielsen ratings
for all the award shows have been on a
pretty predictable and steady decline so
in an effort to juice up ratings they've
decided to stick with movies as the main
theme imagine that and a word show for
movies keeping movies as the central
focus hmm Jennifer Todd who is one of
the producers for the Oscars said in an
interview and we want to make it as
entertaining as possible reverential and
respectful but also fun and emotional
that is code for we're going to briefly
mention hashtag me too and all the other
movements happening right now but maybe
it'll make it to air and whoops maybe it
won't but yes we will totally take care
of you guys and recognize all of the
politicizing I mean suffering you've
gone through chanting Dungey or dungee
or something who is president of
entertainment at ABC which by the way
will broadcast the ceremony live then
it in a separate interview regarding
times up I would love for every award
recipient to not feel like they have to
acknowledge it independently that's code
for these people that are shut down
there vodka vacuums and only start them
back up if they have something to say
like I would like to thank the Academy
anyway the Academy Awards will be held
on March 4th by the way the following
day is my birthday so if you want to get
me a present please join the NRA or NA
gr in my name also do not watch the
Oscars you know that I will give you a
funnier rundown after the fact anyway so
please and thank you I'm Amanda head the
Hollywood conservative for the rebel if
you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us here at the
rebel subscribe to our premium content
at www.affordablecomm.com
