one of the fun things about CPAC is I
get to meet face-to-face with some of my
favorite guests that we talked to only
via Skype and one of our experts that we
go to especially I'm added regarding
China and North Korea is Gordon Cheng or
and great to see you again thank you so
much asthma the president spoke today
and he mentioned North Korea can you
tell us what the news was of his new
sanctions yeah the president announced
the strictest sanctions what they are
designations under previous sanctions of
one individual 27 entities and 28
vessels what the Trump administration is
doing is slowly tightening the noose
around the neck of the North Korean
regime because if you can't have money
you're not going to launch missiles
you're not going to detonate nukes and
you're not going to engage in gift
politics which is Kim jong-un the ruler
of North Korea buying the loyalty of
senior regime elements with Mercedes and
Rolexes and all the rest of it and right
now there's a certain amount of evidence
showing that North Korea is running out
of cash and that's a good thing you and
I have spoken about what you think is
the only solution dramatic enough to
make a change and that is for America to
put sanctions on Chinese financial
entities that are supporting North Korea
referenced large Chinese banks this
doesn't look like it's going anywhere
near that yet though is it no it isn't
the important thing was what didn't
happen today what didn't happen was for
instance a blockade on North Korea and
total embargo which I think we need and
we also didn't have the sanctions on
Chinese banks that despite everything
have continued to launder money for the
North Korean regime you know Trump
talked about this in a tweet where he
said that Beijing was caught red-handed
since then there have been no penalties
imposed on the Chinese for blatantly
violating UN rules and our rules as well
so we need to do that and until we do
that we're not going to solve the North
Korean crisis last question today Trump
talked about the trade deficit with
China and he basically said we got to
stop that he said I respect the
president but they're taking advantage
so it sounds like he's willing to take
economic measures against China
so I guess with Donald Trump you can
never rule anything out because the
dramatic impossible taboo policy option
he just goes ahead and does it whether
it's moving an embassy to Jerusalem or
getting out of the global warming treaty
in in the UN sometimes Trump just one
day decides he's going to do something
and the world doesn't end do you think
there's a chance he's gonna do the
dramatic medicine that you've just
described I think what he probably is
gonna do is there's a section 301
investigation and in China's theft of
intellectual property section 301 the
seven or eight the Trade Act of 1974 and
this is going to be conducted by Robert
light Heiser at the US Trade
Representative this investigation is
going to conclude sometime this year in
all probability and when that comes back
we're probably going to see some pretty
drastic penalties because of the Chinese
have been stealing somewhere between
three and six hundred billion dollars of
US intellectual property each and every
year that can't continue so there's
going to be have to be something done if
nothing is done then the Republicans are
gonna be punished at the polls isn't
that interesting and this is one of
those crossover issues I think that
getting tough on on China actually
resonated with a lot of blue-collar
voters and a lot of states that felt
that their jobs went there it's
something for conservative foreign
policy hawks and domestic workers to
it's for everybody this is not a
partisan issue because China threatens
not just Republicans threatens Democrats
liberals and conservatives every
American and better of fact every North
American while we're at it largely
because Canada is also a victim of this
oh for sure I I wish our prime minister
was a little bit more on guard and a
little bit more skeptical he's I think
he's still quite naive about China
Gordon Chang it's great to talk to you
again I know you're so busy here a lot
of people want you for their selfies and
they say hello so we'll let you go back
to your fans thanks for taking the time
with us thank you so much Jennifer this
is a blast we're at CPAC it's a giant
conservative conference in Washington DC
I got to say I've seen some Canadians
here though hey if you want to see all
our videos from CPAC go to the rebel dot
media slash rebel CPAC
you
