giancarlo with the rebel I'm speaking
with Carlos Reyes who is challenging
Debbie wasserman-schultz
someone who is not very well liked in
this CPAC 2018 crowd I'm gonna ask
Carlos the question I ask every
candidate why would you turn your life
upside down and run for office
John what a great question ultimately my
answer is I love this country I love my
kids I love my grandkids and after
enough years of seeing the craziness in
South Florida I decided that enough is
enough and that ultimately someone had a
challenger someone that hasn't been a
public servant in the sense of being at
the public dole forever I might've been
an attorney for 30 years happily married
34 years as I said three kids and a
three grandkids and I realized what's
happening in the country requires common
sense and Debbie is so out of touch with
the constituents that I find decided to
step up and said it's enough shouting
from the sidelines I want a shower it
might make a difference now you've been
a member that you're a constituent in
Debbie's your constituents how long have
you lived in the area so what happened
under icw I live in the next district
over full disclosure I see South Florida
under people like Debbie
wasserman-schultz intended being
forgotten about they went to DC they
became very elite you don't see your
Congress people anymore but I'm curious
to hear from someone who lives in her
district I could look at the news and
and be a Politico and an online on-air
guy but what do you see is a resident as
a business owner you know one of the
things that for years we're railing
about was the lack of economic growth
and Debbie clearly has an agenda that is
not Pro government broke growth rather
but pro government and so as we were
railing those of us have worked in the
private sector talking about just a
common sense things you had to do tax
cuts with just the tip of the iceberg I
believe because once you have a mindset
about how you can change policy how you
can change the taxing taxing plane in
this country in order to allow
businesses to flourish you see what you
saw in the first six months of 2017 a
dramatic change in GDP South Florida for
too long reliant just solely on tourism
if you do that it's not gonna be well
it's not gonna be good for the economy
the local economy and that certainly
looks okay to South Florida so number
one I think that changing that mindset
is important our Congress person has to
talk about supporting businesses that
creates jobs jobs and more jobs
another thing is security
in age of terrorism you can go to the
Jewish community in South floor and talk
about the issue that about how you
support Israel but then you turn around
and you cut a single words deal in the
history of the United States and
supporting the Iran deal things like
that are just resonating throughout our
community people that are Jewish and
non-jewish are talking about how
terrible a deal that was not to mention
compromising classified emails with your
Pakistani IT guys who are now sitting in
federal custody now I'd be remiss if we
didn't talk about a tragedy in South
Florida the same County we both live in
last week of course talking about the
the terrible terrible shooting at
Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in
parkland a lot of calls for gun control
but I think the Republicans are being
both responsible and constitutional on
this issue is very encouraged by what I
saw the president do by what I saw our
state legislature do they're talking to
people they're listening but they're not
emotionally reacting absolutely
compassion is not a one party thing here
compassion as a father and grandfather I
immediately related to the circumstance
I realized you send your kids to be
educated to school you should not fear
for their well-being in school and so
that tragedy is gonna resonate in our
community for a long time but in this in
the light of all the emotion do you
still have to keep your head about you
you have to realize I mean people talk
about gun control they're reaching for
the low-lying fruit emotionally they're
not thinking through what the
constitutional implications of that are
and ultimately if you really want safety
in the United States into schools you
have to focus on comments and things
that really make a difference for
example you have to be in these schools
and you have to talk to people with the
mindset of saying put substations police
substations in schools
I mean deal with that reality limit the
number of entrances into schools put in
metal detectors the technology we have
today to get things done is incredible
so while people would give these
feel-good things that give you a sense
of false security there are those of us
are talk about common sense reality and
in dealing in today's environment more
than ever I think we need to look at
that as the option and ultimately
preserve our constitutional rights
because but for that you know many have
died protecting our constitutional
rights I'm not gonna be giving away that
easily
you know look I'd agree with you I had a
former Broward County Sheriff out
Lamberty the last Republican hold office
on my show and he mirrored one of York
and one of his points was when he was
sheriff he would have deputies respond
to a large school Stoneman Douglas had
several thousand students a couple
hundred faculty he said look this is a
small neighborhood I read there's a
small city this is a large neighborhood
I had deputies responding to schools as
much as to some housing developments so
why not have officers deputies in every
school there it would also initiative
protecting the school it takes the
taxing off of other police resources
that's a state and local issue but
schools do see federal homeland security
dollars often for school resource
officers if you were in Congress is that
something you would be behind budgeting
absolutely it was sort of interesting in
this morning CPAC session president
Wayne LaPierre spoke about the NRA
president spoke about how three years
ago he calls exactly this putting
substations in schools since the three
years before this incident parkland it
seems to me that some people get caught
up in these political ideology it's sad
to me that we have people talking about
taking a tragedy and using it for the
very purpose of politicizing it that
ought not to be the issue common sense
what do you have to do to protect our
kids so to me it's very common today
with all the technology that we have to
be creative to go out there and use that
I think it's important it's imperative
that we do it in a compassionate way and
understanding but I think people realize
that you know one plus one it has to
equal two so if you want security you
put in the measures that enforce
security you have foyers that lead into
schools you limit the entrance you put
in metal detectors and you actually
armed at least police officers after
schools and then you think beyond that
what else might be makes sense to
protect our kids look I'm a big fan of I
want your opinion on this after 9/11
after the attacks of September 11 we
gave airline pilots the option to be
armed nobody forced them but back then
President Bush understood and his
cabinet that many airline pilots were
former military former law enforcement
and they said hey we're gonna create the
federal flight deck officer program if
you're comfortable we are going to allow
you to be armed I see that as a
common-sense measure look I know I was a
law enforcement guy plenty of friends of
mine retired became teachers these are
very well-trained very competent
experienced cops many teachers are
reservists in the military they trained
with weapons every weekend
I see that as a logical solution set up
a program much like the federal flight
deck officer program curious about your
thoughts on that well listen you said
common sense at least it's common sense
to have the discussion you know in our
country today three on a speech is under
attack just the fact that someone may
even suggest that gets attacks from the
left on the right sometimes and the
reality is we are at least have the
conversation about everything and
anything it everything ought to be on
the table
so we're very purposes so if we discuss
these things we actually just make a
decision I'm not sure that you want
teachers being armed but if a teacher
says to us listen I would be comfortable
being armed I would take your training
you'd you'd have to implement some kind
of a training program you're much like
the flight deck officers they had to be
trained by the federal aid the pilots
receipt the same training of federal
federal law enforcement officers
received it was intensive well that
makes sense that circumstance if you
have teachers that realize that there
really are on the front lines then that
would make sense and so you want to go
through that process and what I would
say to you is that in Congress I would
support some of the things that actually
end up with results you know there's a
great phrase a system don't confuse
effort with results and that's what we
need what's what people are sick and
tired of both parties having a lot of
talk but no action that's what we want
results really can't say it any better
myself Carlos Rey is running against
Debbie wasserman-schultz in Florida's
23rd congressional district thanks very
much for all of your CPAC 2018 coverage
stay tuned to the rebel and don't forget
to subscribe to our premium service at
www.fortuigence.com
you
