I'm here at CPAC 2018 and it's politics
politics politics but politics is
downstream of culture so I'd be remiss
if we didn't mock Hollywood a little bit
and their liberal leanings joining me
now it's one of my really good friends
one of the newest rebels and known
she's known internationally as a
Hollywood conservative Amanda had been
fun it's been fun not much here I'm not
seeing Susan Sarandon not much here in
terms of the Hollywood elite not seeing
Susan Sarandon no not seeing Michael
Moore and not seeing George Cloney but I
ran into kaya Jones earlier Jones which
funny story so she was a part of the
Pussycat Dolls she's friends with a guy
who used to manage me and my music
partner when we were in the stash I keep
forgetting you were a international
music star yeah yeah and then also work
on just always in the presence of
greatness
totally joy Villa I think as far as
Hollywood goes that's probably yeah
because we don't see them because they
don't come to these things yeah they go
to the women's March right they go to
events that celebrate the wholesale
slaughter of babies yeah fight for
abortion fight for what I'll tell you
that have we propped up a fake rally
outside celebrating cop-killer Joanne
Chesimard made me out there oh yeah
pumping their fists I'm honestly
surprised that we don't have any of them
just like protesting cutback in general
what do you think what do you think
attention I had this conversation
actually at lunch and right before lunch
with a couple of well-known
conservatives here why is it that
conservatives can't seem to turn out
quality entertainment products I think
they can I mean you look like Dennis
Weaver Dennis Miller is one of the
funniest people out okay Dennis Miller
is a good example but he's one but but
you look at like somebody like Tim Allen
who had what was it last man standing
hit show it was like number three on
their network for primetime sitcom right
and it got can oh that's the problem
right but I guess your answer my
question without answering it is it the
industry you're in the industry yeah you
live in Hollywood you
understand the inner workings of the
ideology is it that when they see a
conservative celebrity a conservative
product to show a movie get too much
traction the powers that be behind the
scenes shut him down yeah yep I was
speaking with someone last night and not
I'm not gonna reveal their name but
Jericho a lot of people did you ever
rest you're right never I know what it
is I never watch I never watched it but
my brother watched it a lot and it had
like a cult following and when it got
canceled people petitioned to have it
put back on the air but I found out that
it was not sec people within the Bush
administration that had the plug pulled
on it really why because they were
getting too close really yeah
now you know of course I get like on my
phone I'm like texting my brother
immediately feverishly letting him know
he's like spoken to guys I spoken to Jon
Voight and spoken II James was very well
known prominent conservatives and I said
to them well do you get pushback and
they said you know no because we're just
too big yeah they're very candid about
they said we're just we're big stars
have been around too long we banked too
much money when we're on screen so they
leave us alone but you won't see guys
like us coming along frequently or often
yes and and that's the thing is like you
have to have a sizable platform enough
that entertainment companies know that
you are lucrative enough that they can't
possibly afford to blackball you at them
and it took woods and and void James and
John years yes yeah my thing is like III
think that at some point and I hope this
happens and I think that there are
probably small little production
companies like this but why can't these
guys get together and put together you
know some type of multi-million dollar
production company to start producing
more movies you know it's funny you say
that because that's the exact
conversation we had downstairs with that
but they grew up a meeting of people
prominent conservative activist donors
and they said look we have billionaires
in our movement why aren't we buying the
movie studios
we setting up television you buying time
on cable yeah on prime stations and the
answer is I don't know I made me think
about media entities like excellence and
broadcasting right you know all of these
media conglomerates within conservative
politics they've got the money they've
got the capital come on you don't
understand it I don't understand that
it's we need to be I'll tell you why
it's because talk radio conservative
talk radio hosts are funny enough that
we don't have to have conservative
comedians we're gonna need to do
something because the average age I did
a survey a couple of years ago and back
then I did the survey in 2015 the
average age of a conservative talk radio
host was sixty point three years old I
was almost I believe it 20 years younger
than the norm and I was doing radio so
we we have to do something because our
hosts are gonna retire what that we
don't have you know massive names on the
back that's that's part of why I left
the entertainment industry so background
for anybody who doesn't know me which is
probably all of you I was in the music
entertainer entertainment industry for
nine years music contracts probably 15
of them throughout those nine years and
every single one of them there's a gag
clause that prevents you from talking
about politics religion and boyfriends
because as a single or as a perceived
single female pop artist they want you
you know they don't want to talk about
any boyfriend's religion and
self-explanatory and politics if you
know if I'd been a bleeding-heart
liberal it went a bit of problem problem
they might shut you down that I mean
currently yeah but when I left the music
industry decided I wanted to go into
political media specifically talk radio
just like you said I'm like holy cow
these people could literally be my
grandparents everybody all my colleagues
yeah we're losing it I think we are the
future
yeah us kids we're the future this whole
thing has always a man an absolute
pleasure
I'm an ahead you got
at her new rebel show absolutely
outstanding cultural content just what
we need for all of your CPAC 2018
coverage stay tuned to the rebel and
don't forget to subscribe to our premium
service at www.cerritos.edu
you
