it's just a tiny bit of hood stuff when
a 27 year old actress says hey guys I'll
be back in 365 days I'm just gonna
finish democracy don't go away I'll be
back hold my seat 365 days couldn't fix
democracy see in a minute it it's just a
little bit it's just a little bit much
Ben what do you think oh I think it's so
entertaining are you kidding me I want
to start a watch right now I'm like
alright Jennifer go see what happened
but what I think is just hysterical is
the the concept of fixing our democracy
what are you trying to fix like someone
that was not a part of any GOP not a
part of any establishment order of
Republican Democrats someone we just
voted for who had no affiliation was
whoever got into the highest office in
the land so if it was broken I think
it's a pretty example that democracy
still works at least in the United
States however if she is going after
corruption which is what the group that
she's hoping to be a part of represent
us is trying to get at
then there's plenty of corruption to go
around have at it take these people out
but it's just a hysterical concept I'm
gonna fix this democracy I'm like what's
broken yeah I mean there's 300 million
plus other Americans who may have their
own visions of democracy you know I've
been listening a lot to professor Jordan
Peterson and he's got that my
best-selling book out called 12 rules
for life and and one of his themes is
you know what before you fix the world
fix yourself and and that's you know one
of his baby steps just clean up your
room if you can't get your room in order
I gotta fix the world's room and I'm
thinking maybe she should start in
Hollywood I mean maybe maybe there's
things to fix there maybe there's things
in LA and California our democracy is a
pretty big thing to fix I'm just
thinking maybe maybe she should start a
tiny bit smaller yeah that Jordan
Pearson's a smart dude and I think he
knows a thing or two about this kind of
situation and yeah there's plenty of
stuff that she has much more influence
in like she said she didn't even
graduate high school she didn't go to
college for political science or study
anything about our Constitution I'm sure
or at least in any M depth form but she
is a powerhouse in the entertainment
industry so she wanted to help some the
corruption out here and how some people
are blacklisted for instance for saying
the wrong thing or if you decide not to
be in the sag Union how a lot of casting
directors don't see you which is crazy
there's a lot of stuff out here that she
could focus on and if she does have the
prowess and the experience do something
about but yeah you think her worldview
is just a bit tempered one way when I
don't think I'd want someone fixing our
democracy who also thought the
Hurricanes were mother nature's response
to President Trump being elected and
then lashing out like I think that would
be a telltale sign that you might not
know exactly what you're talking about
when it comes to politics that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levante show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch The
Daily Show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
