the Trudeau family and their large
entourage are enjoying the trip of a
lifetime in India right now I guess a
luxury holiday for the PM's family and
his closest liberal cronies is actually
one of those things Canada can't afford
to give right now Prime Minister Justin
Trudeau is on what appears to be some
sort of sightseeing junket in India the
trip has been plagued with embarrassing
gaffes for Canadians like me the
Trudeau's have been snubbed by
high-level politicians including Prime
Minister Modi the Trudeau's have been
openly mocked and made fun of for their
over-the-top and unnecessary Indian
clothing choices and as Candace Malcolm
shockingly revealed Trudeau invited a
convicted would-be assassin to have
dinner with him and his family the
international media is taking notice in
the Indian media certainly providing
Trudeau something he's quite
unaccustomed to that being the scrutiny
he rightly deserves for his terrorist
sympathies and as a good fiscal
conservative I'm very concerned with the
amount of money Canadians are wasting to
give our already very wealthy Prime
Minister the family vacation of a
lifetime in India let me show you what I
mean
you know those over-the-top indian
outfits the Trudeau's have been wearing
in every single photo that you see those
outfits have been described as to Indian
even for an Indian more Bollywood than
Bollywood itself their Trudeau's have
spared no expense commissioning some of
India's most prestigious designers to
outfit them for every single photo-op
including when the Trudeau's met with
actual Bollywood stars the Trudeau's
wore their over-the-top costumes and the
Bollywood stars were simple jackets and
pants now let's talk about the non
assassin part of Trudeau's entourage
Trudeau brought with him Vancouver based
celebrity chef Vikram
Viji now Vijay's
high-profile liberal supporter who was
appointed to the Liberals so-called
independent advisory board to submit a
short list of candidates to the prime
minister for consideration to
appointment to the Canadian Senate Veej
has been already well rewarded for his
loyalty to the prime minister but the
Prime Minister well he's not footing the
bill for this thing so he just lets
those rewards keep rolling on in for
Veatch according to CTV News Trudeau has
flown veg to India to cook for a group
of top diplomats vigas Hotel in-flight
are paid for by the taxpayer and all of
his out-of-pocket expenses are covered -
vide is a wealthy entrepreneur who was
on CBC's Dragons Den he can certainly
afford his own trip to India apparently
Trudeau flew Veatch to India to help
prepare Indian cuisine for a reception
at the residence of the Canadian High
Commissioner not only is this a horrible
waste of tax dollars but it's insulting
to the host country I'm pretty sure
there are some really excellent Indian
chefs in India that could feature their
own local cuisine all this waste all
these over-the-top personal indulgences
for Trudeau and his friends these are
his priorities remember just a few short
weeks ago at a town hall in Edmonton
when Justin Trudeau told a wounded
veteran this I was prepared to be killed
in action what I wasn't prepared for mr.
Prime Minister is Canada how turning its
back on me
so which veteran was it that you were
talking about thank you sir
thank you for your passion and your
strength and being here today to share
this justifiable frustration and anger
with me and with all of us here thank
you for having the courage to stand here
and thank you for listening to my answer
on a couple of elements you brought up
first of all why are we still fighting
against certain veterans groups in court
because they are asking for more than we
are able to give right now Trudeau has
never had a problem once finding money
to spend on himself and his friends they
never seem to be asking for more than
what Trudeau is willing to give right
now for the rebel media I'm Shiela gun
Reid I'm embarrassed by the boorish
behavior of my Prime Minister in Ottawa
he doesn't speak for me and if he
doesn't speak for you please sign our
letter at we're sorry India calm let's
see how many thousands of names we can
get on it and we'll send our letter to
the Indian High Commission in Ottawa to
let them know that Justin Trudeau's
behavior doesn't reflect how we really
feel about India you can sign that
letter at we're sorry
India calm
