bricks belong best thrown at pig heads
set an aunt Eva student group at the
University of Texas at Austin this same
group also hosts weekly self-defense
classes check it out
the revolutionary student front is a
ut-austin antifa group that describes
itself as an organization for
revolutionary anti-capitalist students
in Austin Texas the group announced
we're starting back up our weekly
self-defense classes this weekend
including elements of physical fitness
individual self defense anti-fascist
demonstration defense and women's self
defense defense defense defense right
above a picture with soldiers bearing
the same sickle hammer that represents
the deaths of millions upon millions of
civilians hmm I can't help but think an
Tifa the same group that views hate
speech as assault also has a different
definition of self-defense particularly
when that same group the revolutionary
student front also tweeted bricks best
belong thrown at pig heads and that's
not the only University of Texas an tyfa
group i scrolled down on that tweet to
see it was liked by revolutionary
horizon which appears to be a similar
group at UT san antonio who wants the
police to be abolished in a bit of
mind-numbing hypocrisy revolutionary
horizon describes itself as a group
organizing for people's autonomy and
health but says if you're going to speak
to pigs dude in a language they can
understand linking to this video
no health or autonomy for coughs I
suppose the revolutionary horizon
nutcases also bizarrely compared Chris
Kyle of terrorists killing American
sniper Fame Tamika Johnson who killed
five cops in Dallas specifically
targeting white ones they can't seem to
get it through their thick soy addled
heads why one was praised by the state
and the other was condemned in fact
Texas which for many Americans stands
defined as a beacon of free speech gun
rights etc seems to be experiencing a
bit of an anti feh infestation last
month I reported on UT Austin's
autonomous student network which
suggested law enforcement Appreciation
Day be renamed law enforcement
incineration Day supports doc scene and
thinks it's woke to assassinate the
president and make no mistake these
angsty wannabe revolutionaries aren't
just pro violence and anti-capitalist
therefore tearing down America and in
tribute anything that doesn't feed their
upper middle class entitlements to the
mythical ubiquitous system that must be
destroyed by any means necessary but
what will replace evil money-grubbing
America other than vague descriptions of
anarchist utopias with diversity and
equality for all these cry bullies don't
have a clue for campus unmasked I'm Rob
from shock if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
