we had a hunch that the whole idea of
changing the lyrics to our national
anthem wasn't a popular idea so we
commissioned a survey asking you to
weigh in on those gender-neutral lyric
changes to O Canada
and guess what turns out those new
lyrics make for a bigger flop than this
rendition of our National Anthem
employing campaign research we ask
Canadians from coast to coast to weigh
in on the lyric changes to Oh Canada
namely the removal of all thy sons
command to in all of us command well the
people have spoken and the majority are
not pleased for starters every province
disapproves of the changes with Quebec
being more ambivalent given that the new
lyrics only affect the English version
of old Canada of note only 9% yes just 9
percent of those surveyed said they
strongly approve of the lyric changes
with an additional 18 percent saying
they somewhat approved that stands in
sharp contrast with 33 percent saying
they strongly disapprove of the changes
and 18 percent noting they somewhat
disapprove when though GA and nay camps
are combined the bottom line is this
only 27% are in the yeh camp
whereas 51% are naysayers that's a fail
when it comes to either of our two
official languages
furthermore reimagining our national
anthem was not popular in any region of
Canada with the highest disapproval rate
67 percent emanating from the prairie
provinces so the question arises why did
the Trudeau Liberals go through with
such a virtue signaling exercise in the
first place could it be they were
literally preaching to the choir
check out this statistic only a majority
of liberal supporters approved of the
gender-neutral changes and only by an 8%
margin 54% saying yes and 46% saying no
by way of contrast the majority of
supporters for the Conservatives the NDP
Green Party bloc québécois
and all other parties were opposed to
the lyric changes demographically
speaking the biggest support group for
the lyric changes where females aged 18
to 34 but even with this group the
majority of young females disagreed with
the lyric changes 54 percent saying no
vs. 46 percent saying yes in the final
analysis the Trudeau Liberals charge
forward with politically correct lyrics
changes to our national anthem that
nobody other than the private member who
introduced the bill that really wanted
and now that the changes are official
the majority of Canadians disapprove of
course the Liberals didn't bother asking
Canadians what they wanted so we did
it's not too late to chip in to cover
the costs of this poll it cost about
$2,500 to conduct and it's the only way
to find out how Canadians really feel
about these virtue signalling moves the
Liberal government are pushing through
just label this new and not so improved
anthem whoa Canada for the rebel dot
media I'm David the menzo
menzies hey folks download the new rebel
media app from the Google Play Store
or the Apple App Store to take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
