I was very disturbed with what I saw the
mainstream media do when I visited the
memorial at Marjory Stoneman Douglas
High School in parkland Florida but I
was even more disturbed by what
Democratic Representative Ted Deutsch
said to an audience at an anti-gun rally
only hours later living in South Florida
only about 30 minutes from the scene of
last week's horrific shooting at Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School in parkland
Florida I had to drive over and pay my
respects to the victims their families
their friends colleagues the faculty
members who were killed the memorial was
very touching very very moving what
struck me the hardest on a small hill in
front of the school a row of crosses and
Stars of David Henning on the religion
of the students but their names and ages
wasn't the names that gotcha but it was
the ages 14 14 15 16 17 even the faculty
members were young
35 heroes putting their lives their
bodies in between gunfire and their
students
memorials of fitting remembrance nothing
brings the victims back and any of the
families any of the friends the
colleagues would gladly trade that
memorial to have those people back with
them with us
and while the memorial was very fitting
and the mood was very somber and
respectful but I watched the media do
what's incredibly disturbing
I didn't bring a camera with me I went
there to pay my respects and I took a
few short videos on my cell phone
because I wanted to respect the emotion
of the event the emotion of the location
mood of the locate
now this location this memorial is set
up alongside a main road Hine Island
Road in South Florida it's a main
north-south thoroughfare on the west
side of Broward County typically very
loud high traffic but even the motorists
going by but we're just going from point
A to point B slowed down they lowered
the music they understood and respected
what they were passing as they did and
of course they were looking on one side
of the street the media had all but
taken up a right lane of the road hence
a news truck and that was my problem
there's a time and a place to get your
interviews but I watched national media
mostly CNN there were CNN placards in
many cars but local affiliates as well
looking for people who were morning the
hardest at one point I had pulled my my
car up on the sidewalk a police for
allowing you to park up on the sidewalk
they were being pleased for being
outstanding the Broward Sheriff's Office
the Florida Highway Patrol and please
from local agencies we're being nothing
but accommodating moving traffic through
allowing people to park on the sidewalk
on the grassy median walk over and pay
their respect they understood that there
was no reason to follow the letter of
traffic or parking law and they really
did I want to give the police credit
because there was still a large police
presence at the school they did nothing
short of an outstanding job both
safeguarding the facility to school
safeguarding memorial people going to
pay their respects but also
understanding that hey this just wasn't
the time be finicky over parking Park
where you want to and that was really
their attitude just Park where you can
find a spot as long as you're not
blocking traffic we understand why
you're here this isn't the time for us
to worry about you parking on the grass
on the curb
and I was parked right on the curb right
in front of the main gate and and the
main part of the memorial and I turn to
my right my car was to my woman was
sobbing sobbing uncontrollably using my
car to support herself I didn't want to
ask her it was a family member a friend
or just maybe the mom of a other student
at the school so I walked over to her
and I the ma'am I'm gonna leave I'm
sorry do you need to lean on the car an
inch no it's okay and I helped her up
and I've you know I said I can stay here
another five or ten minutes I told her
just you said on my car as low me
and that was pretty much the sentiment
of everyone there and I walked away and
I just looked at some more of the cards
and messages eight while he composed
herself
least anyone do I didn't need to be
anywhere at that moment and he had every
right to feel what she was feeling but
the media the mainstream media didn't
seem to respect that because seconds
after I walked away after I told her you
want to use my car as a bench use it all
day they were there with cameras in her
face they were looking for the people
sobbing they were looking for the people
hugging and crying and shoving cameras
in their faces
and I found that to be particularly
reprehensible I'm all for aggressive
coverage I'm all for going to the scene
I'm all for getting stories but when the
time is right and I overheard a
conversation between two local reporters
there were three funerals yesterday four
victims and they were actually having a
debate did we go to the funeral well I
don't know well it looked bad for us if
we go to the funeral well it might look
bad for us if we go to the funeral but
then again we can get some real good
shots of people coming out of the
funeral and I was thinking to myself you
have any shame the story has been
covered ad nauseam do you really need to
go to the funerals
and shove cameras in these families
faces
I'll never never cover a story like
I understand the need to cover emotion I
understand the need to get raw footage
but half a week after an incident I'm
never going to be the guy that shoves
the camera in the face of a grieving
family outside of the funeral home where
they're laying their child to rest or
they're having a wake before they bring
their child to the cemetery
right frankly I don't know how people
who do that live with them
even worse something very disturbing
happened yesterday
a teacher named Sarah Lerner started
texting students there were students on
scene showing me their cell phones I got
to talking with a couple of them and I
told them I'm a pro Second Amendment guy
and I work for this network and they
were very very friendly and the students
despite what you're hearing on CNN
despite what you're hearing in the
left-wing mainstream media not every
student is pro-gun control in fact these
students were very smart kids and they
said we don't like the way the media is
making this about politics how about you
just respect our friends and classmates
who are killed our teachers and coaches
who are killed one of their teachers
woman named Sarah Lerner was texting
students on their personal cell phones
encouraging them and their families to
go over to the Coral Springs Center for
the Arts few miles down the road Coral
Springs is a town that neighbors
parkland and attend an anti-gun rally
she said the rally was sponsored by
every town for gun safety which used to
be called Mayors Against Illegal gun
these are very radical anti Second
Amendment groups funded by Michael
Bloomberg
well after I I was able to establish by
literally looking at the cell phones of
these students they let me but this
rally was in fact real was in fact
taking place I decided to go to the
rally myself it took place at 3 p.m.
yesterday in Coral Springs Center for
the Arts I went there
Democratic Representative Ted Deutsche
fool Marjory Stoneman Douglas high
school was in his district he spoke and
he lied he looked at these grieving
people and he lied to their faces
and I'm gonna tell you my longer show
off-the-cuff Declassified just what
congressman Ted Deutsch lied
these grieving families to this grieving
community about if you like this
incredibly important content please let
me keep bringing it to use try to our
premium service at www.mediaed.org I got
arrived downloaded it's a great way to
get all this content we're gonna be
bringing very important content as it
develops about a parkland story and
other important stories as always thank
you very much for watching check out my
new longer show off-the-cuff
Declassified right here in the room I'll
be back with you
you
