these guys were getting close to
censorship of any opposition I hate to
say it would you agree I mean it's true
and when Donald Trump was talking about
fake news and talking about you know
it's the stuff about the CNN and New
York Times liberal journalists all over
the world started freaking out all over
Canada they were writing about how it
was Trump is a dictator and a fascist
and all this stuff
well the Canadian government is doing
the exact same thing they're picking
that they're basically saying that fake
news is things that they don't agree
with like editorial opinions that they
don't agree with whether it's the rebel
or now the Toronto Sun who knows what is
going to be tomorrow essentially they're
saying that if you're conservative and
you have an opinion that is not in line
or approved by the Liberal government
that they're gonna call you fake news it
is it's scary it's authoritarian and
because just because Trudeau you know
puts a smiling face and it doesn't make
it any less authoritarian than another
country doing it so I think you're right
I think that Canadians need to pay
attention to this stuff because it is
pretty alarming especially when you're
considering the landscape in Canada
right now where the government is
considering giving bailouts to
newspapers and possibly you know
nationalizing some of them creating more
CBC's and you have Trudeau telling
Facebook to censor fake news or to get
rid of the fake news problem you know as
a remark Zuckerberg kind of post a
facebook post about this last year where
he said less than 1% of the things on
Facebook are what Facebook considers
fake news and those are legitimately
fake news organizations that are just
pulling out pushing out complete lies
and conspiracy theories that's totally
different than people putting out
legitimate journalism with different
opinions and the fact that Trudeau is
conflating these two things is is scary
it's very scary that's an excerpt from
my daily TV show the Ezra Levante show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on youtube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews a day
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
