what Canada's auto industry is protected
in fact it's allowed to grow our exports
into the u.s. quite a bit before tariffs
kick in
I'd call that win for Canada if by win
you mean something that we have right
now that Trump didn't take away from us
in actual fact there are now limits to
foreign parts in Canadian and Mexican
million cars and wages in Canada mix who
have to be high if we want access to the
US market what's so odd here is that
with Trudeau expectations are so low
that just keeping a few of the things we
had before this diplomatic fight well
that's now considered a big win
especially given Trudeau's deft
diplomatic touch with India and Saudi
Arabia
here's ctv's rich Matt and I like rich I
think it's a pretty fair reporter but
look at the soft bigotry of low
expectations this is what he thinks of
the US Mexico Canada Agreement the new
NAFTA he says Canada opens dairy mark to
you at market to us competition win for
USA Canada agreed to scrap Chapter seven
on milk pricing huge win for Trump
dispute processed chapter nineteen
intact huge win for Canada procurement
process unchanged big win for Canada so
hang on those two last points that the
the big huge wins for Canada yeah that
that's just the status quo that we've
that we've had actually for a great many
years and just not having those taken
away from us as a huge win well I guess
given the disaster that was looming sure
it's a huge win but that point about
procurement by the way I mean that's the
Buy America preferences in the US the
Barack Obama put in place after the 2008
Great Recession they're still in there I
mean so the US government can unfairly
favor US companies and bids to do
government work and choose more
expensive less qualified US companies
ahead of Canadian companies that's still
in it's so surprised given Trump's
emphasis on by American but a more
skillful and friendly one more
diplomatic negotiator might have been
able to get an exemption for Canada had
we spent the summer meeting quietly and
being persuasive rather than Trudeau
just surfing all summer and Krista
Freeland being so irritating in public
and private now don't take it from me
I'm a deep critic of Trudeau you know
that
here's the center-left professor Janice
Stein she said now if the deal appears
imminent she wrote this 9 p.m. last
night unquestionably this is a step back
from where we were but that was B T
before Trump No Deal is infinitely worse
swallow hard Canada learning the lessons
yeah what lessons they don't think
they've been taught a lesson they're
high-fiving each other in the PM oh
that's an excerpt from my daily show the
Ezra Levant show weekdays at 8:00 p.m.
Eastern every day I do a monologue
interview a guest and read my fan mail
and my hate mail to subscribe go to the
rebel da media slash shows
you
