extra extra we should all be very
concerned by the crisis facing quality
journalism says who
well says the head of a newspaper chain
that produces copious quantities of
flake news that's who
so John hundred the chair of tourists
are the parent company of the Toronto
Star and numerous other Canadian
newspapers recently penned a column
entitled we should all be very concerned
by the crisis facing quality journalism
translation we need a handout newspapers
these days make for a sunset industry if
the 20th century was the heyday of print
then the 21st century is at swan song
prior to the internet and before the
emergence of social media newspapers
were an essential source of information
but with very few exceptions most
newspapers have failed to evolve in
order to monetize online content now I
don't say this with any amount of Glee
for decades I worked in the print
industry and I still subscribe to
several old-school newspapers and
magazines but I'll bet you there's an
entire generation of people out there
who have never cracked open a newspaper
and likely never will so it is that the
chair of tour star has been reduced to
singing for a supper like some subway
station busker in his 10-point manifesto
one why we all need to be concerned with
quality journalism it quickly becomes
clear that the real crisis is the
nose-diving market valuation of tourists
our Corp for example in January 20 2004
a tour star share was worth 30 dollars
and 61 cents today that same share
stands at a paltry buck 55 clearly fewer
and fewer people and advertisers for
that matter are buying what the Toronto
Star is selling from an ideological
standpoint this does not surprise me in
the slightest when hundred calls the
Stars content quality journalism I think
much of it qualifies as flake news on
the Stars roster is a litany of far-left
social justice warrior calmness who
frequently dine out on subjects such as
white privilege racism white privilege
sexism white privilege oh did we mention
white privilege and well the Stars
suppose Alisa
scribes to the philosophy of comfort the
afflicted and afflict the comfortable
the newsmakers that the star chooses to
laud and condemn makes one raise a
Sparky and eyebrow for example when it
was revealed last year that an imam at
the Toronto Masjid mosque was preaching
hatred towards Jews the star ran an epic
6,500 word report that essentially
served as a PR piece for the Imam
suggesting all that hateful stuff about
the Jews well it was all a big
misunderstanding something lost in the
translation the apologetic opus was
penned by Jennifer yang the stars
identity and inequality reporter I swear
that's her title identity and inequality
reporter and it's a title that speaks
volumes in terms of the stars social
justice agenda and an event what to do
what to do when the rubes aren't forking
over a loonie for a newspaper anymore
and so many advertisers are abandoning
ship well naturally Honda rec suggests
that taxpayers need to prop up the
falling star he notes quote for the past
several years Ottawa has followed a
digital first strategy emplacement of
federal ads that in turn has led to a
reduction in the proportion of federal
spending for daily newspaper ads by 96%
and for community newspaper ads by 21%
end quote the fatal flaw here as far as
I can see is what does any federal
government need to advertise it's not as
if they're in competition with another
government but if they must advertise
for whatever reason they're obviously
going where the eyeballs are but
snagging more government ads is just the
beginning of tour stars wish list hon
Drake also wants a taxpayer handout a la
the CBC writes on Direct just 1% of
Ottawa's total funding to the CBC would
pay for more than half the Toronto
Star's newsroom oh sure then why not
just put it on the tab plenty of dough
in the taxpayer trough to prop up
something fewer and fewer taxpayers
actually desire besides do you have any
idea how much those imported
silk bowties costs in fact propping up
tor star would be akin to rewarding
failure I point to a fascinating article
in the Financial Post from 2016 in which
author Terry Corcoran examines the
business acumen of tor star over the
last several decades in the final
analysis it seems that almost every time
tourists are made a business decision it
chose wrongly honda wrecking company
probably would have had a better track
record if they base their decisions on a
coin flip in fairness I did reach out to
mr. Han direct for comment his assistant
told me he would be unavailable as in
forever unavailable tour stars head
honcho sure likes to talk a mean game
when it comes to quality journalism but
apparently he has no appetite in
actually contributing to the process in
the meantime he's now reduced to
shilling for a government bailout
facilitated by you the taxpayer doesn't
look like he's gonna get it though but
if he does prevail perhaps the name of
tor stars Hogtown flagship newspaper
should be changed how does the Toronto
daily Bombardier sound for the rebel dot
media I'm David the man Zoid Menzies hey
folks if you like that commentary please
consider becoming a premium rebel
subscriber and never again miss another
rebel video
you
