identity politics and equality of
outcome it's it simply marks his cancer
I've been Davies this is pure Hollywood
in case you missed it a news had a
scandal on its hands when cats Adler
left the flagship show citing the
unethical pay gap between her and her
co-host Jason Kennedy cat was cited
saying quote why is he in your opinion
worth so much more than I am is he
doubly good at his job their response
we're obviously just looking through a
different lens than you yes the old he's
a male and therefore he gets
preferential treatment unquote oh no she
didn't ever take into account the years
that Jason Kenney put into the network
before audience preference and work put
into the channel even a source saying
quote in addition to co-hosting enews
five nights a week
Jason co-host live from the red carpet
one of the week's most lucrative
programs and host E news weekend every
Saturday and Sunday while cat was one of
three hosts of daily pop and co-hosted
enews twice a week unquote oh god I
guess I mean that puts it in perspective
well oh well this social justice hero is
obviously not dramatically problematic
for this channel
Kat Sadler must have also forgot to
realize that Jason Kennedy's former
co-host who was a woman was paid three
times his salary because she had worked
at E news for years before him and was
their headline girl for years what man
inequality right really just these these
buzzwords of wage equality wage gaps and
Fair Pay are just buzzwords the idea
that your skill your work ethic your
loyalty to the employers are somehow
equal to everyone else's no matter what
is absolute Marxist nonsense not to
mention you're condemning your employer
in but de facto your co-host because
you're being paid less for less hours
work less responsibility in less time
with the company but hey at least cat
can feel like a hero and maybe even be a
beacon of hope for those who don't want
to be judged on the content of their
character but rather based on sexism the
patriarchy and cuz I just I don't want
to and you offered this happening with
different mu salaries to where everyone
just deserves to be paid equally no
matter what when that is not always the
case but hey if this
those Marxist mentality is gonna be
great right sounds like a really good
idea right no I've been days this is
pure Hollywood all right if you like
this video and others like it please
consider becoming a premium member to
the rebel that way you'll have first
access to pure Hollywood and the entire
rebel lineup
you
