look at this news today hard left-wing
MP commissioned a poll about trans
mountain pipeline the stats show I'm
quoting here of the 938 British
Columbians surveyed by incites West
that's the polling company 48 percent
said they support the pipeline expansion
while 44 percent opposed it and nine
percent were undecided and by the way
that support has actually gone up in the
past few months so the first point is
it's amazing that after a decade of
professional slander paid for by anti or
extremist groups that more British
Columbians want the pipeline to perceive
the domes and that's in a poll bought
and paid for by an NDP MP so the first
piece of good news is not all British
Columbians or Kooks I'd like to see the
wording of the question but but here's
the other takeaway from the poll of
those who are opposed 23% they would
said they would consider acts of civil
disobedience aimed at stopping or
disrupting construction this is the kind
of result that keeps me up at night with
worry
stuart said in the press release yes I'm
sure it keeps him up at night an NDP who
opposes the pipeline but let's just take
a look at a 23% of 40% that's that's 10%
of the people in the survey say they
would do civil disobedience to stop the
pipeline now let's say 90 percent of
those people are just being tough guys
on the phone with pollsters barroom
Napoleon's as they call them but in real
life they're actually soya milk drinking
vegetarian Green Party hippies but but
even if one percent of British
Columbians really mean it when they say
they would engage in civil disobedience
and even if 90% of them were just too
busy or couldn't make it out to an event
so it's one in a thousand British
Columbians and remember civil
disobedience doesn't mean violence right
it just means peaceful but illegal
protests so let's say one in ten of
those people would go further they'd be
they do crimes so we're looking at 1 in
10,000 British Columbians work with me
here just stay with me
so let's say 1 in 10,000 British
Columbians really would engage in some
kind of violence or other
criminal act to stop a pipeline well
look there are 4.6 million people in
British Columbia one in 10,000 them
ready to do something violent or
criminal that's four hundred and sixty
people i absolutely believe that's true
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levante show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
