so we didn't take long for the first
political controversy of the Winter
Olympics erupt at least on the field of
play and it was all about the artwork on
a goalie mask you know only the puck
heads running the International Olympic
Committee could possibly take exception
to artwork found on a piece of sports
equipment indeed check out the goalie
mask of Nicole Hensley the artwork looks
gorgeous to me but do you see something
that might make an IOC Sports Kratt take
offense well it's that stylized
rendition of the Statue of Liberty how
dare those Americans flaunt that
apparently the image of Lady Liberty
makes for a political statement and at
one point it seemed as though Rooney was
going to have to cover up Miss Liberty
burka style so that the US women's
hockey team wouldn't be in violation of
IOC edicts
here's the deal according to a
Washington Post article IOC officials
had pointed out there are clear rules
governing what symbols can and cannot be
used at the games in a stunning piece of
bureaucrat he's known as the guidelines
regarding authorized identifications
these rules allow for national colors
name flag and emblems to be used to
visually enhance the national identity
of things like jerseys and equipment but
the rules also state no item may feature
the wording or lyrics from national
anthems motivational words public /
political messaging or slogans related
to national identity wow I think I just
got cross-checked by Scott Stevens but
here's the translation for those who
also feel concussed according to the IOC
an image of the Statue of Liberty might
be interpreted by some as a political
symbol and that's a big no-no besides as
we all know the IOC is as pure as the
driven snow well not really
the IOC is one of the most corrupt
organizations in the world that's not an
exaggeration by the way in fact there
have been entire books written about the
IOC racket such as the new Lords of the
Rings author Andrew Jennings details
numerous scandals from how bribes were
paid to win gold medals for Korean
boxers and the C ol Olympics to Berlin's
bid for the 2000 Olympics being so
corrupt that the state parliament had to
set up an inquiry but one of the most
shameful scams is the one that hurts
taxpayers directly even those who have
no interest in the Olympics and it works
like this cities vying for a future
Olympic Games spend millions of dollars
in the bidding process to woo the IOC
decision-makers but in many cases they
are unaware of the fact that a final
decision has already been made in secret
in terms of which city is getting the
games I think that's a variation of bait
and switch
and when it comes to the IOC zone iconic
symbol the five interlocked multicolored
rings well the IOC will sell that symbol
to anyone who cuffs up a multi-million
dollar sponsorship fee which is why we
often witness the perversity of a
junk-food manufacturer attaching its
brand to an Olympic athlete but back to
that controversial artwork thankfully
the IOC was eventually convinced to let
Rooney where her goalie mask as is and
in the aftermath of goalie mask 8 this
kerfuffle is now being spun as a mere
misunderstanding but actually the IOC
outsmarted itself because you want to
know something
the IOC was right the statue of Lady
Liberty is a political symbol but it's a
symbol to embrace not entomb after all
the most recognizable phrase associated
with the statue is from the sonnet by
Emma Lazarus new colossus namely give me
your tired your poor your huddled masses
yearning to breathe free the full sonnet
is inscribed on a plaque near the iconic
statue one that millions of migrants
over the decades have observed coming
into New York Harbor fleeing tyranny to
pursue the American dream as for Lady
Liberty herself clutched in her left
hand is a tablet inscribed with the date
July 4th 1776 the day the United States
adopted the Declaration of Independence
one of the most profound and important
documents ever authored in the history
of people kind so yes Lady Liberty is a
political symbol but she represents the
polar opposite of the odious value set
championed by the despotic regime South
Korea shares its border with how
perversely ironic that Lady Liberty
could be considered a liability whereas
the sister of dictator Kim jong-un is
being regular many mainstream media
types as the belle of the Winter
Olympics does the IOC a war
a gold medal for lunacy in any event
next time some IOC social justice
warrior has an issue with artwork on a
face mask perhaps they should just take
up that complaint with the goaltender
who plays for Team Camp Crystal Lake for
the rebel media I'm David the men's ID
Menzies hey folks if you like that
commentary please consider becoming a
premium subscriber and never miss
another rebel video
you
