who do the intelligence agencies of
United States work for are they
independent fiefdom swith their own
political identity what do they serve
under the President of the United States
for the interests of the national
security of all Americans right now the
media is spinning around the story of
Rob Porter the individual who apparently
had a history of domestic abuse and lied
about it when he went to work at the
White House and was recently fired or
asked to resign the story as to who knew
what when will undoubtedly eventually
come out but the porter case should
illuminate a much larger and more
significant and disturbing issue and
that's the question of who controls
security clearances in the United States
today and is there political bias in my
experience the answer that question is
the agencies are out of control I served
as a politically commissioned officer to
the President as his strategist and
Deputy Assistant in that role at the
beginning of the administration I
detailed or requested to have detailed
three members of the FBI over to the
White House to help build our office
these are people I had trained had
taught in the past at graduate school
who were the best of the best that
exercise of a Deputy Assistant
requesting a by-name detail to the White
House should have been easy because the
FBI liked all aspects of the executive
works for the president however they
never arrived at the White House why
because that request was slow rolled was
blocked by the FBI for six months until
I found out from an FBI agent that the
current leadership of the FBI
individuals who had been promoted to
those positions under the Obama
administration looked at the White House
as the enemy secondly there were
numerous cases of highly qualified
individuals who had had security
clearances in the past who were not
given new ones or didn't have their old
ones renewed people who are coming into
very high positions directorships of the
National Security Council but who for
some reason most often political were
not deemed worthy of having their
security clearance renewed by the CIA
which controls the sei the special
compartmented information part of the
top secret clearance needed at that
level now the president if he wishes can
employ anybody he can use waivers even
if the agencies don't wish to provide a
clearance but it's very unusual
just ask Ben Rhodes Ben Rhodes President
Obama's deputy national security was
denied even an interim security
clearance by the FBI for something he
did in the past nevertheless President
Obama waived that issue and he was
granted full access to the White House
for eight years now the question today
is who controls the clearance process at
the end of the day the whole
intelligence community is there to serve
the president's decision-making process
so that the national interests of the
United States are vouched safe the
Porter incident should be the moment
where Donald Trump reassert control over
the clearance process and make sure the
political bias can never be allowed to
obstruct an individual coming to work
for the interests of the United States
thanks for watching if you want to see
the rest of my videos please subscribe
to the rebel media YouTube channel and
don't forget to follow me on twitter at
said Gawker that's Seb geo RKA and if
you like this video please share it on
Facebook and Twitter because the fake
news industrial complex has been lying
for far
are too long and with your help we can
get the truth out
