Clint Eastwood's 1517 to Paris was
released worldwide this weekend it's
similar to other movies released this
year like three billboards outside up in
Missouri call me by your name and the
shape of water in that they're set in
America portraying what American life is
like the only difference is one of these
is a true story and the others are
disgusting image that left as fanatics
wish you to believe I'm then Davies this
is pure Hollywood
the 1517 to Paris is the true story of
three best friends of different
backgrounds and races with only one
thing in common their love for God in
country when these men grow up by a
miracles chance they find themselves
locked in a train standing between an
armed terrorist with 300 rounds of
ammunition and hundreds of innocent
people behind them as others run and
flee these men on foreign soil raced
towards danger to put their lives on the
line to save others well jeez that does
not sound like those other racist
selfish towns of people depicted in
those other oscar-nominated films and
what's unfortunate is these Hollywood
critics and foreign press voters may
believe that this story is the one
that's a work of fiction welcome to the
only America that I've seen and
experienced in my lifetime
other than the liberal run cities on the
coast Clint Eastwood's goal was to make
sure that every second a moment in the
film was as authentic as he possibly
could be including using the actual
heroes that put their lives on the line
and the victims that were shot including
random by standards they literally
pulled everyone to try to make this
scenes exactly as they were with the
real people now none actors have been
used to tell stories before like act of
Valor and haywire however nothing on
this scale and not as much weight on the
actual characters performance and
dialogues like it was in this movie
let's get into it spoilers ahead my
viewer review is a three out of five now
this film will not land with everyone
and there's a few reasons for that first
off if you don't know that most of the
actors and performance in this movie are
non actors then you may be a little bit
confused because you can tell there's
something off a little bit different
when you watch them on screen while
other moments of this film are so
intense you can literally feel your
pulse through your body in many of the
heavy dialogue scenes Clint ask these
actors or non actors to just improv many
of their lines what did you say in this
particular situation this makes some of
the dialogue scenes lag a little bit but
can make some moments even more surreal
than any movie you've seen well it's
also kind of funny there's a lot of
selfies in this movie because this is
the actual places where they took these
photos that you can find online pretty
interesting there's three main parts of
the movie the one part of them growing
up is very heartwarming you can see this
amazing friendship form between these
three guys then there's the three guys
but as adults trekking through Europe
which is kind of like a little bit
underwhelming because you're waiting to
see what happens and then there's the
train scene that is one of the most
vivid and unbelievable sequences I've
ever seen as a critic I'll give this
movie a three out of five
this movie is shot absolutely
wonderfully for just having three non
actors trek around Europe for about an
hour of the film clinics we put together
a masterful piece and the train scene is
one of the best sequences I've seen in
years like this 15 minute sequence
should
a ward of some kind another interesting
element this movie is when they splice
in the real footage
it's exactly like you've seen on the
screen the entire time because the real
actors you don't get to see any movies
like American sniper for instance
obviously Bradley Cooper doesn't look
exactly like Chris Kyle but in this
movie it's just incredible because it is
the real guys the footage looks
fantastic together
however this movie does drag a little
bit and I think they could have cut at
least 30 minutes out of this film -
taken down from its two hour runtime -
about an hour and a half faith in values
I'm gonna give this movie a 5 out of 5
BAM
what is so awesome this movie is the
theme of god in country and how it
didn't have to be contrived in a room
with a writer with an agenda Clint
Eastwood wanted them to play their role
so they could put their own words and
recreate the scenes before you and bring
greater clarity in the childhood
friendships they form on-screen their
early years these young boys are focused
on prayer and defending their country
and the ones they love Spencer stones
character in the movie says the same
prayer over and over and over again
asking the Lord to give him purpose and
courage in his life there was also a
strong theme of purpose and miracles in
the film captured in the actual events
that they recreated the purpose given to
them by so many choices trying to lead
them away from Paris not even going to
Paris never being on the train in
general is awesome to see and the
miracles of the actual bullet in the
chamber not firing as Spencer races
towards the attacker is absolutely
incredible
even saying in the movie that would be
about a one in a million chance of this
thing not going off there's also a scene
the new that absolutely love for the -
single moms are drug in the classroom
saying that well you need to put your
boys on these focus enhancing drugs
because they can't pay attention and the
one mom says oh you want me to make your
job easier by drugging my son my god is
bigger than your drugs which I
absolutely love as someone who suffered
from a DD in dyslexia his entire life
and my mother encouraged me to just
learn a different way and go these in
worthless classes that we're gonna teach
me anything anyway yes we finished on
the Dean's List when I finally got out
of foreign language and those ridiculous
Gender Studies prerequisites that I had
to take your boy overall this movie is
unlike any film you will probably ever
see and it's message of faith in Jesus
Christ patriotism and true friendship as
well as sacrifice and bravery makes the
15:17 to Paris definitely worth the
watch I've been Davies this is pure
Hollywood and another fantastic news you
can now download the rebel up and take
me with you wherever you go to get
exclusive content and the entire rebel
lineup
you
