maybe you consider Valentine's Day to be
a romantic occasion maybe you're a cynic
and consider this day to be cheesier
than a bucket full of Bulgarian feta but
if you reside in Pakistan where
Valentine's Day has a fish lady being
declared on Islamic well February the
14th might just resemble this in this
town on Valentine's Day everybody loses
their heart one is dead
as we all know Pakistan is a majority
Muslim country and as we are told ad
nauseam Islam is the religion of peace
so then how does one explain that the
Pakistani government has issued a fatwa
on Cupid according to a story in the
Daily Mail the Pakistani powers-that-be
have declared a jihad on Valentine's Day
evidently giving a heart-shaped box of
chocolates to your sweetheart is anti
Islamic now I'm no scholar when it comes
to the Quran but I'll bet you a dozen
long-stem roses there's no prohibition
of Valentine's Day in that holy book
indeed in recent years a growing number
of young Pakistanis have become quite
enamored with Valentine's Day and the
tradition of giving flowers and balloons
and stuffed animals has grown in
popularity just check out these photos
of merchants selling Valentine's Day
themed merchandise prior to the ban
being enacted but for the hardliners in
Pakistan such a demonstration of
affection is cause for alarm as well
some see Valentine's Day as being a
Western import that's apparently a bad
thing so it was that a court last year
been any public celebrations on
Valentine's Day saying it was against
Islam and promotes Western culture
things only worsen this year when
Pakistanis media Regulatory Authority
acting on a court order recently
instructed all TV news channels radio
stations and print media to refrain from
promoting Valentine's Day oh and if
you're an unapologetic romantic who
plans to celebrate Valentine's Day in
Pakistan in defiance of such court
edicts then you'd best be aware of
street justice in 2013 activists Sabine
Mahmud staged a let love happen protest
in Karachi to counter calls for a ban on
Valentine's Day two years later and what
could have been a scene taken from the
eighty slash or movie My Bloody
Valentine Sabine was assassinated when
two gunmen
hold up next to her vehicle at a traffic
light and sprayed it with bullets now
granted Pakistan is a world away from
Canada yet one must ponder a Pakistani
import to Canada is ikura Khalid the
Liberal MP responsible for the anti
Islamophobia motion m103 incredibly we
still don't have a definition for
Islamophobia so at some stage in the
future of our great Dominion will some
Islamist activists claim that our
celebration of Valentine's Day is as
Lama phobic given how this day is
treated in CERN islamic republic's i
know such a hypothetical question may
sound outrageous but we do live in
stupefying times and this only points to
the folly of m103 after all I would
argue that many of the Pakistanis who
are in Canada today left their homeland
because they didn't care to reside in a
place where the government actually
deemed something like Valentine's Day to
be a threat and the same transplanted
Pakistanis are perhaps watching in
horror as aspects of Sharia law are
following them over to Canada including
a state sanctioned motion that Islam is
beyond criticism so happy Valentine's
Day folks enjoy it while you still can
for the rebel dot media I'm David the
men's ID Menzies hey folks if you like
that commentary please consider becoming
a rebel premium subscriber and never
miss another rebel video
you
