new information is surfaced that raises
serious and troubling questions about
Robert Muller's prosecution of General
Michael Flynn new questions surrounding
the investigation and a General Michael
Flynn and whether or not the charges of
him making false statements the federal
investigators are even warranted now I
don't believe they are if you follow me
on Twitter I say pretty much every day
that I believe General Michael Flynn is
an American Hero someone who deeply
loves this nation someone who decided to
buck thief state and he paid the price
for it well really disturbing new
information is coming out there's a
piece I'm reading here in the Washington
Examiner written by Byron Newark Byron R
York has been doing outlets standing
outstanding work on the Obama Gate issue
and this piece is entitled homie told
Congress FBI agents didn't think Michael
Flynn lied and the gist of the story is
as such you know the back story on this
in January of 2017 FBI agents showed up
in the White House Office of then
National Security Advisor General
Michael Flynn to engage in a
conversation with him
by all accounts that are now coming to
light
general Flynn did not even realize he
was under investigation
general Flynn hooked the meeting as
normal course of business leader stroke
a senior FBI counterintelligence guy
counter-terror guy as well coming in to
talk to the National Security Advisor
not at all unusual senior FBI people are
in and out of the White House all day
long often speaking to the National
Security Council the National Security
Adviser domestic policy advisors things
of that nature
a lot of business to discuss when you're
governing the United States of America
well it turned out that they were in
fact there to investigate general Flint
now if he didn't know that and he wasn't
given the benefit of counsel in other
words when you are our law enforcement
officer if I'm going to your office to
talk to you about a general situation
I'm going to your office to say hey
general what's going on around here and
you make an incriminating statement what
we call in law enforcement a spontaneous
utterance you can use that statement can
be used to encrypt and I said I would
say within the normal course of
conversation it wasn't an interrogation
he wasn't in any kind of passive custody
I wasn't questioning him as a means to
an end he just blurted out I did it or I
know who did it or yep there were my
drugs on the table I can use that
against the first and I can arrest the
person I can prosecute the person but I
can't go to their office with the
intention of questioning them not giving
them the benefit of counsel I can't go
to their office and question them and if
they decide to get up and leave I say
nope you can't leave yet we're still
talking because then I've got them in
passive custody I'm interrogating them
and that goes to the heart of the
Miranda rights as a law enforcement
officer I have to mirandize that suspect
or the right remain silent you've right
to an attorney inside
I can't just question them under false
pretenses of a conversation ask them
pointed questions that I'm now using
court an investigation into this
individual without giving them the
benefit of counsel but in my opinion the
general Flynn of a conversation which I
believe was an interrogation was flawed
from the get-go
well now it's even more disturbing
because apparently at that time in
January I believe was January 24th of
2017 investigators didn't believe
general Flynn lied yeah there were
rumors that he had lied to vice
president Mike Pence
but that's not a crime one White House
official lying to another is not a crime
in fact the president of the United
States to whom the National Security
Adviser reports could have said to
general Flynn hey general Flynn you're
not to speak to anyone but me if anyone
else asks you about this matter
just give them a story make up a story I
don't care what you do and there's
nothing remotely illegal about that the
president is the commander in chief the
national security adviser is within his
chain of command subordinate to him
obviously and the president can order
him to do that but if there were White
House officials lying to one another as
a matter of internal politics that's not
illegal that's not a matter for the
Department
or the FBI any more than it would be if
two people at a company lied to each
other hey did you have lunch with the
boss last week no I didn't have lunch
with the boss don't even like the guy
meanwhile you and the boss are best
friends that might be bad policy that
might cause hard feelings but it's not
illegal law enforcement doesn't get
involved for that and the same stands
true for the White House they weren't
lying about things that endangered the
United States the president was in the
loop
the vice president wasn't now do I think
general Flynn should have lied to the
vice president if the president didn't
order him to do so no and and maybe he
should have resigned and maybe there
should have been consequence since we
don't know why he decided not to
disclose the general Flynn it could very
well have been that the President
ordered him to do so the resignation and
firing is a completely different issue
should have never been a criminal
investigation into General Mike Flynn
now it was highly illegal that general
Flynn's conversations would surge a kiss
Lee act the Russian diplomat in the US
were leaked that is highly illegal
those were highly classified
conversations and the speculation is
that someone in the Obama Justice
Department leaked those conversations
but again the FBI is saying that what
general Flynn and kiss lack spoke about
was not illegal homi testified to
Congress that there was nothing unusual
on those intercepts
now Comey should have been more worried
that they leaked and the FBI should have
been investigating who the leaker wasn't
prosecuting them for leaking classified
information to the media but the
summoned substance the content of the
conversation wasn't illegal in fact it
again was his job he was the national
security adviser speaking to a Russian
diplomat and he was essentially saying
to Kiselyov and I'll paraphrase what's
come out hey look there's no need for
sanctions against each other here
there's a new administration let's all
keep our powder dry let's see how things
shake out between our two countries and
go from there and we want that we want
the incoming administration to converse
with adversaries I see Russia as an
adversary not an enemy we're not in a
shooting war with them they're not an
enemy but they're certainly not a friend
it's an adversarial relationship we
still have business and diplomatic ties
so I want my incoming national security
adviser as an American to be speaking to
Russian diplomats to be saying things
like general Flynn allegedly said hey
look no need to take any draconian
action against each other right now no
need to be too aggressive there's a new
administration coming in with different
outlook on the world a different outlook
on trade and business and foreign policy
let's all just take a breath step back
for a second see up being shake out and
let's renegotiate this in February March
April may be perfectly reasonable I
would I would argue commendable
conversation for our National Security
Advisor to have with a Russian diplomat
but there were key players in the Obama
administration names you know and as a
conservative names that will frustrate
you
who decided to turn general Flynn's
normal business day into something
nefarious and criminal and I think what
they did was the Farias in criminal and
who are they
I'm gonna tell you on my new hour-long
show off the cuff Declassified gonna go
much deeper into this I'm gonna have on
great guests check the show out if you
like this content please subscribe to
our premium service at www.mediaed.org
a much more efficient and easy way to
get all of our great content I use it
myself every day you're already a
subscriber thank you very very much
thank you so much for watching I'll be
back with you tomorrow
you
