okay this one's just gonna be fun for me
so a few years back I was having dinner
with the Hollywood exact he asked me
about a friend who's a director was like
when is this guy gonna make his first
movie and I said he's just waiting for
the right script the guy busted out
laughing looked around leaned in and
said Ben see everyone in here they're
all looking for the right script one of
the beauties of film is there's no one
formula there's no one way to guarantee
that the audience is going to like said
movie there's something that it's just
intangible and organic that cannot
predict the way an audience is going to
receive a movie make people literally
spend millions and millions of millions
of dollars trying to figure this out and
sometimes the only explanation is that
God chose what is foolish in the world
to shame the wise that's the model like
two country brothers working in a church
with zero film experience that have
created some of the most successful
independent movies of all time such as
the 2011 Christian film courageous on
Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood
Britta's was directed by Alex Kendrick
was made for about two million dollars
in gross just over thirty-five million
dollars worldwide and pulled an
additional twenty five million dollars
in DVD sales the kender Brothers movies
have baffled many moviegoers and
creators alike and there is a laundry
list of people attempting to recreate
the magic that the kenick brothers
always seem to find and what is so
interesting about the series that they
have created is they're all unique
they're all unorthodox with only one
thing in common
but we'll get to that later my view
review is going to be a four out of five
now according to the critics this got a
30% on Rotten Tomatoes but they got an
86 from viewers and almost 30,000 people
voted on it there was one incredible
performance by the rookie cop played by
Ben Davies totally kidding my
performance is not nearly as good as
this story in the movie that it actually
is but what this movie does so well is
it's not flat there is something
literally for everyone there's action
suspense adventure romance passion
fatherhood there's you're on the edge of
your seat for like half the movie as
well as going through some of the most
emotional moments in a Christian film
that I have ever seen including one now
viral video on YouTube that is a comedy
scene that just has you laughing and
tears only be clear having something for
everyone and keeping you on a roller
coaster is much much much harder than it
seems one of the reasons why it works in
this movie so well is that everyone has
some relationship to a father and that
is one of the main themes of the movie
so whether your father was a terrific
figure for you whether he was absent
whether he was bad whether he was
indifferent everyone will be able to
relate to at least some part of this
movie and because the father figure is
so important in everyone's life you were
invested from the very beginning as well
as having a really fun cop and robber
kind of story going along with it in a
compelling be story that keeps you
emotionally invested throughout the film
now for my critic review I'm also gonna
give this movie a four out of five I've
mentioned before in movies particularly
that are drama films the score is very
very very important to get you through
some of these expositional scenes where
it's just two people talking and setting
up the story going at there's a great
score throughout it and they do a great
job of pacing the film now let me
explain pace for a second if there's a
slow pace to the film it's boring it's
like flatline you'll feel this in some
movies we're like man I almost fell
asleep during the middle or I got really
bored the beginning or at the end if you
pace a movie well you stagger different
events to keep you invested for the
example when the movie gets
Hevy right in the middle there are some
very important comedy scenes woven in
the middle of these scenes to break up
the really tough emotional draw of these
other scenes that are sandwiched in the
middle as well as some very particular
action sequences when the movie starts
to low loft where there's a lot of
conversation emotional build and story
set up you have these action kind of
adventure sequences that get you back
alive so you care more as you can get
through those scenes it was meticulously
crafted in the pace the way they
constructed the story now for my faith
review I'm gonna give this movie a 5 out
of 5 shocking I know now in this faith
and value section I'm gonna get to that
through line that is the only thing in
common with all the films that they made
starting with flywheel facing the giants
then fireproof with Kirk Cameron
courageous and war room was the most
recent after each one of these films the
Kennedy brothers take a year off and
start praying for what is a message that
the people need to hear now they pray
about and the Lord leads into a
direction for example courageous and
they wanted to focus on fatherhood what
the Bible says about fathers in general
also is it part of the breakdown of our
culture in America currently the single
motherhood rate has skyrocketed Etra
mental impact on the children and this
is due to fathers abandoning their
families I'm not gonna get into all the
verse just because the movie does a
terrific job explaining the job of
fathers in the home but what I do want
to explain is why this works in this
movie and how it doesn't work in a lot
of other films as you've seen mainly
because these guys understand the medium
itself and what movies need to be about
and it's not because of the college they
went to or the teaching that they
received
I truly believe it's the prayer
discipline the Lord blessing their
project so basically is this a movie
script is not a devotion you need
characters that you love you need a
compelling story an interesting
situation courageous does this you have
a very diverse group of people all
coming from very unique backgrounds in a
pressure cooker situation with these
police officers they're tracking down
this crazy gang surge in the area
there's also a very inspiring beef story
of a man trying to provide for his
family but throughout this there are
incredible loads that create this
rollercoaster and there is also comedy
and all the characters are believable
and justified in their actions no one's
flat everyone is very dynamic anyway
even if you didn't respect the medium of
the film knowing what the audience needs
to sit in the seat and how it's not just
a book or devotion you could miss all
these points because you're just
focusing on getting the message of what
the Bible says about fatherhood across
and though it may be entirely accurate
it may not have been
as well by the audience fatherhood was
the theme of the movie itself it wasn't
the story and the character they were
powerful and compelling tools to help
convey it Makenna brothers have done
this masterfully in many of their films
fireproof being about what the Bible
says about marriage but you're being
shown it through a complex marriage in
this incredible situation of being a
firefighter and the responsibility that
you're given because of it Warren
message being about prayer and how
important it is but you're sent an
incredible emotional roller coaster
again when you're following this man and
his wife going through what it means to
be married and staying together it's
very complex not easily recreated it is
incredible to see what the kinder
brothers have been able to do in their
movies if you haven't seen these I
really really really encourage you to go
see them they're fantastic I'm Bette
Davis this is pure Hollywood and another
fantastic news you can now download the
rebel up and take me with you wherever
you go to get exclusive content and the
entire rebel lineup
you
