here's what I find really perversely
ironic in a way Rob I mean you had in
the UK the Foreign Office there with
taxpayer funding by hijabs to hand out
to people on world hijab day meanwhile
in Islamic Republic's such as Iran you
have woman in the streets of Tehran
actually tearing their hijabs off
putting them on sticks burning them even
saying we don't want to be dictated to
by this regime of what to wear and to me
these women are incredibly courageous
yet where is the where's the left where
is the feminist movement in championing
you know this incredible civil
disobedience of Muslims in Islamic
regimes doing this instead they're
turning all their attention to isn't it
great to see non-muslims donning a hijab
in the West exactly you'd think the
primary opponents of feminists nowadays
Western feminists would be Islamists and
you know these countries with these you
know just oppressive dogmas but they're
not and perhaps you know leftists are
just not are just not the most
industrious of people they want to
instead concentrate on these you know
petty things you know mansplaining may
interrupting taking up too much space on
the train perhaps it could be out of
laziness but it also could be because
the left at the end of the day is an
ideology that is about power it's about
first kind of getting the means to power
and and then also you know exercising it
and clamping down on any dissent so it's
definitely something that you know it's
bolstered by platitudes on campus you
have Millennials who are seduced into
you know voting with Democrats I think
it's the cool thing to do indeed like I
was rather a political up until a couple
of years ago I you know thought like you
know Democrats is the cool thing to be
liberal to be progressive right it
sounds good that word has loads of
positive connotations in it of course
when you actually go beyond the you know
all love is equal and all the platitudes
he actually begins to look into the
policies it tends to not pan out the way
that it's advertised often hey that was
an excerpt from my weekly show rebel
roundup in which we highlight the best
stories of the week with your favorite
rebels if you want to see the full show
please sign up to become a Premium
Member
you
