I think the world's media has forgotten
about that very brief and exciting
moment right around new years that I
think a lot of us thought that maybe
things would be different and maybe Iran
would be able to be free again how does
that rebellion going mm you know 70 45
days later well it's still alive and
thank you for having me on I find it to
be a great privilege to serve as a
mouthpiece for those that are in Iran
who wish to get their message out it's
just taken on a different form
unfortunately the Western media just
doesn't have access to activists on the
ground and the various factions of the
movement this movement is called in the
lobby Dottie which means oh the
awakening revolution where people are
waking up and it split into various
protest movements obviously you don't
see the crowds in the street anymore
because as you very well known the
Bessie G's and the Revolutionary Guards
crack down pretty pretty you know
violently on the protesters so what's
happened now is you know we have there's
some that are spray-painting graffiti of
death to hominy death to the Islamic
Republic on various government buildings
and bridges and commercial you know
commercial buildings we have one faction
called the restart movement which tends
to be a little bit more violent they're
calling for burning down various prayer
centers and government buildings and
it's typically done at night time like
you know 3:00 4:00 in the morning when
there's lots of footage that's coming
out and then you have obviously you know
the women's movement which is in
defiance of the forced veil or a job
where women are defiantly removing their
veils and waving their their their veils
in
public as a sign of camaraderie with the
women who were arrested there are 29
women who are arrested during those
protests for removing their veils so
there it's taken on a different form you
have union workers and labour workers
that are that are protesting that
they're not going to work they haven't
gotten paid in over six months mm-hmm
just the other day we had
taxi taxi drivers who just stopped
working and you have video footage of
these taxi drivers just to have parked
cars they're not you know they're not
willing to go to work and now you have
Bessie G's and the Revolutionary Guard
members who are removing their uniforms
and taking pictures of their you know
their batons their their handcuffs and
writing letters saying taking pictures
of their uniforms saying that we no
longer support this regime we stand with
people that's an excerpt from my daily
TV show the yeas relevant show normally
it's behind a paywall but I thought
you'd like this video so we put it on
YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including
always two interviews today and I read
my hate mail just click on this screen
and become a Premium Member
you
