are we finally witnessing some
much-needed blowback regarding the
witch-hunt element of the me2 movement
thanks to the outrageous accusations
against TV Ontario host Steve Paikin let
us all hope so
former Toronto mayoral tea candidate
Sarah Thompson dropped a bombshell the
other day accusing TVO host Steve Paikin
of inappropriately propositioning her
allegedly he offered her a spot on his
TV show if Thompson would sleep with him
now it should be noted that nothing has
been proven in a court of law and unless
and until the real facts come out we are
left trying to assess the likelihood of
the allegation by Sarah Thompson as
being true and at the same time we need
to consider the reliability of the
denial by Steve Paikin
that being said regardless of where you
reside on the political spectrum I would
argue that anyone who has ever met Mr
Paikin would have an easier time
believing that the world is flat then
buying Thompson's allegations as well
why would he have made such an offer to
Sarah Thompson given that one Thompson
who was a fringe candidate for mayor of
Toronto is yesterday's news and two
Thompson is known as a publicity hound
Steve Paikin on the other hand is a
professional and has always seemed to
demonstrate himself to be a paragon of
fairness he's committed to ethical
journalism and he's an all-around nice
guy
the idea that he'd make such a
proposition to Sarah Thompson just
strains credulity nevertheless according
to a Toronto Star story Thompson
recently wrote on her website that
during the 2010 mayoral tea campaign she
and her Executive Assistant
had lunch with quote the host of a
political talk show end quote to discuss
another appearance wrote Thompson not
five minutes into the lunch the host
asked me if I would sleep with him
my assistant almost spit his drink all
over the table Thompson then claims she
politely declined Bacon's alleged offer
she then went to the washroom and called
her campaign manager who advised her to
leave what she allegedly did Thompson
said in her email to Paykan which was
obtained by the Starr
that her executive assistant went back
to their office after lunch and told the
quote entire campaign team you weren't
interested in discussing the show but
instead wanted to sleep with me end
quote
but here's where things make one raise a
spa key and eyebrow Ryan Kelly told the
star he worked as an assistant for
Thompson during her 2010 campaign but
Kelly says he has no knowledge of
Thompson meeting with bacon and he says
he was also not aware of the allegations
Thompson is currently making against
Paikin just so we all know who it is
we're talking about here when it comes
to the accuser check out Sarah Thompson
presenting her well thought-out transit
policy doing her last doom campaign for
mayor of Toronto and kids whatever you
do don't forget to put on your 3d
glasses for full effect
if you think the five men trans and
LaToya
Oh
wow what a States woman Maggie Thatcher
eat your heart out that wasn't the first
time she's tackled transit issues
however with music videos why can't I
get from A to B a line of cars is all I
see but no one wants to pay
saying no more taxes my dear we've gotta
see the facts today she makes you wonder
if she was running for mayor of Toronto
or to be a host at MuchMusic now in the
department of full disclosure I must
mention that I have a bit of a history
with Sarah Thompson when I worked at the
now-defunct Sun News Network
she took exception to one of my
commentaries in which I stated that I
didn't believe her when she alleged that
a former Toronto Mayor had made a series
of inappropriate and unwanted remarks
and advances at her at a public event
Sun News was slapped with a libel notice
from Thompson's lawyer I did an on-air
Mia culpa but when it comes to
inappropriate sexual comments consider
this damning evidence about Sarah
Thompson as initially reported in
Maclean's magazine Thompson once offered
to sleep with media Baron Conrad black
if he would consent to an interview to
be published in her magazine The Woman's
Post when this was made public Thompson
didn't deny she made this offer rather
she fell back on the old hey I was only
joking shtick yeah it was just one of
those people kind moments but if that
zinger was meant to be humorous I'd say
this was one sick joke especially since
it was emanating from someone who headed
up a magazine about female empowerment
but Sarah is someone who seems to want
it both ways
check out this radio interview in which
the woman who would be mayor actually
uses an oral sex metaphor to talk
transit be a little lush you'll hear a
little spam like this like sexy like
your phone's yeah so vote for me because
I want to go down yeah underground class
but in the here and now folks kudos to
TV Ontario for not throwing Steve Paikin
under the bus by removing him from the
Inc
chair based on an unsubstantiated
allegation this is no hashtag me too
moment this is more of a hashtag let's
talk scenario and for his part bacon is
not going quietly into the night rather
he's fired back at Thompson in a 600
word rebuttal it's too long to recite in
its entirety here but here's how it
concludes quote Sarah you and I both
know the incident you described never
happened it's complete fiction to be
clear I did not have sex
suggest request imply or joke about
having sex with you sadly in this day
and age too many people are going to
believe the lie especially when it comes
to this subject I am mortified that in
many people's eyes I have lost the
presumption of innocence that I've
previously enjoyed but I did not do
these things
there is simply no truth to these
allegations you've defamed me Sarah
I have no idea why but you have and I
simply can't allow that to stand the
quest to reclaim my reputation which
you've tried to destroy begins now I
look forward to vindication end quote
I wonder if part of pagans vindication
process will entail the filing of a
multi-million dollar defamation lawsuit
against Thompson and I wonder if he will
get his day in court so to speak or will
he be tried in the court of public
opinion and if that can happen to Steve
Paikin it can happen to any of us for
the rebel dot media I'm David the man
Zoid Menzies hey folks if you like that
commentary please consider becoming a
premium rebel subscriber and never miss
another rebel video
you
