more evidence of collusion with Russia
I'm gonna tell you with whom well we now
have more evidence of collusion with
Russia by Democrats be since this
scandal started the only proof of any
collusion has been by and between
Democrats and Russia Hillary Clinton
uranium one the Podesta group John
Podesta's brother all of those emails
that are flying around during the
uranium one scandal from people like
John Podesta Huma Abedin Cheryl Mills to
Hillary Clinton about the dealings with
Russia we know that the Hillary Clinton
campaign tried to hide their payments to
fusion GPS by funneling those payments
through their law firm Perkins Coie
because fusion GPS was paying British by
Christopher Steele who was using Russian
sources to smear Donald Trump so there
is overwhelming evidence of collusion
with Russia just not on the part of the
Trump campaign but on the part of the
Clinton campaign and Democrats because
we're now finding out that the ranking
Democrat on the Senate Intelligence
Committee Mark Warner was communicating
with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch
in an attempt to reach Christopher
Steele to further it appears smeared
Donald Trump he exchanged text messages
with this guy but more importantly he
didn't notify Senator Warner did not
notify the Senate Intelligence Committee
for around seven months that he was
communicating with these people now I'm
reading it here and it says in a Fox
News piece well throughout the text
exchanges Warner seemed particularly
intent on connecting directly with
Steele without anyone else on the Senate
Intelligence Committee being in the loop
at least initially in one text to the
lobbyist want to wrote that he would
quote rather not have a paper trail end
quote of his messages
that is very very problematic it took
him seven months to notify the rest of
the Senate Intelligence Committee that
he was trying to reach out to
Christopher Steele now remember
Christopher Steele is a guy at two of
Horner's colleagues Republicans Chuck
Grassley and Lindsey Graham over in the
Senate Judiciary Committee have referred
to the Department of Justice for a
criminal investigation and potential
prosecution but you've got a guy that
two senior senators in Lindsey Graham
and chuck Grassley and Lindsey Graham
has been no great ally of President
Trump he was a big never Trump er but
Lindsey Graham finds this problematic
it's problematic well here we have
Lindsey Graham and Chuck Grassley
referring christopher's Steele to the
Department of Justice for investigation
and possible prosecution while Senator
Mark Warner the ranking Democrat on the
Intelligence Committee is trying to
reach out to steel now in fairness the
Grassley Graham letter came later on but
Werner is in the loop on this
intelligence Warner knew that what
Steele had was junk Warner knew there
was no Russia collusion but it appears
he did this as a politician not as
someone overseeing our process and
maintaining its integrity this is
incredibly incredibly disturbing that we
now have what appears to be not only a
weaponized Department of Justice and FBI
but it appears that the Democrats tried
to weaponize the Senate Intelligence
Committee and I don't understand how
Mark Warner can remain on the committee
now let's think about this Jeff Sessions
was forced to recuse himself because
while a sitting u.s. senator he had a
perfectly appropriate commonplace
meeting with Russian diplomat Sergey kis
lyac nothing wrong about that senators
congresspeople
a White House staff meet with foreign
dignitaries foreign diplomats all the
time the Obama administration knew about
sessions meeting with kiss Lee Act they
had no problem with it
the FBI was notified the various and
appropriate intelligence agencies were
notified DOJ was notified sessions
office a State Department was notified
made all the appropriate notifications
that senators congresspeople White House
staffers do agency staffers when meeting
with foreign diplomats there was nothing
remotely unusual about the meeting
happens every day in DC
happens everyday in our government with
the representatives of foreign
governments yet Jeff Sessions pretty
much immediately upon being confirmed as
Attorney General was forced to recuse
himself from the Hillary Clinton email
investigation now we all know that his
recusal was forced by allies of Hillary
or I should say we all strongly suspect
a Mark Warner an investigator the
ranking Democrat who's really an
investigator now on the house and the
ranking Democrat who's really an
investigator now on the Senate
Intelligence Committee a guy who's
helping run this investigation alongside
senator Burr he's communicating behind
the backs of committee members behind
the backs of the DOJ behind the back to
the FBI of the CIA of the State
Department with lobbyists to get to
Russian oligarchs to talk to Christopher
Steele who's feeding bad information at
the FBI and DOJ maybe with the consent
of Comey and McCabe
Warner does this and he's allowed to
remain on the committee there are no
calls for his recusal this is beyond bad
this is beyond problematic but even
worse even worse there are Republicans
giving him cover Republicans are
protecting this guy and you know who's
protecting them well tune into my longer
one-hour show off the cuff Declassified
and I'm gonna name some names if you
like this content you really need to
watch my new longer show off-the-cuff
Declassified where we go deep into these
segments I name names I have great
guests on every day you can only get
that show if you subscribe to our
premium service at www.mediaed.org
it is awesome I'm using it every day not
only to watch my show but to watch all
of the other great shows on the network
the Gorka report Ezreal Avant show
Amanda heads new show we have such great
content we have such great hosts she's
definitely gonna want to download the
app if you're already a subscriber thank
you very very much you have a great
weekend thanks for watching I'll be back
with you on Monday
you
