Canada's foremost environmentalist and
CBC darling David Suzuki is back with
some fresh life advice for the rest of
us eat bugs I say let them eat steak
doctor fruit fly David Suzuki has a new
op-ed in The Huffington Post it has the
usual doomsday cultish warnings you'd
expect from a far left-wing
environmentalist article but let me just
read a little bit of it to you so you
truly truly understand how gross and
unhinged radical tree huggers really are
although vegetarian diets would suffice
to feed humans and drastically reduce
our environmental footprint meat
consumption remains a firmly established
tradition but if we bartered beef pork
or chicken for a handful of insects the
environmental impact of our animal
protein intake would drop dramatically
according to the FAO that's a Food and
Agriculture Organization of the United
Nations of course the United Nations 18%
of all greenhouse gas emissions are
linked to animal husbandry emissions
from insect production are negligible in
relation to the amount of protein
produced insects are especially
effective at converting their food
because they're cold-blooded and
therefore waste less energy to keep warm
you got that want to save the earth from
an impending co2 induced inferno that
actually never seems to happen eat a
maggot speaking of maggots Tsuzuki is an
expert on maggots and he thinks we're
all just maggots in one form or another
just watch one thing of that I've got no
fun and lately is that basically you
know I study fruit flies
and I suddenly realized that basically
we're all fruit flies but going back to
the ridiculous contention that I should
be replacing my steak for a bottle fly
or a mealworm do we really think so
zukie himself would replace his tofu for
a cricket I don't I suspect neither does
he in the very same article Suzuki gives
himself a bit of an out it reads to
reduce our environmental footprint not
everyone needs to incorporate these
crisp delicious anthropods into their
diet changing the diet of farmed animals
could also help people who may not want
to ingest insects themselves would
likely have little problem feeding their
pets insect containing kibble or eating
farmed animals like chickens raised on
insect based feeds okay let's read
between the lines here those people who
can afford to pay more for specialty fed
chicken or dog food like Suzuki can can
avoid eating grasshoppers this is along
the same vein as politicians buying a
carbon credit to offset their air travel
you don't actually have to do the thing
you want others to do to save the carbon
from their air travel you can just claim
to save the earth without changing
behaviors as long as you can afford to
pay more for the indulgence of it all
now I'm willing to bet Suzuki's the kind
of guy who wouldn't lower himself to eat
a hot dog but he wants the rest of us to
live off a diet of bugs he's a hypocrite
Suzuki spent decades telling us the
world is overpopulated saying in an
interview in 2010 that we are consuming
over 80% of the planet's resources even
though we're only 20% of the world's
population we are the major predator on
the planet and then Suzuki said humanity
is on the edge of a major call but
Suzuki well he's got five kids himself
Suzuki spent those same decades telling
us all to use less resources to avoid
that call of humankind and to expend
less carbon in our daily lives yet he
has several houses one of which is in
Australia he literally has to
circumnavigate the globe on a jet to get
to it but you well you have to
he bugs like a human seagull to save the
earth the left are just fine with people
who live one way and preach another as
long as that same person is a good
spokesman for their side and saying
Suzuki is a good spokesperson is really
you know up for debate giving how he
treated researcher Vivian Krause she
claims she was treated very poorly by
David Suzuki in the past he allegedly
told her to f off in a public place when
she tried to introduce herself twice
you're the fish farmer he said I had
barely begun to explain that yes I used
to work in fish farming seven years ago
but before I could say much dr. Suzuki
looked me straight in the eye and
started telling me to F off not just
once then suddenly he seemed to catch
himself and quickly sat down now if an
oil company executive had treated let's
say Environment Minister Catherine
McKenna in that very same way the
progressives would be picketing outside
of his house Suzuki and the fact that
he's still considered a serious
environmentalist despite all of his
blatant hypocrisy says a lot about the
principles of the left is in they don't
seem to have any outside of wanting to
control our lives for the rebel media
I'm Sheila Gunn read I've got some
really exciting news for people like me
who basically live on their phone and
mobile devices the rebel has a brand new
app just go to your App Store Apple or
Android and download the rebel media app
and take us with you wherever you go
