last year a Pakistan born Canadian
Member of Parliament named it khalid
introduced emotion in Canada's House of
Commons to ban criticism of Islam
just like they ban it back in Pakistan
it was Pakistani values not Canadian
values we don't ban criticism of any
religion in Canada in fact it's actually
hardwired right into our Constitution we
have freedom of thought and belief and
religion we have freedom of speech we
can criticize or even despise any
militant we want to especially a
religion that is implicated in so much
uncontested of creeping Sharia law but
not surprisingly the motion called m103
passed of course it did Justin Trudeau
made a strategic calculation before the
last federal election Stephen Harper and
the Conservatives had won over most
pro-israel voters in Canada including
many Jews themselves Trudeau couldn't
beat Harper on that so why try why not
go for the booming Muslim vote sorry I
said booming there are three times as
many Muslims in Canada as there are Jews
and they're often in battleground
ridings it was smart politics and so it
was done Justin Trudeau promoted Omar
algebra the former president of the pro
terrorists anti-semitic Canadian Arab
Federation as his right-hand man to
campaign in the mosques algebra
literally called for terrorist groups
hezbollah and hamas to be legalized in
canada that was the official policy the
Canadian Arab Federation that was the
perfect guy for Trudeau and so while
Trudeau rarely visits churches in Canada
he doesn't go to church he almost never
misses an opportunity to visit a mosque
they spend a lot of time running from me
so yeah Trudeau has gone full Islam Oh
file he does really weird things like
sending out this picture of his mother
and his wife in his jab like head
scarves on Mother's Day that's just
weird
he has recited the Shahada that's the
Islamic prayer that is under Sharia law
the sole requirement to convert to Islam
obviously I don't believe
Joe has converted to Islam the only
thing he worships is himself and Trudeau
panders to say gay pride parades just as
much as he panders to Muslim mosques
where they preach killing gays I'm just
pointing out how Trudeau has gone all-in
with Muslim politics he doesn't actually
believe in any of it
so when Pakistani born equal khalid
introduced m103 Trudeau supported of
course he did not just because he wants
to pander to Muslim voters but because
like with all identity politics he seeks
to divide Canadians into racial and
religious and gender lines to get people
thinking themselves as black or female
or Muslim or whatever instead of just
thinking of themselves as Canadian so
that they're in the individual racial or
ethnic identity takes over any other
sense of being or belonging so it can be
politicized and weaponized and anyone
who opposes that racial taxonomy that
ethnic division well they can be
demonized as racist or sexist or
whatever we saw this when Trudeau was
asked a pretty basic question in
Parliament about returning Isis
terrorists coming back to Canada it was
not a question about Islam it was not a
question about Muslims it was a question
about particular terrorists coming back
to Canada after fighting in Syria but
listen to the end of Trudeau's answer he
accuses the leader the opposition of
Islamophobia for merely asking about it
mr. speaker it's this Prime Minister's
that's de-emphasizing Canadian security
and Canadians are tired
conservatives who amended the Criminal
Code to make it an offense to leave
Canada to fight for Isis it was
conservatives who are focused on giving
our law enforcement new tools to
prosecute Isis fighters this Prime
Minister is using a broad spectrum that
includes poetry and podcasts and all
kinds of counseling and group hug
sessions Mr Speaker when will the prime
minister take the security of Canadians
seriously and look for ways to put these
Isis fighters at a party learned nothing
from the last election and the lessons
Canadians taught them they ran an
election on snitch lines against Muslims
they ran an election on Islamophobia and
division and still they play the same
game trying to scare Canadians the fact
is we always focus on the security of
Canadians and we always will and they
play politics of fear and Canadians
islamophobia yeah if the leader of the
opposition that's his job title whose
purpose is to oppose the government in
question period where it is the time to
oppose the government if he is called an
islamaphobe for merely questioning
Trudeau about returning murderers then
you you mere citizen you have no chance
to you that's the power of the
Islamophobe epithet so of course Trudeau
supported m103
well yesterday the Heritage Committee of
Parliament that was studying the motion
they released their report the committee
was led by Eddie fry she's in charge of
the committee
she's the crackpot Vancouver Member of
Parliament who once stood up in the
House of Commons to claim that there
were KKK crosses burning in the city of
Prince George BC as she spoke she
actually put it that way now it was a
lie in a slander and she later
grudgingly apologized there has never
been a recorded case of a clan burning a
cross in Prince George in that city's
entire history by the way but she loved
making that accusation because if you
were to deny there was a cross burning
what a challenge her in any way that
obviously you're a supporter of the KKK
right I mean it's like when Trudeau
repeated the lied told by the Muslim
girl in Toronto and her mother
a few weeks ago that she had been
attacked by an Asian man with scissors
because of her her jab
it was later exposed as a hoax but
Trudeau didn't care he literally claimed
that the hoax was still proof of a
pattern of Islamophobia he said that
sure it didn't happen he said but it was
part of a terrible pattern he said try
to turn that one over in your mind for a
moment you Islamophobe anyways
Eddie fry was perfect she saw racism
where there was none
she's a perfect fit for the job Trudeau
sees his jab attackers where there are
none that's important if you're going to
condemn millions of Canadians as racist
for the sin of disagreeing with you or
your open border immigration or your
blind support for radicalism you need to
be comfortable with hoaxes and false
accusations and Trudeau definitely is
and so is Hedy Frye so without further
ado let's look at the report that was
finally released by this committee here
it is it's called taking action against
systemic racism and religious
discrimination including Islamophobia
you can find it online pretty quickly
for yourself it's more than 100 pages
long and part of that is because both
the conservative and NDP opposition MPs
have their own sections of the report
I'll talk about those later the liberal
part of the report starts with a list of
recommendations and most of them sound
like boring bureaucratic and
bureaucratic blather but that's the
point set up all the systems and
structures and bureaucracies and staff
and budgets really boring do it really
uneventful II and then when it's all
built and funded will then weaponize it
that's how Canada's various Human Rights
Commission's were done here for example
recommendation number one recommends
updating and reinstating the previous
Canadian action plan against racism and
broadening it to include religious
discrimination through consultations
with civil society grassroots
organizations and interfaith groups it's
a very first recommendation so this
Heritage Committee has just studied
Islamophobia for a month they've spent
millions on it they issued a 100-plus
page report but see the Heritage
Committee it had some opposition MPs on
it and it was all done in the open with
transcripts and recordings very very
accountable so the very first
recommendation by the Liberals is get
rid of the opposition get rid of the
transparency of parliament and just go
do deals with individual NGOs Muslim
groups perhaps like Omar jabbers old
racist NGO no media no opposition keep
this going but get the scrutiny away
here's recommendation number two
recommends the creation of a Directorate
at the Department of Canadian heritage
which will develop implement and monitor
this national action plan well of course
set up a permanent bureaucracy to do
nothing but this again its staff it's
not MP so it's not out in the open no
opposition hire activists working right
out of the Liberal government that's
literally their second recommendation to
perpetuate this whole exercise to make
it a permanent struggle recommendation 3
recommends the plan has measurable
targets deadlines and reporting
mechanisms dedicated resources and
adequate monitoring be implemented to
ensure that the plan is sustainable and
dedicated resources that's how they say
money in Ottawa how many millions of
dollars do you think that this will take
how many staff I'm I'm gonna say just
within the Department of Heritage I'm
gonna say 20 staff and five million
bucks er just to start and of course it
will be disproportionately Muslim
Brotherhood style people who are hired
there no no progressive Muslims I mean
it's just gonna be all my algebra types
I'm not going to read all of the
recommendations but here's one number
six recommend said the Government of
Canada create a national database to
retain and analyze hate crime and hate
incident data hate incident data so not
a crime just some incident does the HID
jab hoax in Toronto count there was an
incident how about a couple of days ago
with a Muslim candidate for school
trustee in Calgary lied about a racist
attack against her that she just made up
that's a hate incident isn't it how
about remember that case in London
Ontario the he had jab attacker who
turned out to be a Muslim woman herself
an escape had recommendation 12 says
that the Government of Canada implements
an equity lens towards public policy
similar to the gender based analysis
lens taking into account
intersectionality this lens should
include but not be limited to different
racial indigenous ethnic linguistic
sexual orientation gender identity and
religious groups oh so okay ready for
all sorts of new affirmative action you
haven't even thought of before gender
identity affirmative action that's my
favorite here's here's one that that
could just be called give money to my
liberal grievance monger France
recommendation 20 says the Government of
Canada facilitates support and fund
efforts across Canada dedicated to
capacity-building for communities to
strengthen community involvement civic
inclusion and leadership development as
in give money to my political friends
all right I'm at number two already
there are so many big government schemes
here it's incredible I obviously don't
have to have time to go through all 30
of them but here's number 22 recommends
the Government of Canada take a strong
leadership role to actively condemn
systemic racism and
religious discrimination including
Islamophobia so not just politicians
speaking for themselves in their party I
mean if Justin Trudeau wants to do that
that's one thing but that's not what
this is this is about the government
itself the civil service the agencies
the bureaucrats all the programs they
must now be activated to condemn
Islamophobia I'll come back to this in a
moment the definition of Islamophobia
but here's more recommendation 24 the
Government of Canada develop an
education campaign to promote media
literacy so that so the government the
government will now spend money and hire
staff and set up programs to tell US
citizens how to think of the media how
to criticize the media who to trust and
who not to trust in the media the
government's going to do that yeah
that's how it works in dictatorships the
government critiques the media in free
countries the media critiques the
government Trudeau's liberals actually
are recommending that the government
tell Canadians what to think of
different report
I mean forget about just the media
though the Liberals actually want the
government to interfere in every single
group at all in this country doctors
engineers lawyers teachers with their
messages here let me read recommendation
26 the Government of Canada working in
collaboration with the provinces and
territories Institute cultural
competency training to combat systemic
racism and discrimination and religious
discrimination that may be embedded or
perceived to be embedded within a number
of professions giving professionals the
opportunity to immerse themselves in
other cultures to ultimately learn from
and connect with those cultures so
that's going to be injected into
everything in this country the
government is going to tell you how to
think about culture the government is
going to combat your own views because
you're a bigger than you don't even know
it and they're going to tell you how to
think about these things but of course
they are Hedy Frye herself is leading
the charge here listen that she feel
good that the woman who sees burning
crosses where there are none she's in
charge recommendation 27 is that the
Government of Canada provide grants
of course and they'd be given to
academic experts in Canadian
universities to support the creation of
research on systemic racism and
religious discrimination which can be
used to inform public policy that's sort
of a laugh because of course that's all
there is on campus these days for anyone
who's been following political
correctness for years it's already fully
Marxist fully politically correct fully
Islam affine just ask Jordan Peterson or
Lindsey Shepherd and Laurier but hey a
promise of more cash that'll just ensure
that every University professor joins in
this culture war woman recommendation 30
the last one the January 29th be
designated as a National Day of
Remembrance and action on Islamophobia
and other forms of religious
discrimination there you have it that's
turning the attack on that Quebec mosque
a year ago into a national holy day
where we scold people for not liking
Islam enough even though that attacker
has not been on trial yet has not been
convicted yet has not being charged with
a hate crime or terrorism but in advance
the Liberal government just knows in
their bones that he is guilty of hate
no trial needed and we should all be
ashamed nationally because of it now now
let me go to a key word here that I've
said a few times now Islamophobia Islam
is a religion of course it is a doctrine
it is a set of ideas it's not just a
religion though it's it's politics and
it's often war and terrorism committed
in the name of Islam if you're not
phobic about it if you're not afraid of
it then I don't think you've been paying
attention much since 9/11 have you now
on the other hand Muslims are people
including more than a million Canadians
you can criticize or fear or even hate
Islam the idea without discriminating
against a human being called a Muslim in
fact many Muslims in Canada themselves
are critics of Islam or fear it or even
hate it
many Muslims came to Canada to get away
from a Sharia hellhole like Iran here's
a few definitions of Islamophobia cited
by the Liberals in the report I'm gonna
be a bit here to you a number of
witnesses provided different definitions
of the term such as an Arash
no fear or hatred of Muslims or Islam
that leads to discrimination that was
given by ikura Khalid herself or
anti-muslim discrimination or hate
that's by a Muslim law professor you've
teen well which is it is it a hatred or
fear of Islam or just an irrational
hatred or furious I'm so is it okay to
hate or fear Islam if you're rational
about it but not if you're irrational
about it and who gets to decide which is
which but the professor says it's
discrimination or hate but against a
Muslim person not an idea or here's
another one of a dozen definitions a
critiquing or sorry a criticizing or
scathing negative opinion that might
directly or indirectly cause humiliation
or damage to the reputation and or
incite to hatred and to violence against
a person or a group of persons for the
only reason that they are of Muslim
faith that was the definition provided
by one of the Muslim experts so just a
negative opinion of Islam now or was
that an escaping negative opinion so you
could have a negative opinion but it
can't be scathing but it can't cause
humiliation or incite violence those are
pretty different things which is it it
goes on but it's not resolved and that's
deliberate keep the definition of
Islamophobia vague so you can use that
word any way you need to to accuse
someone to charge and prosecute someone
keep it vague it's a whole section on
what the liberals call fake news too by
the way and by that they mean anyone or
anything who just disagrees with them at
least on the subject of Islam let me
quote some witnesses expressed concern
over the spread of fake news and discuss
the role that government should play in
combating it mister Juneau Katsuya
described the negative implications of
the spread of fake news and stated the
era of fake news and alternative facts
have contributed a great deal to that
insecurity taking root he added were
constantly bombarded with fake news fake
facts or alternative facts is an issue
that we're facing
and we can't dismiss today young people
are always on social media it takes
about 15 minutes to write fake news but
it takes months to counter it as a
solution mister as you know Katsuya
noted that Canada has the necessary laws
and regulations in place but stronger
enforcement of these policies is
necessary unquote so that's a former
CSIS agent who has become an advocate
for censoring journalism that he
criticizes as being critical of Islam he
is called for the licensing of Quebec
radio host to be taken away because they
don't like Islam
the Liberals haven't laid out a plan to
do that in this report that will surely
be done by these perpetual bureaucracies
that they're going to create but you can
see that they approve of this former
spies talk of censoring journalists he
doesn't like these liberals talk about
having training sessions for journalists
who aren't yet on board with the
official liberal narrative let me quote
the media play a role in perpetuating
and sustaining ideas about Muslims as
violent as a solution she suggested that
media outlets offer training sessions so
reporters can understand when they are
participating in conversations that
include entrenched ideas about Islam as
inherently violent such training could
assist in prevention preventing the
spread of misinformation or fake news
miss Choudhary added that when racist
and discriminatory misinformation is
presented in the media it is the
responsibility of political leaders to
really lead the nation and to call out
Islamophobia or systemic racism when
they see it and when they hear it got it
guys there are just too many stories
about Muslim terrorism and Sharia law
and female genital mutilation and honor
killings too many reports of it so the
solution is to stop reporting it and the
government will help see to that let me
say that this is a report by a
parliamentary committee and it's not a
bill which is a proposed law it is not
that it's just a report much of the
report actually isn't about Islam it's a
lot of other issues in here I have
original issues black issues poverty
issues I think those were all put in for
patting to gin up political allies in
the identity politics game most of the
proposals go to building new
bureaucracies and budgets and that's
where the rubber will hit the road in
the months and years ahead what this
report is it's a boiling down of the
witnesses that spoke to Parliament who
called for censorship of ideas who
called for criminalizing criticism of
Islam who called for government
interference with every aspect of life
from the media to the professions to law
enforcement to schools the details will
come later from the Liberals but these
are the broad strokes they're going to
ban wrong think on Islam now the
Conservatives have a dissenting report
at the bottom of this I think they get a
big point right when they say this and I
quote unfortunately Islamophobia has
received many definitions and the
failure to use just one definition for
the word is highly problematic we
believed that the motion would have
better achieved its goal by condemning
quote all forms of systemic racism
religious intolerance and discrimination
of Muslims Jews Christians Sikhs Hindus
and other religious communities all
right but even that is timid because it
accepts the premise the Canada is
systemically racist I'm sorry we're not
it suggests that it is government's role
to condemn any criticism of religion it
is thought the consumers point out that
the Liberals overstate the gravity and
the quantity of hate crimes in Canada of
course the Liberals dupe the demand for
hate crimes or hate incidents exceeds
supply so they rely on hoaxes and loose
definitions they need to believe that
Canadians are hateful because they have
their remedies and budgets and staff all
ready to go so there has to be a problem
for them to solve there is one very
powerful passage in the report that I'd
like to read out this is from the
conservative Minority Report and we know
this is true from the Liberals treatment
of progressive Muslims like terra-cotta
and Rahil Raza and zooty jasser who all
testified let me read this and this is a
fair bit but this I like this part from
the conservative minority one of our
greatest concerns was that the Liberal
MPs consistently failed to treat
moderate Muslim witnesses respectfully
they deliberately avoided Muslim
witnesses and their personal testimony
much of which testimony was critical of
the use of the term Islamophobia which
spoke to the consequences that a fluid
definition would have on public policy
and which address potential restrictions
on the free speech and beliefs of
Muslims and non-muslims unlike on two
occasions moderate Muslim witnesses were
belittled by Liberal MPs and accused of
being divisive or being complicit by a
guilt by association of complicity of in
right-wing extremism Liberal MPs even
resorted to the practice of
filibustering their own question time in
an attempt to avoid inconvenient
testimony unquote so true so obviously
the liberal way there are some good
recommendations from the concerns and I
ought to read them to you here's a
couple that the Government of Canada
cease using the term Islamophobia
because of the inability to agree on the
specific definition of the term the
Government of Canada cease using the
term Islamophobia because groups outside
of Canada will use that to justify acts
of violence and terror particularly
against women and girls unquote exactly
right see Justin Trudeau and Ahmed
Hassan the Muslim immigration minister
they love to condemn Canada as a hateful
place they'd love to scold us they'd
love to call us Islamophobic not only is
that not true but it could justify
Muslim attacks on Canada after all if we
hate Muslims surely we should be
attacked here's another good one the
Government of Canada reiterated its full
support for the protection of free
speech in Canada and that the government
reject any call to further restrict free
speech within Canada let's see what
here's another again this is from the
conservative dissenting minority report
the Government of Canada launched a
public information campaign on female
genital mutilation being a harmful
practice yeah not only would that help
Muslims in Canada obviously but it would
probably lower anti-muslim feeling
because whenever Canadians see the
subjugation of Muslim women in Canada
usually by Muslim men in the name of
Islam oh and it's always approved of by
white liberal men and women I think it
undermines our community cohesion
because it's contrary to Canadian values
so eliminating the worst aspects of
Islamic culture the subjugation of
Muslim women that would not only help
Muslim women
who would be liberated but it would make
Canadians warmer towards Muslims I'm
sure of it
it's hard to make friends with someone
wearing a black smock over their whole
body and face especially when you learn
that is a statement that those who
aren't covered from head to toe are
haram they're dirty I'm a hole it's a
good Minority Report and it reassert s'
the conservative belief that Canadians
believe in both freedom of religion and
freedom of speech and that you can stand
for that while still opposing the rare
cases of actually criminal anti-muslim
bigotry in Canada one last word the NDP
has their own Minority Report too of
course
it's like the Liberals but worse they
actually complain about Canadian
sanctions on the terrorist state of Iran
at one point seriously they want those
sanctions lifted oh and they are all
about censorship and government teaching
people what to think I exaggerate not a
bit let me quote this next
recommendation this is from the NDP they
say the the Government of Canada develop
a strategy to address the spread of
false information and fake news through
social media oh really
recommendation 29 that the Government of
Canada explore and make available tools
that will help individuals identify and
recognize their own internal biases
censorship of the media of course you
have the Liberals love that too but that
second one having the government tell
citizens individual citizens to purge
themselves of wrong think to condemn
themselves that is downright Maoist
that's what they did in the Cultural
Revolution of course the NDP proposes
that look m103 is a direct Sharia style
attack on Western values of the
separation of mosque and state of
freedom of conscience and freedom of
religion and freedom in the press and
freedom of speech the fact that liberal
Ottawa is also using it as an excuse to
spend millions maybe billions and hire
hundreds more staff well that shouldn't
be surprising either
this report is not the end of the
challenge it is just the beginning of it
it's the rough contours of what's to
come some will come in the form of
proposed laws I'm sure right but much
will come through regulation passed
privately some will come through budgets
most will come through vay
policies through a new mindset that the
government now has the right and the
duty to correct your thinking in support
of Islam and the national shrug that
greeted this by the media by professors
by civil liberties lawyers suggests that
processes are any well underway I mean
imagine if Stephen Harper's government
had issued such a report calling for all
of these things but not in the service
of Islam but rather of Christianity
could you imagine it would be a national
crisis the UN itself would object it
would be all the media and all the
establishment could talk about Stephen
Harper forcing Christianity on the
country but to harness the full power of
the state to support Islam to stop the
criticism of Islam to modify every
single aspect of society to stamp out
criticism of Islam well yeah that's the
path Iran in 2018 and the fact that I
absolutely know you have not heard any
of these preceding things on the CBC or
The Globe and Mail well that proves my
point doesn't it that's an excerpt from
my daily TV show the Ezra Levant show no
one leaves behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch The
Daily Show every day including always
two interviews a day and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
