my point a few days ago though was a how
awful Trudeau is when he's unscripted
how shallow he is but how the media
seems to cover up for him and as I said
then we were the only Canadian media
showing you this grossest even though
every single mainstream media outlet had
a reporter and a camera at those town
hall meetings
well the mainstream media doesn't have
this stranglehold on information like
they used to do before the Information
Age the mainstream media still controls
most of the media but not on a percent
and information leaks out on Facebook on
Twitter on YouTube and so that clip of
Trudeau telling the woman to say people
kind instead of mankind that went viral
everyone was sharing it and laughing at
it every severely normal person who
knows what a joke that is
and what a clown Trudeau is for saying
people kind sending a real word everyone
was sharing the video except the
mainstream media in Canada because
they're on Team Trudeau and they didn't
want to talk about this for the same
reason they didn't show it when Trudeau
first said it they're they're covering
for him so the video started to go viral
on the internet literally millions of
views around the world and then major
media did pick it up in other countries
the first I saw was in Australia in the
mainstream newspaper called The Herald
Sun where calmness Rita panna he called
Trudeau a him Nina don't you know that
sexist to say that I hadn't even heard
that word him bow before my fun is even
on the other side of the world
journalists thought it was remarkable
enough of news where they'd have to
write about it because it was so
politically correct it was so nuts so
virtuous signaling so ridiculous so they
brought about it in Australia Piers
Morgan of the Daily Mail in the UK
joined in he is pretty mainstream he's a
pretty big media player he thought it
was worth discussing and he did so did
the left-wing Guardian newspaper in the
UK most of the UK papers jumped in it
was just too funny a story to ignore
even if most Brits couldn't name
Canada's Prime Minister they know a
ridiculous politician when they see one
that's the Fleet Street tradition
actually the Daily Mail wrote two
stories on it here's the other one
here's a big news
in New Zealand same thing here's the big
Swiss newspaper in Zurich I'm gonna stop
now don't worry but I promise you I've
seen the story in Czech newspapers in
Pakistani newspapers in Dutch newspapers
everywhere because seriously what an
idiot g7 world later being an idiot is
news that's an excerpt from my daily TV
show the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
