I just want to know how your how your
stance on Isis is going to help
Canadians in any way and yeah I need to
know how you're gonna protect future
Canadians like my young daughter and you
know 10 15 20 years from now when you're
letting people in with an ideology that
just does not conform to what we're
doing here so you know I'd really like
to know what your take on tonight
absolutely no I think that's gives me an
opportunity to talk about about first of
all the fact that one of the reasons
Canada is successful as a country is
because we have been open to people
fleeing persecution fleeing war zones
looking for a better life for themselves
and their kids that's been the story of
this country from the time the first
European settlers came to be received by
indigenous people people were fleeing
conflict poverty difficult situations
and came to Canada to build a better
life for themselves and successive waves
of people have in every different time
and every different wave and when we
welcomed in waves of refugees whether it
was the smiley refugees in the early 70s
whether it was the Vietnamese boat
people in the early 80s whether it was
people said fleeing the devastation of
the second world war from southern
Europe in the 50s and 60s the Italian
communities the Greek communities the
the Portuguese communities and others
our country is so much the better for it
do you remember the question two minutes
ago that spawned that answer the
question was what are you going to do
about Isis terrorists coming back who
have an ideology that threatens our way
of life and the answer the Trudeau gave
was about welcoming immigrants and
refugees is that an error or does he
equate the two joining us now to talk
about this and other immigration refugee
news is our friend giddy ma'am and one
of Canada's leading Immigration and
Refugee lawyers get a great to see you
again
the question couldn't have been clearer
to me I I can't believe I don't want to
believe the Justin Trudeau is equating
returning Isis terrorists with Greeks
and aliens and Portuguese or Vietnamese
boat people who came here as genuine
peaceful refugees I do I don't want to
assume that he I want to believe he made
a mistake there what do you think I
think the the answer that was given was
actually quite silly in the context what
the gentleman was after is you know how
are we going to benefit from the return
of these former Isis warriors to start
dragging in the Italians and the Greeks
who came here to build a country and to
provide a good life for their families
has nothing to do with why we are taking
back former Isis warriors the reason
we're taking them back is for one reason
and one reason only
they have Canadian citizenship we have
to take them back they're not coming
here to build our country they're not
here to improve our neighborhoods
they're not here to foster the
principles of democracy and liberalism
and fairness and all those all those
things they're here because their battle
failed miserably they have nowhere to
run and they're coming back home and if
you would have at least acknowledged
that it would have been an honest answer
and he has no answer because there
really is no answer we have to protect
Canadian citizens and we have to allow
them in because our Charter of Rights
and Freedoms says that all Canadian
citizens have the right to remain leave
and enter Canada so that's that's the
law the the the the Greeks the Italians
and all the other immigrants who came
here to build a future for their
families should not be anywhere near
that answer yeah I found it so odd that
he tried to normalize Isis by by lumping
them in with those other groups I have a
number of Italian friends who reminded
me that there's not a single Italian
Canadian in cabinet which has to be
the first time in decades that's the
case I mean I remember under Paul Martin
and Jean chr√©tien there were a great
number of Italian Canadians and I don't
believe in racial or ethnic quotas but I
think if you've got a very large
community especially one that's been
very active in the Liberal Party it's
sort of glaring that you don't have a
single Italian Canadian in Parliament
but by god does he rush to embrace every
Isis terrorist let's move on from that
guy and I just wanted to run that by you
for your reaction thank you for doing
that there is some new news today about
refugee rates of people who are applying
to Canada through the proper systems or
actually in many cases walking across
the border illegally I see in the CBC
today that there's a new statistic
that's 70 percent 7-0 percent of refugee
applicants to Canada are being approved
which is almost double what it was a few
years ago
it's the highest percentage since 1991
what is this as a 27 year high what does
this mean to you our is our Immigration
and Refugee Board courts are they more
lenient are there instructions from
Trudeau are we just getting super great
refugee applicants what's going on here
it could be any of those things firstly
the greatest the greatest determining
factor is a source country the the more
problematic the country the more
difficult to circumstances that are the
higher the acceptance rate you should
expect however what that ignores is
access to Canada normally when a country
is in conflict visas are not easily
issued to citizens of that country so
coming to Canada should be more
difficult for them to should be more
difficult for them and therefore the
numbers of that individual country
should draw the 70 or 71 percent
acceptance rate is historically very
very high we have been typically seeing
rates hovering in the mid 40 percent
since the board was created in 1989
and that number is is is the product of
an individualized assessment that means
each individual has their own assessment
of whether they're a refugee or not and
we don't look at the overall number what
it is it is the the problem though is
that you have to recognize that when
people hear that the acceptance rate is
70%
it creates the belief that any refugee
claim that's made from regardless
whatever country or you are you have a
70% chance of success which is which
excuse me is is simply not true so the
more the higher the rate the more
refugee claims the board is going to
receive right and theoretically the
lower the acceptance rate the less
likely people are going to depend on
that system to establish themselves here
in can on a permanent on a permanent
basis see that's my fear I mean you're
you're right there might be some people
from some country somewhere who are so
genuinely in that need of Refuge that
their acceptance rate is high but if you
are a Haitian or a Salvadorian in the
United States and you're about to be
kicked out or these daca deferred
enforcement of you know these these
young kids who came across illegally
with their parents and have now grown up
this is the big debate that the
president's having with the Democrats if
you're looking at your calendar and
thinking I'm going to be deported by
Trump in a few months and you hear that
there's a 70% acceptance rate in Canada
you're gonna roll the dice in Canada
and what's the worst that can happen you
you know you're stuck in our legal
system for 12 18 24 months while you
fight it the worst that happens is you
go back to the States you know further
behind right that's right and we also
have to keep in mind one more important
factor which is our new refugee
processing system remember under the
Harper regime the government has
legislation to dissuade people for
making refugee claims and it basically
said that
we're not going to take you know 18
months or two years anymore to process
these claims we're gonna make decisions
quickly you got to prove your claim
you're gonna have a hearing within 60
days and if you are refugee you get to
stay and if you're not a refugee out you
go the problem with that is it's very
difficult to prepare and argue a claim
in 60 days often we need time to get
witnesses medical reports we need
documents from back home and the board
is basically forcing people onto this
fast-track so now when you appear in
front of the board and you are as
counsel are asked well you have this
document or this document and you say no
we here's proof that we've done
everything that we can and we still
don't have that document what happens is
the board feels it's under pressure to
proceed and it knows that if it proceeds
and refuses the case there is a natural
justice argument to be made you were
denied procedural fairness you weren't
allowed an opportunity for an
adjournment so some theorize that the
board for being under pressure is going
to err on the side of caution and say
well okay I'm going to assume that you
have that document which proves that
you're a member of this faith or a
member of that the group or whatever and
so that could be another explanation for
the high acceptance rate they'd rather
err on the side of caution so back to
basic principles you know if you take
your time in making a decision you give
the parties all the parties an ample
opportunity to make out their case
you're gonna end up with a better result
so I I attribute some of this increase
to that dynamic for sure interesting way
it's almost mid-february it's cold here
in eastern Canada I was called in
Western Canada - it was about 14 months
ago that we started seeing the stories
of migrants coming up from the United
States and it was sort of a curiosity at
first these many of them were from
Africa they were walking from Minnesota
or North Dakota into Canada through
wintery fields I remember one horrific
story a guy lost his finger
in frostbite it was a curiosity at first
because we you know the idea of people
walking into Canada never heard of it
before tens of thousands of migrants
later it's the new thing especially in
New York into Quebec
it's almost springtime again you have
that Salvadorian and Haitian and Dhaka
thing I was talking about Guinea what's
your prediction and I know we're all
guessing here but based on what's
happened over the last year these new
acceptance rates of 70% Trump's pledge
that he's going to get tough do you
think we're in for another springtime
rush across the border of self deporting
American migrants yeah I think that the
numbers are gonna continue to rise every
month over a month the Salvadorans are
the next group they have about you know
16 17 months to figure out what they're
gonna do so it's definitely next year
the demographics of that group is going
to be focused most of the Salvadoran the
daca kids are not could be crossing the
border anytime soon because they may be
on the verge of a bill which will
straighten out their situation so if I
was a dyke a kid or daca eligible kid I
definitely would not head to the border
at this time but these numbers are going
to attract more people who are not an
adapted class because it's inviting if
you know that you're in the States
illegally you know your circumstances
don't fit back and don't fit really any
other program where you might be
selected for permanent residents you got
to be looking at Canada very very
favorably and I should say that we just
spoke a little bit about the the
Conservative government's amendments of
the Act requiring this thing to go
quickly this process to go quickly
the board has now been completely
overwhelmed with a backlog of cases from
the hole in the fence that backlog is
going to continue to grow that backlog
is going to continue to create pressure
on frontline decision makers about cases
that they're under a statutory
obligation to process
quickly they don't have the resources
that means the backlog is going to get
longer cases are going to continue to be
adjourned and what does that do that
fuels the inbound customers for refugee
protection the reason why is if you know
that if you go to Canada you're going to
have a hearing in 60 days and get sent
home if you're refused versus a
situation where you may not get a
hearing for two years they're more
likely to come and say you know what I'd
rather spend the next two years in
Canada then and be rejected rather than
take my chance my chances here in the
United States so the longer the process
of making a refugee claim takes the more
the more people are going to come into
that system because they're protected
from removal until their claim is heard
yeah and try and track them down in two
years when their claim is finally heard
that's another challenge to Guinea it's
great to talk to you thanks for giving
us the briefing on on what's ahead with
these border crossers and also your
thoughts on Trudeau's Town Hall answer
nice to see you again thank you for
having me all right there you have a
giddy mem and one of Canada's leading
Immigration and Refugee lawyers that's
an excerpt from my daily TV show the
Ezra Levante show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
