was Obama the ringleader behind
weaponizing the Department of Justice
and FBI on behalf of Hillary Clinton
well new text seemed to indicate that
was the case new tech subsurface between
FBI's Peter stroke and Lisa page in
which they say quote POTUS wants to know
everything we're doing this is when they
were preparing talking points for James
Comey the brief then President Barack
Obama now this may be out of context but
when you look at the totality of
everything of all the evidence we now
have that's been publicly released we
don't even know what the Office of
Inspector General has in their report
I'm being told by people inside goj and
FBI that the Inspector General has
nearly 1.5 million documents related to
this investigation and that's believable
a lot of paper is generated in the
federal government especially by
agencies like DOJ and FBI so that's
really not an inconceivable number
that's a pretty standard number in terms
of documents and information generated
in an investigation this massive that
went this deep
remember the OIG s investigation has
been going on for well over a year
that's pretty standard filing those are
pretty standard filings for an
investigation of that scope about
magnitude but these texts are really
really mind-blowing this quote like I
said POTUS wants to know everything
we're doing a stroke Paige wrote that to
stroke in September of 2016 now there's
really really damaging information a
stroke and page two Comey
to Andrew McCabe so there's a text on
September 28 2016
repite stroke rights to Lisa page let me
read you this well got called up to
Andy's Andrew McCabe's earlier ending
his office hundreds of thousands of
emails earned over by weiners attorney
we mean Anthony Weiner
Arlo's danger Invicta defile home
Aberdeen's husband turned over by
weiners attorney to Sdn why that's the
Southern District of New York that's the
federal jurisdiction in in Manhattan
that covers a good portion of New York
you also the Eastern District of New
York
that covers Long Island areas like
Brooklyn things of that nature
in New York that cover a good portions
of the state and the lower part of the
state because of the population they
need to districts
by weiners attorney to SD NY Southern
District of New York includes a ton of
material from spouse obviously home
Abidine sending team up tomorrow to
review this will never end this is all
part of a Senate report but it wasn't
until a full month later but that text
was generated on September 28 2016 but
it wasn't until October 28th of 2016 a
full month later
that james comey informed congress of
the new emails on weiners laptop and
need to reopen Hillary Clinton email
investigation now what we now know from
our sources what this seems to validate
is that McCabe didn't tell anybody
McCabe didn't tell anyone in crowd in
McCabe didn't tell anyone in fact
FoxNews asks that exact question they
right the question becomes why Comey was
only informed by his investigative team
on October 27 if the Clinton emails on
weiners laptop were discovered by
September 28 at the latest so they could
have been discovered to timber 15th this
gap can be longer but we know there was
about a three B to a month window that
McCabe and his immediate alcohol on
cronies eater stroke lisa page etc we
know there was at least a three week gap
but have been a month gap in the time
they found him they notified Comey Comey
notified Congress presumably notified
Department of Justice as well what was
happening in that three week window what
were mccabe and stroke now admitted
hillary operatives doing look there are
more texts between stroke and page that
are really really concerning on election
day and if these two are about the worst
i've read at the worst i've read on
Election Day 2016 page rights to stroke
OMG oh my god this is effing terrifying
they're of course talking about Donald
Trump being elected to the presidency in
all caps these are two senior people at
the FBI wait'll I tell you what they
said about people in the state of
Virginia about Republican voters in the
state of Virginia we'll get there in a
second oMG this is have been terrifying
then stroke replies now remember who
stroke is stroke is a senior
counterintelligence agency at the
Federal Bureau of Investigation and he
writes oMG I am so depressed he's
depressed
that Trump won the presidency now what
Pedro is even worse it's even worse
she's now remember she's a senior
attorney reporting the James Comey
reporting to Andrew McCabe reporting to
Jim rebecky who's now left former FBI
chief of staff
she writes quote and this is
mind-blowing I bought all the
president's men figure I need to brush
up on Watergate is that an admission by
Lisa page that they're involved in a
conspiracy to take down the then
president-elect will become the sitting
president after inauguration day I mean
it sure seems like it
we're reading it we're not making this
up we're not we're not floating
conspiracy theories they wrote it it's
in black and white right there
incredible they go on to insult voters
in Virginia when they're talking about
Andhra McCabe's wife jhyll McCabe's
raised for Virginia State Senate which
she lost they talk about Loudoun County
Virginia how it was about to turn blue
but that the voters they're people
they're presumably the Republican voters
were quote ignorant hillbillies this is
how two senior people at the unbiased
you know integrity fidelity bravery
integrity is the FBI motto these are two
senior people calling American voters
ignorant Hillbillies because they didn't
vote for their far left bosses far left
wife for a state Senate seat a seed
which Clinton fixer Terry McAuliffe gave
her seven hundred thousand dollars worth
of PAC money and donations and support
this is really problematic now we've got
hundreds of thousands of bits of
information the OIG
presumably has million plus more when
you fit these pieces together it becomes
really really troubling so let's jump
over to another issue
representative trey Gowdy was doing an
interview with Martha McCallum on Fox
News in which he implied very strongly
and I'll read you what Gowdy said that
Sidney Blumenthal friend of the Clintons
good friend of the Clintons worked in
the Clinton White House didn't need
Blumenthal provided information a
Christopher Steele now if a by C judge
was presented with the dossier and there
was information within that was provided
by a friend of Hillary Clinton's not an
investigator not an official government
source not an official foreign
government source not something vetted
and verified remember Comey called the
dossier a salacious and unverified but
if a FISA judge wasn't told hey your
honor part of this information comes
from a friend of the opposing candidate
of the team were asking for warrants on
well that's one of the worst things I've
ever heard if I I've been analyzing in
in law enforcement contracting with her
analyzing twenty five years
never heard of anything that bad I have
never heard of anything that egregious
so here's a trade Gowdy said when being
interviewed
he says quote when you hear who the
source one of the sources of that
information is you're gonna think oh my
gosh I've heard that name somewhere
before where could it possibly have been
now he's being a bit snarky I like it he
was asked by martha maccallum was it a
foreign source and yeah he said no it's
a domestic source and he said this and
this was great he said quote I'm trying
to think of how Secretary Clinton to
find him I think she said he was an old
friend who emailed her from time to time
that's of course referring to Sidney
Blumenthal so McCallum said well are we
talking about Sidney Blumenthal and
Gowdy said that would be really warm
your warm look it doesn't take it
doesn't take a master investigator to
see what went on here the dossier was
junk but it's very interesting that trey
gowdy a guy who's typically very careful
a former prosecutor now I'm 50/50
untried yet sometimes I think he's all
bark and no bite
other times he comes out and he
surprises me with this but he's really
disappointed me in his support his daily
support from Muller
unless he's covering himself for a move
he's about to make back in the Justice
I'm really not sure on that one and and
sources I talked to really don't know
gaud√≠ is playing it very close to the
vest he's not telling anybody where he
really stands or what his next moves are
some people think he's going back into
the private sector to make money some
people think he's in line for attorney
general others think he's up for a
federal judgeship but the man is playing
it very close to the vest on the White
House really isn't talking so and
believe me I am poking around I am
trying to find out what gaudi's next
move is I'm very interested but no luck
so far when I have something concrete
I'm bringing it right on the show but
until then I don't want to give you
inaccurate information but there's a
bigger problem at play here Gowdy goes
on to talk about the State Department
weaponizing against Donald Trump a
department is institutionally left eight
Department was in its glory days under
the neocons to globalists like George HW
Bush and George Bush and it was in an
even more glory to his bigger glory days
under Bill Clinton and Barack Obama but
Trump's america-first policies don't do
that for the State Department if
anything they shrink its power he's
always a nod ends with Rex Tillerson a
globalist turn out to be a terrible pick
for Secretary of State what I don't
think Trump really cares much about the
State Department he's focused on the
Department of Defense on the Department
of the Treasury Homeland Security
his intelligence community fixing the
law enforcement communities letting
State Department do what they do and
he's raining him in and I think that's
why Trump hasn't filled many of those
appointments you know people were
excoriating him there are 4,000 open
appointments Trump doesn't know what
he's doing well I think he does know
what he's doing I think he looked at the
size of government bureaucracy and said
we really need 4,000 bodies in these
jobs maybe these jobs can be done with
1,500 bodies 2,000 bodies
he's got some pretty smart finance minds
around him but look at that government
inefficiency and say well why do we have
six people doing the job of one let's
hold off a second here let's fix some of
these big problems then we'll come back
to these appointments and these
personnel issues and see if we even need
all these people
well that terrifies an institutionally
left organization like the State
Department agency like the State
Department the more bodies under them
the more powerful they are the bigger
their agenda the bigger their mission
the more powerful they are you threaten
somebody's power I'm back at you and
that's really the definition of deep
state right just not some conspiratorial
dark room it's just a bunch of
institutional employees who like their
power and when something someone
threatens that power they rebel but I
will tell you this these texts are now
damning this could be well I think this
is the greatest scandal in American
history and it needs to be reported as
such I bring it to you every day
and I'm bringing it to you every day
because new stuff is breaking every day
this is to me this attacks our
foundations goes to the heart of our
republic and we need to tell this story
it's a story we need to tell because
it's a story you need to know about
you're like this incredibly important
content as much as I love bringing it to
you please subscribe to our premium
service at wwww forward slash shows
don't forget to check out my new
hour-long show off-the-cuff Declassified
we go deeper into these issues have
great guests every day guarantee you're
gonna love it you're already a
subscriber thank you so so much and
thank you very much for watching I will
be back with you tomorrow
