there are three official candidates to
replace Patrick Brown right judge Ford
let's talk about the other two
Christine Elliot widow of the late Jim
Flaherty federal finance minister under
Stephen Harper she herself was a
provincial MPP for about a decade and
Kathleen Wynne appointed her to a very
thankless job patient Ombudsman tell me
a little bit about Christine Elliot she
actually it's against the carbon tax too
isn't she well you know I Fred here's a
tweet sorry to interrupt here she says I
am personally opposed to a carbon tax
I'm listening to what caucus candidates
and grassroots members have to say about
it well that's frightened word still I
mean I give the woman credit she is
saying where she stands
Ezra you're a lawyer you know how to
read things I'm personally opposed to
carbon taxes this to me is a set up
saying if I had mind well I see he's
annoying but you know it's part of the
people's guaranty Ottawa's mandating it
it's just gonna we know we're gonna
throw good money after bad fighting it
with Ottawa she's with - is she watching
oh yeah yeah so I'm not buying that also
I think this can hurt her the fact that
she had this patronage job you know from
the wind liberals you know cushy
six-figure job downtown Toronto it's the
whole idea of what Doug Ford rallies
against the elites now whether you
believe it or not that's his ticket the
other people are the elites the PC Party
establishment of the Leeds and she can I
guess be cast that way and don't forget
Ezra when she was originally running for
the party leadership
she was the choice of the party Patrick
Brown just out hustled her selling so
many memberships and that was a surprise
yeah you know what when you say you're
personally against the carbon tax
if you then allow the carbon tax you're
getting the worst of both worlds because
your liberal opponents are saying aha
she's a denier but you're not getting
the skeptic vote because you're so I
personally I hope she takes the anti car
I've never heard of a conservative party
anywhere winning on a carbon tax agenda
it's just so it's it's so unconservative
even if you believe in the theory of
manmade global warming and many
conservatives don't no one actually
thinks a carbon tax changes the weather
no this is to me for a fiscal
conservative and Ontario Azra this is
the canary in the coal mine issue you
are either against it or you're for it
and and and maybe or I'm personally
against that that doesn't mean already
halfway preggers absolutely all right
well you know what we've we've talked
about Doug Ford I I know him a little
bit I'm sympathetic to his style and I
think of his late brother
Christine Ellie I don't know her at all
I mean like a number of conservatives I
have some warm feelings and sentimental
feelings about her late husband but the
third candidate Caroline maroon II I
know nothing about her other than her
last name and I put it to you David that
if she had any other last name she would
not be a candidate for leadership maybe
she would be a candidate for MPP it's so
reminiscent of Justin Trudeau who had
nothing other than his last name but at
least he spent one term as a backbench
MP Caroline maroon he proposes to go
from nothing to premier in one leap a
little bit of hootsburgh era today on
CFRB the morning radio show in Toronto I
listened to her listen I'm a horrible
cook the only thing I can cook his pasta
so I know what a wet noodle looks like
now I know what a wet noodle sounds like
it was an absolute third rail disaster
that interview and I say that because
there was no substance it reminds me of
Clara Peller from the Wendy's ads of the
80s where's the beef well you know but
maybe that's how you succeed against
Kathleen when you say nothing very
slowly and boringly that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levant
show no one leaves behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube if you want to
subscribe to watch The Daily Show every
day including always two interviews
today and I read my hate mail just click
on this screen and become a Premium
Member
you
