the FISA Court came into existence
because of the shock and horror we were
supposed to have felt that Richard
Nixon's having the Richard Nixon
administration tapping into radicals and
demonstrators and bugging their phones
and we were so shocked and horrified
that this could happen in America we
have listened for decades decades really
to the left horror at J Edgar Hoover who
tapped Martin Luther King among others
and how he was not answerable to anybody
in the FBI was you know beyond beyond
the reach of the media and beyond the
reach of government now suddenly they
come out with this memo basically saying
that the FBI abused the FISA process to
get a warrant to spy on Carter Paige the
citizen American citizen now he's a
suspect American citizen but it's very
hard to believe that he was their main
target I mean Andy McCarthy who's been
doing great work on this says himself
very hard to believe that age was the
target it was probably the Trump
campaign so where's the media now here
is a an actual political party spying on
another party using the power of
government to spy on the opposition
party and you would think the press
would be absolutely in hysterics instead
not only have they kind of minimized the
thing they've tried they tried to keep
it quiet even before they knew what was
in it they tried to scare us with the
idea that it was gonna harm national
security which was a joke because we
just finished watching Steven
Spielberg's the post which was all about
the brave Washington Post publishing the
Pentagon Papers
even though Nixon said it would harm
national security so everything is
suddenly backwards you have this press
essentially trying to defend what we now
call the deep state of the permanent
government or this law enforcement the
secret law-enforcement agency trying to
defend them from us from the public and
I think it really speaks to something
that happened during the Obama
administration when the the our media
was corrupted both ideologically and
because of this kind of racial pathology
which demanded that the first black
president be the greatest president ever
and in fact he really corrupted our
federal government
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews a day and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
