the pregame show the national anthem the
kneelers or lack thereof and my worst
and best picks for Super Bowl
commercials all of that and more coming
up today I'm Amanda head for at the
rebel all right full disclosure I didn't
watch the game today not live anyway I
went shopping because I've been doing
the whole hashtag boycott NFL all season
I didn't want to stop now also I didn't
want to give in the ratings but I
watched it on delay and tuned in at the
second half which let's face it when
it's the Patriots that's the best part
but I tuned in when I found out that lo
and behold oh my god there was no
kneeling and there was a tribute to real
heroes military and Medal of Honor
recipients now I didn't put any money on
this game but if there had been a
betting pool about the kneeling aspect
first of all I wonder what the
over-under would have been on that but
also I will admit that I would have lost
because I would certainly have bet that
there would have been lots of kneeling
so I'll admit when I'm wrong and this
would have been one of those times if I
had bet on it also I will note that
legendary NFL running back Herschel
Walker who also happened to play in the
SEC for the Georgia Bulldogs thinks that
the players were basically offered hush
money to stand during the anthem now I
talked about this on in on Fox and
Friends back in December when the NFL
announced that they were giving a
hundred million dollars to player
charities and causes so take that for
what it's worth when it comes to the
players standing all right moving on to
pregame so pink sang the national anthem
now I have to say I am a traditionalist
when it comes to the national anthem
know I grew up listening to Motown and
really really good soul music so I love
it when a singer has the vocal
flexibility and creativity and ear to
embellish a tune to kind of make it
their own
which pink I definitely think she has
the pipes for that but the national
anthem is not one of those songs that I
want that done and pink I think for the
most part she she stuck to it so I was
really really pleased with that also the
flyover I mean to me the flyover is
always one of the best parts of any
pregame show I also wonder if Nielsen
picks up ratings during a broadcast so
like not just viewers as a whole as in
I wonder if people out there like me
decided to tune in after the first
quarter or at halftime or whatever so
I'd be interested to see if people
decided to tune in after the news spread
that the pregame show was patriotic and
sans players kneeling okay so for the
commercial
first of all Scientology commercial what
the bleep so yeah what's next Branch
Davidians children of God Joel Osteen
you're going to allow a Scientology
commercial but not a commercial asking
players to stand for the national anthem
fail yeah epic fail so then we had the
Islamic propaganda ad for the new John
Krasinski show Jack Ryan based on Tom
Clancy's novel so that was extra fun all
right so fast-forward halftime and it's
Justin Timberlake now Justin Timberlake
I did not think he was that great in my
opinion on his new album there's really
only one good song but I think the show
would have been better overall if it had
been in sync and not just Justin also
his camo suit oh my gosh he looked like
the clearance table at Cabela's I also
kind of wish that they had had Janet
Jackson come out not perform not sing
just come out on stage just to see the
NFL programming exact crapped their
pants and also prints yeah I don't I
don't think that prints would have been
too terribly pleased I realized that
we're comparing Justin Timberlake who
while being very talented he's he's not
prints okay so what I did appreciate
though is that it was family-friendly
and he left politics out from what I
could tell again it's a football game
let's keep it about that so the second
half of play brought us the big winner
for a Superbowl commercial a dark horse
and you likely don't agree with me but I
give it to Honda and they're silent
albeit a little bit creepy commercial
with the pleasant looking fellow staring
into the camera for an uncomfortably
long amount of time now why is this my
winner I always said that if I was in
charge of an advertising campaign for a
company and we placed an ad on I Heart
Radio or Spotify I would make the ad
silent why because you're going about
your day you're cleaning you're working
on your computer or whatever and all of
a sudden your music mix goes silent so
what do you do you pick up your phone to
see what happened so you look at your
screen
and there's the ad for the product so
it's the same type simple principle
we're used to loud you know in-your-face
moving or funny or provocative
commercials this was a very stark
contrast which made me take notice now
it might not have been the most
brilliant actors or funny a storyline
but the concept itself was simple and
brilliant so from a marketing standpoint
anyway
I think it was great I'll also give an
honorable mention to Eli and Odell for
their dirty dancing choreography they
looked mighty dainty for a couple of
football players now the Patriots may
have lost the Superbowl but the real
losers are ding-ding-ding-ding-ding
t-mobile they are my big winner for
worst commercial t-mobile somehow
managed to cram practically every social
justice warrior cause on the planet into
a 60-second spot gender wage gap myth
police brutality also a myth check
federal stats if you think I'm lying do
your research it was a liberal cause
casserole but meanwhile Verizon made
their ad about honoring first responders
so who's ready for a hashtag boycott
t-mobile I will however the
contradictory aspect was that the
commercials seemed to promote a
meritocracy while liberal policies
obviously do not so that was kind of
strange but all in all it was a
relatively controversy free game which I
think the NFL suits are thinking their
lucky stars as they are desperately
trying to win back the hearts of their
former fans so now yay onto the Olympics
they start Thursday thanks for watching
I'm Amanda head for the rebel if you
enjoyed my commentary and want to hear
more from me and my pals here at the
rebel make sure you subscribe to our
premium content at www.fortuigence.com
you
