what seems to have broken down here in a
big way is that there was no disclosure
of that certainly it might be
interesting to see what the warrant
actually says what the warrant affidavit
says we only have the summary memo but
since they didn't verify or corroborate
this sources information it's it's it's
puzzling what they must have said to the
court about the source and about why the
information was credible there's one
pretty I'm almost tempted to say amusing
except the gravity of the situation is
such that it's it's anything but funny
but there's obviously corroborating this
information was a big problem for them
there's one instance where in one of the
warrant applications
what's told to the court is that the
information from the dossier is
corroborated by a media report right it
turns out of course that the media
report the source for the media report
is Christopher Steele right that is to
say they were corroborating steel with
steel well and that's that comes through
here is that you know their source who
was paid by the Democrats leaked
material to Yahoo News that published it
and then they said well you see yeah who
has it so it's got to be true there was
all sorts of other conflicts of
interests that we're not disclosed
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the yeas relevant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch The
Daily Show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
