you think that fresh on the heels of he
jab hopes the mainstream media would
have learned it's lesson when
encountering stories that should be
taken with a shovel full of salt nope
not if the latest slice of fake news
known as the Halifax explosions football
team is any indication any company that
chooses to dine out on tragedy is surely
courting risky business after all why
would anyone want their brand associated
with an event that caused thousands of
innocent people to die so it was that
along comes a story about the proposed
Halifax CFL team contemplating a
nickname namely the Halifax explosions
this moniker is the brainchild of a
group called CFL in Halifax and the
explosions nickname refers to the
biggest tragedy to befall Halifax
a century ago when two ships collided in
Halifax Harbour killing an estimated
2,000 people naturally people were
outraged on social media and I can
understand much of the outrage this time
around outside of some losers associated
with al-qaeda I don't think anyone would
want a professional sports team in New
York City to be nicknamed the 911s or
the Twin Towers where's the logic and
marketing a name that is so closely
associated with death and destruction
and then the event as soon as I saw the
Halifax Explosion story
I knew something didn't add up first of
all there's the group behind the
proposed nickname CFL and Halifax now
that name might sound official but this
entity has absolutely nothing to do with
the group vying for a CFL franchise that
would be maritime Football Limited which
was quick to distance itself from this
nickname story secondly in the
department of cart before the horse
the CFL has yet to award anyone in Nova
Scotia a franchise yet it might never
happen so it's a tad premature to decide
on names and colors and logos for now
also some point to a
name the Halifax Explosion with no e
that is being used by the city's team in
the maritime woman's football league but
this isn't a pro sports team amateur
sports clubs can and do push the button
with nicknames because there's
considerably less blowback I recall a
floor hockey team in my high school
named the hairy tacos leave it to your
imagination folks but the point is
nobody cared about a bunch of high
school goofballs using a vulgar double
entendre for an intramural floor hockey
team well at least I didn't care about
that stuff in the late 70s and early 80s
that is another point in the past few
decades forces of nature have been
embraced as pro sports nicknames such as
the Colorado Avalanche and the Carolina
Hurricanes but I think the difference
here is that these names are generic
they are not referring to a specific
Avalanche or a specific hurricane that
resulted in the deaths of hundreds of
people aught of mine
I congratulate whoever's behind the CFL
and Halifax Group you were able to
generate literally millions of dollars
on free media coverage about a
non-existent logo for a non-existent
team well done as for so many in the
mainstream media that ran with this
story it looks like some of you just
never learn when it comes to the
spreading of fake news do you because
yet again
you were punked Biggley for the rebel
dot media I'm David the men's ID Menzies
hey folks if you like that rad please
consider becoming a rebel premium
subscriber and never miss another rebel
video
you
