it's day 10 in court here in Edmonton
I'm at the West Edmonton Mall world
waterpark Syrian refugee sexual assault
trial we've been on this case since the
very beginning so you'll see details
here that you just won't see anywhere
else
Syrian refugees suleiman hajj suleman is
standing trial for six counts of sexual
interference and another six counts of
sexual assault against six minor victims
all girls all under the age of 16 now
these charges stem from a series of
gropings and sexual assaults at
Edmonton's world waterpark February 4th
2017 CBC has finally sent a reporter
back to the courtroom so that's good
news the accused has four supporters
with him in the courtroom and one lone
man has returned again to support the
female victims now we've had a busy
couple of days of testimony yesterday
and again this morning we heard
testimony from West Edmonton Mall
Supervisory lifeguards they were the
ones who first alerted security of the
alleged sexual assaults now both
lifeguards testified that they
maintained visual continuity or as one
lifeguard put it kept their eyes on him
at all times until security arrived
yesterday afternoon Court also heard
from yet another child victim she's a
tiny girl she's 15 now she said a man
wearing blue goggles and blue swimming
shorts with a beard came behind her and
pulled her leg towards him she then
testified that when she was in the wave
pool the man pulled her by her waist and
then grabbed her behind
she said she swam away from the man but
he kept looking under the water at other
girls bodies and she said that she felt
weird and disgusted by it
later on she was back in the wave pool
and the same man came from behind her
again her testimony it gets a little
graphic from here she said the man
grabbed her around her waist a second
time when he grabbed her this time he
pull
hold her body against his chest and
against his crotch as the waves crashed
again she testified that the man slit
his hand up her leg and put his fingers
inside her she told the social worker in
her videotaped statement that she
suffers from anxiety and that she
worries that this man will get set free
during testimony she came from behind
the child-friendly screen and identified
the accused as the man who assaulted her
that day in the wave pool but she later
told the defense attorney that she could
not now be 100% sure Crown Counsel also
read a police report of the arresting
officer into evidence and the lead
detective was recalled for
cross-examination by the defense
detective cristela force was questioned
as to why there was never a photo lineup
done during this investigation detective
laforce said she could have done one if
it was required stating identity of the
accused was never an issue in her
investigation the crown is done with
their side of the case and the defense
has chosen not to admit any evidence
court will resume this afternoon to set
a date to hear written and oral
submissions from both the crown and the
defense reporting from the Edmonton law
courts for the rebel media I'm Sheila
gun Reid this is the tenth and final day
of testimony at the world waterpark
Syrian refugee sexual assault trial in
Edmonton and unlike the mainstream media
we've been here since the very beginning
and we will see this trial through till
the bitter end to never miss an update
to this very important story be sure to
become a rebel subscriber today
you
