does it respect the rights of the guards
not to be forced into charades like this
more importantly does it respect the
privacy and safety of women
the report says men can now move to a
woman's prison just by saying so and now
that's a right really what about the
rights of women prisoners not to have to
be locked in the cage with a bunch of
men men of any sort let alone men who
have murdered and raped
what criminal man wouldn't demand to be
moved just for a change of scenery
just to defy the guards just to mess
with the system let alone to have access
to hundreds and hundreds of women
what rapists wouldn't request that he
couldn't believe his eyes and ears and
not only could he get away with this
anyone who opposed it would be racist or
sexist or Slama phobic or whatever
they're saying the Human Rights
Commission will come after who knows
Trudeau would probably give any criminal
who complained ten point five million
dollars I read the rest of the story
here goes the changes also emphasize the
privacy and confidentiality of an
inmates gender identity which will be
shared only if relevant and only with
those directly involved in a prisoner's
care get this get this
individualized protocols will also be
offered to transgender inmates which
include accommodations when accessing
shower and toilet facilities and the
choice of male or female officers to
conduct frisk and strip searches urine
testing and camera surveillance really
really so a nail rapist again I'm just
going to use Paul Bernardo as an example
but that's not an extreme example the
last statistic I could find it's only
four years old shows that there are
4,800 prisoners serving life in prison
in Canada so that's got to be for murder
or for rape so Paul Bernardo is not one
in a million there there are thousands
of Paul Barnardo's in our prison system
there are 500 600 new murders a year in
Canada and my point is this now each of
those rapists each of those murderers
while they each get to say they want to
be stripped
searched by a female guard they can
insistent that any video surveillance of
them be done by a woman they just can
you just read it because it's their
human right now they just have to say
the magic word not abracadabra but I
feel like a woman today guard that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews a day and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
