you might remember the very first
project I took on at the rebel back a
couple weeks ago we heard the Calgary
City Council thought that Calgarians who
drove cars were too much of a threat to
pedestrians and needed to be slowed down
under the guise of making streets safer
they decided to effectively make every
residential Road in Calgary a playground
zone instead of giving individual
communities the power to determine their
own speed limits or perhaps targeting
problem areas they determined that
citywide stagnation is the answer
well people turned out in droves to sign
the petition that we started at stopped
the war on cars CA demanding that the
city reverse their intention of slowing
down Calgary thousands of people signed
our petition and today I delivered these
signatures to Jeremy Farkas councillor
Farr Kisses office suggested that I
catch up with him at his monthly Town
Hall today it was about the Olympic bid
and boy did I ever underestimate how
hard it would be to get a moment of his
time this kind of crowd even members of
parliament have a hard time pulling
together while I waited I chatted with
some of the attendees frankly I couldn't
find a single one who supported an
Olympic bid but I suppose that's a
different video for a different time I
waited in the hall until I could get a
chance to hand him this petition which
demands that City Hall stops the war on
cars and deliberate and and reverses
their underhanded plan to coerce
Calgarians into using public transit
Jeremy gladly received the petition and
asked me a few questions I think he was
surprised to be honest about how many
Calgarians were angry with drew
Farrell's plan this was only possible
because of your support but we're just
getting started
Council is waiting on a bureaucratic
report to come in next year that tells
City Council
how much city administrators think this
is a great idea I suppose it makes it
easier to tell the public that they did
it because professionals told them to
well they're supposed to listen to the
people not to beer Kratz
it is up to us to make sure that drew
Farrell knows how terrible of an idea
this is and that hiding behind
bureaucrats is not gonna fly for the
rebel media this is key and ice-t
I'm helping you fight back against
calories progressive City Council's
unfair war on cars to get the whole
story and to see the petition I
delivered today go to stop the war on
cars dot CA
you
