I think that it's great that such a vote
was passed on campus because it really
shows that like I said our group is
intersectional and it's really a show of
solidarity of all students that are just
standing against oppression that was
Lucas snake a member of McGill
University's boycott divest sanction
group what's more annoying his typical
leftist hypocrisy of claiming to stand
against discrimination while
discriminating against a whole nation or
that infuriating up talk he has every
few words 15 times in the minute long
interview making it look like he doesn't
even believe the nonsense he's spewing
McGill's Board of Governors is
considering making it impossible for its
investment committee which oversees a
1.6 billion dollar endowment to support
or oppose investments based on social or
political causes the board was supposed
to vote on this policy in December but
their meeting was shut down by activists
from the school's
anti fossil fuel and solidarity for
Palestinian human rights groups in a
Monday op-ed the two groups explained
that the board delayed their vote until
February 15 but when it became clear
that the board had no intention to
consult the community about the proposal
we shut down the meeting in song with a
rendition of we have got the power
of course because when it comes to
progressives it's always about the power
the end justifies the means and they
never see the irony in trying to achieve
tolerance through intolerance as with
most social justice campaigns McGill's
BDS initiative seems like the effort of
a very vocal minority in 18 months time
McGill undergraduates have struck down
three attempts to adopt the policy but
not without casualties
last fall BDS students voted to kick a
Jewish student off the Board of
Directors when he was discovered to have
supported pro-israel causes Susanne
Fortier Principal and Vice Chancellor of
the school has said the BDS movement
which among other things calls for
universities to cut ties with Israeli
universities flies in the face of
tolerance and respect we cherished as
values fundamental to a university but
let's look at the anti fossil fuel and
probe BDS activists main arguments the
policy the university is considering
would have McGill's committee to advise
on the matters of social responsibility
refrain from using the university's
resources to advance social or political
causes to repeat the committee that
oversees the ethics of McGill's
investments was told that it need not
pressured the university to make
investment decisions on the basis of
morality I'm sorry to repeat the policy
you just read mentioned stopping the use
of resources to further social or
political causes it mentioned nothing
about morality in short be wary of
left-wing activists who try to reframe a
difference in political opinions as a
battle of good versus evil it's
precisely that kind of thinking that
legitimizes political violence for
campus unmasked I'm Rob from Jacques if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
