Trudeau went to Davos to woo the world's
investors and he had just two gimmicks
he he had his weird obsession with being
a male feminist and his rubber ducky
socks this is a real picture he wore a
rubber ducky socks and he showed them
off yeah that works if you're trying to
impress a 19 year old college co-ed not
so much if you're trying to woo say
Apple Inc's next high-tech factory
here's something that breaks my heart
while can Canadian politicians block our
pipelines while oil companies pull out
of our country and invest elsewhere
America is going full-tilt with energy
that should be us but it's not we have
ended the war on American energy and we
have ended the war on beautiful clean
coal
we are now very proudly an exporter of
energy to the world
in Detroit I halted government mandates
that crippled America's great beautiful
Auto Workers so that we can get Motor
City revving its engines again and
that's what's happening
many car companies are now building and
expanding plants in the United States
something we haven't seen for decades
Chrysler is moving a major plant from
Mexico to Michigan Toyota and Mazda are
opening up a plant in Alabama a big one
and we haven't seen this in a long time
it's all coming back
very soon auto plants and other plants
will be opening up all over our country
this is all news Americans are totally
unaccustomed to here for many years
companies and jobs were only leaving us
but now they are roaring back they're
coming back they want to be where the
action is they want to be in the United
States of America that's where they were
exciting progress is happening every
single day I'm jealous of that but it
also scares me what do you think the
odds are that next year he will list
factories moving from Windsor Ontario or
Oakville Ontario down to Detroit instead
of just talking about Mexico I'd say
there is a good chance what a laugh it
makes about Canadians global warming
obsession I mean I've shown you this
story in The New York Times before how
there are 1,600 new coal-fired power
plants being built around the world and
China is building 700 of them now that's
real life and Donald Trump is pushing us
clean coal you heard him and all the
jobs that go with it you heard him while
our Canadian government and our
provincial governments are shutting down
coal of course and shutting that oil and
gas and fracking and pipelines and
anything that has a real job attached to
it it's sad that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Ezra Levante show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
