I'm covering the West Edmonton Mall
Syrian refugee sexual assault trial I am
the lone reporter in the courtroom so
I'm bringing you details you just won't
see anywhere else
so LeMond hajj suleman is a 39 year old
syrian refugee and a father of six and
right now in the Edmonton law courts
he's standing trial for six counts of
sexual interference and another six
counts of sexual assault all against
girls aged 16 and under the charges stem
from a series of gropings
fondling and sexual assaults at
Edmonton's world waterpark wave pool
February 4th 2017 now yesterday
afternoon we heard testimony from a mall
security agent he was at the water park
responding to an unrelated call about a
missing child when he heard the call
about the sexual assaults come over his
radio it was his job that evening to
remain in visual contact with the
suspect he had to keep his eyeballs on
him and from the video surveillance we
were shown in court he absolutely did
his job today saw the start of day 8 of
testimony for this trial that was
supposed to last upwards of three days
trial is taking so long because the
accused Solem on hajj suleman requires
full English to Arabic word for word
translation we heard testimony from two
police officers this morning the first
officer was the one who did the initial
search of the accused and took him into
custody the officer testified that Hajj
Sullivan did not speak a word to him but
was completely able to follow all the
instructions he gave to him in English
the officer also testified that he did
not retrieve any swimwear whatsoever or
any of the rainbow goggles from the
accused now those two items have been
repeatedly mentioned by the child
witnesses as what the accused was
wearing
the wave pool that evening the second
officer up on the stand is a detective
she was the lead detective and she was
working in the child protection unit
that night she was involved in the
interviews of all six child witnesses
she testified that they seized a
waterpark wristband from the accused the
night they took him into custody and
that waterpark wristband maintains the
date and the time that the accused went
into the water park the same police
detective also testified that they were
unable to find the accused bright blue
swim trunks and rainbow goggles in the
lost and found at the water park the
detective though also admitted that they
never searched the garbage at the mall
nor did they search the home of the
accused his wife and his children were
not searched the night of the incident
either another interesting thing came
out in testimony the crown noted that on
Hodge suliman's driver's license that
his name was spelt wrong as well his
height was off by approximately four
inches his government-issued ID was
completely wrong now lastly I have a
couple notes about things that are
unrelated to evidence being heard at
trial but are things that are definitely
happening in and around the trial the
accused has a rotating group of about 2
to 8 supporters in court every day now
yesterday afternoon during testimony one
of these supporters fell asleep and then
started snoring
as he slept and had to leave the
courtroom another supporter just like
yesterday has a hardcover library book
with him to read during testimony and
it's often some graphic testimony these
people they are even pretending to care
anymore
reporting from the Edmonton law courts
for the raveled media
I'm Sheila gun read I'm the sole
reporter in the courtroom covering the
West Edmonton Mall Syrian refugee sexual
assault trial to never miss an update to
this very important story become a rebel
subscriber to
you
