FBI number two Andrew McCabe is out and
Congress voted to release the memo
Democrats lose big
Republicans win massively we're gonna
analyze very very big day for
Republicans very damning couple of days
or Democrats on Sunday
FBI director Christopher ray went up to
Capitol Hill and he read the four and a
half page memo that was generated by
congressman Devin Nunez chairman of the
house permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence that presumably details
FISA abuses under the Obama
administration but worst names names of
top players at FBI DOJ and within the
intelligence community now FBI is an
offshoot of the intelligence community
as much as it's federal law enforcement
it also has an intelligence role
Democrats are hysterical now leading
that histrionic charged is Adam Schiff
and Ted Lou these two guys are just
morons extraordinaire morons
extraordinaire our chef apparently has
his own memo
I think it's written at a third of
fourth grade reading level and it
basically says everything that guy said
zalae Devin Nunez liar liar pants on
fire
now Schiff won't let any other Congress
people see his memo but that's okay cuz
he's probably gonna really leak it to
CNN the New York Times of the Washington
Post
now speaking of CNN the New York Times
in a Washington Post they are working
overtime to protect their Democrat
masters I mean they're working overtime
they're not resting Jim Acosta and Jake
Tapper in particular are spinning so
fast it's making us nauseous I need a
Dramamine so I don't puke from their
spin it's that bad it is absolutely
ridiculous and they're embarrassing
themselves because the memo is clearly
damning I researched back to the days of
J Edgar Hoover and I could not find an
instance of a number-two man a deputy
director at the FBI being removed for
what apparently is misfeasance
or malfeasance worse abuse of authority
potential crimes maybe felonies if he
abused his office and weaponized we
don't know we're gonna see when Congress
finally releases the memo I predict they
will now I have to admit a small part of
me I know a big part of me hopes that
the president by either addresses the
memo or or hopefully reads portions of
it at tonight's State of the Union
address and the reason is the world has
to cover it media across the United
States CNN MSNBC The Washington Post The
New York Times ABC CBS NBC
they'll work overtime to bury Nunez's
memo but they can't it can't refuse to
cover the President State of the Union
address and the president even reads an
excerpt some of the most damning
excerpts from the memo that going to be
forced cover it now will the president
bite into the State of the Union and do
that I don't know I don't have any
inside information on that I wish I did
I don't and people I I'm talking to
really have no idea I can't get comment
from the White House on that but and
I've tried but I would love to see it
happen I would absolutely love to see it
happen but one thing is clear this is
very very damning for Democrats it is no
coincidence
that director Christopher Rea who didn't
immediately remove McKee he was being
deliberate now my verdict is out on Rhea
I'm really 50/50 on the guy just when I
think I can trust him I lose confidence
in him and then right at the point where
my confidence in him is completely gone
he does something like fire Andrew
McCabe so he keeps me off-balance and
part of me likes that because it gives
me hope that he's an honest fair and
ethical actor and again I'm gonna
reserve judgment on director a his
removing Andrew McCabe is a is a massive
step in the right direction and he would
have had had to have conferred with
Attorney General Jeff Sessions so I'm
going to reserve judgment on both of
them in this new phase I've been very
critical of both but there just might be
something at work here but again let's
be cautious about that but the removal
of McCabe is a very very big deal it's
no coincidence that it happened a day
after FBI director Rae read the memo and
a few hours before Congress voted to
release the memo of course
McCabe's removal has something to do
with the memo how do I know that for
sure no but look having conducted
investigations for a good portion of my
career connecting these dots is these
are pretty easy dots to connect my 9
year old niece again she's a smart kid
she could've connected these dots five
years ago but you get my point this is
very very damning for Dems and it
explains their spin and the release of
the memo is gonna be even more damning
because it names names and what it's
going to do is it's going to
unfortunately here's the unfortunate
byproduct in all this it's going to
further erode confidence in the DOJ in
the FBI
that's terrible terrible thing even
worse this is going to potentially heat
hundreds maybe thousands of cases see if
I were a criminal defense attorney if I
were an appellate attorney I would be
salivating right now and I'd be
salivating because I would be looking
back through every case file of any of
my clients that were arrested and
investigated by the FBI prosecuted by
the DOJ and I'd want to see if the names
stroke McCabe Bruce or at all or
anywhere in those case files I'd want to
see if these tainted people
punched those investigations
they tucked any part of the process that
incarcerated my client I prosecuted my
client that got my client convicted that
seized my client sitting in federal
prison I'd want to know and it's very
dangerous because some very very bad
people who shouldn't might now have
grounds for appeal some very bad
criminals might be leaving their jail
cells and being released back in a
society once an appellate court hears
the case
and that appellate court depending on
what we find out might have no choice
because of the tainting of the FBI of
the DOJ by these pro-hillary operatives
they put the entire country they put the
entire nation behind Hillary Clinton the
entire nation was secondary Hillary
Clinton all they cared about was getting
their granny elected I can't think of
anything more reprehensible
oh except weaponizing federal law
enforcement the intelligence community
on behalf of a political candidate look
if a bureaucracy works in favor of
Hillary Clinton if if career status and
globalists inside the State Department
generate foreign policy memos as
objective opinion pieces and those
foreign policy memos happen to support
the position of one political candidate
over another
well that's improper and that's
unethical and it should never never
happen and they should be fired it's
really really different that's
considerably different then gun carrying
agents
and line prosecutors people with the
power of arrest and investigation people
with the power of subpoena and
prosecution turning against you then it
goes from being an improper and
unethical annoyance to downright and
absolutely terrifying and if it can do
it to a billionaire like Donald Trump
they can do it and continue to do it to
a guy was an elected president hmm man
what could they do to me and you what
can they do to the person who's not a
billionaire who's not the President of
the United States someone without that
power without those resources how bad
does it get for that person look it's
pretty damn bad and I respect that's the
argument these criminal defense lawyers
that these appellate lawyers are going
to make if they could do it to him they
could do it the sitting president of the
United States and get a special counsel
appointed who investigate the sitting
president of the United States on zero
underlying crimes and Your Honor you
don't think they might have framed my
client as well
the valid claim it's a valid claim so
what these people did at the top of the
FBI that homies the McCabe's The Strokes
at DOJ the Bruce ORS does Loretta
Lynch's the attorneys general like
Loretta Lynch and Eric Holder and again
this is all alleged but the evidence is
overwhelming what these people did
wasn't just
a slap in the face to Donald Trump in
the Trump campaign it wasn't just
putting the Hillary campaign before the
Trump campaign it was putting the
Hillary campaign before the country
before homeland security public safety
and national security
they put their own biases and the agenda
of one woman ahead of the entire nation
ahead of 330 million Americans people
should go to jail over this head should
roll over this careers should be
destroyed in names James for eternity
over this and I really hope these people
are not going to get a pass because
Americans have had enough this is
disgraceful at the highest levels and it
was all done because of political bias
and it was done because the donor and
the consultant class put in stand losing
money because of Donald Trump's new
paradigm in his new playbook and that's
what a lot of this was about Donald
Trump came into the game with a hundred
percent name recognition he didn't need
to spend millions upon millions of
dollars with the traditional consultant
class yeah I'm a firm believer that the
Republican consultant class would rather
lose than win the Republican
establishment though never Trump errs
would rather lose than win if they lose
an election that person who was running
for office has to pay them again in two
years if it was a congressional runner
in four years if it was a presidential
runner in six years if it was a Senate
run they've got to pay them again but if
that person gets elected while they have
their earned media their press secretary
calls a press conference and they don't
need to pay a communications firm a
retainer they don't need to pay
political consultants for polling that's
being done out of their office a lot of
money is lost for the consultants when a
candidate wins and a tremendous amount
of money millions upon millions maybe
even billions collectively around the
country when you factor in all
consultants over the term of a president
especially over two terms but be
billions in dollars lost when a guy like
Donald Trump who doesn't use any of
their traditional methods wins Hillary
would have made them all rich yeah Bush
would have made them all rich
and that's why there was this hysteria
to stop Donald Trump on one hand he was
gonna disrupt the governmental status
quo that deep state status quo and on
the other he was gonna disrupt the
consultant classes cash flow so you're
disrupting the status quo and you're
disrupting cash flow believe me it's
it's not it's it's not a leap to have
these people weaponized against you but
I couldn't be happier that now sunlight
is being shown on this because at the
end of the day these people are gonna be
exposed it's starting now that's why
they're hysterical that's why Adam
Schiff and Ted Lou and the New York
Times and CNN and wopo and CBS and NBC
are hysterical they're hysterical
because now the corruption is being
exposed and I always say this a great
thing
sunlight is the best disinfectant this
is really important content and I want
to keep bringing it to you every day so
please subscribe to our premium service
that www.mediaed.org ette to check out
my new one hour-long show here on the
rebel off the cuff Declassified you're
gonna love it we go much deeper in all
of these topics I have great guests on
every day guarantee you're gonna love it
thanks so much for watching I'll be back
with you tomorrow
