during the 2016 campaign the Obama
administration FBI approached the FISA
Court and was turned away from a request
to conduct some surveillance of Trump
associates this was in June 2016 that's
very unusual the FISA Court usually
approves most of the requests it's
almost a perfunctory approval but in
this case they turned it down the FBI or
the Justice Department it's not clear
exactly whom they came back in October
of 2016 and they were approved for
wiretaps later the results of these
wiretaps were leaked to the public and
that appears to have been a deliberate
act by the Obama administration which
greatly relaxed the rules on
distributing the transcripts of these
wiretaps throughout the government and
the individual American citizens who
aren't supposed to be revealed remember
this is an act this is surveillance that
targets foreigners the purpose is to
catch terrorists basically the American
names are supposed to be redacted but
they can be revealed to certain people
in the national security community with
the highest levels of security clearance
and that has to go through a formal
request process what happened was there
were a large number of unmasking
requests made in the dying days of the
Obama administration many of them
curiously by UN Ambassador Samantha
power who has that level of security
clearance but doesn't really have a role
in protecting the country so she made or
her office made a number of requests
Susan Rice Obama's former national
security adviser also made some requests
and subsequently the name of Michael
Flynn who was a key trump adviser and
served briefly as his national security
adviser before he was fired his name
came up and was leaked so he was caught
up in the surveillance as were several
others now where does this take us
basically this surveillance was used to
prosecute Flynn and to investigate other
Trump associates for their alleged
collusion with Russians
and this basically formed
basis of the Russia conspiracy theory in
the early days of the Trump
administration and the New York Times
and The Washington Post and other
mainstream outlets kept leaking little
bits of information that they had
received from sources at the FBI or the
intelligence agencies saying that they
had these wiretaps that these Trump
associates were on record they didn't
have any evidence of collusion but there
were these conversations with the
Russian ambassador and so on now there
was the contention made after Mark Levin
a conservative radio host here in the
United States put two and two together
and said hey I think the Obama
administration may have been spying on
Trump campaign associates deliberately
and he put that story out in March last
year I then wrote a follow-up to that
apparently the president saw might
follow up
according to reports and he then tweeted
infamously that Obama had his wires
tapped at Trump Tower that set off a
media feeding frenzy and they thought
the president had gone mad but
essentially the president's been proved
correct that there was this surveillance
and it continued not only during the
election but after the election and into
the president's term with it regard at
least apparently to one of his
associates who's never been charged with
the crime by the way Carter page but who
was under surveillance and the other
piece of this is that the Clinton
campaign funded the so-called Russia
dossier which was supposed to have
provided Russian intelligence on Trump
that served as the basis or at least
part of the basis for the FBI
investigation into the Russia collusion
that dossier funded by the Clinton
campaign and the Democratic National
Committee was apparently used by the FBI
or allegedly used by the FBI to obtain
that FISA warrant in other words they
came to the FISA Court with evidence
that the Democrats and Hillary Clinton
had paid for which was essentially
opposition research they had no
independent verification of it but they
came to the FISA Court and they said
look there's this evidence that we've
got in the course of our investigations
that we think there's something fishy
going on between these Trump associates
and Russia may we please conduct
surveillance on the Trump associates
and the court turned them down once but
apparently said yes to them in the fall
of 2016 and that's what led to much of
the fracas hear about the Russia
collusion conspiracy theories that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch The Daily
Show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
