c.b.c got access to our Energy Minister
Margaret wake Boyd and her chief of
staff the CBC filed a Freedom of
Information request to get access to
their emails during the time of April
8th and May 28th so that was you know
basically deadline time for trans
mountain and I guess the first thing
I'll say is I'm always glad when mark
mcquaig Boyd is in the news because I'm
always happy to hear that woman is still
alive because we actually never hear
anything from her and she should be one
of the most prominent people in Reichle
notley's cabinet considering so you know
good that we have proof of life but
during that time when they should have
been furiously working on doing whatever
they could to save trans mountain their
main focus was on Jason Kenney and how
the allegedly nonpartisan bureaucrats in
the energy ministry could spin the
failure of Rachel notley's government on
trans Mountain as somehow Jason Kenney
is doing years earlier
I mean it's home and time again whether
it's the the mainstream media or
partisan bureaucrats they keep saying
that Stephen Harper and his government
made absolutely no progress on pipelines
when that's categorically untrue and and
it's the stark contrast between the tone
of discussions back in the Harper era is
so so different than right now where
right now it's all about reconciliation
and an appeasement
whereas before is about getting a job
done that doesn't seem to be the case
anywhere certainly not for Rachel Notley
I mean Trudeau's a lost cause but at
least you think that the premier of oil
country would would be sticking up for
us but no for her it's it's it's just it
seems like a game honestly a political
game
that she's just just barely hanging on
to so that she can try and get elected
next next term you know and can anybody
really not understand why we can't get a
pipeline done when the energy ministry
bureaucrats are worried about helping
Rachel Notley win the next election
instead of saving 8,000 jobs directly
tied to TMX I mean that's the story of
this government know nothing is their
fault and their priorities are just so
skewed they were they were focused on
saving their own political shirts
instead of you know keeping clothes on
the back of the children of 8,000 oil
patch workers absolutely there's that
it's it's either past government's fault
or another government entirely if you're
right it is never Rachel knotless fault
there's that there's the there's the
blame game and blame game and then
there's the fact that our Confederation
is in shambles the fact that we can't
build such a simple project I mean I
don't want to say simple this is there's
so much money being invest in this and
so many workers jobs are on the line but
really this should be simple right like
it should be laying a pipe to tie water
that's what it needs to be and it and
there's just so many variables thrown
into this needless variables by our
Confederation from Quebec to BC that are
making this difficult I purposely
purposely for either ideological
ideologically driven reasons or because
they just really don't like Alberta for
some reason and at the end of the day
it's it's the workers and the children
and those workers that that are catching
the flak for that that's an excerpt from
my weekly full-length show the gun show
on my show I take on the issues of the
day through my Alberta conservative lens
and I talked to the real news makers the
mainstream media ignores to get access
to my show in all of our other premium
content click the link on the screen to
subscribe today
you
