I've been here what three days now feels
almost like two weeks or something I
feel like I've been on every I felt
every emotion there is there's the highs
of the land and people that believe
still in God and they and they talk
about the fact that they will endure the
land will endure there's real strength
here these the guys here the women
behind them especially the women are
such strong people and I miss it really
because in Britain I don't see this
strength but that you feel here it's a
strong place full of strong people who
love the land but then there's also been
the heartbreak you know sitting on the
step with Bernard where where his father
was killed listening to him talk about
the destruction of the life of his
eight-year-old son and his
eleven-year-old who wants to commit
suicide and then standing next to a farm
attacker responsible for setting up
these farm attacks and just wanting to
grab him and make him see how much hurt
he causes this is a place of such strong
feelings all the time it's really tiring
but you know this book land of sorrow it
was written by the lovely general who
says the price of life here is cheap
this is 1990 to 2009 this is all the
farm attacks the murders on white to
white farmers and their black farmers
and the black helpers who work on the
farms it's so many people and the
stories are so horrific you know land of
sorrow this place really is it's a land
that believes in itself and is strong
but it's also a place that seems to cry
a lot and they're crying out to be heard
and for the first time in a really long
time this is a story I really care about
and I feel really passionately that it's
a story I want people to hear and these
are truths that need to be told in order
that we can keep this journalism free
and independent from outside
interference we rely on your funds if
you can help us cover just the expenses
of this trip visit us at Hopkins
worldcom
