the Oscar nominations are out and oh man
it is crazy to see the first list of
films released entirely in the first
year of 80 which is of course after
Trump which is forever how will tell
time in history because of the wave of
cataclysmic changes in social themes
narratives and merit given to films in
general there are more than a few snubs
and even more than a few obvious gifts
to projects that are timely let's get
into projections and all the fun as I go
down the list of the top categories and
get my official rebel awards for
deserving films and the ones that are
clearly charity cases
or as I will say it's time for I've been
Davies this is pure Hollywood
first I gotta brag on a few things
especially gary oldman and darkest hour
i said this would be nominated on every
single circuit he's already taken home
the Golden Globe and a SAG Award for
Best Actor he's nominated once again is
clearly the frontrunner for the Oscars I
also mentioned that later in 2049 was
the best movie of the year I still think
it should I can't believe it's been
snubbed in all these categories but it
is in all the major cinematic categories
and special effects and it should clean
up if it doesn't win every single one of
those everyone in the Academy should be
kicked out now let's get into it I'm
gonna review many of these movies coming
up so now I can get into really the
details of them I'm just gonna go ahead
and give you my deserving award as well
as the it's time for award so Actress in
a supporting role my deserving award is
gonna be for Allison Janie's performance
in I Tanya deserving and captivating
performance and if you can separate
yourself from Margot Robbie one of the
best actresses on the block to date
gonna kill in the future you deserve an
award mary j blige was nominated for mud
bound and i guess it's time specifically
for an african-american musical singer
to win an oscar even though according to
the Economist if you compare the u.s.
populations for African American people
and the awards they've received the
nominations at the Oscars themselves it
is almost exactly even but I guess it's
still time for now for actor in a
supporting role my heart wants to go to
William Dafoe for the Florida Project
this is really unique role for him hope
he's gonna get some nod for this but I'm
gonna give it to Sam Rockwell for one of
my least favorite movies of all time
three billboards out sign at being
Missouri because he played such an awful
character it's winning all these award
and he was great he was great on it but
in fact he's winning awards getting
nominated for the worst character ever
as far as his personality he's just it
really just speaks to his gifts as an
actor to be able to pull this off and
still be that good and stand out and
scribe people so I'm gonna give him the
deserving award and my it's time award
goes to Woody Harrelson for also three
of billboards outside Epping Missouri
you know I love Woody Harrelson his
performance was incredibly underwhelming
I didn't think he really wanted to be
there the entire time I was watching and
I guess it's just time for a movie like
this to get so much attention so we're
gonna nominate two people in the same
category now for adapted screenplay
I'm actually give this to Molly's game
even though I think Jessica Chastain is
incredibly annoying when it comes to her
politics she's obviously a very gifted
actress it's a great performance in this
movie but where it really stands out
Aaron Sorkin is literally the man when
comes to narrative-driven movies and
this movie is one of them so Sorkin you
are deserving nomination for it's time
for has got to go to call me by your
name a movie about gay pedophilia seems
odd in this day and age nevertheless it
was still nominated for Best Adapted
Screenplay
so I guess knowing the plight of gay men
in pedophilia it's time now for original
screenplay I'm actually go shape of
water for this I really like Camila to
Toros work as well as this movie even
though I don't agree with paint the
politics of it it is a well drawn story
good screenplay so I'm gonna give the
nod to that as deserving now for three
billboards outside of Missouri being
nominated once again I guess a movie
that just villainized is an entire swath
of the country again it is not based on
the true story this guy completely made
up every single character in situations
in it I guess for these white Americans
in middle America to be villainized
completely and utterly it's I guess it's
it's it's time now for actor in a
leading role
now Daniel day-lewis had another movie
come out for the Phantom thread and
giving him the award it's basically
giving Tom Brady be MVP or LeBron James
they deserve it every single year let's
get some o people a chance I'm gonna
throw out to my man Gary Oldman for
darkest hour was actually phenomenal
performance if you want to know more
about it go check out the review the
rebel mania and Timothy Shama lent was
also nominated for his work in call me
by your name again a movie about
homosexual pedophilia I guess it's time
actress in a leading role I'm gonna give
you a word to Margot Robbie for a work
in i Tanya anytime you make one of the
most unlikable people in history at if
such a horrific thing interesting and
even a little bit charming it speaks to
how great you are as an actress Margot
Robbie you're awesome deserving Frances
McDorman three billboards outside
editing Missouri it's time now they
weren't for Best Director I actually
like all the directors in this category
I think they all did tremendous work so
I think they're all pre-dessert moving
on now the awards for Best Picture now I
want Dunkirk to win best picture for
this but I think Lady Bird is probably
the most deserving and I want to give to
shoutouts to the it's time movies that
were nominated call me by your name a
movie about homosexual pedophilia
and three billboards outside having
Missouri about how much we hate America
cinematography is actually all pretty
solid but it blade around 2049 does not
win this award I'm gonna scream at the
screen original score it's one of my
favorite categories from movie I'm
actually gonna give this one to the
shape of water very fast anyway they can
pose this really sounds like you feel
like you're a part of this you feel like
you're this kind of underwater thing it
really complements the entire movie as a
whole
three billboards outside everything was
why is this ever nominated it should not
be here but I guess finally it's time
and that's it for the main categories
guess what have to wait and see if the
Academy is gonna agree with my list or
go for all the movies and titles that
it's time for I'm Ben Davis this is pure
olliewood if you like this video and
others like it please consider becoming
a premium member to the rebel that way
you'll have first access to pure
Hollywood and the entire rebel lineup
you
