well I think that Donald Trump is like
legitimately a piece of shit
why do you say that because I'm Canadian
I think he doesn't belong so president
Trump is alleged to have called some
developing nations s whole countries now
a lot of people have said that this is
inappropriate language for the president
to use if he indeed said that yet then
again there are some pretty abysmal
places on the planet isn't there well
what do members of generation Trudeau
have to say about this one let's find
out what we're asking people ladies
about Donald Trump is alleged to have
called certain nations as shithole
countries and is getting some criticism
about that some people are saying it's
racism is it or what do you where do you
weigh in on this I think it is I just I
don't know it doesn't surprise me from
him at this point like nothing that he
says surprises me so yeah I definitely
think it is like out of respect that's
not the right thing listen nobody got
elected though yeah I I'm Canadian so
unfortunately I couldn't elect four
otherwise how how can you do that like
then your colleague you're comparing
country to country and then but he
didn't he didn't say II didn't ma'am II
didn't say the people in the country
started talking about the people in the
country saying like we need to get these
people out of here and like not let them
in but what do you think about that I
don't understand what defines a bad
country or what's a bad country I need
to ask are you like do you like Donald
Trump well I think given the choice
between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton
I would have had to go with Donald Trump
to be quite frank with you how about
yourself okay
okay so if I were to give an opinion I
would think that you're a sexist piece
of shit and wouldn't be the first time
that's been Evelyn and I think this is
totally fake newscast and I think this
isn't even gonna make TV I think this is
just for fun but if you want to go there
I think that you're like totally fake
and I think that Donald Trump is like a
useless piece of shit and if I were to
think any sort of like women power
anything like that like I think that we
would actually run the city in a country
how can I be fatties much better if you
prick me do I not bleed oh oh that's
pretty harsh Donald Trump that boy he's
crazy
nuclear bomb rot boom bow well I mean so
first of all what I want to establish is
like he's obviously like a very small
guy like he's a genius in fact like he's
a very stable genius wow this is totally
but you can't say someone's racist if
you don't know who they are and the
words people use don't define who they
are and let's be honest those are
shithole countries and I grew up in
Africa and I've been in shithole places
people are mad at him because he's
saying what you shouldn't say for the
problem today is people are so afraid to
say what they think that people
shouldn't say that they don't say what
they think is true and I'm not a Donald
Trump fan but I respect the fact that he
is the first politician ever experienced
that says what he thinks as I'm saying
earlier there are pretty abysmal regimes
on this planet that would maybe fall
into that definition don't you think
absolutely um but I don't mean that in
any rude way so Barry Chiho go off
shithole mississauga Shia Branton sure
you read you raise an interesting point
that
develop nations there are you know
assholes yes absolutely so I mean like
if we were to list every shithole
country I mean how much time do we have
do you guys how much film you have how
big is your SD card all right let's go
from should we go alphabetically is for
Afghanistan shall we said that right
we'll start I forget it fine shit ha
Albania shit huh Austria shale if you
fucking are you meet the Vienna come on
that's what miss bored lost Rally
Australia starts with an a pretty
fucking bad okay mark wave and won't
like that you know what I can't lie like
Donald Trump says some pretty facts
statements but he can be an idiot
sometimes you know what he can be an
idiot the guy by the same token sir
aren't there some really pretty abysmal
places on the planet Donald Trump says a
lot of dumb things that like offend a
lot of people but at the same time not
everything he says but some of the
things he says are pretty smart if
you're really from Ireland I wanted to
say something for me why are these kids
always after me lucky charms don't have
without me again lucky charms the
serious oh yeah yeah put that camera
down now with a camera oh you're gonna
punch me out oh yeah like what you just
saw then click subscribe below and never
miss another rebel video
