I read the the body of the petition and
it makes some pretty harsh allegations
against you and says professor Rick
Mehta of Acadia University expressed he
is against trans rights believes
residential schools did good and
believes that the indigenous industry
are exploiting Western values of justice
all these groups are protected under the
Human Rights Act Martin marginalized
communities in Nova Scotia cannot feel
comfortable having this man who is
against so many protected marginalized
groups teaching classes at a respected
university such as Acadia that petition
as of this morning has roughly seven
hundred and fifty signatures and I
believe was brought forward by a social
justice troublemaker in Nova Scotia
named it Jessica Durling she's a trans
activist who led the charge to have
people be able to choose their own
genders on their identification cards oh
yeah well I mean all of those were just
allegations without any evidence
whatsoever and then the retweets were
supposed to be evidence but when you
actually look at the retweets those have
nothing to do with the allegations in
the first place so I just kind of
laughed about that so the part that I
found disheartening and think I mean
thankfully now I have this skin thicker
skin than I did to six months ago but I
see comments though from former students
who've known me for years and know that
I stood by them in the past when they
were going through difficult periods to
see them say oh my god if that's what
he's done I'm so disappointed and then
without any kind of critical thought I
never thought he was a racist he hit it
well all these years
a petition those are I think we're
responses that astounded me the most is
the complete lack of critical thought
that you know just fact check first
before anything so I think that was a
part that I found the most I guess
morbidly fascinating as an academic so
thankfully I think skin so it doesn't
really hurt my feelings but anymore but
that's not an issue but but that's what
I find really amazing but I mean any
outsider show look at the
think if that's what a university
education has led to maybe we should not
really be sending our kids there as
they're not learning to think obviously
that's an excerpt from my weekly
full-length show the gun show on my show
I take on the issues of the day through
my Alberta conservative lens and I
talked to the real news makers the
mainstream media ignores to get access
to my show in all of our other premium
content click the link on the screen to
subscribe today
you
