a labor of love and a labor of duty is
finally ready isn't it it is ready like
you said not without a work sweat blood
and tears just travelling to so many
different places I've been working with
persecuted Christians but really I mean
the the title the subtitle The Forgotten
refugees I mean that's so beautiful in
so many levels you know we think about
the word refugee and we just think it's
just somebody that wants to come here
somebody in our country but refugee
means people that have been displaced
people that have been kicked out of
their homes have been a product of a
genocidal campaign and these are the
Christians they aren't being talked
about they are being ignored they are
being forgotten and they're being
persecuted and specifically in Iraq it's
been it's definitely been a process and
a project to get into their minds to
understand what it is they truly want
but we are finally there and it's been a
pleasure to work alongside these people
and a pleasure to be a part of something
that actually could make a difference I
think that's been one of the main issues
in a lot of films maybe that have come
out about this which are of course
always very important there have been no
films really that discuss exactly what
has happened in a simplistic
easy-to-understand way and then also
address solutions what they're still
facing now sure we see headlines that
Isis is on the retreat but does that
mean the Christians are all safe
absolutely not how can we help them what
is it that they actually want and that's
what this documentary touches on yes I
think a lot of people in the West are
fatigued by the subjective refugees
because there's been so many of them and
so many of them seem bogus the young men
sweeping across Europe in by the million
now they don't look and feel like
refugees they're not women and children
and that's why this is called The
Forgotten refugees because there's no
one waging a genocide against Muslims
there's no there's no attempt to
ethnically cleanse Muslims Isis itself
is Muslim The Forgotten refugees are the
ones that you and I have seen in Iraq
Christians who can't even get into a UN
refugee camp because those are run by
Muslim extremists themselves yes and
that's one of the things that you know
that I've seen that we've seen in
working on this documentary in the years
of
over there is that one not only are
these UN refugee camps first they're the
places where they pick out refugees they
do the vetting themselves they pick them
out vetting I should say they pick them
out and so if you can't even get into a
camp because a UN refugee per or a UN
refugee agency's either one we won't let
you in because of course they're run by
locals there or - we can't guarantee
your safety in this camp there's
fundamentalists then they can't even get
there but a lot of the times they're
forgotten also because these aren't the
people you know dying and trying to
cross borders to desperately get into
Europe or Canada or the u.s. these are
the people that just want to go home
back to their home and rebuild their
villages that's an excerpt from my daily
TV show the Azrael avance show normally
it's behind a paywall but I thought
you'd like this video so we put it on
YouTube if you want to subscribe to
watch the daily show every day including
always - interviews today and I read my
hate mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
