it's day three of testimony at the West
Edmonton Mall Syrian refugee sexual
assault trial and I'm at the Edmonton
law courts bringing you the details you
won't hear anywhere else so Livan hajj
suleman is standing trial for six counts
of sexual assault and another six counts
of sexual interference against six minor
victims all girls all under the age of
16 the charges stem from a series of
alleged gropings and assaults that
happened at Edmonton's world waterpark
wave pool in February 2017 now yesterday
we saw a second child witness another
complainant now 14 who was 13 at the
time of the alleged assault against her
she was at the waterpark with one other
friend that day her videotaped statement
was played and as she gave direct
testimony her mother was in the
courtroom openly crying the young lady
described the accused as grabbing her
hips and her behind at least five times
and then twice stroking her genitals one
time for at least five seconds
today's child witness was 14 at the time
now 15 when she was at the water park
that day attending the very same team
birthday party as our first witness on
Monday she described the accused as
following her friend and grabbing her
friend from behind in a separate
incident the young girl describes the
accused as going under the waves and
running his hands the length of her body
from just below her breasts to her hips
before lifting her up in the water now
all three girls who have testified have
described the accused as wearing bright
blue shorts with rainbow swimming
goggles we also know that the accused
has dramatically changed his appearance
since he was first arrested on these 12
charges shaving his full beard he now
sits in the courtroom completely
clean-shaven
now despite his
changing appearance all three girls have
come from behind the screen in this
child-friendly courtroom to identify the
accused as the man who assaulted them in
the water park that day the second child
was so visibly shaken that she needed a
break after identifying the accused
there has been just two other reporters
in the courtroom today but the accused
liberal do-gooder entourage well they're
back although it's dwindled down to six
from the initial 10 supporters we saw on
Monday I've watched these brave girls
describe the accused the way one would
describe a shark going under the water
waiting until its victim is off balance
to pounce and they really are just
little tiny girls but the feminists of
the me2 movement they're not here for
these girls these girls are doing this
all on their own reporting from the
Edmonton courthouse
for the rebel dot media I'm Sheila gun
Reid I'm reporting from the Edmonton law
courts covering the West Edmonton Mall
Syrian refugee sexual assault trial to
never miss an update be sure to become a
rebel subscriber today
you
