female genital mutilation is brutal and
barbaric the sort of medical procedure
one would expect to find in a proverbial
shite whole country yet the practice is
sadly not just confined to those abysmal
places is it there's a landmark female
genital mutilation trial taking place in
Michigan so far things are not going
well for the side who needs justice
served at least if you count yourself as
a member of Team civilisation as opposed
to team barbarism disturbingly a US
district court judge has dismissed the
one major charge out of several others
against doctors Jimena Nagar Walla and
Fakhruddin otta sadly the charge dropped
is the one that could have landed these
two want to be dr. Frankenstein's in
prison reportedly for life that drop
charge was conspiracy to transport a
minor with intent to engage in criminal
sexual activity the couple was arrested
last April after they were accused of
genetically mutilating at least six
girls at a clinic in Lavanya just west
of Detroit two of the girls hailed from
Minnesota and both were seven at the
time Hess seven years old they were
brought to Michigan by their mothers who
are also charged the case but Judge
Bernard Friedman dropped the conspiracy
charge and this is surely a setback for
those advocating for the millions of
women and girls who suffer physical and
emotional scours due to this horrific
practice by way of background last year
nagas Walla an Indian American physician
in Detroit became the first person
charged under a US law that criminalizes
female genital mutilation even though
the law has been on the books since 1996
Nagar Walla and her husband ATAR were
also charged with conspiracy lying to a
federal agent and obscuring an official
proceeding but in his decision to drop
the conspiracy to transport
a minor with intent to engage in
criminal sexual activity judge Friedman
argued that there were no convincing
arguments indicating that sexual
activity against minors had occurred
despite the fact that these girls had
their vaginas mutilated in a press
release attorney Elizabeth your
international child advocate and head of
the end FGM today initiative stated
quote we are perplexed by the courts
mind-numbing analysis the victims in
this case did not have their ears nose
our face mutilated rather the defendants
intentionally mutilated the genitals the
sexual organs of little girls by
penetrating them the court found that
although FGM was a criminal act it was
not criminal sexual activity we do not
agree with the courts legalistic jujitsu
which as a result leaves young victims
who are transported across state lines
at great pearl to this barbaric
procedure end quote
but a question arises in the aftermath
of the not guilty verdict on this
particular charge what was the judge
thinking was he beholden to some kind of
a legal technicality or was Judge
Freedman buying into the whole cultural
sensitivity nonsense
after all in Agarwal Allah denies any
crime was even committed but rather she
merely performed the religious custom on
girls from her Muslim sect the India
base de woody Bora the mutilation of a
little girl's genitals is simply part of
a time-honored tradition back home got a
problem with that sort of diversity
what are you an Islamophobe or something
this sort of thinking is not a one-off
as I pointed out last year in this space
and a paper published in the Journal of
medical ethics co-authored dr. Allen
Jacobs director of the gynecological
oncology department at Coney Island
Hospital proposed a somewhat
controversial solution to FGM which is
to say he believes this form of
mutilation should be tolerated as long
as the procedure can be made less
invasive and performed in a sterile
environment
dr. Jacobs even suggested that banning
FGM is a form of cultural prejudice Wow
even the United Nations has proclaimed
this odious practice as a form of child
abuse but somehow a doctor practicing in
a modern American Hospital thinks child
abuse is a cultural practice something
that shouldn't be banned but merely made
more sterile so much for the Hippocratic
oath bottom line we apparently now have
judges and doctors in the West going to
bat for FGM presumably because they
don't want to be branded as politically
incorrect this is maddening this is
sickening for if we do not take a stand
on something so repulsive as FGM are the
through a legal loophole or for fear
that we might hurt the feelings of
someone beholden to barbarism
then we are doing not to prevent young
girls and woman from being victimized in
this day and age of me2 and time's up
how can that possibly be acceptable for
the rebel dog media I'm David the men's
ID Menzies hey folks if you like that
commentary please consider becoming a
rebel premium subscriber and never miss
another rebel video
you
