jane fonda makes some shocking comments
about President Trump and his voters
some nice I'm not so nice let's talk
about that today on the Hollywood
conservative for the rebel alright y'all
know I am NOT a fan of celebrities
voicing their political opinions of
course I am biased I openly admit that
it's supremely because most of them are
liberal idiots
one such liberal is Hanoi Jane Fonda
this woman is a traitor to our country
plain and simple
she frequently pontificates on issues
that she knows pretty much nothing about
but despite her ignorance she recently
said something remotely intelligent
remotely like not next to but maybe down
the street across the river through the
next town to the gas station on the
outskirts like I said remotely on
politico's women rule podcasts she said
this regarding President Trump
here's something though that I think is
important I hate what he stands for what
he does what he says I don't hate him I
feel that I understand a little bit this
is a man who was traumatized as a child
by his father who had a mother that
didn't protect him and the behavior is
the language of the wounded so you have
to have empathy for him while you hate
what he does she also said that some
Trump voters are white supremacist not
shocking at all right so should we talk
about the dozen or so people who showed
up to the white supremacist rally versus
the hundreds of thousands of liberals at
black lives matter marches who refused
to concede that all lives matter just
black lives but I guess that's an
inconvenient truth that there are far
more racist on the Left than there are
on the right hand wide Jane goes on to
say this but there's a whole bunch of
Trump support Trump voters who we have
to open our hearts to and understand why
they voted the way they did and try to
reach them it's really not that hard to
understand why we voted for him
individual liberties religious freedom
stronger military lower tak
is America first its oops easy Jane so
yeah I agree with her briefly but then I
checked her Twitter and I see that her
period of lucidity was merely a fog of
ignorance that had been briefly lifted
because she tweeted this on Monday
crowds are gathering at the Capitol we
stand in solidarity with dr. Christine
blaze afford hashtag believe survivors
hashtag times up yeah so oh well I'm not
like I really enjoyed agreeing with her
anyway so thanks for joining me today
everybody I'm Amanda head the Hollywood
conservative for the rebel if you
enjoyed my commentary and want to hear
more from all of us here at the rebel
subscribe to our premium content at
www.affordablecomm.com
