I watched a video where I saw a Hindu
man speaking of Parliament this week and
he told the truth he told the truth back
the Quran he told the truth by Islamic
shocked me in Parliament he's formed an
organization in India with hundreds of
thousands of volunteers who protect the
Hindu community they protect their women
all the same problems we face they face
I'm gonna go sit down with him and hear
talk to him find out what problems that
there are in India it's sort of prison
to me we do because there's a long ways
to meet you
in the UK see in our schooling system
everyone is being bought up from a low
level to believe Islam is peaceful to
believe this it's down to interpretation
of course the whole of our country
market to their school so you've
experienced firsthand see this is pure
ignorance Islam itself never claimed
that it is peaceful it is other people
they're imposing this so-called peace
this lamb repeatedly says peace be upon
him he means per month not peace be upon
people and this F fanaticism radicalism
this is a defector this is true Islam
Islam this lack of knowledge about these
basic instructions of the religion it is
it must be propagated and let people
know let people read crown empowerment
we mentioned about to Kio you mentioned
the word to key empowerment can you
explain what that is because I'm oh I
know what it is but that's the problem
we have is most people in Britain most
politicians don't understand to hear
Quran step chapter 3 verse number 28
here Allah says his follower that is a
believer that is a Muslim that is a
Mohammedan that you cannot take an
unbeliever as your
but with exception if you need
protection then you can you can pretend
to be le of a non non believer that is
t'keyah that is Takia as long as you are
weak then be non-believer then you can
pretend oh oh you are my friend but
whenever you become stronger then you
cannot take him as a li if he is a
non-believer this is t'keyah there
should be mass education on this that's
why I said with the education see
someone if they were teaching the kids
the truth
teaching kids facts about you are facing
this Islamic onslaught very recently you
do not have the numbers on your side if
any situation arises that this there
will be a big world which is called as a
civilizational class then also number is
needed and we have that number we have
that potential to fight because we know
them we know them for long 1300 years
your people don't know them the first
attack on our land was in 711 ad in
spite of this 1,400 years aggression
still we India we Hindustan we are
surviving this long Islamic aggression
we somehow resisted resisted and still
we are following our religion our
civilization they desecrate our temples
or religious places they attack our
religious positions they attack our
religious programs and not only that
they do many ugly things see they do not
believe in the date you worship that is
Statue our ship they think idolatry is
very much
seen to them as muscle down and we we
are worshipping big idol of many gods
the Muslim boys come there only to taste
the Hindu girls well to touch the Hindu
Hindu girls only to molest the Hindu
girls I've seen that where the first
person first place or heard of the term
love jihad so that's what I is lot this
matters in this in our country we have
mass scandal going on which is grooming
great and tell me about what you've seen
that in India see I am very sorry to say
that this love jihad happening in few
provinces like and like every disease
infectious disease sadly in our Hindu
homes the there are there are religious
there is religious training rituals etc
but but the Hindus are not taught about
the evil design and intention of the
Muslims therefore in most of the cases
the Muslim boys take a Hindu name by
prod and the boy get in touch with Hindu
girl and he proposed the girl he takes
her to a restaurant on on the backside
of his motorbike to healer and they get
in affair but see this is not simple
love affair what happens almost in every
cases when the boy or the girl indulges
in some any kind of physical intimacy
even like the kiss they take the
photograph and then they exploit the
girl they force the girl to marry him to
come come out with him and to be
heart and if this thing is called love
jihad it's not exactly the same is
happening here exactly the same where
they pretend they're Sikh they come and
pretend they're Sikh and then they use
exactly the same tactics that's what I
want to understand these I think the
problem is in India you're many 10 or 15
years ahead of us it comes you're going
to face which is my understanding
usurper who set up your organization
which has a hundred thousand young hindu
men who volunteer to now protect your
community to protect your daughters yeah
yeah yeah but I want to add one factor
you see you have very powerful Hollywood
Hollywood the cinema making in in our
India there is volume this very powerful
Hindi films are produced here and here
all the heroes are Muslims all the cons
Aamir Khan Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan
Noah Judean Khan all Khan's
how can it happen in the country where
only 14% population is Muslim in the
India India but in the Bollywood heroes
not the hero ins okay only heroes all
our Muslims how it is possible only
because our Bombay film industry is
controlled by the notorious underworld
don Dawood Ibrahim criminal and he's
sitting under double protection of
Pakistan in Karachi and his Bollywood
films has a huge impact on that young
mind on the youth with the problems from
the love she had with the rights or the
attacks on your temples can you below in
the place police are also scared of this
Muslim they they they have some sympathy
for us but the politicians the both
beggar politicians beggar of wars this
partition's
intervene to catch the criminals to
punish the criminals the politicians in
veins and apology politicians stop the
police policy parties and stop the
police to act against these Muslim
criminals because of their vote from the
Muslim community gap it's the same the
same of all the rate scandals in the UK
there's not the Muslim community I've
never stood up against them
I'll never bow never I would have never
reported him all the temple all the
mosques knew what's happening not one
person here open their mouth for though
they were never any attacks happen the
Islamic terrorist attack happens the
mainstream media hide it and they say
the perpetrator is a a she is Asian this
is very misleading term this Asian and
who is the culprit of this confusion the
mainstream media therefore it is our
duty to check the mainstream media how
it is our duty to empower and expand in
this social media this social media
because mainstream media needs huge
amount of money if you want to start a
newspaper if you want to start a TV
channel full fledged TV channel
it needs a huge monetary investment
which common people cannot afford and
whoever those money they impose their
design their control upon it therefore
really I request you to convey the world
these all these terrorist attacks this
knife at ours this truck jihad these are
not by the Asians but the Muslims
because there are peaceful peace-loving
Japanese Asians there are peace-loving
Hindu Asians there are peace-loving
South Korean Asians to therefore deserve
the not fault of Nations but of the
Muslims and this term race race what is
the race race with in India country like
India we and the Muslims are of the same
race because all they are converted but
after
getting converted their behavior their
psychology changed there but this is not
the racial violence
this is religious violence motivated
inspired originated from the scripture
therefore this asian term is the scene
of the mainstream media this mainstream
media they are sinners to destroy this
entire humanity by not letting the
people know the truth often here's a
free for everybody anywhere to watch but
they're not free to make we have a
studio we have a camera crew we have
editors we have security I'm asking for
your help to keep us on the air if you
value the work we do if you value the
news we bring you the police go to Tommy
Robinson comm forward slash support and
give us a monthly voluntary donation
keep us on the air
