I'm in the courtroom for the West
Edmonton Mall Syrian refugee sex assault
trial bringing you all the details you
won't hear in the mainstream media
silliman hajj suleman was one of Justin
Trudeau's first wave of 50,000 Syrian
refugees he's a father of six and he's
currently facing trial for 12 charges
six counts of sexual assault and another
six counts of sexual interference
against six minor girls all under the
age of 16 the charges stem from a series
of gropings that occurred at West
Edmonton Mall 'he's world waterpark
February 4th 2017 the defendant Suliman
hajj suleman is joined by his wife in
full hijab and ten supporters all white
all Western all in their twilight years
hajj suleman also requires full
word-for-word translation to arabic even
though he's been in canada since late
2015 and even though I saw him in the
hallway of the courthouse standing with
his white western entourage apparently
able to understand the conversation
they were all having here's what I can
tell you so far from day one of this
five-day trial we've been given a little
bit of a hint about what the defense
will be so far the defense's contention
is with the identification of the
defendant so this won't be like other
trials where the Islamic immigrant
defendant claims ignorance of Western
cultural norms and ignorance of the law
we do know that surveillance video from
West Edmonton Mall will be shown as well
as six video statements given by the
complainants in the days that followed
the alleged assaults we've heard from
the first victim today she was 14 at the
time of the offences against her in her
videotaped statement given the day after
the attack
she looks every bit a fourteen-year-old
child with her hair in pigtails braids
she broke down just minutes into her
video statement that was
taken at the zebra Child Protection
Center saying she didn't sleep the night
before she gave a detailed description
of her day leading up to the alleged
assault at the wave pool at West
Edmonton Mall it was a birthday party
for three of her friends on her soccer
team and that's why they were at the
water park she said a man was swimming
under the waves and touching people and
she had heard from other people around
her remarking that the same thing had
happened to them the young girl said
that she was then grabbed in the breasts
and grabbed on her behind in the waves
she described it as though the defendant
was trying to lift her out of the pool
she says he left the wave pool and told
her friends what had happened later on
she went back into the pool where the
same man touched her again on her behind
what I can tell you is that the
prosecutor and the zebra Child
Protection Center and the Edmonton City
Police are doing everything they can to
ease the trauma of testimony on these
young victims including bringing in a
therapy dog to aid them as they testify
here I'll be here for most of the rest
of this five-day trial bringing you
updates every single day from the
Edmonton law courts for the rebel media
I'm Sheila gunnery I'm here at the
Edmonton law courts this week reporting
on the West Edmonton Mall Syrian refugee
a sexual assault trial to catch all of
my reports click the link below to
become a rebel subscriber today
you
