sometimes history is stranger than
fiction and sometimes we fictionalized
strange history to make money at the box
office all the money in the world has
made headlines from reshooting Kevin
Spacey's for all who's now living as a
gay man being an Oscar buzz film and
being the latest victim of the left
sanctimonious judgement communists
I will cover all the drama on the next
pure Hollywood for now let's take a look
at the real-life drama all the money in
the world
all the money in the world was directed
by powerhouse director Ridley Scott the
budget has not been released but I
imagined it to count up recently and
this grows just under 40 million dollars
worldwide spoilers ahead now my view
review is going to be a 3 out of 5 this
movie will be interesting if the subject
actually interests you if you're
interested in the lore the crime drama
the Geddes themselves this movie will
entertain you a bit however it is
definitely too long and it is bogged
down with a few random family scenes
that didn't need to be there a lot of
just the family drama that is boring
gets wrapped up in the crime thriller
drama that is this unbelievable
real-life account of the getti
kidnappings in 1970
however most the drama isn't with the
Gettys biological children his son Getty
jr. pretty much disappears and his wife
played by Michelle Williams goes back
and forth arguing with her father-in-law
there is also a pretty big lack of
character aren't there's a few
characters that aren't dynamic that
change a bit including Mark Wahlberg's
character as well as one of the
kidnappers that I love but because of
the lack of change in characters and the
lack of emotional chains throughout the
movie it does feel a bit flat especially
with this over to our runtime the movie
kind of putters along especially in the
second half critically I'll give this
movie a four out of five yes this movie
did lack some entertainment elements
that I really wanted them to dig into
especially focusing on the crime itself
and being more in that world and not so
much as the family bickering but the
film was carried by several very good
performances that are already nominated
including Christopher Plummer who
replaced Kevin Spacey who is now living
as a gay man
they cast Christopher Plummer and re
shot every single scene in ten days they
get it still within its release date and
thank goodness for the reshoots because
if not the first 25 minutes would have
been literally unbearable to watch Kevin
Spacey played paul Getty bonding with
his grandson for like half an hour it
would been awful Mark Wahlberg Michelle
Williams both gave rousing performances
as well however I did not feel like
their roles were gonna be
oscar-nominated worthy performances but
there is still someone who I think
should get an Oscar nod this year Romain
Duris who plays one of the
jairs who kidnap jay paul Getty the
third and throughout the movie he is
absolutely entertaining to watch the
entire time it was great to watch this
performance that I was not looking for
because there's all these name stars and
all the drama going on with certain
actors in the movie so when I actually
got to watch him and it's really really
fast thing I do hope he gets an Oscar
nod this year now I'm gonna get into a
little bit of the history and also while
I was confused with some of the choices
that Ridley Scott made who I do love and
I'm a huge fan of many of his awesome
films but this one is a bit lackluster
if you've seen his previous work I was
also kind of confused at a few of the
story choices including the way they
portrayed Jay paul Getty the third in
the movie he is an angel child and
absolutely lovely the entire time so
it's like there's no growth or change in
his character in real life Jay paul
Getty the third having a lot of problems
in real life Jay paul Getty the third
was living the bohemian life frequenting
nightclubs and taking part in many
left-wing demonstrations that's right
he's basically an anti fam ember back in
the day and he did mention to a lot of
his friends who were communist
revolutionaries that he could kidnap
himself and extraord this night of it
even talked about it with multiple
different people which is why the cops
were confused when they were doing their
original investigation
he had an extreme drug problem even
after his release and getting back in
the real world he's suffered a crippling
overdose with a cocktail of drugs in New
York in the 80s this lets him paralyze
to a wheelchair until the day he died in
2011 also in the movie Jay Paul Getty
the Third's father Jay Paul Getty jr.
was completely taken out in the movie
now in real life Jay Getty was the one
that was talking with his father trying
to go she ate the money he did not have
the seventeen million but after talking
the kidnappers down was able to put the
two million and took out a loan from his
father for the other 1 million with 4
percent interest now why I think this is
important is because you could had a
much better arc I believe that these
characters if he's shown them the way
they were really were if you had this
maverick Bohemian Club life grandson who
had never known anything different
kidnapped you could have seen this in
crazy arc and realization that could
have happened with him as he goes from
this lavish world and lifestyle down to
the grid of being kidnapped in the woods
for like three months I mean you could
imagine that just shocking reality as
you go from living as a king to being a
prisoner
also the estranged relationship would
have been a bit more interesting I do
believe between Jay Getty jr. and his
father and not Michelle Williams
character but it was
still a good movie and we'll still be
nominated for a few award shows and
categories coming up faith in values I
made this movie a four out of five there
are many lessons to be learned from a
film in this story like this in this
movie it does show the fruits of hard
work and frivolous living from a
biblical perspective we know that the
person given ten towns who makes ten
more will be given the one talent that
was given to one person who didn't do
anything with it and I was also glad
they didn't just focus on demonizing
capitalism and condemn people who are
wealthy they also show people who are
communist revolutionaries who are also
very greedy and selfish and they are
money itself is not evil it is what you
do with it in what it means to you
and now there is plenty of other drama
to talk about but the genesis of most
people problems goes back to this father
the lack of fatherhood and the father
figure in today's society has ravaged
many countries and is a crucial part of
biblical truth the bible says train up a
child in the way that he should go said
even when he is old he will not depart
from it
Ephesians 6:4 also says fathers do not
provoke your children to anger but bring
them up in discipline and instruction of
the Lord and you see the effects of the
misuse or lack of fatherhood strung out
in each of these characters Paul Gettys
father was a harsh man who said he would
never really become anything jay paul
Getty jr. suffered as an alcoholic drug
addict as well as dealing with many
bouts of depression because of the lack
of a father figure feeling neglected Jay
Paul Kennedy the third fell the most
basically growing up in entitlement and
becoming an aunt Eva member in Europe
obviously you can see a theme here of
money not being able to buy you
happiness Jay paul Getty the richest man
in the world at the time knew that the
money was going to destroy his family
and almost destroyed him growing up he
tried to keep the money from him he was
also a very frivolous man as well and
wanted to keep it from everybody however
this one quote really does give you
insight into what he really felt what he
knew had value Jay paul Getty said in an
interview I hate and regret the failure
of my marriages I would gladly give all
of my millions to have one lasting
marital success
unquote it would seem he knew the poison
of what that kind of wealth could bring
and one of the one thing you could not
buy a purpose filled life what is it to
gain the entire world and lose your soul
I'm Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood
all right if you like this video and
others like it please consider becoming
a premium member to
rebel that way you'll have first access
to pure Hollywood and the entire rebel
lineup
you
