while in Poland I met with Adam stars in
ski he's a young polish Swedish citizen
who knows the political scenario inside
out he's seen the difference between
unpatriotic Sweden and conservative
Poland Adam gave us interesting insights
into Poland's politics but I wanted to
talk more about the cultural effect that
Poland is having on the rest of Europe
and the West we talked about how young
people are fighting the political
establishment in unconventional ways and
how Poland's national and popular
culture hasn't been poisoned by the far
left in the same way it has been in the
West so I do arts and culture that's my
thing
I was an artist in New York City and I
got blacklisted and attacked by the left
so now I'm here talking about arts and
culture and I happened to be in Poland
so I found out a few things I guess
Chopin is from Warsaw here in Poland
which is super cool and I guess that
culture is still really booming I saw a
little girl in Old Town playing a violin
I saw a lot of Chopin's stuff there what
else there's there's a lot of young oh
yeah the traditional dancing you know
I'm also Croatian heritage a first
generation American and I grew up in the
coal and we would do that whole like
holding hands in the traditional garb
which is kind of similar it was so nice
to see those costumes and young kids
doing all that and I also saw on the
streets you guys have your own graffiti
I think New York started graffiti sure
sure but we're trying to catch up I'm
personally not really a fan of graffiti
especially of just a scribbling on the
walls yes and at least the murals are
pretty nice right when they when you
paint some large buildings and with nice
motives I have nothing against it right
yeah we have that in Brooklyn as well
there's I think it's funded graffiti
and they always have some sort of
message and it is quite beautiful but a
lot of times I see a lot of far-left
type graffiti and messages in Brooklyn
unfortunately but in Poland you guys
have the opposite you have some
right-wing well there is a war going on
I would say that there is a lot of
left-wing graffiti too because it's one
of the few forms in which they can show
their presence in the city because they
aren't if we talk about the real far
left the militant left the antifa in in
Sweden where I grew up they dominate the
streets here in Poland they have a hard
time showing themselves on the streets
them and the football the hardcore
supporters they don't really like each
other and there's simply more of the
football guys over here than than antifa
so they need to watch their back and
they prefer operating at night with
graffiti stickers and operations such as
that I mean that's really interesting to
me because in New York it's
predominantly left
it's an Tifa is out there they have bars
that have an T 4 flags waving they're
hanging inside of the bar they're
telling me look out we know where you
live I mean I've gone through an event
where antifoam is all in a mask
talk to me sing Martina I know where you
live Martina
and they have absolutely no shame and
it's just amazing that in Poland it's
the opposite they're the ones hiding at
night yeah of course I don't encourage
any kind of actions directed any way but
it's nice to know at least that you
aren't as much of a target as as you are
in Sweden so well is of course I wish
that these these tensions wouldn't exist
it's all very unnecessary I think that
it has come down to in Poland we had
more of this probably in the late 90s in
the early 2000s in recent years these
militant ideological battles they have
fizzled out now instead you have large
liberal protest movements III don't know
what the American equivalent would be
but I've guessed something of time
time's up for the women's March think
things like these so absolutely not
nonviolent events still very emotional
they're very charged but here in Poland
we have something called the committee
to the defense of democracy that they
are out and demonstrating quite often
and sometimes they were met by counter
demonstrations but political violence is
very rare and and that's how it should
be
so instead people they they sometimes
they fight with graffiti sometimes they
fight with stickers but as long as they
stay away from any crazy ideas yeah yeah
I mean I wasn't even aware that what an
t4 was until they targeted me and I
didn't realize such a dramatic opposites
of polar opposites of political warfare
that was going on until I became the
target of it and they ruined my career
so yeah it's out there I don't condone
it I don't condone our side acting with
their principles I don't think we need
to do that I think in America we are
winning you know we won from we won the
House the Senate and how the Supreme
Court so I think with our memeing you
know which
our form of art I think means our art
and I think we're starting to gain
ground I mean their artwork the left
artwork is all about shock and grotesque
degenerate stuff but it's just not even
interesting anymore
they're obsessed with Trump doing
anti-trump artwork and the comedy is
just really lame with that with all that
political correctness so I think they
really are losing and they are losing
the culture war so I you know that's
exciting but I see Poland as a little
bit more you guys that we were still
like I said afraid in New York afraid of
van Tifa they have more of a stronghold
but it's starting to shift but you guys
already have that ground here which is
exciting and I would I would like to see
more as I heard of this rapper that does
a lot of patriotic rap and encourages
the youth to exercise and do stuff this
is actually something that is
encapsulated militia which is a sporty
lifestyle basically so these rappers
they often promote trying out different
sports for example it could be even some
you know something that people would
consider silly sports water polo
handball volleyball whatever it doesn't
have to be MMA or boxing or what even if
that is probably the favorite sports by
many of these these people or football
naturally but but in general they they
want people to live healthy lives
they are telling young people to don't
drink which in Poland is quite a problem
we have a history of a lot of vodka
consumption so anything that makes young
kids stop smoking smokers stop drinking
and enough absolutely staying away from
drugs
so in this saying sport of it drips it
encapsulate make sure that you that you
work out that you try to improve in some
sport and that you stay away from all
the bad stuff and often they also
encourage to get it get involved in some
activity some cause start studying so
self-improvement so it's a very positive
message yeah recently and it said
something about bragging about working
out or like watch out if you work out
too much you may accidentally become
far-right well it's like this Chad beam
that then it's going around at the same
time at the opposite end we have the fad
positivity movement or a lot of other
crazy crazy ideas it feels like the left
is embracing anything that is ugly they
don't like the lights they don't like
beauty and for conservatives you can
even see it in things such as
architecture for example the left they
they embrace post modernist architecture
a lot of strange
glass buildings in very different weird
shapes while if we look back I was I was
in in Sicily a few weeks ago and in
these old Barack towns and and
southeastern Sicily and when you when
you see what people did 300 years ago
when when there was a small church it
didn't have to be a cathedral it was
just enough that it was a church or that
there was a a main square of a city
everything is so beautiful people put
their soul into their craft
today it's all about counting economy
what is the cheapest what is the most
efficient way so around town and worse
out here as well and then there's parts
that were built after the war I don't
know if this fits into most modernism
necessarily but then there's like old
town and you could see the difference
between the gray and the cement
Nouriel old culture and those buildings
it just has such a different feel Warsaw
has a reputation of being a very mixed
City Cracow our old capital city was not
razed to the ground during the war and
is full with wonderful wonderful
buildings in the city centre here in
Warsaw we have more brutalist
architecture social realism so gray
concrete slabs 16 floors high but apart
from that we have also reconstructed
because in in the city the Germans they
razed to the ground 90% of all buildings
and the things that were rebuilt in Old
Town they all look like they did three
four hundred years ago so there you can
see the contrast between the old beauty
and the Communists they see where the
life is the life is definitely in Old
Town there's festivals that's where
they're selling artwork and selling food
out in the streets you see children
playing and laughing with balloons it's
it's super nice and then the great part
is it's not quite like that
but what you said about the music and
encouraging not to drink and do all that
it reminds me of when I was younger in
the hardcore music scene I don't know if
you're familiar with hard nosed I don't
know music it's kind of in that punk
realm but it's it's a hardcore scream of
music and growing up it was called we
were straightedge in Australia games you
don't drink you don't smoke no any drugs
of that sort and I think that was a
really good thing to embrace and it so
happens that some of these
bands were actually Christian Christian
fans so you see a lot of that I mean
Poland just super Catholic and all that
too so it's kind of a really great thing
when you see the faith and and all these
morals and things it just makes you
better humans and I think it's a really
great inspiration for the youth that is
so much better than idolizing someone
that got famous for a sex tape when it
comes to the left that feels that apart
from distancing themselves from you D
they have also distanced themselves from
the truth this is why they embrace
relativism and this is also why anything
goes while on the conservative side
people try to improve themselves they
strive for new goals new horizons and
this is the way forward and this is also
why unfortunately Western Europe and
North America is losing ground in in
East Asia we see cultures that are very
dynamic growing of course they have
their own issues their own problems but
if we compare our societies they are
clearly on the up on the rise why we
have been stagnating for a long time and
I think we should put the blame on the
left it's it's a result of relativism
and of absolutely not encourage anyone
to be better than they currently are
right there's something about sacrifice
and I know as a Catholic we talk about
that as well you know sacrifice Jesus
sacrificed himself and we sacrifice
eating meat and certain times I mean
sacrifices so much about our our faith
and there really is something to it
because if you just completely act on
your impulses and every indulgence that
you have it's so selfish and it becomes
such a sin you know so I think that's
what I see with what you're saying of
having to work on being a better person
and improve yourself it takes sacrifice
and there's something really really
strong about that
and something closer to God when you're
able to sacrifice absolutely it's also
that you work for goals that you reach
not the same day but in months in years
time with the hedonistic lifestyle it's
all about instant gratification so this
is why all the hard drugs this is why
all the drinking this is why you take
risks that you shouldn't take
unnecessary risks putting yourself in
hazardous situations and nothing good
comes out of it you have to have respect
for life and this is something that any
religion usually helps but especially
with with Christianity it is all about
becoming a better person and being good
to other people around you and and it
doesn't mean that you're a perfect
person I think a lot of people come to
these conclusions later on in life
because they realize that this lifestyle
of excesses is really unhealthy and I'm
not a perfect person but it you learn
more and more as you get older that how
important these sacrifices are and how
to be a better person and to share that
with the youth and encourage that and
make it cool for the youth to think like
that
that just gives them a head start in
life absolutely I think that a mile or
innopolis for example is one of the
people that have pretty explained pretty
well and that Catholics they they are
sinners they are far from perfect people
but they are aware that sinning is
natural is human you can't always be
perfect but you always have to try to
improve so so there's absolutely this
this drive to be a better person and
accept that you can't always be perfect
that is how life is and that's how the
human nature is but you cannot give up
and start lowering your expectations
lowering your your demands on yourself
you have to always try for for
self-improvement your cool stickers here
yeah
I mean the thing is in New York we we
try to do two I have a group of friends
that there's a ton of lefty stuff up we
have this sticker sticker war going on
in Brooklyn we try ours get taken down
right away we've got some of like Soros
and all sorts of things things like
Islam and realities the truths on Islam
it's all about showing that you're the
more creative side than the other and
hey we're here
exactly and initially you mentioned the
punk punk punk scene and it's also
another thing that they say these days
that conservatism is is the new
alternative culture the new punk rock or
whatever so I think that this is also
the left has grown weak because they
have been complacent they they are used
to being on top and they aren't he was
used to facing opposition so their idea
if they aren't fresh anymore exact they
were edgy they were fun 3040 years ago
but now it's time for us to show that we
can beat them at this if you want to see
more from me and the rest of the rebel
team like and subscribe
you
