oh no some problems we're just doing a
story just sweating could you listen to
me so it's dangerous at night drinking
whiskey no this time I'm at the Dunn
Avenue park at in the West End of
Toronto as you can see across the street
there's a school to the east there's a
playground where young children play
it's a park at much like any other Park
in the city except come nightfall
a safe injection site that is completely
unlicensed and unregulated we'll set up
on this spot
and while Toronto is a city beholden to
the 3 R's rules regulations and red tape
well when it comes to this unlicensed
injection site the authorities are
turning a blind eye to too drunk to
drink too much police why are the police
coming sir according woman
we're fighting fighting well we've
returned to the done Avenue Park ed and
the lo and behold the tents are being
set up for the so-called safe injection
site by the Toronto overdose prevention
Society let's go take a walk over there
and see what they're all about
we're just wondering we understand that
this is not
sanctioned and son license not regulated
is that correct yes that's great I'm
just wondering is that an issue at all I
mean the fact that people who aren't
being regulated are interacting with
others using hard drugs no it's
wonderful we've had a lot of community
support it's community driven people are
supporting one another for better health
outcomes we have talked to people
off-camera who actually live in the area
and they they have a lot of problems you
know with this site there they're
talking about people getting violent at
nighttime litter issues this sort of
thing are those concerns valid it's hard
to say I don't live in the direct area
but people are here every night that's
why we set up here there's a very clear
need that's why we're here the day that
Doug Ford paused the funding for the
o-p-s the sanctioned o-p-s seven people
died in Parkdale from opioid overdoses
so we're here responding to a need so
you're saying that you're saving lives
here's our then right it just it just
seems sort of weird to us that I mean if
you park your car here after midnight
without a permit you're gonna get
slapped with a $40 ticket if you are a
food vendor with you know without the
right permit you get a 273 dollar fight
and and it just a and here you are
without any kind of official oversight
dealing with hard drugs you know I mean
don't you see there some dichotomy here
no I wouldn't call it a dichotomy I
think laws laws come into place for a
number of different reasons it depends
who the stakeholders are depends who the
power brokers are and we're here for an
ethical and moral reason which I think
Trump's and we're here to save lives
people are dying
we're having a 33 percent year-over-year
opioid death related overdose response
in in this province so certainly no one
wants to see people die but are they're
not established alternatives for this
kind of medical help
unfortunately no they're not currently
meeting the need and that's why we are
here that's why we had a tested and
that's why we're opening up at Parkdale
Queen West community health center okay
and sir can you and can you take me
through what happens somebody would come
here and you know what is the process
from point A to point B somebody comes
here there's a number of things we could
do here generally we provide support we
provide hygiene supplies we provide
safer harm reduction supplies for drug
use and if people want to use injection
drugs they can do so here in a monitored
facility with professional health care
and be professional healthcare providers
and people who are trained in overdose
response and they can do it here safely
yeah can you give me an idea on a
typical night sir how many people you'd
be helping it depends it depends
some nights are slow some nights are
double digits this is all donation based
all volunteer hours absolutely so who
are the people making these donations
and who are the people volunteering
concerned community members people that
work in community health different
medical professionals all sorts of
people people from Parkdale in the
aftermath of this unlicensed unregulated
tent what is the response from the city
well we reached out to Mayor John Tory
couldn't come on camera but his
spokesman Don Pete did issue a statement
in part this is how it reads meritorious
consistently stated that a public park
is not a suitable place for this type of
facility the mayor supports supervised
injection sites and overdose prevention
sites operating in approved locations
because they know they save lives
last month he called on the provincial
government to expediate its review of
these facilities so sites can be opened
as planned
should be no need for a site such as
this in a park and the planned site
could be open soon so a lot of
discussions that would seem folks but
it's kind of perverse don't you think I
mean we're across the street from a
school and down this path is a
playground full of kids on swings and
slides and it's kind of funny to them if
you were to park your car on this street
after midnight without the appropriate
parking permit you're gonna get hit with
a $40 ticket if you're a hot dog vendor
and you didn't have a food licensing
permit you're gonna get slapped with a
273 dollar fine and meanwhile the people
in charge of enacting the law it seems
to me like a lot of paralysis by
analysis perhaps because of political
correctness for the rebel media I'm
David the men's ID Menzies hey folks if
you like the kind of journalism you get
here at the rebel dot media the kind of
journalism you aren't gonna get anywhere
else please like and subscribe
you
