we've revamped a lot of things we
changed the menu we hired some great
stuff and we went to work we were doing
a really great job our revenues were
progressively getting better and better
our reviews were fantastic our guests
were really appreciating what we were
doing our product and service offering
was was really being highly recognized
and awarded as well
however the not only government the NDP
started chiseling away at our balance
sheet by putting in poor terrible
business practices such as increasing
labour carbon taxes increasing our
increasing our or the labor regulations
making it just very difficult for
business owners to just stay in business
and as a result the Bearsden
is closing at the end of this plus so
how many staff will be directly affected
by just this one business closure at the
Berenstain 26 hours and I've read that
telling your staff was probably one of
the hardest things that you've ever had
to do you said it broke your heart I
think that just flies it flies in the
face of this narrative that I see from
the NDP government that you know
business owners are greedy and they're
heartless and you just don't care about
yourself and if you could it when the
opposite is true I think if you could
give more you would you just can't it's
just not sure I would do without to
ensure that my employees can be
successful business owners like myself
we're not fat cats driving Bentley's
where we were we bleed for our
businesses we spend most of our time
there my family comes to visit me the
restaurant so I can see them
you know my my staff are my work family
and to see them have to move on to other
opportunities I'm helping them out to
try to find jobs for them you
it does break my heart and those are the
real victims of the NDP policies that's
an excerpt from my weekly full-length
show the gun show on my show I take on
the issues of the day through my Alberta
conservative lens and I talked to the
real news makers the mainstream media
ignores to get access to my show in all
of our other premium content click the
link on the screen to subscribe today
you
