the CGI fee I don't even want to call it
by its first name anymore it's full name
anymore
it doesn't deserve it it's it's false
advertising to call them for free
expressions they stop standing up for
free speech a long time ago and they
started doing bizarre far-left political
protests instead just last June for
example when we had a day-long
conference in Toronto called rebel live
including as you can see this fella here
professor Jordan Peterson the free
speech advocate
well the CJ if he rented a billboard
truck to protest against our events look
at this to protest against us what
here's the website about it it didn't
really even make sense to me their
headline there see jfe challenges the
rebel with free speech ad campaign
having a free speech event and they were
shouting at us I don't get it
we weren't censoring people we don't
have the power to censor we're not the
government I'm like they're good friends
Justin Trudeau right Kathleen Wynne is
so weird so obscure wasn't it they hired
this guy an anti fuh style extremist as
a staffer named Kevin Metcalf he led
that protest against us Metcalf led a
protest against a comedy club because it
was having a free speech night then
someone vandalized the club gluing its
door lock who's so weird
Metcalf also wrote an article condemning
free speech er professor Peterson and
that Laurier University grad student
Lindsey Shepherd a free speech champion
herself a victim of leftist bullying and
the siege AFA was against them so like
Robert conquest said the simplest way to
explain the behavior of any bureaucratic
organization is to assume that it is
controlled by a cabal of its enemies I
know that's so weird I didn't get it
till this year who wouldn't love to take
over a free speech group well a censor
would I left a censor weird weird weird
but then this week it got super weird
last week the cjf he announced this they
said sign the CJ IV petition asking
Justin Trudeau to stand up for press
freedom by canceling Trump's invitation
into the 2018 g7 summit so a free speech
group was asking Canada's government to
ban someone from coming to a meeting in
Canada political meetings and that's
standing up for press freedom somehow it
makes no sense of course that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levante show no one leaves behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews a day and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
