a criminal scientist pulled German
Muslim ninth-graders and found that
nearly a third of them answered yes when
asked whether they could imagine
fighting for Islam and risking their
lives what were some of the other grim
statistics let's find out so the
criminological Research Institute of
Lower Saxony surveyed Muslim 9th graders
in Lower Saxony Germany and discovered
that not only would nearly a third of
them be willing to die violently for
Islam but over 1/4 of them think Sharia
law is superior to German law and don't
think these are some westernized Muslims
saying oh sure eeeh that sounds pretty
with no idea of what it actually entails
no a quarter of them agreed with this
specific statement the Islamic laws of
Sharia according to which for example
adultery or homosexuality are severely
punished are much better than the German
laws nearly 1/5 also agreed with the
statements it is the duty of every
Muslim to fight unbelievers and spread
Islam around the world and the threat
post Islam by the Western world
justifies Muslims defending themselves
with violence 8% agreed with Isis trying
to create an Islamic state by waging war
and a little under 4% blatantly endorsed
terrorism to further Islam in case you
think this is some activist study by
Islamophobes remember that its results
closely paralleled those found by the
University of Muenster which surveyed
Turkish Germans and found that 73% of
them agreed that books and movies that
attack religion and offend the feelings
of deeply religious people should be
banned by law pew research took a look
at British Muslims and found that a
quarter agreed with suicide bombing with
get this nearly twice as many young
British Muslims supporting the tactic as
older ones when asked whether Arabs
conducted the 9/11 attacks a majority of
Muslims in Britain and a plurality in
Spain and Germany said no and a 2016 ICM
poll showed that over half of British
Muslims wanted to ban homosexuality
Islamism is the cultural cancer in
Germany and Europe and politicians seem
all too eager to multiply the regressive
views migrant rape gangs and terrorist
truck attacks just for a few flattering
headlines it's more important now than
ever that anyone who wishes to challenge
the progressive Orthodox view that all
cultures are equal speaks up
if the far left rules with a small but
vocal minority
surely a vocal majority will be all the
more effective for campus unmasked I'm
Rob Hitchcock if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
