working parents in Toronto are seeing a
nearly 25 percent hike in their daycare
fees all thanks to Kathleen Wynne's
latest minimum wage hike on January 1st
Ontario raised its minimum wage
skyrocketing it to $14 an hour and
because of this the unintended
consequences for the working poor and
middle-class families are starting to
snowball out of control now last week we
heard that some Tim Hortons franchisees
announced they would be cutting
voluntary perks and voluntary paid
breaks that they provide to their staff
to cope with this increase in labor
costs
now that outraged the left who painted
the franchisees as greedy Scrooge's even
though Kathleen Wynne's government had
been repeatedly warned by small business
owners that layoffs and rollbacks of
benefits would absolutely be some of the
consequences of a minimum wage hike
that's right the minimum wage and
entry-level workers that the Ontario
Liberals claimed to be helping out were
the very first people hurt by their
ill-conceived policies and now there's
another unintended consequence Toronto
parents say their daycare costs have
jumped up by 24% this month as a result
of the minimum-wage hike to $14 an hour
and Toronto parents already pay some of
the most expensive daycare fees in the
entire country 1 Toronto family told
Global News they are paying three
hundred and sixty-eight dollars more per
month because of the minimum wage
increased up from 16 hundred and fifty
six dollars a month for two kids to two
thousand twenty four dollars a month and
there are families who can afford this
and there are families who just cannot
by raising the minimum wage the Ontario
Liberals could make it too expensive to
go to work for some family some people
will choose not to work which actually
makes the minimum wage hike even more
expensive for everyone else because
oftentimes these are the same people who
unfortunately end up on social
assistance or some people well they
might have to choose between daycare and
food and what's worse is the
tario government actually knew that this
recent hike in daycare fees would happen
if they hike the minimum wage back in
November Ontario's education ministry
officials announced they would be
providing twelve point seven million
dollars to help licensed childcare
centers and home child care agencies
cover added costs caused by the minimum
wage so while this sort of seems like
foresight what it really is is an
admission by the Ontario government of
something they said would never happen
the Ontario Liberals have repeatedly
said that raising the minimum wage
wouldn't hurt the working poor and that
it certainly wouldn't drive up the cost
of essentials for day-to-day life the
Ontario Liberals have said all along
that employers would just up and absorb
the cost but if that were really the
case if the Liberals really believe that
they wouldn't have created a twelve
point seven million dollar mitigation
fund back in November when Rachel Notley
introduced her carbon tax in Alberta in
2016 Alberta parents particularly those
who use the ymca daycare had the extra
heating and electric city costs pass on
to them that's how it works
so for those of you keeping track at
home thanks to the minimum wage hike in
Ontario the working poor are now losing
their health benefits and have to pay
more for childcare Ronald Reagan really
was right the nine most terrifying words
in the English language remain I'm from
the government and I'm here to help for
the rebel media I'm Sheila Dunn read did
you like that that's my daily video but
there's more where that came from I have
my own weekly show here on the rebel
called the gun show to get access to my
content and the rest of our premium
lineup become a rebel subscriber today
you
