January 9th was law enforcement
Appreciation Day but this auntie fast
Uddin group suggested it should be
renamed law enforcement incineration day
what other incitement to violence and
just really stupid stuff has the group
posted let's find out
right atop their Facebook page
the autonomous student network of the
University of Texas Austin makes no
secret it supports Taksim oh and they're
also uncover noble because I'm sure no
one could exert power over that
toothpick on the right the group's motto
is spread anarchy live communism and it
says that it opposes white supremacy
settler colonialism sis hetero
patriarchy the state capitalism and all
systems of control
I guess the mob mentality of anarchy
doesn't quite cut it while it says it
rejects violent hierarchies the
autonomous student network took time to
celebrate law enforcement Appreciation
Day by tweeting instead of law
enforcement Appreciation Day
how about law enforcement incineration
day and attaching an image of an
unidentified Paris police officer
getting hit by a Molotov cocktail on May
Day last year perhaps violent
hierarchies are no no but violent
communes are just dandy when they're not
sending angsty tweets between soy shakes
ASN engages in super important activism
like burning American flags egging on
the kill fascist Twitter account booing
police officers and coming up with
really profound inspiring chants
I am a friend
this is a group that supports throwing
bricks at cops heads things that's woke
to assassinate the president and comes
up with just really cringey Christmas
carols you're going to find out who's
Nazi and nice when you can't even spell
who's right and isn't Christmas at the
center of the evil capitalist zeitgeist
from demanding transparency while
wearing masks to fighting for peace and
inclusion by engaging in violence and
Tifa as the embodiment of the less to do
as I say not as I do
and end justifies the means mentality
and Tifa and drugs have a lot in common
both seem cool to rebellious idealistic
college kids both damaged your brain and
both will eventually land you in prison
whether it's the black tar or the Black
Flag do yourself a favor and just say no
for campus unmasked I'm Rob shamrock if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
