nova scotia is keeping their ban on
fracking but they've certainly got no
ban on accepting transfer payments built
on fracking revenues from the west a
recently released analysis of Nova
Scotia's natural gas reserves list their
economic potential of between 20 and 60
billion u.s. dollars that's not even in
Canadian pesos that's great news for
jobs and royalty revenue but here's the
kicker upwards of 40 billion u.s.
dollars of that natural gas reserve is
only accessible through fracking and
nova scotia premier Stephen McNeil says
that he will not reverse his
government's ban on fracking past in
2014 saying he doesn't feel like his
province is passing up on any economic
opportunity by doing this that's right
Stephen McNeil is going to leave 40
billion dollars in economic wealth for
his province from 7 trillion cubic feet
of natural gas in the ground because of
an unscientific fear-mongering ban on
hydraulic fracturing that's crazy but
because of how Canada's Confederation is
structured this is pretty easy for Nova
Scotia to do they stand to lose pretty
much nothing because Stephen McNeil
isn't really against fracking and he
certainly isn't against the economic
benefits of fracking he just doesn't
want to be the guy to do it he doesn't
want to have to face down the
anti-science environmentalists and
develop his own natural resources McNeil
will just let someone else do all the
dirty work McNeil can just get a hefty
equalization payment taken from Western
Canada in 2018 2019 the government of
Nova Scotia will receive 3.2 billion
dollars through major transfer payments
Nova Scotia receives thirty three
hundred and thirty nine dollars in
federal transfers per person that's over
double the 1421 dollars in federal
transfers that Alberta receives making
Alberta a net contributor to
Confederation end Nova Scotia a net
taker Nova Scotia would rather take an
equalization payment
from the federal government born of
natural resource revenue from the West
to support their economy rather than
develop their own natural resources get
those high-paying jobs and bring in
royalty revenue to the government for
social programs and I'm not even
exaggerating when I say that
equalization payment is born out of
fracking in the West
according to 2015 data two hundred and
fifteen thousand wells have been
hydraulically fractured in Alberta BC
and Saskatchewan over the last sixty
years and it's of course no hellscape of
destruction out here the nation's food
supply is actually grown overtop of
fracking and no one is dead yet most
people don't even know where and if
fracking is even happening near them but
this anti-fracking wackiness isn't just
limited to canada New York Governor
Andrew Cuomo has set off a chain
reaction with his opposition to natural
gas and fracking a lack of natural gas
pipelines in New York State coupled with
Obama's war on coal has caused home
electricity rates in the Northeast to
average about 19 to 20 cents per
kilowatt hour compared to the national
average of just 12 to 13 cents New York
State sits atop the Marcellus shale
deposit and instead of developing it
like Ohio West Virginia in Pennsylvania
New York State has banned fracking
banning the jobs in the revenue and
driving up natural gas prices for
everyone in the region is o New England
a not-for-profit independent power grid
operator is now warning that during
extremely cold weather natural gas
pipeline constraints will limit the
ability to get access to fuel for
natural gas powered electricity plants
the chickens grown in New York State are
now coming home to roost everywhere else
the pipeline bans and fracking bans in
New York State are going to hurt the
poor making the ability to just be warm
in cold weather either too expensive or
too scarce through man-made shortages in
natural gas but isn't that always the
way progressives love to use the poor as
a political weapon and then they just
hurt them with their bad policies and in
no
Scotia's instance another province or
three can do the heavy lifting while
they abandon forty billion dollars in
revenue for the rebel dot media I'm
Shiela gonna read what you just saw
there was my daily video here on the
rebel but I also have my own weekly
full-length show called the gun show
along with a lot of other amazing
premium content Katie Hopkins has a new
column with us John Cardillo has his own
full-length show now to get access to my
show and all of our amazing premium
content become a rebel subscriber today
