once upon a time she was perhaps the
most hated woman in America but thanks
to a new biopic and assuming not too
much writers license was employed in the
screenplay
the question arises was figure skater
Tonya Harding more victim than criminal
nobody likes a cheater and the idea of a
competitor using violence to get a leg
up on a rival is completely offside
especially if that violence takes place
away from the field to play so it wasn't
surprising that back in 1994 the Tonya
Harding Nancy Kerrigan figure skating
rivalry would make for riveting
television both for the activities that
were taking place off and on the ice
after all this would emerge as figure
skating ultimate catfight and the idea
that Harding would allegedly sanction
goon tactics to literally kneecap one of
her biggest obstacles in winning an
Olympic medal seem to be a story that
belongs more in the fiction section than
in the sports pages we all know how this
kerfuffle ultimately turned out they
disgraced and reviled Harding never
meddled while Kerrigan snagged the
silver Kerrigan would go on to soak in
the limelight for a while including a
guest hosting gig on Saturday Night Live
Harding would go on to literally endure
the school of hard knocks eventually
banned from competitive skating at one
point she turned to boxing to make ends
meet but the movie I Tanya makes us look
at the Harding storyline through a
completely different prism given that it
presents Harding as a victim herself
from day one the deck seems stacked
against Tonya Harding there was her
bitter and abusive mother and a vile
husband who routinely physically abused
Tonya and then there was that cadre of
acquaintances who would make the Three
Stooges look like Mensa Club members and
there was the figure-skating
establishment itself which according to
the biopic anyway judged Harding not on
her impeccable prowess on the ice but on
the fact that she came from the wrong
side of the tracks for her whole life
Tonya Harding always seemed to be
skating uphill
haters always say Tonya tell the truth
there's no such thing as truth everyone
has their own truth I was the best
figure skater in the world at one point
in time
call out a clean skate stop talking to
her that girl is your enemy Jeff was my
first date ever and my mom came today to
see a wholesome American family I don't
have a wholesome American family well
that's every year fault was embarrassed
for you my entire life I've been told
when the mouth to eat
you know what maybe I would
how do I get a fair shot here we also
judge on presentation now there's plenty
of blame to go around when it comes to
the Harding Kerrigan storyline and to
this day Harding maintains she was
always kept in the dark about a physical
attack against Kerrigan regardless if
Harding was the monster even by default
could it be that society itself played
the role of dr. Frankenstein because if
anything I Tania makes for a cautionary
tale regarding those who are only too
willing to join a lynch mob and jump to
conclusions and one can only ponder how
the Tonya Harding story would play out
if it had occurred today I fear that
with the immediacy of social media the
lynching would have been much worse
given how people hiding behind the cloak
of anonymity will condemn someone in the
nanosecond it takes to strike a
character on a keyboard and even though
we live in a day and age of me2 and
times up in terms of abuse against woman
the complicating factor here is that the
Harding Kerrigan saga was perceived as
one woman abusing another even if Tonya
wasn't the one swinging that knee
busting billy club surely she was the
one who's sick to the club wielding goon
on defenseless Nancy regardless the
subtext of the I Tanya film would seem
to be that we the people are partly to
blame for the perverse drama that
unfolded during the 1994 Winter Olympics
without knowing all the facts without
truly listening to Harding side of the
story we collectively took on the
persona of judge jury and executioner
and the court of public opinion Harding
was deemed guilty without a trial and
why not the narrative was irresistible
that of the badass trying to one-up the
latest incarnation of America's
Sweetheart by resorting to dirty tricks
and then to have this Jerry Springer
episode of Olympian proportions climax
with Kerrigan and Harding going head to
head on the same ice surface this was
Shakespeare on ice yet as we
collectively take on the role of
Monday Morning Quarterback was there
also not a heaping helping of hypocrisy
at play here too as much as we're
supposed to be a gas by hearting this
ice rink soap opera translated into
ratings gold for CBS that woman's figure
skating final in Lillehammer had all the
overtones of the main event at
WrestleMania people who had never laced
on a pair of skates were glued to the TV
in the hopes of seeing Kerrigan trounce
Harding put another way
what's Batman without the Joker but if
anything almost a quarter century later
I Tanya forces us to ask a question
namely who in fact was the real villain
behind skate gate and maybe part of that
answer involves looking in the mirror
the next time we rush to judgment for
the rebel dog media I'm David the men's
I'd menzies like what you just saw then
please consider becoming a premium
subscriber and never miss another rebel
video
you
