I think he just cashed in big time he
gained the Olympics this is a
totalitarian state that does atrocious
things to its own people kim jongmin
just had a year in which the last year
let's see he and his own brother was
assassinated with VX nerve agent in a
malaysian airport he's carried out the
last he carried out within the past two
years three three of the six nuclear
tests that North Korea has conducted
it's just four months ago
that North Korea tested what it
advertised was a hydrogen bomb yeah more
powerful even than the atom bomb quite
plausibly they did and now he what sort
of was this whole turnabout he gave a
speech for New Year's Day and which he
exhorted his countrymen to mass produced
nuclear warheads yeah it wasn't really a
friendly speech and then he said oh but
he did wish well for the Olympics which
are about to take place next month in
South Korea and would be willing to send
a delegation to health and South Korea
instead of saying are you kidding you're
a totalitarian murderous state which has
been threatening us with nuclear strikes
and threatening our strongest ally the
United States with nuclear strikes and
testing intercontinental ballistic
missiles and launching missiles over
Japan Phyllis goes on and on and PS the
deadline for registering for the
Olympics is past it passed while Kim was
busy celebrating all this but the South
Korea went rushing in and said oh yes
please come to the Olympics I don't
think that that's a victory for America
or South Korea that's a victory for
North Korea that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the esra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
