this has already been such a rich year
for absurd stories I had no idea which
outlandish or apocalyptic statement
could separate itself however someone
did step forward to take that prize and
that is America's golden girl Chelsea
Clinton and her public tweets with the
Church of Satan
I've been Davey this is pure Hollywood
all the worrisome connections and
entities that the Clintons are involved
with including top advisor Huma Apple
Dean's direct family connections to the
Muslim Brotherhood and Muslim Citroen
and the Clinton Foundation now going
under investigation again that'll
undoubtedly uncover more great
connections this little conversation has
to be my favorite so let's get to the
bottom of this apparently some Twitter
trolls throughout some odd accusations
to Chrissy Teigen who I think is
hilarious
but I need fear not because Chelsea
Clinton came to the rescue
Chelsea Clinton said quote in 2017 at
Church of Satan and I were putting a few
threads together what a time to be alive
Chrissy the Church of Satan was then
happy to hear from their old friends
saying quote the neverending excitement
here is never ending unclothed
Chelsea Clinton had said quote it's been
a long time Happy New Year and go the
churches say and then responded to their
old pal saying same to you here's to
2018 unquote but no she didn't stop
there what many people were like uh what
is going on here Chelsea didn't
responded with this well-thought-out gem
saying quote oh goodness gracious can we
be civil
cheerful respectful and to friends with
people who don't share our religious
beliefs sometimes we even marry them I'm
a Methodist and my husband's Jewish
thank you for asking I'm very happy new
year do you Rhonda I thought it couldn't
get any better than her saying we need
to treat all religions the same even the
church is saying just like me as a
Methodist loving Jewish person Thank You
pain the church is a good Jewish person
but wait just when I thought I couldn't
get any more ridiculous a response to a
question about health care coverage for
religious organizations such as the
Church of Satan Chelsea said quotes hi
carmine all Americans regardless of
religious beliefs should get the health
care they need if you live in New York
California in a few other states there's
still time to catch tag get covered for
2018 more info here and a link to
Obamacare though I find this somewhat
hilarious this also speaks to how
completely out of touch the Clintons and
other people are around them many people
feel like the Clintons are out of touch
untrustworthy mischievious and tweeting
in a conversation with the Church of
Satan would be ill-advised to say the
least
now obviously chills he was joking those
tweets but then as you get down at
further the conversation
it really gets all hot
in lies the narrative being pushed by
the Democratic Party in general
diversity is our strength because other
beliefs and cultures are all equal even
better in some cases religions are not
really different and we can all learn
things from other religions like Wahhabi
isn't in the Church of Satan these
diverse religions are is morally
beneficial to our society as
Christianity or Judaism and if that
sounds ridiculous just read this article
that vice posted last year quote is
Satanism for me possibly let's find out
together
unquote CNN even posted an article
saying that Christians and Jews worship
the same God as Muslims hey maybe I'm
looking too far into this maybe she was
just joking the entire time and it just
suspiciously fell in line with the
democratic party line pledge and maybe
Chelsea Clinton is playing for DHS
trying to destroy the Church of Satan
hoping they sign up for Obamacare and be
subject to the deductibles that have
gone up 25 percent in the past year I'm
Finn Davies this is fear Hollywood all
right if you like this video and others
like it please consider becoming a
premium member to the rebel that way
you'll have first access to pure
Hollywood and the entire rebel lineup
