liberal judicial activism puts Americans
at risk and makes me think maybe
liberals are right maybe we should be
more like Europe or left Bill Clinton
appointee Federal Judge William alsa US
District Judge in of course and
Fransisco ruled against the Trump
administration rescinding daca deferred
action for childhood arrivals now you
know doc are the dreamers oh they're
dreamers they're just here for a better
life the judge said that daca has to
stay in place although he did say that
if you are a dreamer who has not
received doctor protections you won't be
allowed to apply now these are dreamers
right it's a little toddler is being
dragged across the desert by their
parents little toddlers
little children who doesn't love little
children who's not compassionate who's
not sympathetic toward a crying little
child coming to America that shining
light on the hill that beacon of light
for a better life only they're not
little children a crime data from the
department homeland security
immigrations and Customs Enforcement US
citizenship Immigration Services well
that tells us a very different story but
let's run through it
here's a Washington Examiner story from
back on August 29 2017 just before from
decided to rescind daca be the catalyst
for what this lawsuit has now blocked
well couple of studies were done now
understand something that that
there are about 800,000
daca recipients or applicants here in
the United States 800,000 now I firmly
believe that daca
an advocacy of other forms of illegal
immigration have one purpose and that's
to turn the United States irreversibly
blue but the farthest left blue
imaginable socialist Democrat Bernie
Sanders Tom Perez you know far left
keith Ellison by the Democratic Party
and and specifically in Texas and
Florida were many daca recipients Ethel
they're in California as well the
California's is ready solidly blow Texas
and Florida red and and that is the
primary goal of liberals has returned
Texas in Florida blue I see it in
Florida being immersed in politics here
and nationally living here I see it
every day but 800,000 mostly Latin
American young adults now this piece
from the Washington Examiner idled feds
the federal government 30% surgeon
illegals losing dock of freedom for
crimes and gang violence 30% increase in
daca recipients and applicants losing
their protection or crime and gang
violence we're gonna go through the
numbers now US Citizenship and
Immigration Services said that in 2017
but now this remember with some August
of 2017 so the numbers probably greater
as we sit here in early 2018 at 622 had
their deferred action status pulled heat
of criminal activity let's look at the
numbers going back to 2013 the numbers
of revocations and terminations of daca
protections for those engaged in
criminal activity
in 2013 there were 56 in 2014 there 153
in 2015 there were 460 in 2016 there
were 848 for a total of 2000 139 daca
protectees losing their protection that
probably are potentially being deported
for committing crimes and I'm gonna get
into those crimes it's not shoplifting
okay there's some pretty serious crimes
I'm gonna learn how bad the Obama
administration the Obama administration
policies were on this now according to
US Citizenship and Immigration Services
he owe the deferred action terminations
were due we're gonna get into the crimes
now and that now you're really going to
get angry the deferred action
terminations were due to one or more of
the following ready a felony criminal
conviction dreamers here they're just
rumors they want to be rocket scientists
Mountains and lawyers and doctors and
nurses are dreamers a significant
misdemeanor and we live in a nation
where we plea most of our cases so
felonies are often played the
misdemeanors if we didn't do that our
court system would grind to a halt it
just did or it simply too many cases in
the system take everyone to trial so you
have to plea out so a significant
misdemeanor I'll tell you from my
experience in law enforcement many many
of those started as felony arrests
multiple misdemeanor convictions a
predicate felons repeat offenders Reimer
just dreamers that critic crimes they're
better than Americans get rid of the
Americans bring in the dreamers they
want to make this country so much better
by committing felonies significant
misdemeanors multiple misdemeanors gang
affiliations ms-13 they're dreamers
those tattoos on their face ignore all
nor all that ignore the fact they murder
for the cartels that one of their
preferred tactics is stringing up their
rival cartel sicarios hitmen while
they're alive and and cutting off their
genitals with dull knives and then
decapitating them and hanging their
bodies from bridges and all that they're
dreamers that they don't forget all that
your dreamers they want to be here for a
better life oh that's nonsense just
that's all noise forget what they did
over there
or the arrests of any crime in which
there is deemed to be a public safety
concern nonsense pretty ominous right
now most Dhaka terminations were based
on the following infractions these are
not ranked at any particular order
Elian smuggling human trafficking okay
that's human trafficking it's called a
coyote when you smuggle in illegal they
call them
dreamy he dream who doesn't dream to be
a human trafficker smuggling people in a
stifling van probably packed into the
wheel wells across the desert I mean who
doesn't have that dream as a child
assaultive offenses
who doesn't dream of beating people
domestic violence
what young man doesn't grow up dreaming
of meeting the woman of his dreams and
then beating her into submission I mean
these are just dreamers right
raagh offenses mean who doesn't want to
be a cartel lieutenant
mother lien cocaine in the United States
is part of the American dream right so
we're bringing over bring him into our
country wholesale eight hundred thousand
duis I mean why wouldn't we want illegal
aliens without car insurance driving
drunk killing Americans what kind of
oppressive racist xenophobes are we
horrible Americans aren't we larceny and
thefts I mean why wouldn't we want to be
ripped off by executing Guatemalans
illegals I I don't understand that I I
guess I am I don't understand your
racism and your xenophobia
why shouldn't you let them heal from you
criminal trespass and burglary why
should your house be your house we
liberals don't want us to have a border
why should your fence your front door
mean anything
Sexual Offences with miners yep the
dreamers are pedophiles thanks Obama
other sex offenses and weapon offenses
like there's so many but your numerous
so we just going to have rape and gun
charges and either this is what they
call dreamers
now here's the really scary part this is
uh another this is all from a woman
Jessica Vaughn who's director of policy
studies the washington-based Center for
him a DC based Center for Immigration
Studies she says quote it couldn't have
no I've spoken about the problems with
vetting people outside of the United
States right I talk about the United
States and Canada being very modern
relatively rich very rich actually
Western nations and we have very big
data and our governments have the
ability to to have digital footprints
and fingerprints of all of us and when
we go to buy a home or we want to go to
be compliant with maybe a federal law
enforcement agency or a intelligence
agency or contractor working with those
we can be very thoroughly background
check that's not so
south of the border remember these eight
hundred thousand dreamers are
predominantly Latin American I worked in
that world for a very long time I travel
down there I poke down there and look
infrastructure with their law
enforcement agencies their data is
woefully inadequate it's a dead maybe
two tick better than it is in the Middle
East which is why I was so vocal about
its not being able to vet Middle Eastern
refugees but let's talk about this so
miss Vaughn from the Center for
Immigration Studies says quote it
confirms that daca screening process
that the daca screening process was
woefully inadequate the eligibility bar
was set very low and this infuriated
explicitly allowing people with multiple
misdemeanor and certain felony
convictions to be approved but they
didn't commit these crimes when they got
here many of them had already been
committing these crimes the Obama
administration knew about it and still
let them in and now a federal judge is
saying that's okay that's not okay
that's very problematic unreal only a
handful of the applicants were ever
interviewed and only rarely was the
information on the application ever
verified so they could have said we
committed no crimes and been one of
those cartels sicarios hitmen from down
in uh
badad Juarez and very dangerous people
will let into this country under the
guise of being dreamers toddlers flying
little babies coming across the desert
well the data tells a different story
because Jessica Vaughn goes on to say
this statistic undercuts the image of
daca that has been spread by the pro
illegal alien groups in the new
Media at the docker recipients of mostly
college kids this is not true we don't
know much about the population or the
few credible studies that has been done
by a scholar at ready for this Harvard
University even Harvard University had
to admit the uncomfortable truths found
that most are more than most first it
those toddlers babies those little
babies ready
most are over 22 years old and only
about 20% graduated from or even
attended a four-year college oh are you
gonna be a rocket scientist or a lawyer
or a physician where the Nobel Peace
Prize winner who has a week in the
presidency how you going to do that
without a degree
a significant share never went beyond
high school yeah via rocket science only
graduated high school right there the
whole dreamer narrative or is it
well this isn't really all that
surprising it's over 72% come from a
family at or below the poverty level
gonna get back to that in a second but a
little earlier this year it was a
massive crackdown on gangs you remember
seeing this FBI was doing mass raids
well dreamers were arrested alongside
ms-13 and all kinds of other gangs
but going back to what I just read you
makes me think that maybe liberals are
right about you know liberals always
tell us we should be more like Europe
more like you're the United States is so
crude and uncivilized ecology we should
be more like Europe and I always said I
love my nation I don't want to be like
Europe then I thought well I read this
72 percent of dreamers come from a
family at or below the poverty level and
our accent are accessing some kind of
public assistance here in the United
States well I said you know what a
little research I found something that's
making me reverse my position and say
that the Liberals are right on Cardillo
Senate we should be more like Europe
specifically Switzerland because
Switzerland is now rejecting citizenship
or any migrants who have ever been on
welfare and if you even want to apply
for citizenship and you've been on
welfare in the past three years you have
to pay back every penny to the
government
it used to be that you could then as
long as you weren't on welfare when you
applied for citizenship you could be
granted but no
Meiri the see it's from right part
London a new Civil Rights Act has come
in a force in Switzerland that prevents
residents who have been on welfare in
the past three years from becoming
citizens unless they pay back the money
that received to the state I am all for
the United States becoming more like
Europe if it means that we are going to
make the illegals worth pillaged our
system hey every penny back before we
even consider legalizing them which I do
not think we should do
and I'll tell you this if President
Trump compromises on Daka without
building a wall now I understand
compromise needs to happen in government
I don't want to see him
I don't want doc at all this doctor like
I said it means more votes for Democrats
and it means changing the the political
complexion of Texas and Florida thereby
turning the whole nation blue the
numbers bear that out
but if President Trump has to give a
little on this and he doesn't do it
without draconian vetting and absolute
deportation standards and he doesn't
build a wall I think his base abandoned
them bandhans him and Donald Trump could
very well be a one-term president this
is all really important content and I
love bringing it to you and if you find
it as interesting as I do please
subscribe to our premium service that
www dot media forward slash shows and be
sure to check out my new one hour show
off-the-cuff Declassified where I go
even deeper in all this subject matter
booking on great guests really really
informative guests every day if you are
already to subscribe to our premium
service thank you very very much and
thanks for watching I'll be back with
you tomorrow
