things are looking really bad for whom
Abidine I'm gonna tell you why I think
she's soon gonna be criminally charged
in like every day new information is
surfacing about the way Huma Abedin
handled classified emails well we know
that many many classified emails were
found on her husband's Anthony Weiner's
laptop
well now we're finding out how that
happened and it bodes very very poorly
for Huma it looks like
Huma Abedin didn't simply send these
email who anthony Weiner's laptop
Anthony Weiner now of course a convicted
pedophile
it appears that she proactively
intentionally knowingly remember James
Comey said there was no intent even
though intent wasn't a standard well now
it appears there was intent on the part
of whom a body that she intentionally
plugged the device on which she was
storing the emails into her husband
Anthony Weiner Carlos dangers computer
and transfer the files there is no way
around this for Huma Abedin Huma Abedin
if the FBI and DOJ want to retain a
semblance of credibility they're going
to have to criminally charge whom Abadie
I talked about last week I talked about
this last week this is a case the
evidence is now so overwhelming I'm
gonna read you some comment from tech
experts but the evidence against Huma
and her mishandling are intentional
knowing mishandling of classified
information is now so overwhelming that
a junior prosecutor somebody right out
of law school but present this to a
grand jury and get a true bill but it
that's what it's called when a grand
jury returns an indictment a true bill
they can get that a true bill in minutes
in minutes and and global media ran this
I'm reading from a Daily Mail piece but
it's it's really out there all over the
place they came right out and said Huma
Abedin backed up copies of her emails
with Hillary Clinton to her pervert
pervert husband Anthony Weiner's laptop
conflicting that this is the worst part
this all conflicts with the statements
Kumba made to the FBI now remember
General Mike Flynn and
Papadopoulos they were charged with
processed crimes lying to the FBI well
it appears beyond the shadow of a doubt
beyond a reasonable doubt
with probable cause to arrest and indict
that Huma Abedin lied to federal
investigators that's the least of her
crime it appears she knowingly and
intentionally mishandled classified
information and transferred it onto her
husband's personal laptop so that bet
that's a crime in and of itself a miss
could inflicts I'll read you from the
story this couldn't flex with her
account to the FBI and in court that she
did not preserve the conversation so
federal investigators that was in court
under oath saying I never backed up any
classified emails while now forensic
investigators have found on weiners
laptop home his emails and they've also
been able to determine that those emails
got on to the laptop via a hardwired
transfer between devices and that's more
damning why well Huma could have pled
ignorant to downplay the charges if say
she was sending those files to Hillary
Clinton and her husband might have been
next to Hillary Clinton in her address
book and she inadvertently selected him
as a CC on the email she could have been
sending another file to her husband that
was on her computer next to those
classified files shouldn't have been
there but in terms of the transfer of
information and Huma lying to
investigators
she's debunked for this reason it could
have been where Huma sent an email to
her husband about their children but she
and advertently clicked the wrong file
and transfer those classified emails but
Huma connecting the devices physically
making a physical hardwire connection
with the devices and transferring that
data and apparently only that data
completely obliterates any of those
potential legal arguments by her defense
team that this was an invert an
attachment on an email or that he was
mistakenly added to the to an email
chain with someone authorized received
that information can't argue that any
now a tech expert the Daily Mail
interviewed basically said what I am
just explaining you that Aberdeen would
have had to have activated the backup
program and may well have plugged her
device into the laptop raising further
questions over her testimony to the FBI
in other words she had to proactively
intentionally and knowingly activate
this backup this wasn't a mistake but
why is this so bad for Huma and why is
this potentially even worse or Hillary
and these were all by the way these were
all uploaded and backed up from a
blackberry backup app and and the FBI
discovered them when they did a forensic
exam on weiners laptop after they were
looking at him for inappropriately
sexually chatting with a
fifteen-year-old girl
often times while his little child was
laying next and what a terrible guy is
going to jail for two years should have
been 20 but that's a whole nother show
or gonna give in to that and enough why
is this bad for Hillary well Anthony
Weiner is going to prison for two years
now Huma Abedin has a young child she's
gonna have to make a choice when DOJ and
the FBI come knocking again we know the
investigations reopened so they're
already knocking does she protect
Hillary Clinton whose career is now done
Hillary who only has money and a lot of
money to offer Huma does she protect
Hillary Clinton for a payday and allow
her son to go live with relatives or in
a foster care mystery she has family but
the child can live with relatives or
friends or go into foster care which
somebody is affluent is whom it doesn't
happen to them
even so if the child is living with
relatives do you not see your child for
potentially many years and have your
child your young impressionable child
come visit you in federal prison to
protect Hillary Clinton or do you say to
federal investigators you've got me
I screwed up I've got Hillary I've got
Cheryl Mills
I've got bill I've got Loretta Lynch
I've got stroke I've got Comey I've got
McCabe I mean I'm wishfully thinking
here but do you cut that deal you say
I've got Hillary Clinton everybody
around her I know all about the
collusion between the Hillary campaign
fusion GPS the FBI the DOJ I know about
Loretta Lynch Bill Clinton private jet
meeting hey FBI I've got a treasure
trove for you far more valuable to you
FBI far more valuable to you DOJ then me
putting a few files on my husband's
laptop that you have that were in
transferred to anyone else are you gonna
go easy on me can we cut this deal and
I'll bury everybody for you I just want
protection for me and my family now a
normal person would probably do the
latter normal person would not sacrifice
their life with their child for Hillary
Clinton but whom Abidine doesn't appear
to be a normal person this is a person
who has been at Hillary's beck and call
for 20-some odd years and universally
Hillary Clinton is regarded as a terror
to work for her Diplomatic Security
Service detail despised her I know a few
guys that were on a Madeleine Albright's
detail who then trained many of the
people on Hillary's detail that DSS
Diplomatic Security Service is really
just a State Department's version of the
Secret Service they provide security to
the Secretary of State and visiting
dignitaries whereas the Secret Service
provides it to the president the first
family and a few other executive level
officials essentially the same mission
same training just different agencies
different name and the the agents from
what my law enforcement sources tell me
the agents on Hillary's detail just
simply despised her that's been backed
up by people like Dan Mangino former
Secret Service agent who worked for the
Clintons there's a famous photo of Dan
bond you know standing behind Hillary
cleanest match in New York Oh 15 or so
years ago and Dan has been very vocal on
air about agents disliking Hillary
Clinton she's been very
her staff for years especially the
agents so I don't expect she'll get any
cover but but back to the point Hillary
has not been an easy person and be
around or work for yet Huma Abedin has
existed with her firm apparently over 20
years so I don't expect Huma Abedin to
do what a normal parent would do and
choose their child over Hillary although
I'm I'm cautiously optimistic but one
thing one thing I'm certain I could be
wrong but I'm usually not when it comes
to the analysis of criminal
investigations and I'll reiterate
something I said earlier if the FBI and
DOJ want to retain a semblance of
credibility and they want to start to
repair this this erosion this crisis of
confidence this erosion of public trust
they brought upon themselves in light of
this new evidence they are going to have
to criminally charge Huma Abedin very
very quickly
if you like this content and it's very
interesting and I want to keep bringing
it to you please subscribe to a premium
service at www.mediaed.org ARDS to the
FBI especially those stroked page text
messages on my new one-hour show off the
cuff Declassified right here on the
revel thank you so much for watching
check out my new show I'll be back with
you tomorrow
