I'm not one for banning things but could
we please enact a ban on cities that are
banning plastic bags so Montreal is the
latest municipality to ban plastic bags
an edict that went into effect on
January 1st happy new year shoppers good
to see that the nanny state is
protecting you by making your lives
increasingly miserable granted retail
store owners will have a grace period to
adjust to the new bylaw during this
period ever so helpful city officials
will meet with retailers and give them
guidance so that they don't run afoul of
doing the right thing but as of June 5th
which is world environmental Day don't
you know the kid gloves are off Montreal
retailers will be subjected to penalties
if they continue to hand out those
despicable bags rendered from plastic
merci beaucoup City Hall now the
extensible policy reason for the plastic
bag ban is the woeful recycling rate for
example Quebecers used 2 billion plastic
bags a year and the recycling rate is
just 14% if that's truly the case and
maybe some more efforts should go into
improving the recycling of plastic bags
as opposed to banning the things
outright yet here's the real strategic
flaw in a plastic bag ban from an
environmental perspective just maybe the
recycling rate is so low because people
are reusing plastic bags as opposed to
tossing them in the trash can and in the
hierarchy of the 3 R's reuse Trump's
recycling from an environmental
perspective every single time indeed
check out this rarified specimen from
yesteryear a plastic bag from the liquor
corruption bureaucracy of Ontario now
about a decade ago the LCBO decided it
needed some good PR so in a blink case
of environmental virtue signaling the
government run liquor monopoly imposed a
ban on plastic bags at its store
even though it didn't have to do so but
an LCBO plastic bag is or was a thing of
beauty it's constructed of thick plastic
which means it not only safely cradles
your bottle of hooch but that it stands
the test of time and that a consumer can
reuse such bags many times over well
these days the LCBO dispenses el cheapo
paper bags that compare before your
keister is even out the door
look at that thing you really want to
put a bottle of high-end scotch in such
a flimsy paper bag oh and by the way in
the department of the fixes in you can
still get technically a plastic bag of
the LCBO like those reusable ones made
of thick plastic but officially it's a
reusable bag even though everyone I know
reuse the old LCBO plastic bag so
plastic is still being embraced it's
just that unlike the plastic bags of
yesteryear that we're free those ones at
the LCBO are gonna cost you a buck or
two cut ching meanwhile other retailers
that haven't be mandated by the state to
forgo plastic bags are also going to
virtue signalling route by rolling out
slimmed down plastic bags look at this
abomination from Walmart I mean it's
about as thin as onion skin what's the
point indeed if you're transporting
something heavy you'll need to double or
even triple bag the merchandise so so
much for the weight reduction strategy
but now the likes of munch we all are
taking choice away entirely funny how
our elected officials always seem to
know what's best for us
even when they don't for the rebel dot
media I'm David the men's Lloyd Menzies
like what you just saw then become a
Premium Member and never miss another
rebel video
you
