free movie to be considered a classic is
no small task but I believe David
Fincher's 1999 movie Fight Club is one
of these while also giving us a unique
insight into the great meme war of 2016
oh I can't wait to talk about it but
first to become a classic a few things
must happen it must be unique it must
have great performances and must be well
directed however what is often
overlooked is that the themes must be
universal they must be timeless they
must be relatable otherwise you get
these ridiculous decade pieces that will
not hold up when we re watch them much
like the last Jedi when people look back
and be like third wave feminism
patriarchy were a thing boring I'm Ben
Davies this is pure Hollywood
my club was released in 1999 by David
Fincher the production budget was 63
million and grossed under 40 million
dollars domestically but around 100
million dollars worldwide and it must be
said that for a film to stand out in
this year in 1999 is incredible with
movies like American Beauty Green Mile
Iron Giant The Matrix Sixth Sense Austin
Powers American Pie Blair Witch Project
The Mummy Eyes Wide Shut
all of these diverse genres releasing
iconic films in the same year and there
is a reason Fight Club has seen as the
top movie released in 1999 Rayder calm
says this as well as having the most
votes on IMDB for a 1999 movie so let's
revisit the two-hour masterpiece of
mayhem that is Fight Club beer review is
a four out of five I can't imagine
walking into this movie in 1999 not
knowing what the movies about with like
your mom or something the performances
are unique and wonderful it's fast paced
brilliantly shot and entertaining to
watch from start to finish I mean you
literally laughing around on the edge of
your seat the entire time not knowing
fully what's going on because they do a
lot of showing the audience and not
telling it forces you to pay attention
and be on the edge of your seat the
entire time and it's great viewer movie
to watch critic review I'm gonna give
this movie a 5 out of 5 speaking of
showing not telling David Fincher does a
great job of this with a few unique
techniques he uses a technique called
breaking the fourth wall which is what
I'm doing to you right now I'm talking
directly to you in this movie it talks
directly to the audience in some places
which is fast and brings you out the
narrative while also putting subliminal
messaging in the movie as well you get
to see Brad Pitt spliced in and random
scenes with Edward Norton's character
start to crack in his own psyche the
technique is phenomenal but let's get
into one thing that I think really
stands out from this movie that no one I
saw had done this before and this is the
way David shoots in transitions using
slow-motion specifically and these
techniques are not used to distract from
the lack of story or character
development they're used to hone in and
magnify them David is trying to show you
how the mind works the opening scene
shows serotonin synapses and nerves or
neurons firing the brain because so much
this movie is taking place inside of his
head and brings you directly out of it
once he's dropped that little seed in
the mind of the audience he then shows
you in the opening scene that this is
gonna be a flashback of memories and the
transitions are wild in the movie like
panning going over there
they're slowed it's it's crazy because
when we think when you're thinking your
own memory they're not clear-cut fade in
and fade out moments right it's blurred
blended together things splice in
characters pop up right in front of you
things just happen because he's showing
you the mind of the person that just the
story is being told through it is
absolutely fascinating and now let's get
into why I think this movie holds up and
will hold up and how it also applies to
the create meme Wars of 2016 and what it
says about the slut in majority and the
facts of humanity my faith in value is
going to give it a zero out of five it's
not very uh not very many values or
religious point you can pull out its
movie but I'm gonna talk politically for
a minute and give it a 4 out of 5 now
obviously there are many examples in
this film speaking out against the
consumer culture which gets gonna play
with capitalism and how we're all forced
to walk or believe a certain thing all
that kind of stuff it's the most obvious
with the bookends of the movie the
beginning scene opening up with them
about to blow up the credit card company
buildings and ending kind of in that
same place however we already
acknowledged this movie is so much
subliminal messaging and what is on the
surface is not necessarily true when you
get down to the real Genesis the problem
that they're speaking out against where
it's being shown as the real root
problem for these men in the movie and
it's important that they do show men in
the movie because it's a men's group
Fight Club basically but really it is a
silent majority a massive group of
people that feel like they cannot act or
speak out the way that they feel
necessary in fact those messages of
capitalism being evil that most people
point to is when the movie starts to
fall apart when mayhem ensues this is a
bad repercussion of the real problem
that happens people don't feel better in
the movie the therapy sessions they
start and they turn into Fight Club
these people aren't heal are at peace
they can sleep filing because if I'm
speaking out or doing sit against
capitalism no it was finally finding the
root problem to their unhappiness in
their own rest which is controlling
human nature itself and the genesis of
this is actually a very freedom very
capitalist free-market kind of world
that you'd want to be in everything is
more impressive a system of government
people that actually literally
physically have a power over you telling
you what jobs you can take how much you
should make and what you can say or a
free market place where you can just buy
whatever you want
that's it no one is forcing you to buy
the iPhone you want to buy the iPhone
because it's awesome and fun it's the
best technology of the market right now
you're not being taken at gunpoint and
forced to buy it that is still freedom
there's a lot of quotes in the movie
when Brad Pitt is talking about it's not
about the material things we're not the
money in our wallets
people still feel like this is what the
movies really speaking out against well
it's another issue that Brad Pitt brings
up the movie when they start forming the
Fight Club he specifically says you are
not perfect you're not some special
little snowflake that deserves anything
this mentality of us deserving something
has been a plague I'm sorry society once
you accept you don't deserve anything
you are free let me give you a kind of
timeline of how this leads us up to this
past couple years people being told in
like the 60s and 70s that you deserve
this you have every right to be this
you're not special follow your heart
you're gonna get what you deserve
rolling these movie stars in famous
millionaires and then they didn't they
become very bitter and going to
universities or have kids and they tell
their students and/or their kids that
the reason they didn't succeed is
because of outside forces the people
that did better than you that made more
money that made these great inventions
they didn't get there because they did
better because we're all special we're
all equal we all deserve this no they
did because of oppressive capitalist
system so we need to break the system
and you need to be like this
and you can just see the animosity and
where we got to today which is also the
system that these men start in the
beginning in the movie the real disease
the real genesis of the unhappiness the
insomnia the people that feel like
they're walking in circles that need to
go to these therapy sessions the reason
that Fight Club works because society is
demeaning human nature specifically in
this case masculinity I'm talking about
a human history of behavior wanting to
be the hunter the provider working
fighting competing and this distinctive
drive and mentality that are inside
people is now being demonized as toxic
masculinity demonize and say these
gender roles and these desires mean
nothing and it's all patriarchy bi
transgender pansexual go-gurt tubes that
are peer reviewed from universities
across the country is literally trying
to control human nature that is the
problem that's why the real release the
real healing that happens in the movie
when Fight Club originally forms is
because you go back to these primal
instincts these things that you want to
just release to compete to fight to be
messy to be a guy and you see this in
society today people trying to control
people into being very
beta and then drugging tons of young
boys because they can't sit still as
long as their female counterparts saying
that oh this is Robin if you have to get
up move around and play more than the
other students also that any type of
rough house play is a horrible form of
patriarchy and a terrible effect of
toxic masculinity no and this is always
done through government social programs
and things that they deem are not
socially acceptable anymore and this is
what leads us to the great meme war of
2016 that helps get Donald Trump elected
it was this group this massive group the
people that wash your clothes wash your
car clean the streets this this
invisible majority of people that all
feel this that all think the same way
having a place to come together like the
underground movement that was Fight Club
in the movie the internet opened up this
world for people to meet together with
common ideas and you don't even know the
person's name it's just like hey I feel
like this this is crazy
Trump smashing this political correct
culture and I want to be a part of that
because I know this is oppressive and I
can't be who I want to be I'm upset
about it it is such a prime example of
what happened on the masses during these
past couple years
it was a Fight Club of underground
internet meme or people saying no you
can't control human nature there are
rules there aren't boundaries so we can
live in a society but when you deny
human nature itself that men can be
women and men should not act a certain
way or people should not be free to say
what they want have these opinions there
is going to be a welling up resistance
underneath that's why I think this movie
holds up everyone gets tired of people
telling them what they should do how
they should think the government or
political society at large trying to
control their little world the problem
is their opinions do not change human
nature or biology there were always big
governments and social justice warriors
trying to control human nature only to
find out the zombies they wish to create
are still talking gathering making
movies all to create mayhem in their own
perfect little world then Davis is pure
olive all right if you like this video
and others like it please consider
becoming a premium member to the rebel
that way you'll have first access to
pure Hollywood and the entire rebel
lineup
you
