we're gonna be talking about the war of
words between Steve Bannon and President
Donald Trump I'm gonna tell you what
else and who else is that play here well
by now you've seen it the whole world
has it broke in The Guardian over in the
UK Eve Bannon unleashed on President
Trump his son-in-law Jared Kushner his
son Donald Trump jr. in an interview
arts of which Bannon and others are
claiming they thought was off the record
with a far left writer named Michael
Wolfe who was given access to the White
House to write a book entitled fire and
fury Annan called the administration's
behavior during the campaign treasonous
and that's simply nonsense he was
talking about the meeting at Trump Tower
with a Russian lawyer that's long been
debunked Donald Trump jr. has spent
something like 23 hours testifying
before congressional committees and
nothing wrong was done a meeting is
perfectly legal Madden also went on to
say things like they're going to here's
a quote they're going to crack down jr.
like an egg on national TV well that's
also false again Don jr. spent 23 hours
testifying before Congress it's not
illegal to take a meeting not illegal to
take a meeting with a Russian lawyer
there were others some other factually
incorrect comments in here Bannon was
alleged to have said to wolf that
meetings with the Russian government
were improper and the FBI should have
been called but the Russian government
is not who they met what they met with a
private sector attorney it was later
discovered was it appears that she was
sent there by fusion GPS was being paid
by the Hillary campaign the banning
statements appear to be not only
misguided but factually incorrect well
president Trump wasted no time firing
back it was shots fired I'm sure I'm
sure you saw his statement by now
president said quote Eve Bannon has
nothing to do with me or my presidency
when he was fired he not only lost his
job he lost his mind
president Trump went on to say and
talking about banning Eve had a quote
Steve had everything to do with the loss
of a Senate seat in Alabama held for
more than 30 years by Republicans of
course talking about Republican Roy
Moore's law Doug Jones in deep deep red
Alabama
president also took a shot at banning
for leaking quote Steve pretends to be
at war with the media which he calls the
opposition party yet he spent his time
at the White House leaking false
information to the media to make himself
seem far more important than he was and
the president ended with quote only
talking about Steve Bannon only pretends
to have had influence to fool a few
people with no access and no clue whom
he helped write phony books now that
last part was confirmed to me by people
very close to the president they said
Bannon only created the illusion of
having access and influence once he left
the White House but it was all nonsense
it wasn't true they went on to say that
this now debunks all that this shows
bannon's true colors and the paraphrase
what I was told that they were only that
that Steve Bannon was out for Steve
Bannon not the best interests of the
Trump presidency and not the best
interests of America but it wasn't only
donald trump who attacks leave Bannon
Donald Trump jr. wrote a scathing tweet
from jr. said quote Steve had the honor
of working in the White House and
serving the country unfortunately he
squandered that privilege and turned
that opportunity into a nightmare of
backstabbing harassing leaking lying and
undermining the president Eve is not a
strategist he's an opportunist
now I found bad-uns comments
reprehensible because when you worked in
the White House when you work in any
sensitive position loyalty and
confidence should be paramount now I'm
not saying that if you work for an
administration and that administration
did something improper or illegal and
you're called by Congress or oversight
or you're called by federal
investigators you shouldn't be
forthcoming
you absolutely should because that's
also part of your job that's part of the
oath you take when you're sworn in to
the job to uphold protect and defend the
laws of the United States and the
Constitution but this wasn't that these
were rageful comments apparently right
after Bannon was fired from the White
House to a far left journalist and that
should be off-limits
he's just it shouldn't even be in your
frame of reference to do that so to me
ban him really really screwed up and I
have no use for Steve Bannon because all
he's done is emboldened Robert Muller's
discredited investigation from pat very
big wins tax reform and as
back over 7000 for the first time in
history I don't know if you saw this but
the doj rod Rosenstein and Department of
Justice agreed to turn over who Devon
unions in the House Intelligence
Committee after meeting with Nunez and
speaker Paul Ryan all information
pertaining to the FBI's mishandling of
the Hillary Clinton email case and all
other potentially mishandled matters
Donald Trump's approval numbers were
going up and right on the heels of all
that this drops that's not coincidence
so I said yesterday I was saying it on
air and I was talking about it on
Twitter why didn't Steve ban and deny it
if you didn't say these things why not
deny them and and my speculation at the
time was well there must be tapes
Michael wolf the author must have had
tapes of a van and saying the things
wolf claimed Steve Bannon said well
today Axios
broke a story they call it a scoop boat
the scoop wolf taped interviews with
Bannen top officials now what's even
more troubling or two people that I have
long said I never trusted they were
never Trump there were never friends of
the administration they were
establishment hacks former Republican
National Committee Chairman Reince
Priebus and his deputy Katie Walsh and
when writes Priebus went into the White
House as chief of staff he brought Katie
Walsh in as an assistant he held an
assistant to the president title deputy
chief of staff title they were leaking
like cheap boats and both of them were
unceremoniously fired Katie Walsh and
then Reince Priebus a few months later
but the same sources tell me that Reince
Priebus Steve Bannon and Katie Walsh
formed an alliance and then it got even
stronger when Katie Walsh left Priebus
knew he was on the outs and Bannon felt
that he was being marginalized they
formed an even tighter alliance and what
the sources tell me
well it's bolstered by this Axio story
because we find out that the author wolf
spent a lot of time in the White House
and that would have had to have been
approved at the time by chief of staff
Frank Reince Priebus and he was given a
lot of access to Bannen which Bannon
would have had to agreed to also in the
Axios piece there's a talk of a six-hour
dinner held at Wolf's townhouse in New
York City the author's townhouse what
was which was attended by Roger Ailes
the now deceased former head of Fox News
in Steve Bannon this guy wolf was given
a lot of access by Bannen privately and
professed
in a tremendous amount of access to the
west wing by Reince Priebus by its
Priebus who leaked Reince Priebus ooh
was never Trump all through the primary
Reince Priebus who was behind a
contested convention to rob Donald Trump
of the nomination and failed thankfully
and now we have the Trump presidency
what I think is doing amazing things for
the nation but but this this underscores
a bigger problem and I think it's gotten
better since general Kelly came in his
chief of staff look I think general
Kelly's an establishment guy not
ideologically but simply because he's a
good soldier man rose up through the
ranks of the military very successful
career he follows the chain of command
there's a way things have always been
done in general Kelly does them I'm
encouraged by that professionalism I
don't think he's an ideologue in terms
of being pro establishment it's just the
system in which he's always worked he
doesn't know any different
but one thing general Kelly has done
well is tighten up that White House ship
that boat is no longer leaking and is it
an interesting that the leak started to
taper off when Reince Priebus left the
White House and ultimately ended when
Steve Bannon left the White House this
is very disappointing for many of us
because we saw Steve Bannon as a warrior
for the new base with a new playbook and
really with the loss in Alabama with him
losing support of the mega-rich Mercer
family who are outstanding conservative
benefactors and with him now being
declared persona non grata at the White
House
I feel Steve Maddens career is over and
in light of all the recent evidence
that's a good thing if you like this
content if you like this analysis please
subscribe to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org my new show off the cuff
Declassified launches a full hour of
this outstanding content more of it
great guests you're gonna love it thanks
for watching I'll see you tomorrow
