now trying to juggle your staff and
juggle everything and keep your bare
minimum to pay your rent and to pay your
fixed costs it's tough and anytime they
put extra regulations on business it
hurts right it also just I mean I think
the timing is horrible to do anything in
Alberta that takes more money from small
businesses because you inhibit our
ability to to kind of put money aside
for months like this okay that's great
but what happens if I don't make enough
money this month to pay my rent cuz I
still gotta pay a lease right
so if I can't pay my lease how am I
gonna be able to keep going and that's
the struggle and I mean I haven't even
really paid much attention to the carbon
tax but I don't want to rebait don't tax
me I don't like it I don't like this
notion of like okay you're gonna attach
this and take a little bit more money
but give it back
it just is rich it's the worst time ever
to do anything to us we're just sort of
kind of starting to rebound so I don't
like any of these changes and I don't
think any of the business people I used
to like it at all
because it inhibits our ability to run
our businesses how we see fit and these
in these tough times and there's a lot
of struggles to running a business a lot
and a lot more people realize that's an
excerpt from my weekly full-length show
the gun show on my show I take on the
issues of the day through my Alberta
conservative lens and I talked to the
real news makers the mainstream media
ignores to get access to my show in all
of our other premium content click the
link on the screen to subscribe today
you
