president Donald Trump has fired his
most powerful shot yet across North
Korea's bow and predictably the left is
melting down with each passing day
Donald Trump is taking a harder line
against North Korea that's a great thing
North Korean leader and I use that term
very loosely Kim jong-un has been
threatening the world for years not just
our allies in the region like Japan and
South Korea but but global allies with
his threats of nuclear attack because
that would destabilize the entire global
economy and president Trump isn't having
it he realizes that the only way you can
deal with a maniacal murderer like him
is the fight fire with fire
but Trump tweeted and I thought this was
great this was a show of us strength
president Donald Trump tweeted whoa
North Korean leader Kim jong-un just
stated that the nuclear button is on his
desk at all times
well someone from his depleted and food
starved regime please inform him that I
too have a nuclear button but it is a
much bigger and more powerful one than
his and my button works exclamation
point this is great because this is
returning the United States to a world
war two mindset of strength Obama
enabled him he appeased him he
emboldened him Kim knew that if he saber
rattled Obama would write sternly worded
letters and and and go to the UN and
demand sanctions we need sanctions
toothless sanctions that did nothing Kim
lasted us well he's not laughing anymore
because while the left was melting down
saying impeach Trump he's driving us the
nuclear war invoked the 25th amendment
kick him out of office while they were
doing all that nonsense and nonsense and
engaging in all those histrionics you
know what Kim did well
enn reported this and it had the pain
them to do that here's their tweet quote
North Korea called South Korea on a hot
line that's been dormant for almost two
years a major diplomatic breakthrough
following a year of escalating hostility
now don't be too optimistic about that
what Trump did was he motivated North
Korea to do something now I'm sure that
North Korea and my analysis is anyway
that North Korea is calling South Korea
in an attempt to say to South Korea hey
brother come on we're all Koreans Trump
is this big bad maniac from the West we
should be allies kicked the US troops
off the 38th parallel let's be a unified
Korea against the big bad American Eagle
but it's not gonna work it's not gonna
work we buy a lot of Samsung's a lot of
Kia's and a lot of Hyundai's okay so
South Korea is not gonna want any part
of Kim's black hole of an economy in a
country but at least it's got Kim moving
in the right direction he's nervous he's
off his game he's nervous and he's off
his game
and that's exactly what Trump did his
opponents in the primary he knocks 16
primary opponents off their game by
understanding how to get under their
skin how to tap into their insecurities
and how do how do you engage in a
regular warfare and make them say the
wrong things do the wrong things and
campaign in a way that made them look
very weak you've ended at the Hillary
Clinton and now you're seeing it again
with his what we'll call the nuclear
button we now what I loved is after
North Korea gave a little brown after
they call South Korea even if that call
is to try to align with South Korea
against the u.s. it shows that Kim is
nervous he knows he can't go it alone
anymore he knows that Trump is gonna do
the things that Obama wouldn't there are
gonna be strongly worded letters and
ruthless UN resolutions no we're gonna
Park aircraft carriers off his coast and
choke his oil supply choke his food
supply until his people rise up and
revolt like the Iranian people are now
also don't kid yourself that's another
reason he most likely called South Korea
Iran is his partner in the new program
another defense initiatives he sees the
protests in Iran he knows that could
very easily happen to him especially if
we start dropping propaganda in the
North Korea if we circumvent his news
blackout because
I don't Trump's a pro at that I'm not
here to be a Trump cheerleader I just
happen to love the way he operates
strategically but Trump has been a
master at circumventing the fake news
mainstream media I'm pretty sure would
be incredible capabilities of our
military our military intelligence
apparatus and our intelligence community
we can get information to the North
Korean people even if it's a primitive
method of dropping pamphlets ameriplan
now what I'd also love is that after
North Korea gave that little bit of
ground no matter the motives we double
down you and ambassador nikki Haley said
quote we will never accept a nuclear
North Korea do an on to say North Korea
can talk with anyone they want this is
in response to Kim calling South Korea
North Korea can talk with anyone they
want but the u.s. is not gonna recognize
it or acknowledge it until they agree to
ban the nuclear weapons that they have
that's it
zero tolerance for Iranian nukes and
this is what the world has needed
there's finally a strong United State
see while all this was going on
something else happened yesterday but
the mainstream media didn't want to tell
you about the Nasdaq broke 7,000 for the
first time in history in history now you
don't think that's the result of a of a
wrong United States in terms of national
and global security because remember I
always tell you national security is
economic security and economic security
is national security all of these things
are linked and Donald Trump taking a
hard line with North Korea showing the
world when no no longer gonna let this
guy bucked away in his little black hole
of a fiefdom we're no longer gonna let
him threaten the world with his nukes
it's time to act and we're gonna act
America is back and that's something the
world has been waiting for I want to
keep bringing you this outstanding and
interesting content I know you love it
and I have to thank you for all of your
comments after the segment see today on
the rebel dot media
I really really appreciate the
encouragement and support but please
help me continue that subscribe to our
premium service at www.mediaed.org this
I'll be back with you tomorrow thanks
for watching
