hey guys I'm Kristen Tate with rebel
buzz can you believe it's New Year's
2017 flew by and boy was it a year to
remember full of ups and downs
it was --there that donald trump was
inaugurated as president of the united
states it was the year that 58 people
tragically lost their lives during a
mass shooting in las vegas it was the
year that congressional Republicans
failed to repeal Obamacare despite
having majorities in the House Senate
and White House and it was the year of
trends that were likely to cringe about
in 2027 like mermaid hair contouring
crop tops and chokers now as we head
into 2018 let's take a look back at
three of the most outrageous things to
happen in 2017 comedian Kathy Griffin
proudly held up Trump's decapitated head
in the name of art in May Griffin who
let's be real no one knows why she's
famous post for the photos featured in
Trump's bloody head intended for an
audience
eager for more radical action Griffin
jumped over a huge red line even USA
Today had to ask if she committed a
felony now Griffin did eventually
apologized saying she went a little too
far but it was too little too late
she clearly had no understanding of the
danger her precedent set but here's a
scary thing her actions are only the tip
of the liberal violence iceberg Griffin
was only one of numerous public figures
to make violent threats against
President Trump rapper Snoop Dogg
assassinated Trump in a music video
Madonna said she fantasizes about
blowing up the White House comedian
Sarah Silverman called for a military
coup against Trump all of these actions
undermine what's been pretty obvious for
a while now Bluffs calls for civility
during the 2016 election yeah those were
never genuine the left only uses such
efforts as a tool to silence their
phos then turns around and calls them
Hitler when needed
the me2 movement exposed sexual
predators and destroyed the careers of
powerful men when Hollywood legend
Harvey Weinstein was accused of sexual
misconduct including rape by numerous
well-known actresses in October it
started the National me to movement
America was shocked as countless
powerful men in Hollywood politics and
media saw their careers destroyed after
years of sexual misconduct were exposed
for the very first time now the media
movement has been very empowering for
women and it's good to see serial sexual
abusers being called out and shamed most
of these men deserve exactly what
they're getting but here's what concerns
me about the movement the media has been
treating all misdeeds on the same level
a man like Fox Business host Charles
Payne who had a consensual affair
received the same amount of shaming as
others who are accused of actual rape
when full-out witch hunts are launched
against every single man who committed
any level of misdoing in the past we
take away attention from the biggest
predators and dilute the real purpose of
the me2 movement we should be outraged
by serial abusers but our outrage just
becomes noise if it's not focused on the
true abusers CNN went nuclear during the
first year of the Trump administration
for many of us deplorable the best part
of 2017 was watching CNN implode true or
false it can be a challenge to cover the
things President Trump says and tweets
because much of it is actually in a
murky gray area somewhere in between a
truth and a lie this was only one of
several ugly moments by the president
this morning and another one responding
to NBC News firing anchor old Matt Lauer
for inappropriate sexual behavior in the
workplace President Trump
lashed out at an MSNBC anchor now prior
to Trump getting in office CNN prided
itself on being non bias MSNBC had the
left-wing market cornered
Fox News had the right-wing market
and CNN was the channel that presented
itself as being somewhere in the middle
but this year in response to Trump being
in office the network has flagrantly
exposed and displayed its liberal agenda
now since his earliest days on the
campaign trail Trump has called out CNN
for its bias and to many Americans who
have become fed up with the overwhelming
bias and the media it was refreshing to
finally have a president fight back
during just his second month in office
Trump even banned CNN from a White House
press briefing now after a full year of
being exposed cNN has decided to
disinvite itself from the White House
holiday party I'm sure they won't be
missed so what were your favorite
moments from 2017 let us know in the
comments section we would love to hear
from you I'm Kristen tape and this is
rebel buzz I'll see you guys next year
