back in 2015 a twenty-something Montreal
couple el-mahdi
gemelli and sabrine Germain were plenty
to take a romantic trip to Greece now
what would you bring along on a Greek
vacation sunscreen swimwear oh for sure
and how about a bomb huh
ah kids these days they get up to such
chicanery don't they just consider the
case of Jamali and Germain who were
planning a trip to Greece two years ago
but can you believe it some culturally
insensitive types accused a couple of
harboring secret plans to join Isis in
Syria now Galli what would make the
authorities suspicious that this
fun-loving couple was up to no good well
maybe it was some of the evidence that
was uncovered at the couple's condo such
as a recipe for a pressure cooker bomb
similar to the one used in the 2013
Boston Marathon and we're not talking a
mere sketch on a napkin here folks by
the way because the jury was told that
during the RCMP investigation of the
couple's condo officers also discovered
an actual pressure cooker as well as a
bag full of ingredients like matches
o'clock filters and nails think about
that for a moment why would anyone
outside of the demolition business need
all the necessary parts for a makeshift
bomb what would you use it for to go
hunting maybe for a fishing expedition
or maybe they were finally going to
address that stubborn tree stump in the
backyard
in any event law enforcement did their
duty by charging this odd couple with
attempting to leave Canada to commit a
terrorist act possession of an explosive
substance and committing an act under
the direction of or for the profit of a
terrorist organization but recently a
jury found the couple not guilty on most
of those charges the only charge that
stuck was the one against Jamali who was
found guilty of possessing an explosive
without a lawful excuse but Wow did the
judge ever throw the book at Jamali well
actually no he didn't you see Jamali was
informed that his sentence was already
purged based on time served he's already
a free man
okay there are some conditions attached
to his release such as there's a
prohibition against Jamali using social
media and jamali has a check-in weekly
with the artist
EMP oh here's my favorite restriction
Jamali cannot visit Montreal's as a how
about mosque which is linked to the
controversial imam adele choco e that's
right the authorities actually know
about an allegedly radicalized mosque in
their midst
yet it's apparently business as usual
there nothing to see here folks move
along move along oh and proving that
court jesters are still doing their
stick in canada these days lawyers for
the couple said the verdict represented
the best possible outcome and that sent
a clear message to the public no really
they did in fact one of the lawyers
commented quote the jury understood that
there is a difference between informing
yourself being curious and going beyond
that end quote hey maybe he's right you
know I've always been curious about
making a chemical letter bomb I've got
the envelope but does anyone know where
I can source some anthrax then again
maybe there is an upside to this story
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has not
staged a press conference to announce
that the couple will be the latest to
receive an eight-figure compensation
check due to hurt feelings well not yet
at least for the rebel dot media I'm
David the men's ID Menzies like what you
just saw then click subscribe below and
never miss another rebel video
you
