one would think you know when you're
looking at four terrorists somehow you
would see a guy coming up in some sort
of a you know dark suit and black cap or
something and looking like terrorists
you know written right across the
forehead with a suitcase full of you
know weapons it doesn't look at all like
that we're not necessarily looking for
people who have a criminal record who
are wanted who are notorious we are
looking for people who have no records
because people who have records are not
the kind of people who are going to be
crossing the border to do us harm if
you'll remember 9/11 none of the people
in 9/11 who perpetrated that atrocity
none of them had a criminal record
because a criminal record makes them
susceptible to detection so the very
people that you're looking for who are
malicious intent are probably people who
have a clean record and that's the irony
and that's the difficulty that our our
customs and immigration people have to
deal with that we're looking for bad
people amongst a group of what looks
like good people and so that has always
been the challenge I am of two minds
really I love helping people but I
recognize that there are limits to any
form of charity and in some cases
immigration is about charity we pick
people who are going to be beneficial to
our country people who come in our
professional category our investor
category etc but a lot of it is a
humanitarian the refugee process
certainly it is and we have a program
that is called the humanitarian
compassionate program so those are
charitable causes so I recognize that we
need to be generous but there has to be
some limit and we determined that not
other people I think we as Canadian
citizens should do that and I will not
turn away
from the fact that we have to have
program integrity we cannot allow people
to come in and live with us unless we're
pretty sure who they are and we take a
look at what they have done in the past
as an indicator of what kind of
activities they may be involved in in
Canada that's an excerpt from my daily
TV show the Ezra Levante show no one
leaves behind a paywall but I thought
you'd like this video so we put it on
YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews a day and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
