oh you guys got a problem with the
process you guys got a problem with the
post Asst those woman at the University
of Washington were tearing down posters
of Kate Steinem who was shot by an
illegal alien acquitted of the murder in
state court last month but before
judging them on anything other than
their hideous choice and jackets let's
hear them out you guys got a problem
with the post Asst and what would that
be ooh dreams of ASIS now huh oh my
tones racist now too isn't it you'd
rather carried on posters the posters
displayed a picture of Steindl face with
the caption she had dreams too
referring to the hope Steindl had for
her future but also illegal alien
dreamers and this woman thinks it's
racist to suggest that steinem's dreams
were incompatible with the dreams of
hosea Nez Garcia Zarate who'd been
deported five times before shooting
style I mean even Hillary Clinton said
this dude shouldn't have been here but
of course san franpsycho like the honey
badger just doesn't care and will keep
its nutty sanctuary City policy anyway
students hung Steindl posters at other
West Coast campuses like UC Berkeley
UCLA and UC San Diego where they were
also taken down in fact the campaign
caught the attention of UC San Diego's
office for the Prevention of harassment
and discrimination which contacted
student gregory liu after he hung up 150
Steindl posters at the school the next
day all of them were taken down Liu said
he thinks the biased offices probe is a
threat because conservatives on this
campus already have a hard time we have
had a bunch of left-wing posters go up
all the time so the argument they might
make this is a political poster we don't
want you to put it up is a nonsensical
argument these leftists put up posters
all the time UC San Diego's College
Democrats also released a statement
calling the posters racist propaganda
and saying they inflict violence upon
individuals whose safety security and
well-being are already deleted amazed by
state policy and hateful rhetoric now
that side
Ronna this whole statement is just
rhetoric I mean inflict violence did the
posters jump off the wall and give
illegal aliens paper cuts racist
marginalized displays of hate these are
terms so often applied by the left that
they've lost all their meaning why are
these people so obsessed with defending
illegal aliens Islamists everyone who
wants to break the law and violate human
rights rhetoric won't help them when
their special pet victims come to their
jobs their culture and even their very
lives for campus unmasked I'm Rob shim
shell if you like this video and support
our mission please make sure to comment
and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
