big win for Donald Trump in Republicans
in passing sweeping tax reform massive
tax cuts and shockingly Democrats were
wrong we all didn't spontaneously drop
dead well I'm still here I'm still alive
and kicking and you apparently are as
well we didn't drop dead where we stood
upon Republican passage of this tax bill
a bill that's gonna be going to
president Trump's desk shortly could be
within hours day or two and we'll
probably be law right before right after
Christmas this is going to be so great
for our economy now there are things in
the bill that maintain the status quo
for example graduate students can't be
taxed on the value of scholarships the
50-year ban on churches engaging in
political activities is it remains in
place that's unchanged teachers can
still deduct school supplies you can
still deduct major medical procedures
you can still the duck student loan
interest
now there have been relaxations on
things like estate taxes I like that
because the more wealthy among us are
the stimulators of our economy they're
the job creators but most significant
thing for me in this bill is reduction
of the corporate tax rate by about 14%
it's coming down from 35% to it'll
ultimately be in the 21 percent
neighborhood that alone if there was
nothing else in this bill if this bill
had three sentences and and this bill
consistent consisted solely of reduction
of the corporate tax rate from thirty
five to twenty one percent that alone
would be life-changing for Americans on
every million dollars a company earns
they get to keep a hundred and forty
thousand on every billion they earn they
get to keep one hundred and forty
million and that's what this is now the
less talking points are this is this is
a corporate government theft this is
corporate welfare
I've been theft in corporate welfare
you're stealing from the poor to give to
the rich the government is giving gifts
to the wealthy no nobody's getting
anything nobody's being given anything
Americans and American corporations are
being able to keep American businesses
no matter what their structure is are
able to keep more of their own money
their own money
now sorry but people live in trailer
parks and housing projects subsidized by
public assistance should not be the
priority when crafting tax and economic
policies they just shouldn't it should
be the 1% and the 1% of the 1% because
like I said they're the job creators the
engines of our economy the economic
stimulators
now we're Democrats and never Trump errs
really voting against here what are they
really voting against let's break it
down and I'll tell you some other things
I like and dislike about the bill
they're voting against in very simple
terms Americans keeping more of their
own money they're voting against the Dow
soaring to or past 30,000 putting a lot
of money into Americans retirement plans
and college funds for their kids they're
voting against the significant infusion
we're going to see a venture capital and
private equity dollars into the market
without that VC and private equity money
you'd never know what Google Twitter
Facebook Amazon Yahoo eBay etc etc is
those companies would never have come
into existence with that venture capital
and private equity dollars and the
hundreds of thousands of people they
employ around the world would be jobless
or working in Starbucks or stocking
shelves at a supermarket they wouldn't
be making six figures at 26 years old
most significantly and this number is
gonna blow you away this tax bill when
passed into law will repatriate or
trillion dollars to individuals and
businesses in the United States of
America four trillion dollars coming out
of the hands of government back into the
hands of the people and the businesses
do you know what that does to our
economy companies grow they engage in
research and development they maybe put
new products out there they need to hire
to service these new products the stores
that sell them need to hire to service
them the ripple effects the trickle down
ripple effects to our economy rapidly
though these are more like Rapids and
and not a ripple not a trickle is going
to be so significant Trump might go down
in history is the greatest president for
our economy four trillion dollars
repatriated into the American economy
and the Democrats are crying about it
now one of the other things the
Democrats are hysterical over is that
state and local taxes can no longer be
deducted from your federal income tax
good why should those of us who live in
red states have to subsidize the
oppressive tax policies of blue states
like New York New Jersey in California
now for the people that vote Republican
in those states I have nothing but
sympathy I was one of
I eventually couldn't take it anymore I
had to move the taxation and regulatory
policies the oppressive nanny state ISM
got to be too much and I moved down
south to Florida that's a red state
luckily we have a red state legislature
and we voted for Donald Trump so I feel
for you but you know what this is gonna
do this is gonna force those Democrats
to do one of three things pay the money
and shut up leave and move to a red
state which they would never do because
they're not gonna they're never going to
abandon their little cultural enclaves
in in DC Manhattan and Los Angeles and
San Francisco never gonna happen or they
need to to finally grow up exhibit some
common sense and vote out the
politicians that want to oppressively
tax them and elect politicians that want
to eliminate their state and local taxes
so I applaud the president I applaud
Congress for killing that deduction all
that was was welfare to blue states that
want to oppressively tax their citizens
so that they can institute social
programs using their citizens money
programs that their citizens never
receive any benefits from
and in a nutshell that's my analysis on
this plan I think at the end of the day
this plan is absolutely outstanding it
does some very good things for
conservatism leave some status quo
things that nobody really objects to in
place like I I'm the most conservative
guy you'll ever meet I don't mind that a
teacher can deduct her school supplies
that's a work expense it's no different
than me taking someone out to dinner and
and expensing it to my production
company we're talking about the show or
business or no different than an
executive at the rebel taking me to
dinner and and deducting that because
we're talking about production the show
and it's a working business dinner
that's okay no one cares about that the
Liberals are making it seem like
conservatives don't want teachers to
deduct their school supplies from their
taxes we couldn't care less more power
to them god bless them deduct all the
pens and rulers you want no one cares
but like I said the major piece of this
bill for me anyway is that corporate tax
reduction we're gonna see the Dow at
30,000 and remember something
economic security is national security
this bill isn't just good for our
economic stability it's great for our
national security which covers domestic
security homeland security I think great
things are gonna come from this bill in
the economy I think great things are
gonna come from this bill in 2018 and I
think we're gonna start to see a very
quick turnaround and Donald Trump told
us during the campaign 3% growth is easy
4% growth is easy what we've smashed 3%
in the last few quarters and we're at 4%
now I was at an event with Donald Trump
jr. last night he made a good point he
said he's not gonna say it's 4% because
if it's three point nine nine nine nine
nine nine nine someone in the media is
gonna call him a liar well you know I'm
gonna say the same thing I'm not gonna
say it's but it's it's really close
within a fraction of a fraction of a
fraction the four percent growth
something that Obama told us could never
be done we were insane it could never be
done tax reform could never be done
never be done never be done well the
Democrats are a party of never I treated
something out this morning and I'll
leave you with this I tweeted recess
back nap before Donald Trump came along
and forced Congress to go to work they
had the same routine and schedule as a
kindergartner
it had to go to work and when they
finally went to work I think they've
turned out something that is outstanding
for our economy in this tax bill I want
to keep bringing you this content so
please subscribe to our premium service
at wwww forward slash shows here or any
subscriber thanks very very much
I'll be back with you tomorrow thanks
for watching
you
