when we first learned that there was a
seasonal food basket drive right here at
Canadian Forces Base board and well we
just couldn't sit back and do nothing
I mean the soldiers of our great
Dominion they do so much for us so much
for our country so we reached out to you
our viewers to ask if you would donate
to this seasonal food basket drive and
you know what folks you came through our
goal was ten thousand dollars we raised
more than fifteen thousand dollars and
I'm right here at CFB Borden to
hand-deliver this check to the Military
Family Resource Center hopefully it's
gonna make some soldiers families
Christmas a little brighter than what it
would normally be thank you once again
for your kindness and generosity a
viewer let us know of this annual
fundraiser to support the troops at CF
Borden and their high cost of living the
email said quote here is a link below to
the annual support the troops in need
for CFB Borden Ontario soldiers and
Borden Ontario are struggling to keep up
with the high cost of living and these
donations are often from other CF
soldiers supporting their own end quote
you are having a seasonal shearing
basket campaign and we reached out to
our viewers to raise money for it yeah
and we've raised over $15,000 okay and
we just wanted to drop off this check of
our generous viewers to you it okay
actually we I have nothing to do with
that anymore that the campaign is closed
oh okay yeah it has
to do with the center anymore no it's
over um what if we were to leave this
for next year's campaign I can't make
that decision that's I don't run the
campaign I'm not letting you do that so
you need to go to whoever it is on the
base that runs the campaign oh yeah oh I
thought I thought it was the yeah we
don't we don't run the campaign okay um
maybe it's the Padre um I was wondering
if I could send a few gentlemen over to
see you
regarding the seasonal sharing possible
campaign that they just wanted to have a
quick discussion with you about that but
I can't leave the live over here in the
other building and I can't leave the
library so I'm gonna send them over to
you thank you I'm back to the building
next door okay sir okay
okay is there someone I should ask for
he'll be waiting for you over there okay
thank you so much for your help
have a nice day
it's gonna help people yes sir
we're gonna Colmer up the coal has been
out of this base for three years Oh
Jimmy mr. Pope a lovely public affairs
officer they're not here
yeah their office is here but she's gone
she's gone vacation um maybe major Andre
pardons he is in the building across the
way oh okay party well we did try to
make like Santa Claus and drop off this
$15,000 plus cheque but nobody here at
the Family Resource Center would accept
it we've been told to go to the Public
Affairs Office so that's where we're
headed right now and hopefully we'll
have better luck there we weren't
surprised by this response I had
received correspondence from the base
giving a variety of excuses but the base
is in damage control mode so they would
rather turn away your generous donations
of fifteen thousand three hundred and
eighty-seven dollars then admit they
need it or take it from the rebel well I
think I make a really lousy Santa Clause
folks try as I did I could not give away
this check for more than $15,000 to
those in need at Canadian Forces Base
Borden now off camera had a conversation
with a major with the public affairs
department here and basically he said
their fundraising goals have been
reached and actually exceeded for this
current calendar year so they don't need
the money I suggested he could have the
check for next year's campaign he said
that wouldn't work because the the
seasonal basket campaign it's all about
a community fundraising event it's to
increase spirit on the base so any of
side money would not be appropriate I
told them our predicament basically we
raise money for a specific purpose and
we can't just give it to our local food
bank that's not what we raised money for
and he suggested maybe another military
charity two names came to mind
Canada company and soldier on so folks
since CFB Borden will not accept your
generous donations I wrote back to you
is there a particular military charity
you would like to see this money go to
because as I said earlier these soldiers
do so much for us so much for Canada it
just doesn't seem right that some
soldiers families have to depend on
charitable donations for food while at
the same time we're cutting checks in
Ottawa 4xg Hattie's for more than ten
million dollars a piece for the rebel
dot media I'm David the men's ID Menzies
like what you just saw then click
subscribe below and never miss another
rebel video
you
