so how do you like this for an epilogue
regarding the Lindsay Shepard affair at
Wilfrid Laurier University namely the
lawyer who was appointed to gather the
facts has finished his investigation and
is preparing his final report but guess
what that report will not be made public
well so much for transparency you may
recall the Lindsay Shepard controversy
that erupted last month Shepard a
first-year Communication Studies
teaching assistant had the temerity to
encourage a civil debate amongst her
students on the topic of gender pronouns
in order to foster this exchange of
ideas Shepard played the students a clip
from a TV Oh public affair show called
the agenda the segment featured an
exchange between U of T professor Jordan
Peterson and Nicolas mat who is a sexual
diversity studies instructor whatever
that is in the clip Peterson criticized
the U of T administration for insisting
that professors refer to students by
gender nonspecific pronouns you know not
just he or she but Z's a zoo and
sometimes why after the clip ran Shepard
had her students discuss the issue but
apparently some sensitive snowflake had
a meltdown and complained actually
correction the interrogating professors
lied about that there was no complaint
filed rather they manufactured the
outrage yes they pretended a complaint
or complaints had been received
they actually lied to further their
mind-numbing agenda to paint Shepard as
transphobic and as Star Chamber was
struck in which Shepard was called upon
the carpet before those wilfred laurier
professors and of course a diversity
officer they were apparently miffed that
Peterson's views were presented to the
class without Shepard condemning those
views Shepard sin was treating her
students like adults and allowing them
to come to their own conclusions about
Peterson Stan
and I guess he never got the memo
regarding indoctrination 101 in fact one
of the paranoid professors conducting
the Shepherd Inquisition Nathan rembu
Khanna had the following to say about
running the peterson commentary quote
this is like neutrally playing a speech
by hitler yeah he played for hitler card
this would never have been a story if
Lindsay hadn't recorded the
interrogation all of which led to media
coverage the world over most of it
condemning the University and its
heavy-handed tactics against freedom of
speech and freedom of expression well in
the aftermath the university promised an
investigation would be carried out and
university president deborah McClatchy
promised to act on the recommendations
that come out of the report but wait
here's the rub it has now been revealed
that the results of the report won't be
made public and if this is indeed the
case that the recommendations in the
report will remain shrouded in secrecy
and that nobody other than apparently
McClatchy will know what the report
recommends then what was the point of
having an investigation in the first
place and more so how will anyone know
if McClatchy will be staying true to her
word by promising to follow through on
the report recommendations but that's
how they roll that wilfred laurier
university do the interrogations in
secret and when wrongdoing is uncovered
do an investigation in secret the prime
directive would seem to be shielding the
wrongdoers from any repercussions or
even embarrassment even when the guilty
parties are caught manufacturing blatant
lies little wonder so many University
staff find the concepts of free speech
and free expression so utterly repugnant
apparently they don't like the idea of
the cockroaches amongst their ranks
being exposed for the rebel media I'm
David the men's ID Menzies
like what you just saw then click
subscribe below and never miss another
rebel video
you
