please help the rebel and me personally
are being sued by an anti-israel
extremist group and the lawyer they're
using just happens to also be suing the
government on behalf of a banned Muslim
terrorist group oh and he's campaigning
for Canada's m103 Islamophobia
censorship motion - that's who's coming
for us it's law fair I believe they want
to kill the rebel and silence our
criticism of radical Islam they're suing
us for more than a hundred thousand
dollars plus their lawyers fees we've
already racked up tens of thousands for
our own lawyers I need your help if
we're gonna survive this let me explain
here's the lawsuit you can read the
whole thing on our website stand with
the rebel calm the plaintiff is an
extremist group with the ironic name
Canadians for justice and peace in the
Middle East they promote the boycott
divestment and sanctions campaign BDS
against Jewish companies in Israel so
much for peace and justice about a year
ago I criticized them for a stunt where
they would go into stores and when no
staff were watching
they put bright orange warning labels on
products made by Jews in the West Bank
warning customers not to buy them it's
sneaky take a look let's go into the
store
now that we're inside the first thing
you need to do is identify your target
product in Canada common Israeli brands
are SodaStream Ahava and Keter once
you've identified your target product an
effective way to use the BDS sticky
notes is to take the first row the
product off the shelf
and go ahead and put a sticky note on
the item
that's outrageous and so we did a show
about it and we later interviewed a
lawyer about what they were doing I said
it was anti-semitic to boycott Jewish
products from Israel but not to boycott
China or Iran or Syria only Israel so
they threatened to sue us we told them
it was our legitimate point of view we
invited them on our show to debate it
they refused to debate and I should have
known they would given their lawyer give
our Hameed I mean as a spokesman for
Canadian Muslim Lawyers Association in
October he testified before Parliament
in support of m103 the Islamophobia
censorship motion that calls for a
whole-of-government approach to
eliminate Islamophobia without ever
defining the word our TV show on his
clients misconduct that could be the
kind of thing banned under m103
but that's the least of what Hameed does
he's a lawyer for irfan canada literally
a terrorist group he's suing the federal
government to get that group taken off
the list of banned terrorist
organizations here's his lawsuit on
their behalf are you sensing a pattern
here a few years ago her fan was raided
by the Canadian government accusing them
of giving 14 million dollars to Hamas
terrorists
there's Hameed fighting hard for them he
hasn't succeeded yet even Ralph Goodale
says their client is a terrorist group
you can see her fan on Canada's official
list of terrorists just a few spots
above Isis so and there's Hameed with
another Muslim extremist Abu sofyan
Abdul Raziq you might recognize him he
was stranded in Sudan for a year because
no airline would pick him up he was on
the UN's no-fly list because the UN said
he'd trained and an al Qaeda terrorist
camp and was connected to terrorists so
now a meet is coming for us
on behalf of the Israel boycotters he
doesn't think what we said about his
client is free speech which is odd
because a few years ago Hameed was the
lawyer hired by an anti-semitic group
called students against Israeli
Apartheid who wanted to blanket Canadian
campuses
with this anti-semitic poster depicting
Jews murdering a Palestinian boy
Carleton University rejected the poster
Hameed was the lawyer hired to keep it
up
so he's for some kinds of free speech
isn't he just not ours at the rebel will
you help us we've been dealing with this
quietly for a year
first we offered his clients an
opportunity to reply or to debate us
they rejected that they prefer to sue
what do you think do you stand with the
rebel or do you agree with Canadians for
peace and justice in the Middle East and
their lawyer Hameed that we shouldn't be
able to call their boycott of Jewish
Israelis anti-semitic or fight back hard
against the islamification of Canada or
the other things they complain about
they have every right to sue us and they
might even win we're not perfect
nor are we always right but we always
have a right to defend ourselves
vigorously and we might even win it is
vital that serious issues like BDS
should be exposed through public debate
and discussion and not kept in some
private fight that no one else really
sees everything we do at the rebel is
public and intended to inform it is for
that reason that we feel the need to
make even this particular fight in the
public realm this isn't just about us
it's a warning to any Canadian who dares
to speak freely about radical Islam or
anti-semitism even on your own Facebook
page
it's designed to inject a sense of fear
into the national discussion to create a
libel chill this lawsuit has already
cost us tens of thousands of dollars can
you please help us level the playing
field can you help fill up our legal war
chest so we can keep standing on guard
for our Western values of freedom of
speech and the separation of mosque and
state and the right to call out Islamic
extremism and to criticize anti-israel
boycotts if you can help with our legal
bills
I promise we'll keep fighting go to
stand with the rebel calm you can read
their whole statement of claim and our
whole legal defense and if you agree
with me that this is a baseless attempt
to kill the rebel please help us whether
it's $50 or 500 that stand with the
rebel calm we need your help to survive
this
it would be a shame if Muslim lawfare
killed the rebel please help us if you
can and stand with the rebel calm
you
