kurz lictors joining me to discuss well
pretty much everything that happened
this past week Colonel Kurtz Lichter US
Army retired Esquire trial lawyer
extraordinaire early in nights early in
LA I lick their your you look at a man
of leisure a man of all I'm not even
Adam I'm not even out of bed yet I don't
know I don't know whether to be excited
or creeped out by that
all right let's let's go into this you
should be totally creeped out freak-outs
the writers so sad yeah sad sack homie
now we find out Fox si si
yes head sack you know I'm gonna just
say do you know the other acronym for F
for people at the level of Andrew McCabe
and Peter stroke no oftentimes they can
rise to assistant director in charge and
I kid you not the acronym is a dick
actually drew a boy where the FBI you're
taking a flaming flaming dive off a high
cliff yeah sadly Wow yeah sacks and a
dicks at the top of the agency hey
listen I know a lot of agents there
outstanding people these but these three
guys at the top stroke Comey and McCabe
really just ate really poisoned the well
alright homies memo we now know that it
was Peter stroke specifically produced
rope who advised call me you change the
wording from gross negligence grossly
negligent whoever they were gonna phrase
it who extremely careless my argument
has always been that gross negligence I
said it here on the rebel I've said it
on air another hit gross negligence is a
standard of criminal culpability that
sets off a prosecution extremely
careless is a jury instruction but when
it's coming from the FBI it's really
just a shrug and a nod of the head talk
to me about this attorneys without know
yeah you're absolutely right I think
it's a great way of putting it
the the whole idea was to clear their
political ally this whole thing is I
guess it shouldn't be stunning to me but
you know when something you know is
confirmed with bright flashing lights
and sirens right sometimes you're kind
of like wow you know I I cried
wanted not to believe it but these guys
were political activists I mean you know
stroke and his you know text to his
girlfriend did it didn't it used to be
illegal to bang other members of the FBI
that you weren't married normally
normally it's a removable of fat thought
it was a removable offense it's a
removable offense in the Army right if
you uh that's a crime arm you know
what's bothering me he's still there
stroke still there he's still there but
another crew but here answer the
McCabe's still there for reasons that
that that one is baffling everybody but
here's the part that concerns me that no
one in the media seems to be addressing
and maybe they're not addressing it
because they didn't work inside the
system and like i did and they the
protocols are lost on them but but we've
got some really smart people to get it i
don't know why they're not addressing it
when Comey sent the email you stroke and
mccabe and rebecca v chief of staff at
FBI and all these other i think i said
his name right all these other people
that were that we now know we're part of
the collusion team hillary and he asked
for their opinion on on the wording in
the memo annouce know that stroke
downplayed it who was conspicuously not
cc'd who was not consulted were those
supposedly reasonable prosecutors that
never would have prosecuted hillary
clinton no one met with the Department
of Justice and asked the Department of
Justice for would have prosecuted post
indictment if they thought these are the
lawyers by the way if they thought that
the culpability should be reduced from
grossly negligence to extremely careless
only FBI agents who in huddled in
McCabe's office and talked about Trump
being a load some human being and how
Hillary should win one hundred million
is zero were consulted and the
Department of Justice still remains
silent Kurt I can tell you this if an
NYPD we had made that determination
without without consulting with the
Bronx or Manhattan district attorney's
offices where I work we would've been
excoriated the DA's office would have
called our bosses we probably would have
been kicked off the case and maybe never
allowed to work an investigation with
that DA's office again
no I the Department of Justice was
perfectly happy for the FBI to take the
heat for doing what the Department of
Justice would have done the department
justice would never prosecute Hillary
that's right you have been standing
there with a bloody axe over the court
so for many victims and you know they'd
look at it and go yeah and I just just
extremely careless now that would have
looked at it and said Hillary Clinton
the great Vampire Killer the great
vampires America's zombie killer they
spun it I'm dizzy I'm nauseous from the
spin but it's if this is uh you know
what does it take at this point what ask
you a different question if you tampered
with a prosecution and that you were
defending somebody a new tampered with
the prosecution this degree what would
the standard be for you to be censured
disbarred and potentially prosecuted in
your opinion as an attorney you know
blue sky opinion here do you think
they've crossed that line I mean I think
they have but I want to hear it from a
lawyer mine mine is an emotional
response and responsive the lens of a
cop so we tend to be Pro prosecutorial
does an attorney have they crossed that
line from censure to disbarment
the prosecution well these guys weren't
lawyers but they were actually I'll call
me petty so he is a lawyer tell me his
lawyer yeah um I can't imagine he'd
actually get disbarred because the other
bar turned the bar I would assume isn't
pretty limb cahoots um yeah I mean this
is all so outrageous we're in kind of
uncharted territory here at with the
level of outrageousness of this I mean
you have the FBI sitting around deciding
well let's start a prosecution of a
political opponent of our boss just in
case he gets elected I mean it's just
it's like Watergate time there's a
million and of course our media doesn't
care and the Democrats doesn't care
everything's a lie everything's a scam
and this is why everyone should buy buy
guns yeah no it's true because I I mean
I mean really if you really knock the
pillars out of society the pillars out
of our system of government you know
eventually it's gonna collect people
aren't just not gonna play a long kind
of shrug and go oh okay well all right
well there's certain rules for you guys
and then they're you know more onerous
rules for us
let's go yeah but that's what about
Rosenstein Rosen things they you watched
it right I mean I watched some of it
I'm a little annoyed at some of the
Republicans who decided to do monologues
rather than you know cross-examination
so I saw trey Gowdy and he's got all
these times where he can really put
Rosenstein on the spot instead he just
keeps talking listen trey gowdy
no he's a former trey Gowdy I lost me
here great yeah what's the great
prosecutors show up yeah no he's just a
guy in a bad tie like he should be
cruising in a Camaro around a high
school at lunch
yeah with it but now he's trying to be
sophisticated he brings the glasses down
that's when he see yeah yeah he's
serious and dazed and confused
it looks like that lately I actually
think he looks like that little elf in
the in the Rudolph movies he does look
like I don't I don't need the heat miser
I need the heat miser no but look Audi
you know I've long said this for about
two years now Gowdy has always been he
was banners than Ryan's lap dog he
talked stuff he placates us he tell us
he tells us what we want to hear but at
the end of the day he does nothing and I
found a video I tweeted it out the other
day and it's on my Twitter timeline now
you he dig back where John McCain was
praising trey Gowdy in 2014 as being the
next Lindsey Graham and he jokingly said
he's just like his uncle Lindsey Graham
the trey Gowdy gives us another pony
show now I do think Jim Jordan is the
real deal I can tell you being from
Florida that Matt Gaetz and Ron de
santis are the real deal Matt Gaetz in
particular he's a hardcore conservative
pro-second amendment pro small
government guy they're they're hammering
they are hammering were having
Rosenstein of questions you know what
I'm impressed by because he's got a much
more subdued style but he was a DOJ
prosecutor as Raul Labrador from Idaho
he's he's always collected but man if
you listen to his line of questioning
he's he's hitting it on the mark now I
would be remiss if we didn't talk about
David Cicilline from Rhode Island
Louis Katara's wait way to get gets
better selecting luis gutierrez from
illinois and hank johnson bombs gonna
tip over from georgia I mean I want them
to stay in Congress just for the sheer
amusement value of these hearing well
this is a league guy he looks like he's
running a you know the betting parlor
I was gonna say it cuz I can say I'm
gonna tell ya he looks like the guy who
runs the wiseguys poker game exactly no
he's not even amazing yeah he's the
bagman he's not he wasn't he didn't have
the goods to be a made guy because he
couldn't pull you know it's not gonna
bun day yeah
peripheral he's gonna end up hanging in
a rock and he's good with numbers he
graduated high school so he's the
numbers guy he gets thrown because he
has all his fingers Hank Johnson just
amuses me to no end I don't even know I
don't even a part of me thinks that he's
a parody of himself that he's a hardcore
conservative just playing a liberal them
cuz nobody nobody can be that much of a
gift our side
nobody oh the Guam tipper there is
nothing better than a look on that
Admirals face when he asked him the
question about Guam tipping over that
mansion yeah I don't know if there's an
award for composure at that level of the
military but man he should have alright
now one close to my heart one really but
before we go to Rubio let's go back to
Rosenstein though I thought Rosen
Singh's testimony was a big nothing it
was a three-hour so waste of time where
we learned nothing new except the fact
that Rosenstein thought Robert Muller
was a man of integrity and that there
was nothing at all wrong with the
investigation and there were no
conflicts of interest or we should just
wait for the Department of Justice
inspector general's report now
interestingly enough this is more of a
statement in a question I had lunch
yesterday with three very senior federal
agents very very close friends of mine
and they work in the Internal Affairs
they actually run the internal affairs
group of the particular federal law
enforcement agency in which they work
and they told me that oh I J inspector
general Horowitz has no love or federal
law enforcement agencies because he
really has he's on a mission to prove
he's independent and they told me he's
been very heavy-handed in the past with
the FBI with the DEA with the ATF and
with others so they they personally were
50/50 on whether people are getting a
pass they're not saying it's 80% people
are gonna get a pass they think there's
a chance at heart
which will actually do something I I
should hope so but frankly I you know my
I don't have a lot of faith because the
fix is in the establishment lighting for
its own survival that's why father you
know that's how I feel and it's yeah and
it's it's so destructive these guys
think you know we'll just we'll just be
us our way through this we'll just push
on through this this whole Trump
craziness is gonna go away hey look
we barely be we apparently were able to
beat the guy Cruz to uh you know malls
for teenagers in Alabama we're winning
and yeah you know they they think this
is all gonna blow over
I don't think it's gonna blow over you
know I've done Roy Moore ad nauseam but
when you and I spoken about this I don't
think bro Moore is indicative of
anything I think it was just a bad I
think Roy Moore lost the race more than
Doug Jones won the race I think Jones
sticks around for two years he a
Republican crushes him and the next one
and and I I'm annoyed with her anymore
because he has a terrible candidate
Harkins they're horrible when it became
okay yeah okay difficult for him to win
he should have left the best-case
scenario for this guy and he a li he
made a lot of conservatives stay home
because you know the best case for this
guy was you know I Cruz small 14 moot
malls for right like I said who on his
personal here Anna he was a terrible
candidate who ran a terrible campaign
who on his team I want I want to know
who advised him I really want to know
who advised them after the allegation no
one exactly to say to say to the cameras
well yeah I did day teenagers that their
parents were cool with it like who told
the creepy 70 year old and a cowboy hat
but that was a good messaging today
that's just that that's harm accusation
criminal wrongdoing more unfair in a lot
of ways and I don't believe anything the
Allred girl said right and the other one
I don't really believe either because he
had no perverts do it over and over but
what he did admit to was enough to keep
a lot of people huh that's right that
was certainly the mark okay and look at
kept they kept moms and dads here's that
here's the thing really gets me let's
put aside the fact that he was a
krummy candidate anyones he was from
candy before he was crowned me candidate
after he ran a terrible campaign they
got to trippy down there granted
data-driven monitoring campaign oh
there's a biggest on getting out the
vote and highly Democrat I gave credit
all day long to Doug Jones running a
great campaign and and Roy Moore used
the guy named Brett Doster here at a
Florida we crossed paths he was jeb
Bush's guy and they ran a very Jeb Bush
s campaign there was no opposition
research on Jones there was no pushback
on the message the only the only comment
the only rapid response to the message
was yeah I dated teenagers when their
parents were okay with it I mean there
was literally it you know what I mean
that response could have waited you
didn't need a rapid restore how about
you don't say I like teenage girls what
30 year old Lyndon how about you don't
say it at all how about you just eat but
and then the weirdness riding there on
the horse and and look we're at a point
in history yeah it might it might change
and it not hasn't always been but we're
at a point in history where economic and
national security populism is reigning
supreme in terms of political messaging
and we've got a guy talking about the
LGBT boogie lady boy under the bed oh
they're gonna come in yeah and you're
sweet you know nobody it's a message
just didn't resonate yeah I mean it was
just it was just a terrible campaign
yeah and I'm I'm gonna write about this
at Town Hall Monday I think there are
lessons there for us to take and there
are there lessons we should learn and
false lessons we shouldn't I don't think
that we should somehow make ourselves
feel better because he was a uniquely
bad camp candidate in a uniquely weird
situation which is all true but what
we're looking at is motivated Democrats
that's who are using modern campaign
techniques to target winnable races
that's what they did in Virginia they
went in and targeted these races and and
look with a money into it that's that's
right what they do and I look yeah I had
a meeting yesterday with a guy running
for Carlton a name they're running for
Congress here in in Florida as a
Republican against a very bad candidate
they're running against a very bad
candidate and a Democrat incumbent
Democrat and I they had asked me where I
think you know doing what I do the
Republican Party
and I said well the Republican Party
absolutely sucks at get-out-the-vote
efforts and minority outreach and the
Democrats are pros at get-out-the-vote
and minority outreach they're pros at
grassroots Roy Moore had no grassroots
infrastructure and he all been ignited
It was as if there were no black and
Hispanics in the state of Alabama - the
more campaign you know me I'm not a guy
that says race it was just racism it's
just terrible community outreach Moore's
entire campaign plan was Alabama votes
Republican let's go to sleep that was
what it was there was nothing yet on he
yeah the most critical time the most
candidates are out nineteen hours a day
not even sleeping he was gone he was
mi-8 grooming his horse to ride to the
polls it the whole thing was ridiculous
yeah I mean we have to do a few things
we have to be more ruthless with our
candidates election oh yeah for us
hardcore conservatives sometimes that's
going to be main taking a guy who's more
liberal than we like for squishes it's
going to mean taking sometimes mean
taking somebody work and serving them
hardcore hardcore than you like to hold
that seat yeah now let's go yeah we have
to we have to find the people who are
going win and we have to do data-driven
campaigns that's right in our modern
that focus on social media what was
social media what did you ever see Roy
mortars Twitter feed honestly there was
nothing on there this is exactly this
horse that's why I have with Kennedy's
Twitter feed that's right
listen I have this conversation with
candidates daily the world now exists on
social media senior citizens ramp onto
Facebook but that you know what the
problem is
the traditional campaign consultants
especially the group that more used I
know who they are they make a ton of
money on media and mail like these
consultants make major Commission figs
on on television ad buys and mailers
through the mail and they don't want to
know about social media because dollar
for dollar and the races that I've I've
worked on and been around what you spend
two thousand dollars foreign mail can be
done for about 80 bucks on Facebook and
there's no big there's no Vig for these
guys to make so they stay away from it
the Democrats have embraced it Obama
brought them there masterfully Matt
Robinson a Trump embrace oh no the Trump
won because of it but but Trump said
anomaly the I'm talking about
establishment players the establishment
demo yeah a stablishment guys don't want
anything to do
that's where you can be you could be a
successful Republican campaign
consultant who has never won anything
that's right and listen right Murphy
Rick Mike Murphy Rick Wilson these guys
make a lot of money on media buys that's
why they're so hysterically nevertrump
it's not ideology Trump espouses all the
stuff they've talked about for decades
it's that he took the ability for them
to make millions of dollars away by
using a new playbook and taking the
media Buy and the mailer consultants out
of the equation and he went to digital
so Brad parse Cal and his digital team
made nine 10 million dollars and all the
traditional guys that waited in line
made nothing that's why they're
hysterical it's all about money well
yeah look any candidate who doesn't go
out and hire somebody like you and
somebody who works is really screwing up
yeah I'll tell you what if you and I had
been handed room way more in October
yeah you know the city he'd be the city
being senator elect today yes he would
you know what I firmly believe that the
first thing he wouldn't have gone on
Hannity on you know is unprepared is
that that judicial nominee who didn't
you know who never done a trial yeah
yeah couldn't explain why Judge Peter
lost his cowboy hat put on a more modern
suit and gone to the polls in a suburban
or a pickup truck not on his horse and
he would have shut his mouth about
dating teenagers with their parents
permission I mean it was yeah he would
have gone on hannity and explain look I
I told some terrible lies about me glory
all right Stella live that's right the
lies are lies and we would have run and
we would have run against Gloria Allred
and Doug Jones I'm really turned off at
bat means did you did you know he had a
first wife look do you know his divorce
is very ugly
the the oppo on doug jones was
non-existent
you know he reminds me of you remember
Tim Conway Tim Conway yes korban Doug
Jones just reminds me of that old
comedian Tim Conway I don't ever come
and look at him I just think of the old
like he's don't worry harvey korman
skits yeah weird very very odd
all right let's let's we're talking
about squishes and we were talking about
having to accept
politicians leave a bad taste in our
mouths I'm here in Florida we've got to
talk about grandstanding Marco Rubio
disclosure leave it leaving a bad taste
in your bow god oh god let's not go
there I know it I put it out with water
Oh water Marco Rubio tribute wait am i
hold on hey now I just need some foam
I'm gonna do another without the prop
cap so listen so here's the thing right
full disclosure I donated and supported
Marco Rubio vehemently when it was a
state legislature here in Florida
donated a lot of money to his campaigns
I voted for him twice as a u.s. senator
and to say I put this out on Twitter
yesterday but say I have buyer's remorse
is an understatement
my quick analysis the tax reform bill if
passed gets the Dow close to if not
above 30,000 people with 401ks with
investments even a couple of shares of
stock that their parents gave them in
Disney for their high school graduation
stand to make thousands of dollars and
Marco Rubio is threatening to hold it up
over an additional five hundred bucks
and child tax credit where even if a
deal is cut he gets two hundred and
fifty dollars so he's willing to say you
already got a doubled it was a thousand
he got it to 2,000 now he's holding it
hostage playing McCain 2.0 maybe McCain
3.0 if Graham is 2.0 he's holding it
hostage over what might amount to two
hundred and fifty bucks a big what does
that break down to it'd be 20 bucks a
month right twenty dollars and fifty
cents a month five bucks a week 80 cents
a day he's willing to take thousands of
dollars in stock market increases and
profits out of people's investment plans
two grants then to me I think that's
reprehensible it's not conservative it's
not good for America it's only good for
Marco Rubio and his establishment
buddies who still have a petty vendetta
against Trump what say you counselor
Schlichter well first of all Marco's
gonna pull old because he's a godless
was no choice
this is grandstand he's gonna fall I
don't I I think corker flake Molins and
me and some others will at the last
minute screw this I I don't see this
thing passing yeah Macau McCarthy
College zero flake even even if McCain
if they wheel him back in I just
McCain's but Kane said he was a yes so I
don't think he wants to go out McCain
might not have long to live I mean I
don't say that in a Cavalier way I don't
care how I feel about the man
politically no I feel bad for his family
right
fact but but but i think you're right i
think Flake Murkowski Collins and corker
sink this thing and Mike Lee now is
saying he'll be a no and that which is
really disappointing he'll be an O of
the tax credits not expanded which i
think is ridiculous over a couple of
hundred bucks I mean it's just
ridiculous and especially on the heels
of the more loss we need a galvanized
GOP we need this win you don't hold it's
win up over two hundred and fifty
dollars well remember these guys don't
want to win that's right it's not
important for the party or conservatism
the width what they want to do is create
a situation where they have to be
invited back to fix everything let's
burn it down and then we'll fix it
that's right uh no I look i i'm all for
burning things down once in a while but
that's a dangerous strategy do they
think that somehow people are going to
come to the jeff lakes and the bob
corkers to rebuild the republican party
their time is gone and they ought to
leave with some dignity leave what's up
anything that we found out yesterday
that paul ryan is probably gonna retire
before the 2018 elections yeah who
noticed well actually you know Paul Ryan
has done I mean he he keeps putting up
those and keep getting a past and then
the Senate screws it up you know what so
I mean great hell Ryan shutting up and
he's doing he's passing things I mean
that's the least annoying Paul Ryan the
Paul Ryan's super annoyed he's terribly
terribly annoying that that weird little
grimace that he does but you know what
in fairness smarmy the guy annoys me but
yeah at least he's letting bills see the
light of day I understand why he wants
to go I mean if I'm Paul Ryan I'm in my
mid-40s at this point and the guy's
right right around my age
he's probably I mean the guy's gonna
step out and make two three four or five
million bucks a year at a big bank
because he was the budget guy so I
understand why you'd want to go at this
point enjoy the money yeah make some
money you've got a young family I just
wish he would have done him in 2016 and
I wish we would have gotten maybe gotten
Paul Nalin into his seat and gotten a
mark Meadows a Louis go Mayer Massey one
of these more hardcore conservatives as
Speaker hopefully that's what we're
gonna see when he steps down
I hope the Congress has learned their
lesson and they're not gonna stick you
know another Boehner Ryan disciple into
the Speaker's chair office but
that would just be disastrous for
another two years well look i mean i III
hope we have the howls after next year
if they listen to guys like us yeah
we'll do fine that's because there's
multiple things we need to do we need to
identify vulnerable enemy seats and go
to take we need good candidates that we
need you know that we need the right yes
10 Democrat 10 Democrat Senate seats are
up for grabs in 2018 and states out
Trump won handily
there is no reason we shouldn't win
every one of them but we've got to get
Galvan first we've got to pick good
candidates that are killers yeah we
don't need any more jabs we don't need
any more jabs we need killers nobody who
thinks that sometimes you're morally
obligated to lose
that's exactly exactly right and we have
10 seats up for grabs in the upper
chamber we should win every one and get
our supermajority there's no reason we
cannot do it but we've got to get these
idiot rhinos to stop being thorns in the
president's side galvanized and support
for a big party win yep that's what we
need
all right no you're absolutely right
talk to me about love your new townhall
a column why am I seeing a lot of love
coming out of Courage selector right now
yeah I decided to give some dating
advice in my Thursday column there was a
intersectional feminist who wrote a ten
questions to ask your partner on a first
date things like what do you do to
disarm patriarchy do you support our
Muslim allies blah blah blah blah blah
oh is incredible so I did something for
conservatives and people should check it
out you know things like how do you feel
about the Second Amendment the proper
answer is you don't have some enough
guns and that answer should come before
you you you tell them how many guns you
have you know what you and I need to do
you and I need when next time I'm in Los
Angeles you're on the East Coast you and
I need to find a liberal be dating event
and just go sit the road for the sheer
amusement value oh dear God that would
be you and YX stuff exactly pound sign
you know yeah by the time emoji
are there five minutes would be up by
the time they wouldn't get the acronym
out before the five minutes was up and
I'd be like all but six of them yeah any
big plans for the weekend Schlichter we
ran out of time here I could go all day
yeah I got a little bit of writing to do
so what's coming on Monday can we get a
hint
uh yeah I'm gonna tell the Republicans
what they need to do to keep the house
in the Senate I think they'll listen I
don't think they'll listen we're just
gonna have to do it ourselves I think I
think Jeff Flake will read it and it'll
start cutting more checks to Democrats
as always Schlichter an absolute
pleasure Colonel Kurtz leichter he's got
some interesting projects coming up you
guys are gonna want to stay tuned to his
Twitter at Kurt's collector always a
pleasure my friend thanks very much
thank ya always a great time with Kurt
and I want to keep bringing that to you
so please subscribe to our premium
service that www.mediaed.org this
you
