the World Bank said it will end
financial support for oil and gas
exploration within the next two years as
a response to the growing threat they
say is posed by climate change one dying
old polar bear and the whole thing goes
straight to hell this week is the second
anniversary of the signing of the United
Nations Paris agreement on climate
change remember that thing that was the
International wealth transfer scheme
that Alberta premier Rachel Notley and
Catherine McKenna signed on to that
paved the way for both provincial and
federal carbon taxes and to celebrate
this week the World Bank said it will
stop all lending for oil and gas
projects in the developing world after
2019 and Canada's Environment Minister
Catherine McKenna who of course jet said
it over to Paris for the anniversary of
the climate change fighting Paris Accord
told the media we are certainly pleased
to see the announcement by the World
Bank today
Catherine McKenna's pleased everybody
she could not be more elated with the
decision of the World Bank to kneecap
Canadian oil and gas companies as they
try to invest abroad and those people in
the developing world who would have
benefited greatly from the development
of their own natural resources through
jobs games and personal wealth and
technological advances and the freedom
that comes with those things well
they're just collateral damage as
Catherine McKenna tries to save the
polar bears from broken legs caused by
climate change in August now this like
just about everything else the Liberal
government does coupled with their
corporate tax changes should send a bit
of a chill over what's left of
investment in canada's natural resources
while it is the developing world that
the world bank will no longer provide
financing for Catherine McKenna's sheer
excitement with the World Bank's
announcement certainly is indicative of
a pervasive ad
two of the Liberal Party of Canada
towards oil and gas investment just ask
pipeline company TransCanada they put
the kibosh on energy East because they
just didn't want to put up with any more
liberal roadblocks to their nation
building pipeline project we have
Canada's Environment Minister
celebrating the fact that it will now be
harder for Canadian companies to get
access to financing to develop resources
in the third world to hire people in the
third world to lift those people out of
poverty in the third world and use
advanced Canadian technologies to make
the third world's fossil fuels a little
bit cleaner tell me again how liberals
care about poor people now all of this
showboating and virtue signaling from
Catherine McKenna and her friends at the
United Nations is just more low-level
trolling of President Donald Trump he's
got a pro call Pro fossil fuel Pro
sovereignty anti UN Agenda it's why he
pulled the United States out of the
Paris Accord in the first place and the
globalist at the United Nations they
just can't stand it you see they need
the United States money they just don't
want the United States opinions an input
we saw the United Nations vote 151 to 6
to deny Israel's ties to Jerusalem all
because they anticipated Donald Trump
recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's
capital now this it's childish and petty
but everything you'd expect from the
Socialists at the United Nations it's
how they operate they'd sacrifice the
developing world as long as it meant
feeling morally superior to President
Donald Trump for the revolt media I'm
Shiela gun Reid did you know that I have
my own show here on the rebel it's
called the gun show it airs every
Wednesday to get access to my show and
all of our amazing premium content
become a rebel subscriber today
you
