in the past we've talked about specific
cases for example there's tens of
thousands of Haitians
who fled the Haiti earthquake a few
years ago had a temporary status in the
United States and now that's coming to
an end thus that one specific group all
ii dakota quebec i guess this is all of
them this isn't just haitians he said
eleven million that is i mean that is
one third the population of Canada if
those 11 million people I mean obviously
wouldn't be all 11 million a lot of them
are in the southern and western states
but theoretically word could get out you
could have a new sort of Underground
Railroad not fleeing slavery but fleeing
deportation cops theoretically you can
have a hundred thousand people come I
mean that's not crazy to say if you have
the same shenanigans you had at the
Quebec border if you had it along every
border crossing from White Rock all the
way to the Atlantic coast you could have
a hundred thousand people come to Canada
just from the United States thanks to
you right it's very hard to tell what I
can tell you is that the TPS the
temporary protected status of the
Haitians included fifty thousand
Haitians in all the United States we the
last numbers that I heard we received
about six thousand and Counting I'm not
sure exactly what the final number is
but we know it's more than six thousand
so that's roughly more than ten percent
of that population saying look our time
is coming up in the next few months we
have to make a decision and you know
remember the percentage is ten twelve
percent of them have decided they're
gonna come to Canada imagine what's
going to happen when the next TPS I
think it's El Salvador there's about two
hundred thousand in that category that's
coming up also in the early part of next
year and that's just one group we're now
talking about everybody that's the
Mexicans
everybody that is in the United States
without status now has to be worried and
remember the way that we've been doing
businesses if they came to somebody's
home or somebody's apartment building
looking for a criminal alien it can find
them they would just walk away and turn
a blind eye they're not doing that
anymore that would make me very very
nervous if I was living in one of those
communities and I'd be definitely
looking for for somewhere to go when you
create that kind of a fear if that big
of a population you have to expect some
reaction how exactly those numbers are
going to shake out I don't know but but
it's going to be I feel a real challenge
for Canada and the current approach that
we have which is you know if you come to
a hole in the fence we'll let you walk
right through it as that has got to be
revisited that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Ezra Levante show no
one leaves behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including
always two interviews today and I read
my hate mail just click on this screen
and become a Premium Member
you
