another terror attack in New York City
and I'm gonna tell you why please
partial blame for this one on radically
far left New York City Mayor Bill
DeBlasio and his pal radical Muslim
activist Linda Sarsour now there is
arguably no place busier than the Port
Authority Terminal at rush hour during
Christmas season in New York City and
that's exactly where a 27 year old from
Bangladesh named Akkad
Kula we've been living in the US for
seven years living in Brooklyn a guy at
the New York Post described as Isis
inspired tried to detonate a pipe bomb
as a suicide bomber underground in Port
Authority trying to kill dozens if not
hundreds if not in his delusions
thousands of people now it's really
important to note that Bangladesh is a
predominantly Muslim country a
predominantly predominantly Muslim
country and with the guy being described
as Isis inspired and him using a suicide
bomb the New York City Police Department
and their partners at the Joint
Terrorism Task Force didn't waste any
time in classifying this a terror attack
and attributing it to radical Muslim
terror they've been actually great with
their public information the NYPD and
their partners in the New York field
office of the FBI are really pros when
it comes to disseminating this info and
Bend bringing public area down calming
the public down they've gotten a lot of
training after 9/11 so kudos to that I
also want to give a big pat on the back
to all of the first responders they were
on scene in seconds there is an
incredibly robust response
infrastructure with the New York City
Police Department in the Port Authority
police department wishes special
attention to the Port Authority Police
Department in this one that's their
domain the Port Authority terminal they
are a great agency they trained very
closely in cross trained pretty much
daily with the NYPD their emergency
services unit like NYPD's that's they
call SWAT in New York City they are some
of the best in the world at what they do
and let me tell you they saved many many
lives today
just being there on scene getting this
guy in custody as
quickly as they did why did I in my
opening day that I blame bill de blasio
partial and it partially blame people
like Linda Sarsour well you have to ask
yourself why this attack was even able
to happen how did a guy described this
isis-inspired live under the radar in
Brooklyn for seven years yet to the
point where he could build a pipe bomb
and luckily he failed but attempt to
explode it on a busy rush-hour morning
during Christmas season in Port
Authority terminal right smack dab in
the heart of New York City
well the NYPD after 9/11 realized they
had to get smart and they started
deploying all different kinds of units
they always had the intelligence
division which did outstanding work but
after 9/11 they got very serious they
brought in some former CIA people and
they created the counterterrorism Bureau
and the NYPD a Bureau is one tick under
the police commissioner's off that means
that the mission is given the highest
priority in counterterrorism is right up
there next to patrol and the detective
bureau it's a it's a premiere and
predominant entity within the NYPD given
equal weight to the cops on patrol on
the detectives meaning it's one of the
primary missions of the New York City
Police Department and their partners and
so many would argue me among them that
New York City has one of the best
anti-terror infrastructures in the world
and I'll put them against the NYPD and
even the CIA in many respects when it
comes to intelligence clean inside of
New York City the CIA works very closely
with again how did this guy with all of
this attention with all of these
resources and pros and experts
living and working merely miles away
from where he lived how was he able to
slip through the cracks well the answer
is very troubling now I say on the show
all the time you've heard me say it on
my show here on other shows on which I'm
a guest that I am a firm believer in
profiling and monitoring and I'm a firm
believer I'm profiling and monitoring
because it works
it's constitutional and there's a lot of
precedent you can go back over a hundred
years to the turn of the century and you
can find examples of the New York City
Police Department using italian-american
detectives profile monitor and
infiltrate La Cosa Nostra the Italian
mob as the years went on they get it
with the Irish mob the Westies a
profiled Irish man of a certain age
range and they used Irish detectives and
federal agents they partnered with who
infiltrate the Westies they do it to the
Asian gangs the Triads they do it to
Hispanic and Latino males when we look
at the Colombian cartels with Mexican
drug cartels or other narcotics
enterprises we do with african-american
the black men when we look at the Bloods
and the Crips and black gangs and the
crack trade in New York City there is
precedent upon precedent upon precedent
for profiling and monitoring certain
groups when those groups are most
responsible for a specific type of crime
unless it's Muslim males then profiling
and monitoring he's highly effective
constitutional law enforcement tactics
that have a century of provable positive
results well then all of a sudden
they're xenophobic and racist and
horrible in bed they should never be
deployed and that's exactly what
happened in 2014 see after 9/11 when the
NYPD got very serious and created the
tourism bureau and all these other
divisions and units within the NYPD to
stop terror they realized they were
greening very very good intelligence and
one of the units was called the
demographics unit and with that unit was
tasked with doing was sending undercover
detectives into the Muslim community
specifically into groups where there
were hints of radicalism it would
infiltrate they would befriend the
members and they would glean really
really good intelligence now let me give
you a little background on on my thought
process my analysis of this situation
and terror on the whole I'm no longer
kept awake by the 9/11 style attacks
we've learned a lot in the last 16 years
we've become very very good at
intercepting a chatter that regards the
planning for those attacks interdicting
and stopping those attacks we've become
great at that we use what's called sigyn
signals intelligence and intercept by
satellite we have white hat hackers at
the NSA
can crack in the databases into email
accounts we have wiretaps up on their
phone calls we can intercept their radio
chatter we're very very good at that one
place that no one can ever be good at
and this is not this is not a criticism
of the law enforcement or intelligence
communities are these low tech
asymmetric attacks because they don't
require chatter they don't require
planning there's nothing to intercept it
could be two guys in an apartment with
one guy having bomb-making skills that
he learned 20 years ago teaching another
guy over the kitchen table how to build
a pipe bomb that he could set off in
Port Authority I don't know if that's
the case here an example but these
low-tech asymmetric attacks are the one
that keep ones that keep me awake like
the truck that drove into a crowd of
innocence in New York City and what
they're so ago the attack in Nice France
with these mass shooting incidents now
with Muslim actors end a pipe bomb
thank God failed being set off in the
Port Authority terminal during rush hour
during the Christmas season in New York
City these are the attacks that are very
hard to interdict but we were making
progress because all those units I told
you about the counterterrorism Bureau of
the NYPD the federal partners at the
JTTF the Joint Terrorism Task Force the
Intelligence Division of the NYPD and
the demographics unit while they were
profiling and monitoring the Muslim
community they were befriending people
in the Muslim community not only the bad
actors but good people would come to
them and say hey there's a new guy at my
mosque and this guy is spouting off some
pretty radical stuff he's trying to
fundraise for Isis and al Qaeda and
Hezbollah and Hamas it's a bad guy you
got you know we should call somebody
about this well that NYPD detective
posing as a member of the mosque he was
people to make those calls was able to
accelerate an expedite the response the
investigation
lives were saved there things I can't
stay here publicly on the show but let
it suffice to say that outstanding
actionable intelligence was gleaned that
intelligence was put into the hands of
the people who stopped the attacks the
attacks were stopped and lives were
saved many many lives were saved people
who work in those units are unsung
American heroes and because of the
secretive nature of their work you'll
never know who they are they save so
many lives I hope one day they can get
the credit they deserve but in 2014 when
the de Blasio administration came into
power these programs were all but shut
down these programs were all but shut
down the demographics unit in particular
was targeted by people like Linda
Sarsour Linda's are sworn I've got some
notes here on my desk top was one of the
people who decided to shut down the
demographics unit and she said she had a
really interesting quote he said that
the demographics unit was the
demographics unit created psychological
warfare in our community that's what
Linda Sarsour said she said well she
shopped in in in those shops and she
went to those bakeries a strong and
that's the cafe where she and she was
talking to New York City at the time
this was in January of 2014 Police
Commissioner Bill Bratton and the head
of the counterterrorism Bureau John
Miller now I had worked for Bill Bratton
and John Miller during their first
tenure with the NYPD back in the
nineties Bratton was commissioner then
and John Miller was what's called DCPI
Deputy Commissioner of Public
Information they were both very very
good but somewhere along the way they
cozied up to the Obama administration
Bratton went on to be chief of LAPD John
Miller worked for up Homeland Security
in the Obama administration and both of
them made a left turn but when Linda
Sarsour
said this to them in a meeting in 2014
when she said the demographics unit
created psychological warfare in her
community they were swayed despite
knowing that the programs were
constitutional despite knowing that the
program's yield that actionable
intelligence that saved lives Miller and
Bratton working for Bill DeBlasio
allowed Linda Sarsour and other Muslim
activists
but convince them to shut down the
demographics unit the rollback the
confidential informants in the mosques
to do all of the things that were needed
to do to clean the intelligence that the
large signals and human intelligence
operations were never going to glean in
these small communities
and that's how we were stopping attacks
because we didn't need satellites
interdicting communication we didn't
need hackers going into email accounts
we didn't need wiretaps like I said we
had confidential informants in mosques
we had undercover detectives and they
were being told this guy looks like a
bad guy he seems loyal to Isis that
woman over there is talking about being
a suicide bomber
now you remember I did a story a little
while ago here on the show about New
York City cops being told they're no
longer welcome on the campus of Brooklyn
College if they need to use the restroom
well part of the reason that came to be
is that a female detective from the NYPD
infiltrated a radical Muslim group on
Brooklyn College's campus they went nuts
about that a prior to that that same
detective stopped two women who were
plotting an attack for Isis in New York
City both of those women were
apprehended the detective knew what she
was doing she had great intelligence so
she infiltrated this group and the thank
you at the moronic snowflake left-wing
students on Brooklyn College campus gave
to the NYPD for rooting out terrorists
in their campus community was hey you're
not welcome here
don't use the restroom and that's the
speedy be moronic attitude of the left
and so why I say that people like Bill
de Blasio like Linda Sarsour are
partially to blame for these low-tech
asymmetric attacks is because they took
the tools away from the NYPD from local
FBI agents from all of the other law
enforcement agencies in the New York
area they took the tools away at those
agencies used to glean the real-time
grassroots intelligence needed to stop
these asymmetric attacks and then they
sit back and they smile and smug
sanctimony is if they did something
great because while they were protecting
the sensibilities of Muslims and
typically only the most radical Muslims
are the ones offended by this I have
friends unity who are good law-abiding
successful people they want this
monitoring and profiling to go on every
bit as much as you and I do they welcome
it they don't want their kids to be
killed in a terror attack either he's
our these are good people and only
people like Linda Sarsour the most
radical leftist were offended by this
and for that the program was shut down
and since that program was shut down
we're seeing more and more now it's
anecdotal but I investigators gut looks
at it through a different lens we're
seeing more and more of these low-tech
asymmetric attacks the trucks running
into people
a crude pipe bomb luckily failing in
Port Authority and we're going to see
more and more of them because
if there's no one watching there's no
one monitoring if there's no one
cleaning the intelligence and there is
no intelligence to put in the hands of
the operators who can stop the attacks
and liberals either don't get that or
even worse they cruelly don't care
they'll push their agenda even if it
means dead bodies of innocence
and it's high past time for us to start
putting liberals in their place to start
calling them to task and asking them
very very publicly a very simple
question are you going to continue to
put political correctness ahead of
public safety this is really important
content and I want to keep bringing it
to you please subscribe to our premium
serve at www.mediaed.org this
you
