the BC government could deny a mynheer
Kamloops and the 500 jobs and all the
revenue that comes along with it but
their reason for rejecting the project
could be based on dubious claims what if
anything could be holding premier Horgan
and his cabinet back from approving the
Ajax gold and copper mine near Kamloops
probably the local First Nations
opposition and because both the federal
and DC governments have adopted the UN
declaration of the rights of indigenous
persons or on drip some critics and even
some First Nations have said they think
Andhra may be granting a veto over
natural resource projects to First
Nations across our country at the centre
- opposition like I said is the local
First Nations and they've come out to
publicly oppose the Ajax mine project as
they call the site of the mine sacred
land they call it pizza and it includes
Jacko Lake a lake that will be
potentially filled or converted into a
tailings pond for the mine but what is
really fascinating is this very same
First Nations have not opposed the
proposed trans mountain oil pipeline
that will run through their sacred land
they struck a deal with Kinder Morgan
for about three million dollars but
while I was up in Kamloops reporting I
kept hearing from locals that Jacko Lake
was man-made that it was created by
ranchers in the 1950s and then it seemed
varying water levels over the decades
given we know there was a mine pit
opened in the 1980s for a few years at
the site of the Ajax mind that brings
into question these claims of Sacred
Lands and lakes so I simply couldn't
take that claim at face value so I dug
deeper and I found a local area news
website called info tells EA in an
article written by Glen Robin in October
2015 and it confirmed that Jacko Lake
was at the very least man enhanced
speaking to Stephen Merkel a biologist
with DFO who said quote one of the
biggest misconceptions is that this lake
is man-made it's not it's man enhanced
unquote Broughton then went on to write
quote according to ministry data the
lake has expanded three times through
agriculture and mining projects in the
area unquote so with all that in mind I
decided to take a look back at the
historical site
images of the lake on Google Earth you
know what I found
well it appears that in 1984 the lake
was just a marshy wetland then by 1988
it looks about half its current size and
you can see from this image from 1990
the exploration pits at the current age
act mine site are there along with the
mining road so we've got landed that is
too sacred for a mine but not too sacred
for an oil pipeline a sacred lake that
was enhanced by the white man and has
already seen varying water levels over
the last thirty years due to other
mining projects in the area look we want
to be very respectful of First Nations
especially here in DC where few treaties
surrounding land title have been signed
and this issue continues to be a
contentious legal and political issue in
this country but I wanted to hear from
the SSM First Nation and what they had
to say about all this so I reached out
and gave them a couple days to respond
to my questions about Jaco Lake and why
they consider it sacred and yet why they
were still going to accept three million
dollars from Kinder Morgan and support
that project but not the Ajax mine but
so far I've heard nothing back but I'll
update you if they do respond to my
questions but we've got to keep pushing
for the BC government to approve the
Ajax mine especially with these new
revelations go to approve Ajax mine dot
CA to chip in to fund our radio ads that
are sending a message to premier Horgan
and his cabinet that's approved Ajax
mine dot CA for the Ravel dot media I'm
Christopher Wilson check out my original
report and approve Ajax mine dot CA and
if you would chip in a few bucks to help
cover the cost of some radio ads we're
gonna send premier Horgan a clear
message
you
