so many moving parts in the scandal
surrounding the FBI and bias on Robert
Muller's team I'm gonna piece this
puzzle together for you the big day
today on Capitol Hill
FBI director Christopher Rea is
testifying to the House Judiciary
Committee on whether or not there was
corruption inside the FBI surrounding
the Hillary Clinton email investigation
and with regards to investigators on
Special Counsel Robert Muller's team
excuse me for my voice I've got a little
bit of a cold today I'm gonna piece all
this together for you I'm gonna tell you
about some outstanding outstanding
questions representative Jim Jordan
asked director ray at the hearing but
first I want to go back to the beginning
I want to read you a memo I found a
Department of Justice memo I found from
June of 2011 that goes to the heart of
whether or not Donald Trump was able to
fire James Comey in this memo the
Department of Justice says quote as we
have previously concluded the FBI
director is removable at the will of the
president that decision was based on a
1993 memo entitled removal of the
director of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation doesn't get any simpler
than that Democratic Senator Robert Byrd
even went on to say in reference to
President Bill Clinton removing then FBI
director William sessions quote the
director is a highly-placed figure in
the executive branch and he can be
removed by the president at any time and
for any reason that the President sees
it oh no
there was no obstruction when Trump
removed homi rump remove Comey
for lying and botching the Hillary case
he could have removed Comey because it
was raining outside and Trump didn't
like the rain the president doesn't eat
a reason to remove the FBI director this
memo was signed by a woman named Carolyn
crass who was the principal deputy
assistant attorney general high ranking
meaning Eric Holder who was running DOJ
at the time who was the AG would have
known and signed off on this this was an
Obama era memo
now what's significant about this is
Robert Muller sat for an interview as
FBI director with Donald Trump the day
before he was named a special counsel
and the conspiracy theorists out there
say well that's because Trump and Muller
were plotting against deep state and
that proves that Trump is a secret
Muller as a secret agent of Trump but
that's nonsense because in this same
memo you bring an opinion of extending
now it was what the memo I just read you
was about it was about whether or not
Barack Obama could extend Muller's term
and the gist of it the conclusion the
legal opinion was he can because the
president can fire the FBI director at
will so giving the FBI director a couple
of additional years doesn't really mean
anything cuz if he does anything
overboard the president could fire him
so this whole conspiracy theory about
Trump and Muller meeting to plot against
deep state was nonsense because one of
the reasons the conspiracy theorists use
is that
Muller term had expired he'd already
served as FBI director so he couldn't be
reappointed therefore it wasn't an
interview to reconsider him for a second
post as FBI director it must have been a
plot against Steve state if it wasn't
because in the same memo the legal
inference and I spoken illegal experts
on this is that there is no limit on how
many terms an FBI director can serve if
reappointed by the President and
reconfirmed by the Senate if he's
appointed by the president the advice
and consent of the Senate the FBI
director has no limitation on serving a
second term now why is that important
well that's critically important because
Robert Muller in all probability knew he
was already named special counsel it was
announced the next day it didn't spring
it on him that morning hey Bob your
special counsel he knew that him you're
viewed sure he discussed it meaning that
Robert Muller knowing he was gonna be
announced as special counsel the next
day sat the day prior for a meeting with
Donald Trump under false pretenses and
if Muller went into the meeting with
Donald Trump with Trump thinking it was
a sort of a dog and pony show must-do
interview for FBI director cuz some
people said hey talk to Muller
if Trump weren't in the meeting thinking
that's all it was but Muller went in as
special counsel hoping to get a
statement from Trump or an improper
question for
Trump didn't notify Trump but he had
already been appointed special counsel
didn't give Trump the benefit of his own
counsel well man that is one of the most
improper things I've ever heard of in
any investigation and would be grounds
to shut this entire thing down from day
one it should be shut down anyway cuz
we're gonna go through why but that is
so bad that is beyond any of the worst
prosecutorial and investigative
misconduct I've ever heard and I suspect
that's exactly what happened and exactly
why Muller pushed for that meeting or
Trump was pushed to take that meeting
now we know about all the players on the
team on Muller's team who have been
proven to be biased most notably Peter
stroke and we're gonna get in just a few
moments to what representative Jim
Jordan asked FBI director Christopher
Rea about stroke and the bomb show
Jordan dropped which I thought was
outstanding he's a rock star
well after Peter stroke we found out
that one of the top lawyers on Muller's
team venom Andrew Weissman wrote to
Sally Yates the acting Attorney General
that Donald Trump fired were not
upholding his travel ban for refusing to
enforce his travel ban Andrew Weissman
wrote to her after Trump fired her I am
so proud and in awe thank you so much
all my deepest respects he refused to
enforce the travel ban the United States
Supreme Court just a few days ago found
perfectly constitutional and upheld with
a few minor revisions well after we
found that about Weissman we found about
another troubling detail one of the
special council members Jeannine Rhee
another one of the prosecutors on Muller
staff represented Obama national
security advisor Ben Rhodes deputy
national security advisor Ben Rhodes is
misanthrope on Twitter who just pushes
Obama and Hillary's agenda but even
worse even though one of the prosecutors
special prosecutors against team Trump
represented members of Team Hillary
guess who's a law firm she worked for at
the time she did it while she worked for
a law firm named Wilmer Hale where
Robert Muller was a partner in short
Robert Muller's law firm defended Team
Hillary in the Benghazi hearings it
doesn't get any worse
same Judiciary Committee that today is
is questioning FBI director Christopher
Rea is going to next week on December
13th question Deputy Attorney General
and essentially acting Attorney General
since Jeff sessions has recused himself
from all this rod Rosenstein but I have
no faith in Rosenstein either because
just yesterday Wednesday he told NBC
News that he has faith in Muller
he thinks mullahs doing a great job he
thinks Muller is fair and impartial
now what did representative Jim Jordan
say today that really changed my opinion
on everything well representative Jordan
asked Christopher Rea something very
smart and very intricate now earlier in
the in the hearing Christopher I
testified director I testified that it
would not be grounds for removal for an
FBI to merely send a text with a
political opinion even to his mistress
the representative Jordan basically said
well everybody on mullahs team is
anti-trump everybody on mullahs team
probably has sent anti-trump texts and
emails so if that wasn't grounds for
removal from an assignment
why was Peter stroke really removed and
Jordan went on to say I believe it's
because he was the guy who delivered a
steel dossier through the FISA Court to
get a FISA warrant to surveil members of
Team Trump that led to the unmasking of
US persons that led to the investigation
that led to the Special Counsel and if
that's what happened if a senior FBI
counterintelligence official Peter
stroke handled opposition research for
Team Hillary up to and including a FISA
Court and FISA warrant and this is what
I said it was the other day one of the
greatest scandals in American political
history there was another detail that
came out of this hearing that bothered
me very much Christopher a was asked a
question about the changing of Hillary
Clinton's culpability from gross
negligence to extremely careless and he
said well they're pretty darn close
except they're not grossly negligent is
a is a is a level of criminal
culpability extremely careless is a
platitude one brings a conviction the
other one brings a shrug
so it was very disheartening to hear
director a say that I truly believe I
truly truly believe we are witnessing
and I've said it before the worst
corruption scandal in American law
enforcement and prosecutorial history if
you like this content I want to keep
bringing it to you please subscribe to
our premium service at www.mediaed.org
this
you
