Germany is now offering Syrian migrant
families 3000 euros to go home that
might sound like a lot of money it's
about 4,500 bucks Canadian but of course
it's a fraction of a sliver of what it
costs to settle those refugees in the
West it's six figures minimum 3 grand in
euros 4500 bucks as a bargain and that's
if you're only counting economic costs
the social costs of misfit migrants in
the West is enormous just in terms of
crime and the infusion of Sharia culture
so Justin Trudeau rushed in 40,000
poorly vetted poorly screened Syrian
migrants to Canada it has not been a
success it's been almost 2 years and the
unemployment rate for these migrants is
still 90% plus they haven't learned
English or French in the main they have
no skills most of them don't even have a
high school degree and that's a Syrian
high school
not exactly useful all over here they're
all the food banks there they're
economically without hope they're
jamming up our food banks they're on
welfare I always think of this guy I've
shown you several times
he's a Syrian migrant stuck in Atlantic
Canada
no friends no English no one speaks
Arabic he's got no job his those skills
he just sits on his porch all day
smoking and drinking coffee as you know
this particular man was later convicted
of beating his wife for half an hour
with a hockey stick and he actually told
the court that he didn't know that was
illegal in Canada because Trudeau
certainly didn't tell him or the other
40,000 Syrian migrants no one apparently
told this Syrian migrant that you can't
grope young men at the water park no one
apparently told this Syrian migrant that
you can't grope young women at the water
park so yeah there is a cultural misfit
too they have a rape culture in Syria
I'm sorry if you don't cover up a woman
in the personal body bag either a hijab
or in a cab
you're signalling that she's ray pible
bring in 40,000 people from that kind of
culture don't be shocked if they live
how they were always lived and if our
police and prosecutors and judges just
call it vibrant diversity that's what
they said to the man in Windsor not a
day in jail but seriously as I've always
do when I see that old man drinking
coffee and smoking
bored out of his mind lonely useless and
feeling useless and it's not good for a
man to feel useless I hate him because
he's a wife-beater but in another way I
am sympathetic to that man because we
brought him here we recruited him we
told him it was great here he'd love it
here he'd fit in here this was a place
for him no no I'm sorry it's not the
food the climate the language the
culture the economy the people I'm sorry
it has not been a fit for him at all
that's what he says - or most of the
$40,000 Trudeau rest here
90% of them still not working now it's
better to live in an alien place lonely
and bored and out of sorts than to be
killed by Isis but that is over now it's
done it's safe to go back home now no
need to come here anymore and sit on the
porch all day bored problem solved
by Russian and American jets and bombs
and soldiers not by the United Nations
by Putin and Trump not by Trudeau and
Obama if Germany itself is paying
Syrians 3,000 euros to go back
why don't we that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
