all right everyone welcome to pure
Hollywood I am with award-winning actor
acted in dozens of movies professionals
you know ward winning writers well he is
the Sultan of sarcasm God's smart aleck
or as like to calm gods accident you can
follow my twitter at actor comment also
Michael Joyner dot-com all the good
stuff is there Michael how you doing man
great man how you doing been doing
alright you know living in LA is always
a little bit stressful house Kansas City
on not as stressful we don't have the
405 but we got plenty hillbillies yeah
it's kind of like middle America Hawaii
it's like Kansas City I love it here
though I'm good good man good man well
for anyone that does not know Michael
Joyner obviously now they know what you
do but give us a little bit about what
you are what you're about all that good
stuff well it's hard to say whether I'm
an actor first or comedian first I
started my acting from my comedy career
so I'm film TV actors you know we've
worked together and stuff mm-hmm
stand-up comedian for 25 years I work
clean I also I started in the church but
I'm not a Christian comedian I'm a
comedian who happens to be Christian
there is there's a difference there's
never a thing with my acting okay I
don't want to get pigeonholed into that
but and I'm also a filmmaker I guess I'm
writing my own scripts working with
someone else writing my own scripts and
gonna direct and produce them and as you
know producing very probably the
toughest part of filmmaking but once you
finally you know get into it and break
that wall and get those investors it
comes a little easier yeah it's nice
when you can do your own thing cuz I
mean as you know cuz you've you know
worked in LA worked all over the place
Christian community secular community
all like it's tough it's nice when you
get to choose your own work and design
yourself some of your passion about I
absolutely love that and I can't wait to
see the stuff you come out with and I do
want to ask you a little bit about that
too because you do perform a lot because
you are can meet a clean comedian and
you've been a lot of Christian movies
but specifically when it comes to comedy
because of all the crazy stuff going on
with PC culture how is that to balance
like the Christian community that
follows you because you know there's
some there's some
buttons with the Christian community
that they're like that I'm not okay with
that kind of language or that kind of
comment how hard is making content that
is actually clean and Christian and is
that more difficult than trying to be a
comedian now in the PC culture where
everyone is outraged about everything
oh my gosh yell I mean I can go on and
on for on that subject but here's the
thing it's really not there's so much
stuff out there there's so much stuff
that practically writes itself and not
even taking away all the crazy stuff in
the news I mean eventually a comedian
trains their mind to see stuff you you
know and then you I mean I could almost
see stuff and write at least a general
punchline something has potential to be
funny that day you know and then I just
work on it and make it and perfect it
and you got to put it in your routine
where does it go but as you know you
just got married so there's something
every day something every day and that's
not a put-down on my wife often times of
something I do it's just the funny stuff
of marriage and um so there's that
there's fast-food drive-through there's
the way people drive there's Facebook oh
my gosh the crazy things Facebook and
Twitter so it's there's an endless
amount of stuff and to be honest some of
the best comedians in the world Jim
Gaffigan Brian Reagan Jerry Seinfeld are
clean and I think they're more clever
because a lot of times the people who
aren't clean some of them are funny
Chris Rock is funny regardless but a lot
of people they're joke hinges cuffs word
or penis joke I hope I can say that and
that's really not funny you take out
these shocked you don't have a joke you
know so I was said like the best comedy
is intelligent comedy making a great
observation about something but I feel
like now that is stifled like even
people like Jerry Seinfeld's refusing to
go to college campuses because he's like
they can't take a joke is that gonna can
can't can Comi recover from that you
know man I hope so because that's the
one you need to not touch comedians
we're we take a set up and we exaggerate
it and oh there's some things that don't
need to be exaggerated
and talking about liberals yeah I am Oh
feel free feel free you know that's what
I'm talking about liberalism and
liberals and the crazy stuff the
backwards in this of it all oh my gosh
talk about swallowing a net and choking
on a camel I mean nothing so I mean
there's stuff that hardly writes
I mean that writes itself I can't not
notice it I have a joke for it that I do
only in clubs
I don't can I kind of get a little edgy
here Oh feel free okay it's based on a
true story bin and I've done it in clubs
and people every of every denominator or
whatever they laugh at it but when they
find out that it might come from a
conservative point of view then there's
a little bit offended that well maybe he
wrote he meant that joke here's how the
joke goes based on a true story went to
a huh I'll tell you the joke my high
school reunion not too long ago and
there is a there was a girl named named
Michelle used to the name used to be
named Michael yeah got the operation cut
it off shows up at their high school
reunion with no penis I almost stayed
home cuz I didn't have a nice shirt so
that's the joke it's hilarious because
when that happened and it did happen and
I changed the names I said I got it I'm
a comedian I have to notice this and I
have to say how it makes me feel and the
truth was I almost did stay home because
I'd have a nice shirt but here's a
person shows up with no whoohoo and
they're fine it's all what's the joke
the joke is obvious but what's the
lesson where's the shame anymore where's
the shame so when people start thinking
about that joke they go wait a second is
he saying what I think he's saying then
they don't want to laugh because they
might I might be saying something I'm
saying if an audience member laughs and
so they found some type of comedy and
enjoyment in it their friend over there
can be like way to see condone that does
he believe that's wrong and all sudden
it's like that social justice Gestapo is
on you and you're being attacked because
you laughed at a joke oh yeah I mean and
here you have Jerry Seinfeld who's not
even a conservative okay necessarily but
he just wants to get a little fetus he's
observational like me and he notices
stuff he wants to be able to mention for
instance the big subject cross-dressing
or men using women's bathrooms he wants
to be able to talk about that how feel
but he can't even mention it you have
comedians like oh gosh Norman Donald who
I think is the greatest comedian ever
fantastic yeah just a pure genius and
he's got to be very careful where he
does his study he don't care anymore
though I mean you saw like Dave
Chappelle got destroyed on SNL because
he said let's give the president a
chance we're doing that just for
stepping outside the party line he was
like drug through the mud yeah it's a
shame
so that's why I have a comedy show I'm
doing called make America laugh again
I'm hoping that we can bring together
all political beliefs and do the one
thing we usually agree upon what we can
laugh at because like I said Ben I do
that joke at clubs and everybody laughs
but if later on they find out I'm a
conservative they suddenly reconsider
should I have laughed at that mm-hmm
you know maybe he meant that in a worse
way than I thought it's all it's a joke
it's always a joke when you're comedian
okay um to be honest sometimes when
you're liberal liberal comedian it's not
always a joke there are the ones
crossing lines assuming everybody in the
audience is pro-abortion Pro this Pro
that anti Trump and yet they can say
their stuff and get away with it stuff
that really isn't even funny it's just a
political statement yet it's really the
people who say want to speak the truth
about crazy stuff who are the ones who
they try to shame us you know yeah I
really want to ask you specifically
about this later but I just wanted to
get into her on topic but what what I
want to talk to a comedian like yourself
who's been in four years gone all across
the country and then there was the big
stir obviously with Kathy Griffin when
she held up the head of Trump and she
got some backlash now as a comedian what
was your perspective on that
first of all Kathy Griffin is not funny
that's one thing liberals in
conservatives all agree upon she is not
funny how she ever got gets booked
anywhere is because she's got some
celebrity status and they think again
shock is funny huh it's not obviously
she thought that was funny then she came
up she did that thing where they excuse
it neck lay I didn't mean this
you meant exactly that okay we know what
you meant you wish the guy was dead and
you wish someone chopped off his head so
now she's on I don't know if you've
noticed you probably ya know she's all
that Charlie McCarthy doll the Mortimer
Snerd
look up Mortimer Snerd with red hair and
freckles and it's about that big I don't
know if the lady's not eating or
whatever but um well I guess stuff right
now I'm not going to say I thought that
was just you know there's gonna be back
light but stuff like that obviously made
us turn it around and what if I did that
with Obama oh you'd be able to be over
yeah and so like obviously there's
there's consequences to everything but
like something that's still alive
portraying the person is dead and the
Isis style beheading is pretty awful so
that was my opinion as I'm glad that we
agreed on that all right if you like
this video and others like it please
consider becoming a premium member to
the rebel that way you'll have first
access to pure Hollywood and the entire
rebel lineup
