so riddle me this why is it okay to
pretend to be an American Indian but
it's not okay to make a joke about
someone pretending to be an American
Indian gee could the answer be it all
depends on one's political leanings well
the latest howls of outrage from the
left and they're useful idiots in the
media pertains to Donald Trump's recent
speech in which he honored Navajo War
veterans a last present Trump had the
audacity to refer to senator Elizabeth
Warren as well somebody else you were
here long before any of us were here
although we have a representative in
Congress who they say was here a long
time ago
they call her Pocahontas but you know
what I like you whoa whoa stop the clock
did Trump just call senator Elizabeth
Warren Pocahontas
how dare the president make a joke about
wonder Warren's native ancestry and
check out the mainstream media's
hysterical reaction to trump the
independent actually found somebody who
believes this joke could be grounds for
impeachment
yeah because after all Trump is an
insensitive buffoon while Warren is the
epitome of class and honor indeed to
check out lady Warren addressing the
Democratic National Convention last year
now we are here tonight because America
faces a choice the choice of a new
president on one side is a man who
inherited a fortune from his father and
kept it going by cheating people by
skipping out on debts a man who has
never sacrificed anything for anyone a
man who cares only for himself every
minute of every day wow talk about hood
spot the idea of an Elizabeth Warren
lecturing anyone on cheating that's kind
of kin to the Buffalo Bills advising
football teams on how to win a Super
Bowl
that's because Elizabeth Warren is not
who she says she is
even though she still pathetically
clings to the utter falsehood that she's
part native-american 1/16 or 1/32
Cherokee if memory serves you know I
think I might be 1/16 Cherokee too
because I once drove a Jeep Grand
Cherokee regardless Breitbart news
exposed Warren as a fraud years ago you
see Warren so-called proof that she's a
Native American is town right
embarrassing one piece of her now
debunked evidence is the inclusion of
Warren family recipes in something
called the powwow Chow cookbook this
book was published by the Five Civilized
tribes Museum in 1984 the books
publishers claimed all the recipes in
the book were contributed by descendents
of the Five Civilized tribes Cherokee
Chickasaw Choctaw Creek and Seminole but
check this out Breitbart news reported
that two of the recipes contributed by
Warren as evidence of her Cherokee
heritage were nearly identical to those
from a 1979 New York Times News Service
article she plagiarism to a Warren
second piece of debunked evidence as
they purported 1894 marriage license
application which were said to list her
great-great-grandmother as Native
American just one hitch however this
document doesn't appear to exist but it
gets worse much worse actually because
some very tangible evidence was reported
not long ago that implicates Warren's
great-great great-grandfather Jonathan
Crawford as being a member of the
Tennessee militia in the 1830s this
militia rounded up the local charity as
the first step in their forced Trail of
Tears journey to Oklahoma so far from
being an Indian it appears that warns
ancestors were folks who are all about
eliminating Indians and yet inexplicably
the mainstream media gives this new
public face of the Democratic Party a
pass when it comes to repeated falsified
claims of native heritage yet when
someone has the temerity to mocker for
making
such bogus claims well it's time to get
the impeachment process rolling isn't it
sorry comrades your sights are focused
on the wrong target instead of shooting
the man ridiculing someone for being a
fake Indian how about going after the
woman who faked being an Indian so that
she could embrace affirmative action
programs that were meant to help real
Indians or is that simply too logical to
comprehend for the rebel dot media I'm
David the men's ID Menzies hey folks the
rebel has an all-new fall lineup please
visit the rebel dot media slash shows
and check it out
you
