hey welcome back as I mentioned
yesterday US President Donald Trump
retweeted three short videos the other
day showing muscle atrocities including
a video of Isis terrorists throwing
young boys off a rooftop presumably
because they're gay but instead of the
world being outraged by what they saw in
the videos they were outraged by the
fact that Trump dared to retweet the
videos at all and it wasn't just insane
leftists here's the so-called
conservative Prime Minister of the
United Kingdom Theresa May on the issue
of radical Islam British Muslims are
peaceful and law-abiding people who have
themselves being the subject of acts and
the victims of acts of terror by the
far-right there are those who conduct
acts of terror in the name of Islam but
it is not in the name of Islam so
British Muslims have not committed
terrorism they just haven't and if
they've done so in the name of Islam it
wasn't in the name of Islam what in fact
she says the Terrorism that we ought to
be concerned about is the anti Muslim
terrorism in the UK that has been done
by the far-right yes sir is there anyone
who has committed terrorism in the UK in
the past decade who wasn't a Muslim
terrorist now a generation ago was the
Irish Republican Army but that's not
what Mae said she said that
right-wingers have been terrorizing
Muslims not the other way around now she
is not a stupid woman she knows there
are 23,000 jihadi 's walking the streets
of the United Kingdom another attack is
imminent the Muslim Mayor of London
himself says just accept it it's part
and parcel of life in London now but she
really said that Muslims do not do
terrorism right-wingers do I'm sorry
someone who says that lie shouldn't just
be fired for lying they should be fired
for putting the entire country and
obvious danger
hey guys if you haven't been to London
in a while or ever go now take your kids
even if they're young go see Buckingham
Palace go see Trafalgar Square
Parliament big band go see the bridges
Tower of London go see you now because
the London you have read about your
whole life that London is almost gone
because Britain's leaders are letting it
go that's an excerpt from my daily TV
show the yeas relevant show normally
it's behind a paywall but I thought
you'd like this video so we put it on
YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
