sometimes no matter how hard you try you
just can't transform evil into good case
in point British child killer Jon
Venables is back in the news apparently
even though the UK's prison system has
invested some five million pounds into
his rehabilitation
Venables remains a monster and even
though he's being convicted of yet more
heinous crimes don't expect this
particular monster to lose any of his
state sanctioned privileges including a
secret identity who can forget the story
of James Bulger the two-year-old who was
snatched during a shopping trip in
Merseyside England by a pair of 10 year
olds Jon Venables and Robert Thompson
that grainy image captured on
closed-circuit TV of little Jamie being
led out the shopping mall by Venables to
his impending doom continues to haunt us
all some twenty four years later
Venables and Thompson would be charged
and convicted of torturing and murdering
Bulger Jamie endured so many injuries to
his tiny body that even the coroner was
unable to determine which injury proved
to be the fatal blow Venables and
Thompson were supposed to be imprisoned
for a very long time but in 1999 the
European Commission on Human Rights
somehow found that the deal had be
denied a fair trial and fair sentencing
that's right a left-leaning Human Rights
Commission was going to bat for trash
that had tortured and murdered a toddler
based on a technicality the interference
by this kangaroo court put the wheels on
motion to release Venables and Thompson
in 2001 not only that but the killers
won an unprecedented court order
granting them anonymity for the rest of
their miserable lives and so it was when
they were released from prison they had
new secret identities it was kind of
like the witness protection program
except in Reverse as the bad guys were
the ones being protected weird it is
rumoured that Thompson now lives in
either Canada or Australia he's managed
to stay off the radar but Venables or
whatever his name is these days well he
just keeps
getting into trouble there was a drunken
street fight there was possession of
cocaine oh and possession and
distribution of child pornography lovely
he got two years in the slammer for that
bust but he was released in 2013 and yes
his state sanctioned anonymity remains
intact actually he was given a second
secret identity in cases first one had
been compromised but clearly he hasn't
learned his lesson because recently
Venables was convicted yet again on more
child porn charges
Jamie's heartbroken mother Denise has
slammed the left leading do-gooders
running the UK Prison Service for quote
covering up a vile perverted psychopath
end quote and Jamie's father Ralph has
remarked you can't rewire evil noting
that it is time to finally strip
Venables of his anonymity but naturally
at some point
Venables will be released to prey on
other innocent victims it's what he does
yet now that Venables is an adult surely
the time has come to honor the wishes of
Ralph Bulger and strip Venables of his
anonymity
how can anyone make a case for giving
the worst of the worst the kid gloves
treatment and the special privileges how
can anyone advocate that such a predator
is deserving of endless second chances
and with more than 10 million dollars
going into the rehabilitation of this
killer who continues to offend Andrea
fend just where is the ROI the return on
investment this individual is a parasite
in more ways than one but apparently
some see nothing wrong in how the Bulger
case has unfolded consider Deborah ORS
recent column in The Guardian entitled
Society did right by James Bulger
skillers she actually seems to be
sympathetic toward Venables noting that
quote maybe Venables is less able to
close the door on his past precisely
because his guilt and shame are greater
end quote well that's a new one but
hypothetical question time would an O so
forgiving liberal like Deborah or be so
clinically detached if the victim had
been her
child i really wonder and although this
is a british story the folly of
embracing the left hug a thug mentality
has wide reaching ramifications in other
words how does that old line go again
about old dogs new tricks for the rebel
media i'm david the men's lloyd Menzies
hey folks the rebel has an all-new fall
lineup please visit the rebel dot media
slash shows and check it out
you
