on top of all that she is a diplomat
she's a Canadian Minister so she
presumably she has a diplomatic passport
it really doesn't make sense that the
Trudeau government wouldn't just be able
to prioritize the the fixing of this
problem saying you know this person is a
cabinet minister they need to travel on
international unofficial business you
know fix a problem right now instead you
know 14 months later and first of all
her office is refusing to say whether or
not she's traveled internationally since
the scandal broke and what passport
she's using the symptoms are that they
would be so secretive I mean if someone
were to say as review left Canada I'd
say yes or no or I might say none of
your business but if she's a cabinet
minister for the country it is our
business by definition they're just
refusing to answer how could you look
more guilty than not even answering such
a basic question exactly exactly mrs.
this happened to me a year ago when I
was asking all these questions questions
about how she was able to travel to Iran
when she went what type of passport she
is it took her office about a week to
get back to me and the fact that it took
them that long to answer a pretty
straightforward question makes me think
that there's a lot more going on behind
the scenes and it's the same thing with
with this issue
essentially the stories that we're
reading are saying that in order to get
a new passport you have to have
documentation so your citizenship papers
are your birth certificate that matches
the information that you want on your
passport so it makes me wonder you know
perhaps it's because there is more
problems there's deeper problems when it
comes to obtaining her birth certificate
and going back and finding her
citizenship papers and remember as where
there was also an issue because the
Trudeau government was routinely
stripping citizenship revoking
citizenship from individuals who had
lied and cheated to become Canadian
citizens and so there was a appearance
of a double standard if Miriam Asif had
done the same thing if she had applied
to come to Canada with false information
she would never confirm whether or not
the information on her citizenship
application her refugee application was
false but given this delay I mean that
it's looking more and
like that that perhaps is the case
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show no one leaves
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
