I'm just outside of Kamloops BC not far
from the site of the proposed Ajax
golden copper mine the proposed mine is
set to bring 500 full-time jobs during
its planned twenty three year life span
1200 additional construction jobs 400
million in tax revenues and yearly 3.8
million dollars in direct payments to
the city of Kamloops the polish company
behind the mine got word on November
20th that the British Columbia
environmental assessment office had
granted their approval which means
premier John Horgan and the BC NDP
cabinet have 45 days to approve or
reject this project as with all resource
development in this province the Ajax
mine has seen heated arguments locally
in camels from both those who support
and those who are against the project
while the proposed project does not fall
within the Kamloops city limits City
Council voted against supporting the
project local First Nations have also
come out in opposition indicating the
mine site has spiritual significance and
is considered sacred land with
uncertainty about how the NDP will
implement the UN Declaration of the
Rights of Indigenous Peoples that has
left many to believe First Nations will
be granted a veto for projects like this
however those opposed have been met by
at least one activist fighting to see
the mind built Caroline King is a local
Kamloops resident who started the
support Ajax mine Facebook page a page
which now has more support than the Stop
Ajax mine Facebook page I just didn't
get the claims so I thought we needed to
have a way to support the proposal let's
see if we can get the proposal from A to
Z let's find out if it's doable and if
it's doable
I just don't think we can afford to
ignore those kinds of opportunities in
BC at this time it's all-encompassing
it's a large projects like this pay into
our non profit society like no other
business anywhere they when you have a
good root system of a resource-based
economy everything else sort of comes
naturally small business flourishes
bigger businesses are able to move into
smaller areas you get housing
development you get
better education opportunities it's all
sort of part of one thing but without
that strong base in our province which
is what we have grown on which is what
we are about we don't get to have all
those extra benefits that come as a
result of that I asked King about
concerns over air quality if other mines
in the area like the Highland Valley
copper mine had caused health issues and
the proximity of the Ajax mine site to
the city of Kamloops so what I know of
growing up in mining is that we have
some of the mace or the safest mining
anywhere in the world right here right
here in Canada companies can only do
what we allow them to do in our country
and what I would suggest to people who
are afraid of the dust sure the dust is
going to be an issue there's there's
dust issues around mining right we can
mitigate those issues the way we do at
other mines in the areas and what I
would say to those health concerns are
if if that dust is going to create such
a death and and despair then why are we
not seeing huge lineups of cancer
patients and asthma sufferers and COPD
patients because there are not one
cluster on record with high Novelli
copper not in five decades that they've
been recording so I think we need to get
back to a common-sense approach let's
look at real evidence in our backyard
and let's not cave into propaganda built
on personal agenda let's just look at
real fact and build our opinions from
there over the past two years British
Columbia has seen the Northern Gateway
pipeline killed over 50 billion in LNG
investments evaporate the trans mountain
pipeline is now being held up in a post
by our new NDP government and the site
see dam is in jeopardy as well from the
Trudeau liberals to John Horgan and the
NDP to Vancouver Mayor Gregor Robertson
political offices at all levels in
Canada see formidable opposition to
Responsible resource development Pat
Wallace is a 31 year city councillor in
Kamloops and she was the lone vote of
support for the Ajax mine on council I
asked her why she supports this project
for the benefits that would come to
Kamloops in the form of jobs and in the
form of a good community benefit package
that was worth three hundred three three
point eight million dollars a year or a
hundred million over 25 years and that
didn't cover any infrastructure this was
just a separate deal well we don't have
an abundance of
and we have a lot of workers that work
for $15 an hour and I'm not being
critical of that but that doesn't pay
the rent and the mortgage for the
majority of people and we know we are a
province of resources and the fact that
we don't extract them without terrible
protests and debates and arguments it's
just incredible and we all want clean
air we all have clean air I have had
allergies for fifteen years I don't have
a tribute it to anything except age and
the environment so when we go back to
the opportunity of having 400 plus jobs
great community benefits package all I
wanted them to do was make it to the
environmental stage to see if they could
pass the environmental standards we
didn't do that and I think we've erred
badly and we I believe we've erred on
behalf of the taxpayers that supported
us this is councillor Wallace's final
term serving the people of Kamloops
people who she says support the Ajax
mind
despite the vocal minority against so we
spent a couple hours on the streets of
Kamloops asking residents how they feel
about this project the benefits and the
concerns we need we need the jobs we
need the economy we you know we got to
extract the resources know there's towns
that like when Flon Manitoba where the
pet was right in the center town they
built the town around the pit so the
miners could walk to work but I'm
worried about the dust I think because
we live in a valley
we have enough settling dust and other
pollutants and we just don't need to add
more so you know and then the off swing
jobs they're gonna come from that
you know the suppliers and things like
that I'm just gonna bring a lot of money
into cameras despite it loud and well
coordinated campaign against this mind I
got the sense that many locals are in
favor every day people want this mine
but after losing over fifty billion in
LNG proposals and potentially billions
more if the NDP killed the Kinder Morgan
pipeline expansion and the site see dam
this province desperately needs a win so
we are launching a campaign at approve
Ajax of mine CA to let premier Horgan
and the BC NDP know this mine needs
approval we can do that by putting out
really great high impact radio ads on
the airwaves to get their attention will
tell the NDP that Kamloops and other
area locals and businesses want this
mine and the jobs that come with it will
you pitch in to help cover the cost of
this campaign to help get the word out
we think it will cost about two thousand
dollars for the radio ads and about five
hundred dollars more for travel no other
media company will travel to talk to
real people affected by this mine if you
believe in what we're doing telling the
other side of the story
you can help pitch in and our reporting
efforts at approve Ajax mine dot CA for
the rebel media I'm Christopher Wilson
thanks so much for watching you know if
you want to pitch in that would be most
appreciated that approve Ajax mine dot
CA you can also become a premium member
of the rebel check it out the rebel dot
media slash shows
you
