amanda had the hollywood conservative is
joining me we're gonna be talking about
the sexual harassment scandals and the
uproar over Trump calling Elizabeth
Warren Pocahontas
Amanda head is with me we have so much
to talk about we've got to talk about
Matt Lauer being fired this morning
didn't even plan that when I booked
Amanda we've got to talk about Nancy
Pelosi calling John Conyers an icon who
protected women in Nancy Pelosi and
Chuck Schumer acting like little
crybabies Amanda how is it bowing you're
in the deep south right now Margie
you're not Alabama I am I'm in
Birmingham Alabama I'm with my folks for
another day and then I head back to
Hollywood tomorrow with a sore throat
and cough in tow but here's the thing
you know I'm going to Hollywood tomorrow
I'm interested to see what the climate
is there yeah but to be honest like you
know the the bubble that I exist in in
Hollywood III don't cat around with
these types of people I've never
experienced sexual assault but let me
let me ask you why first of all you so
you were never sexually abused by Matt
Lauer no okay we got that out of the way
we're good well and it does help when
you have things like this around Amen
sister you know now obviously this is
some I guess this is considered a carry
weapon in California if you are Andre
the Giant right right fifty Cal Smith
and Wesson Magnum but you know I so much
of this has been coming out and it
actually makes me uncomfortable and I'm
gonna say something very unpopular here
that a lot of people aren't going to
like what's new but I'm growing
increasingly uncomfortable with this
current climate where as soon as you are
accused of something you are fired your
relationship exactly right so let me let
me go to that for a second right because
this look if these allegations are true
they should pay big the those the abuse
those accused if the allegations are
true should pay big that she faced
criminal charges etc but what the hell
happened to due process now look I can
be intellectually dishonest all day and
say hang Matt Lauer hi
you know metaphorically speaking because
he's on the left etc but as a human
being who believes in the rule of law we
know one of two things here either it
was a knee-jerk reaction or the
allegations were substantiated they were
leveled a little bit ago NBC thoroughly
investigated and found him to be a
really terrible reprehensible guy now
I'm going with the second I'm gonna go
with the latter only because IRAs got a
lot of money Lara has very good lawyers
at his disposal
if NBC just knee-jerk fired him flowered
would have a nine figure claim against
them I don't think they would have been
that impetuous I think there's something
there in this particular case I don't
think so either and and you know the
left has now created this climate for
news organizations that as soon as
allegations are made something
immediately has to be done as far as
judicial process they have to
immediately investigate and and in
oftentimes I don't know if this is one
of those cases but they have to
preemptively proffer a verdict and if
they did that and if they if they went
through the process they investigated
all these things thoroughly although you
know the this is one of those instances
it's so hard to prove these things and
that's what sucks about sexual assault
it's very much look I I work these cases
in law enforcement it's in many cases if
you don't get DNA impossible to
conclusively prove a rape exactly we do
it we are precedent is to believe the
victim which is a good precedent but
look we know that DNA when DNA came
around 20-some odd years ago it
exonerated a lot of guys that have been
sitting in prison for rape because there
were no signs of force there was no
tearing I don't be too graphic but but
it was solely it was solely relied on
was the victims testimony and innocent
people went to jail and I think you're a
hundred percent right you nail an
important point there
if you can't substantiate allegations we
can't go ruining people's names careers
and reputations on the on the word of
one alleged victim right and this is why
I mean you're in Alabama so we have to
touch on more look I don't know if Roy
Moore did these things but when I weigh
them from an evidentiary standpoint when
I
value and weight the evidence I can't
ruin man's life on 40 year old
allegations and a yearbook that they
won't submit for forensic analysis there
are just too many suspicious aspects to
the Roy Moore thing right things that
you know are definitely politically
expedient for many on the left and even
some on the right so you know if I'm if
I'm going to step forward as I did a few
months ago when this stuff started or
last month when it came to light if I'm
going to step forward and say I don't
necessarily believe these women about
Roy Moore I have to do the same well
with Conyers it's kind of you know it's
coming the dead body coming they're not
really denying it but let me go to your
personal history all right so you're an
attractive woman you're in the music
business now you're in Hollywood you're
getting prominence on Fox News you do a
lot of TV you guest-hosted my radio show
you guess that you sit in host so you've
got a brand you centered hose for other
shows you're going to these parties
you're socializing that maybe not in
your personal circle of friends but you
are exposed to the Hollywood culture but
what I do know about you is that you
also carry yourself like a girl from
Alabama who carries a gun you don't
carry yourself like a girl starstruck in
Hollywood so do you think that has
something to do with it what do you
think what do you think it is that that
prevented you from being victimized is
it where you decided to socialize or the
way you carry yourself or all of the
above
it's a number of factors and I'm gonna
get myself in a heap of trouble right
now but no I want to go there I want to
get controversial go ahead go you mean
but there I think that that there are
personality factors that come into play
I don't know what your FCC guidelines
are regarding this show but I don't take
any bleep I never have I don't take it
from any people higher up I don't take
it from people on my level I don't take
it from anyone lower than me it also has
to do with and you know Mike Pence got
raked over the coals for this but my dad
has been in corporate America for forty
five years he has had the same
relationship since he started and my dad
nor Mike Pence would ever be accused of
anything like this because they don't go
to dinner one-on-one with people who
they don't have you know a history with
as like a family friend or a college
they don't put themselves
those situations and me as a female I
don't either you have to be and it's not
like a moral high-ground situation it's
being smart about your business and your
brand look it's being smart and careful
right I mean I would never that's what I
said to someone the other day I said I
since I've been on air right I'm a
famous guy but I've got a brand right
and people want to come and always try
to knock you off your perch and and
monetize your brand or take it away from
you you've got to be very careful maybe
it's the cop in me to not put yourself
in positions where you going to get
jammed up yeah circling back to the Matt
Lauer thing if these allegations are
true he you know NBC is a very very
close family of colleagues and Matt
Lauer I think he started January 6th or
7th of 1997 so he was about to reach 20
years at the network so I always find it
hard to believe when women who who have
had a close relationship with someone
for this long I find it hard to believe
that they never saw any indicators or
knew nothing or ever heard anything or
didn't have a cup of coffee or a glass
of wine with somebody who rolled their
eyes when he walked by it is completely
it's not credible it's implausible and
it's ridiculously tough to believe it's
a switch gears let's go over to the
political side John Conyers now I I've
been hearing stories about Conyers for
years but not even on the sexual
harassment side that was an open secret
if you spent any time in DC but just
corrupt heavy-handed people forget that
in 2010 his wife was convicted on
federal bribery charges did 37 months in
a federal prison right we're not even
hearing about that but you've got Nancy
Pelosi you've got Nancy Pelosi out there
it's housing all of these liberal values
and she cares about women it protects
women and there's a war on women etc she
calls the guy an icon and actually has
the audacity look into a camera a few
days ago and say he's done a lot of
maybe paraphrasing a bit he's done a lot
to protect women forget your
conservative leanings yes John as a
woman with a brain what do you what do
you say to Nancy Pelosi this is Bill
Clinton all over again these these are
women within his party for purposes of
political expediency coming to their
side and saying oh but they did this
that they did this it
it's no different from these men in
Hollywood who claimed that they were
champions of women and women's rights
and women's you know all of this stuff
and yet they were assaulting women
behind closed doors hope the hold on
good point not to cut you off Bill
Clinton was a young incredibly powerful
popular President of the United States
Conyers is an 88 year old Michigan
congressman nowhere near the power of in
the minority party right now he's a
Democratic Party is no power the ars are
gonna pick up seats in the midterms why
go to bat for this guy I mean this is a
guy you throw under the bus to save face
what do you think was is the motive
behind that he's a he's a legacy
Democrat basically but I also think part
of it is you know she's not doing this
with him it's surprising to me because
you know he and he's on his way out
right I know he's 88 years old I mean
he's probably on his way out in every
aspect
yeah or you right or it's just that
she'll protect the D brand at all cost
she had protected M brand at all cost
but she looks like an absolute fool and
the boat I think it's the Botox and the
faceless that are pulling everything and
okay so got to go to another prominent
female Democrat Elizabeth Warren
everybody's up in arms about Trump call
her Pocahontas I almost hit a guardrail
I heard the clip I had the radio on I
heard the clip I was dying laughing I
literally almost at the car next to me
in a guardrail I thought it was one of
the greatest things I've ever heard a
president say but more importantly it
proves to me anyway the brilliance of
Trump's understanding of Communications
right he's got the perfect moment now of
course they don't they don't tell you
the mainstream media that that was
really a detail end of a ten minute
speech that praised that essentially
worshiped the Navajo code talkers he's
he he preys on them he treated them like
the American heroes they were and just
such an interesting outstanding story
and he gets a little jab in there at
Warren which is a perfect photo op
because he's standing with real Native
Americans and he's essentially saying
this woman co-opted your heritage and
took a slot a tittle at a law school
from a Native American candidate yeah
and I had a friend text me yesterday
saying oh this wasn't the time he
shouldn't be politicizing it and I'm
sitting here thinking over the last
eight years how many times was Barack
Obama giving a speech in the Rose Garden
that should have been 100% ceremonial
and respectful and he snuck in some
swipe at Republicans how about Sandy
Hook barack obama basically stood on the
by and democrats on the bodies of dead
six-year-olds to push gun control
fifteen minutes after the attack well
Trump did was jab Warren for her own
insults toward 100% every move that he
makes is with 100% intention hey you
know I know I know John I know you know
if cliff Sims who is from Birmingham and
he started a station here called yellow
hammer radio yeah he got called up to
the White House to work so he's in DC
and he came back to Birmingham a few
months ago and was doing an interview
with a radio station here and he said
that every morning when he sees Trump at
the bottom of the executive elevators
that Trump has this kind of like
mischievous smirk on his face and he
says did you see that tweet last night
hey listen you know we know some of the
same people I won't drop names I dare
but there may be they work very closely
with the President on the campaign and
some still work inside the West Wing and
others outside a surrogate everything he
tweets how are you still surprised at
this point what the beauty of it is
surprise the media is like a Labrador
Retriever I mean he throws the tennis
ball they know they're not going to get
the treat and they go after the ball and
with murder the labs are much smarter
yeah than Acosta CNN and Chris Matthews
and Chris Hayes and Rachel Maddow I was
sitting in a restaurant last night and
they had MSNBC on and just the general
look of malaise and depression on his
his face was priceless I could have
watched it all night long look like
somebody stole his puppy and then posted
Instagram pics with the puppy look in
their face it's terrible but but back to
the point at hand with regards to this
it's Trump I've long said this it's
Trump playing ball with the American
people using social media to play ball
with the American people with the voters
and throw the ball over the heads of the
media now that's why they're hysterical
right he controlled the narrative and
they're not getting the response they
desired when they say this was racist
against Native Americans and on my
Twitter feed I had like nine Native
American veterans basically saying no
it's not
Warren was disrespectful we thought what
Trump said was hilarious and you're
missing the eight minutes prior where he
pray
the code talkers the media's getting
from the beginning when she used that on
her application to get a $200,000
no-show teaching job they were offended
then now this is not them being offended
this is them being happy that she's
getting called out right at something
that is related to them because you know
and like you said like many of them are
coming out and saying we don't care you
know I'm sure you saw the quote where
the guy said you know when the rain when
the Marines were telling us to jump out
of the plane in yell Geronimo that
didn't send us either I did yeah that
was great but where did you know that
and Warren is trying to say that this
was a Miss a misstep and she had no idea
about the Native American thing well I
found a political piece from 2012 this
morning written by Maggie Haberman over
the New York Times where a Fordham
University publication called Elizabeth
Warren Harvard's first woman of color
when she got the job pretty hard to walk
that back yeah and I also read an
article because this is this friend that
I was talking to yesterday about it said
there's no proof that she used that to
get that job so in in that year that she
applied for that teaching job they had a
hundred final applicants ninety five of
them had degrees from top five law
schools only four of them had degrees
from top from from the bottom half of
the top ten law school so ninety five of
them from one through five four of them
from from six to ten and one of them
came from Rutgers and that was
Pocahontas yes yeah of course she used
it look if it was one off-the-cuff
statement that's one thing but when
you've got Fordham University publishing
something calling her Harvard Lodz first
woman of color and it being egregious
enough that liberal Maggie Haberman
which was writing for Politico did
actually two stories on this there's
something there there's a lot of there
there there is a lot of there there so
Amanda we're running out of time where
do I find you where do people find you
where can they catch you and your common
snarky anti-liberal commentary you can
find me on Facebook it's just the
Hollywood conservative on Twitter at the
HW Khan for the Hollywood conservative
and my website is the Hollywood
conservative dot us
and that's got articles it's got
archives it's got bio media all that
kind of stuff so awesome and they're
gonna be seeing you more here on this
show because we're gonna be doing a lot
more interviews as we go into 2018
Amanda thanks a million feel better and
get back to California safely oh well
thank you thanks if you like these
interviews and I'm gonna be bringing you
a lot more of them in 2018 please
subscribe to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org
thanks for watching
you
