you might remember back in in 1990
Ontario was in a very similar position
to Alberta and in 2015 there was a long
long long standing Tory government it
had gotten quite lazy it had gotten a
little entitled it was pretty arrogant
and surprisingly the voters of Ontario
elected the Bob ray new Democrats who
were a very left-wing government and
they decided that they were going to
increase spending ramped up borrowing
and really increase the size of the
public sector right at the beginning of
what turned out to be the worst
recession in Canada since the Great
Depression and so what was going on was
you had the Ontario government spending
all his money it didn't have for two
years while the country and the Ontario
was in recession and then when things
started to improve
in 1993 marginally slowly incrementally
improve than the unions for all these
new workers that that the the NDP had
hired said hey it's time for us to get
our cut out of this we've stood 332
years of lower popularity and
controversy so now you're gonna pay up
you're gonna give us money and they said
you know actually we've been doing this
for a couple years now we realize we
can't borrow endlessly and spend without
limit so know what we'd really like for
you to do is to take a pay freeze and
there was a lot of head bashing between
the unions and their buddies in the NDP
and what turned out was that the NDP
couldn't pay them more so they
eventually had to legislate one day off
a month unpaid for all civil servants
all public servants teachers nurses
firefighters police officers and civil
servants in Ontario and that made the
NDP who are already unpopular with
centrist and right-of-center voters and
made them unpopular with left to sent
their voters 295 they were wiped up so I
think that that's what we're headed for
an Alberta to
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levante show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
