do you remember after the Kevin Spacey
scandal when I said this is gonna be a
sign of good things to come how this is
potentially a good thing because the
relationship between the Hollywood elite
the political left and the media are in
a let's just call it twisted
relationship and it was starting to
crack and crumble
yeah but as much as we all enjoy this
castle of glass crashing down in front
of us it's important for us not to take
too much enjoyment and keep a level head
of what's going on and how we're going
to approach it I'm Ben Davies as a pure
alleyway
now for decades it as long as I've been
alive even following this the media and
the left's have taken the moral high
ground when it comes to their stances
and their issues and if you disagree
with them then you are a homophobic
Islamophobic bigoted terrorist racist
sexist misogynist what about a little
something called Islamophobe I've
answered that but it's please what is
Islamophobia Nazi racist extremist
far-right religious zealot oh yeah and
we want to give you free stuff and
America is evil basically that's the
entire platform and Hollywood has really
kind of followed this line and push this
agenda forward think about any campaign
you see a major player in Hollywood go
on think about every award ceremony what
they say to the general public and it's
always the same kind of message but what
is crazy right now
are the people that were often the most
vocal of standing up against these
things have been the greatest
perpetrators some of them just look at
people like Harvey Weinstein the people
that he's supported that the political
left that's whole platform is we're
gonna empower women we're gonna
encourage women to do this we're gonna
make things better for them make it
super easy to get abortions and make
sure they can get into any field they
want to go into well at the same time
doing absolutely horrible things in your
own personal life and abusing women with
your career your power your influence in
your movies so now let's look at Al
Franken a prominent powerful liberal
member of the Senate he has photo
evidence photo evidence of an assault
going on and if you read the Washington
Post Kate Harding wrote a piece saying
that he should not lose his sentencing
should not be discredited because if
they remove him it's gonna hurt the
feminist movement this is actually gonna
hurt women by keeping a guy that
assaults women in the Senate so
obviously because of the hypocrisy of
all this it's hard not to get somewhat
excited when these people that have been
pointing their finger at you for so long
and calling you all these horrible names
are caught doing the worst of it it's
important take a step back and keep a
level head with what's going on now
Jennifer Gardner had a terrific
interview at the huffington post when
she gave her perspective on this
situation Jennifer Garner is awesome
like she she's just great all the way
through she said we can't just lump
every man to the exact same category we
can't just assume that every man has
done something awful or that every man
is guilty due process is important and
has to take place and I come
completely agree with this there are so
many people yelling and screaming wine
to tear down people bring people down
because there's so much animosity going
on in society today but this is
something that is very serious and needs
to be taken seriously due process has to
happen this is America you are innocent
until proven guilty no matter your
political party line no matter how you
vote you still have the exact same
rights as everyone else and I am so
happy with the way things have gone for
people coming forward speaking out
against these people because that's what
needs to happen but just like Jennifer
Garner said when you take a step back
and keep a level head what's going on
I've been Davies this is pure Hollywood
all right if you like this video and
others like it please consider becoming
a premium member to the rebel that way
you'll have first access to pure
Hollywood and the entire rebel lineup
