it shows that like freedom of speech is
everyone's value whether you want to be
associated with it or not I'm standing
across the street from Wilfred Laurier
University as you can see folks this is
the Canadian Veterans Memorial it
depicts those brave soldiers that died
in the battlefield preserving the
freedoms and rights that we cherish
today in Canada freedoms and right set
are under attack at universities such as
Wilfred Laurier University today with
the pink armbands with the white polka
dots so they're the ones that will talk
to you oh the only ones that talk okay
yeah it's really important to us I think
as trans and non-binary folks to have an
opportunity to to feel like our voices
are being heard and to have so many
people come out in solidarity with us
who who agreed that the the trans will
be at the center of this issue has been
covered over and been missed in a lot of
the previous reporting as well as in the
media territory the institution's
responses to this issue and it's great
to have folks be coming out in
solidarity with us and it means a great
deal to our community for sure did you
define transphobia by the way I'm sorry
no no comment no unfortunately we've
been doing quite a bit of media and so I
didn't thank you do you support Lindsay
Shepard oh my god I know con man we're
told by the person with the trends
people sticker there that the pink
armband people are the spokespeople so
yeah so we all have trans people deserve
justice that's our main message and we
have no further comment just to
understand what your protest is about
you're protesting free speech no no
comment and no comment you are the
spokes but you're the one that sent me
over here realize I was just trying to
find out why they're here what the point
of their protest is well that's what I
was trying to find out too right cuz
we're staying here and they're out on
the boulevard you know so then we just
came outside and we were just like hey
we'll just have a couple beers see what
I see what unfold see how this plays out
so guys what brings you out to this
protest you know we're really worried
about the state of free speech right now
we think it's pretty disgusting the fact
that a university that claims to foster
openness is able to shut down their very
own TA just for speaking freely on
campus and showing just a debate
she showed both sides and it was it was
broadcast by TV Oh
what wasn't that the the factor in that
Inquisition Lindsay Shepard went through
it seemed to be that her cardinal sin is
she played a clip without commenting in
other words treating students like you
like adults that come
your own conclusions she didn't condemn
this person
one of the professors compared to Hitler
I mean I think that's outrageous let's
be honest it's an age of outrage right
now what do you make of this group here
I guess they're transsexuals and
supporters of transsexuals say they
won't talk to us but what is there a
sensible point in being here that
they're against free speech it's good
they're here they're they're exercising
the right to freely criticise us which
we also believe in so it's good they're
here they they're using freedom of
speech to condemn freedom of speech yeah
they can criticize it always watch
they're supporting our point they can
criticize free speech and the kind of
government they want doesn't that
wouldn't support free speech and their
right to protest so I find it ironic
it's a travesty but it's not I don't
think it's surprising in the slightest
like for anybody who's been following
developments in north american
university and college campuses this is
just the norm i mean this is just people
are finding this out now but it's
nothing new really i don't think anyone
here is actually against anyone trends
or anything it's just their
narrow-minded view how they perceive
what free speech might lead to or what
it might do and that's just their own
small way of perceiving it how they
choose is really astounding after
hearing the audio clips just how they
treated her I mean they were very she
was crying I mean they could have
relaxed their approach at that point but
it seemed like they went even harder on
her once that that sort of was made
clear you know what I think that's a
very profound point I mean these are the
so-called anti-bully activists and to me
listen to the audiotape maybe I'm wrong
but I'll tell you what it sounded like
to me I agree with you it sounded like
they were getting almost excited they
were really enjoying the fact that they
were bullying three to one this young
lady to the point of tears and to me I
just find that completely inappropriate
and almost perverse I agree that's
absolutely appalling and for faculty to
treat treat people like that it's just
I've never heard of that ever lived here
my entire life I mean it's just that's
why I'm here I think it shows that the
university is scared of is scared of one
thing and that's that the students will
come to a conclusion that they don't
like if
University thought that their ideas were
really you know the strongest then I
think the university would allow this to
happen because they know that the
students would come to the proper
conclusions I think the fact that they
condemned this and said that Lyndsey
should be handing students their
opinions on a silver platter really
speaks to the idea that they're worried
that their opinions aren't the right
ones you take things for granted the
things you were granted so sir what
brings you out to this rally
oh well it's basically best free speech
I believe that any speech is free speech
and I stand for anyone that is being
oppressed by because they weren't able
to speak their own mind and I think
that's wrong so it's Kozma and I on
Monday night we had a phone call and we
thought we got to do something about
this and we decided we got to go out and
I gotta show our support and I gotta say
the students want change that students
want a free speech policy to be enacted
on campus and according to the Chicago
principles so we invited the other guys
Alex and Eric to help us out we
assembled this rally we're very happy
with what happened with the churn out
the amount of people who came out to
support us and we really hope that
Wilfrid Laurier University as well as
other campuses across Canada and the
world actually yeah it doesn't surprise
me man the Liberals hide everywhere and
they just gang up you know 300 a never
have a fair fight so yeah that's just my
take on it but it was smart over to
secretly record our superiors I gotta
say a hundred percent I think this is
the one of the biggest takeaways from
this incident is if you're gonna face
this kind of you know kangaroo court
session have a video and/or audio
recording device otherwise it's a he
said she said thing isn't it that's the
thing they wanted secretly done so
nobody knows about it this most of these
people who come here that they didn't
they didn't have this kind of
experiences I have living under the
company's oppression you know this is a
very good point you've actually lived in
a society where there was no such thing
as free speech in fact if you exercise
it you could go to the gulag that's
that's why I I lost everything
and I around I left the country I
escaped this country to to to freedom to
the beautiful country like Canada
now what's happened I become retired and
I have to run back to Poland now you
gentlemen are all the way from York
University in Toronto what brought you
out here for this free speech rally so
we're part of students that support a
free speech organization was originally
involved in the rally in support of
Jordan Peterson last year so we've been
in this movement for a year now and you
know seeing everything go down since
then we thought we needed to be here
it's such a spin to say he was comparing
Jordan Peterson to Hitler he wasn't
right you know I think when you bring
the H word into a conversation unless
the person you're comparing them to is
also carrying out a world war and
genocide and ethnic cleansing I think
you kind of are comparing him though
okay but this side kept bringing it to
totalitarianism - you know hammers and
sickles - because that's what the whole
free speech is based on that we don't
get to there as a society it seems that
your crime was that not so much that
you're a Jordan Peterson supporter I
don't think you are it was just that you
ran a clip from the TV Ontario agenda
film without a do-rag or condemnation of
Jordan Peterson one of the professor's
actually comparing him to Hitler and I
just think that in their eyes it seemed
that your sin was treating students as
adults free-thinking adults yeah they'd
they don't consider it acceptable that
some students might find Peterson's
ideas appealing but I I think like I
said in my speech I don't know if you
heard it but like hearing different
ideas and different perspectives and you
know working with them is how we become
closer to the person we want to be and
so if you're shielded from things how
are you going to reach your maximum
potential of who you want to be it took
several days but the administration has
apologized I think it's a bit of a
mealy-mouthed apology are you satisfied
with the apology that came forward to
you I'm I appreciate their apology but
it was quite lackluster
and unfortunately a little bit insincere
and also attempted to distract from the
main point which is also what I said in
my speech is that by focusing on me
apparently needing more mentorship and
guidance as a TA well that's not the
problem the problem is that you're not
letting people come to their own
conclusions I mean I think that's a very
valid point
what were they giving an apology or were
they sort of implying that you're kinda
sort of still part of the problem in
terms of not thinking the way they want
you to think yeah they were just doing
damage control I think which they had to
do you had a great turnout here Lindsay
tell me there was a contra protest
earlier on across the street
it seemed perversely ironic to me that
these were people using their freedom of
speech to protest form of speech what do
you make of this you know I respect that
they came out and you know I didn't even
get a chance to see their signs or talk
to them or anything but I mean they
wouldn't talk to us it shows that like
freedom of speech is everyone's value
whether you want to be associated with
it or not and you know I know I'm
talking to the rebel but like there
there is connotations of a free speech
being a right wing thing but it's not it
should be everyone's issue and it's
unfortunate but it's not and one last
thing I think one takeaway from this
whole sordid incident Lindsay is that I
personally think if you hadn't had the
wherewithal to make an audio recording
of this this story would go nowhere
would be a classic he said she said oh
no she misinterpreted things so maybe
going forward anyone else on campus
being led into one of these star
chambers maybe have a video and/or audio
recording device with you yep that would
be my pragmatic advice unfortunately
that it has to come to that point and
but I'm glad that my audio was released
I was skeptical to release it
first because it is a risk but it people
were outraged and some people emailed me
and said it even made them cry and tear
up and so it really hit home for a lot
of people and moving forward watch our
future here at Wilfrid Laurier
University I don't know if there is a
future here 50/50 for now in the
aftermath of the Lindsay Sheppard affair
Laurier's President and Vice Chancellor
Deborah McClatchy has finally apologized
well sort of folks because in addition
to the apology miss McClatchey also had
this to say quote she was troubled by
the way faculty staff and students
involved in this situation have been
targeted with extreme vitriol end quote
so what is it miss McClatchey that are
you indeed sorry for what happened to
Lindsey Shepherd or are you really more
regretful that some of the faculty have
been exposed as the trolls they are you
know it's kind of funny folks if you
look at the slogan for Wilfred Laurier
University
it says inspiring lives I think a more
apropos slogan here would be
extinguishing free thought for the rebel
dot media I'm David Mann Zoid Menzies
but there with them enjoyment is for
rebel dot media beautiful
you
