there is money there and if it were cut
off the violence would be cut off at
least in large part there is no reason
to riot in Montreal and it's not a
squalid city in a dictatorship where
people are starving in the state as
authoritarian riot in North Korea riot
in Iran riot against an evil regime
Montreal is the easiest laziest city in
the country with the possible exception
of Vancouver there is no need to riots
unless you are being weaponized and used
by someone like a Soros a man who wants
to see the world burn but back to the
story in the press let me read it this
is the translated version more than 1
million dollars worth of equipment
burned in one night serious bottle
wounds and sabotage machinery attacks
claimed by far left groups have been on
the rise in Quebec for a few months
while all the projectors are turned in
the opposite direction unquote now by
projector they mean searchlights as in
while the media in the politicians and
the police scour the right with
themselves up into a false frenzy that
there was a great threat from the
far-right well it is a far left that is
torching the streets here I'll read more
from the press not exactly a
conservative magazine they say police
are interested in a virtual platform
where anarchists from all over Quebec
boasts of their exploits lopressor and
the site in question
Montreal counter information also
teaches how to make Molotov cocktails
and sabotage oil pipelines with the
drill and he calls for take advantage of
major snowstorms too so social chaos so
again this is through Google Translate
that's why it's not perfect do I have to
tell you that conservatives don't do
those things conservatives don't use
Molotov cocktails don't attack pipelines
don't take advantage of snowstorms to
wreak havoc that is the leftist thing to
do it's an Islamist thing to do in the
left and Islamists are pretty much
allies these days in their war on the
West that's an excerpt from my daily TV
show the Ezra Levant show no one leaves
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
