one conservative question revealed
government waste larger than Mike
Duffy's questionable expenses but you
won't hear about it in the mainstream
media in Canada's parliamentary system
the opposition has the ability to ask
questions of the government and I don't
mean in that theatrical non answer
partisan way that you see when you're
watching question period in the House of
Commons the opposition can command
answers from the government through
something called order paper questions
now these questions in writing can
compel the government to answer to the
specific details of a question within 45
days and you know what credit where it's
due the Conservatives are getting pretty
darn good at using them now one of these
order paper questions from Conservative
MP Bob Zimmer revealed that not only are
the Liberals spending our money on the
things we know they are garbage programs
and busy work that don't make our lives
any better but the Liberals have
actually been wasting money on things
they've never even received or used this
is the question Bob Zimmer asked with
regard to contracts which were paid out
but for which the products or services
were not rendered or utilized since July
1st 2016 what are the details of all
such contracts including the vendor date
original contract amount amount paid out
the description of product or service
and the reason the product or service
was not rendered or utilized Zimmer
obviously knows the Liberals are
spending money on things they aren't
receiving and he knows the Liberals
don't seem to care but he wants details
and so do I so let's take a look at some
of the things simmers order paper
question returned for us March 1st 2017
the Canadian Food Inspection Agency paid
brookfield global relocation services
one thousand five hundred and ninety one
dollars to not relocate anybody it was a
not
refundable administration fee that the
CFIA paid oh because they had booked a
moving company without knowing for sure
if the employee would relocate at all
now this next one it shouldn't I you as
our immigration system collapses on
itself due to the flood of migrants and
refugees Justin Trudeau just welcomed
into the country
immigration refugees and Citizenship
Canada contracted with the company
called master-bedroom for furniture
the Liberals didn't take receipt of that
furniture and ultimately had to pay a
$25,000 fee to the company as part of a
settlement reached for the Liberals
breaking their agreement to buy that
furniture and going with another vendor
and this next one well it would be funny
and ironic if it weren't so ridiculous
statistics Canada sent a letter as part
of their response to the order paper
question saying that Statistics Canada
does not allow for tracking of whether
or not goods or services are received or
rendered it's crazy but it is typically
bureaucratic but let's all just take a
minute to appreciate that this is the
same government agency that will put
your grandmother in jail if she doesn't
fill out the long-form census and tell
them how many chickens she has in the
backyard but stats can well they can't
track the things they're paying for and
not getting and they don't think they
need to tell you either and if you
thought the Liberals injecting all their
social justice baloney into the National
Energy Board review process was costing
Canadians pipelines and jobs well it's
also costing you a lot more in more ways
than you're aware because of canceled
meetings and security concerns with
regard to the energy East pipeline and
Kinder Morgan pipeline hearings Natural
Resources Canada and of course by
default the Canadian taxpayer is on the
hook for fifty nine thousand five
hundred and seventy dollars worth of
meeting rooms lunches security and hotel
rooms they never used this next one is
probably the one that drives me the
craziest even though the amount it isn't
the largest it's winter and we know
thousands of Canadian veterans are
homeless
now but here we can see in March 20th
2017 Veterans Affairs Canada paid out
twelve thousand six hundred and eighty
two dollars for hotel rooms for staff
training but no staff training took
place the Liberals canceled the hotel
contract because they canceled the
training events they booked the hotel
rooms for but the Liberals still had to
pay on the contract meaning the Liberals
wasted nearly thirteen thousand dollars
on empty hotel rooms comfortable warm
clean accommodations while Canadian
veterans slept outside on a frosty March
one crafty question to the Liberals
revealed nearly $100,000 in spending
where there was quite literally nothing
to show for it no services rendered no
goods received no value whatsoever for
Canadians how much and how often did we
hear about Bevo does $16 orange juice it
was endless her one overpriced orange
juice became a symbol of government
excess because the mainstream media
wanted it to be a symbol of government
excess or how about Mike Duffy's
purported questionable expenses his
ninety thousand dollars in allegedly
hinky spending habits occupied the news
cycle for two years did you even know he
was cleared of any criminal wrongdoing
but this one question revealed
government waste and mismanagement on a
far larger far more wasteful scale but
you won't hear about it in the
mainstream media because well you know
how it goes
if it's not a Tory it's not a story for
the rebel dot media I'm Shiela gun Reid
did you like that well there's more I
have my own weekly show here on the
rebel aptly called the gun show where I
do a deeper dive into issues affecting
Albertans to get access to my show in
all of our premium content become a
rebel subscriber today
you
