Happy Thanksgiving
I'm gonna give you a list of some of the
things I'm thankful for this holiday
season I have so much thankfulness in my
heart so much thankfulness when I think
of how Hillary Clinton has been exposed
as quite possibly the worst woman in the
world a victim Shamer
a criminal of fraudster a bribe taker a
generally horrible person I'm thankful
that her political career was destroyed
I'm thankful that her brand has finally
been exposed for how bad it is I'm
thankful that her legacy will only be
negative I'm thankful but after about 25
years Bill Clinton's victims are finally
being believed and that he's being
painted as the serial sexual predator
we've always known him to be I'm
thankful that the Clintons Democrat
celebrity friends are also being exposed
for the such predators they are Harvey
Weinstein Kevin Spacey and politicians
like John Conyers or are lefties I'm
thankful that they're finally being
thrust into the light in their abhorrent
behavior is being exposed that their
victims will finally get justice I know
I left a few out but I don't have six
hours these segments and it would take
me about that long to go through all the
Democrats and left these who engage in
perverted behavior
I'm also thankful that Speaker Paul Ryan
and Senate Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell are giving me the ammunition I
need to have them challenged in
primaries to go after their abysmal
careers those two useless neocon rhinos
because we now know that they've been
using taxpayer money your money to
settle sexual abuse complaints against
members of Congress they never told us
they never disclosed it but they used
our money to make it all go away and it
just proves that there is a unit party
is they never even dropped the Apple
they never leaked the information on the
Democrats so I'm thankful to speaker
Ryan and leader McConnell but they've
given us even more ammo he use against
them in the media
I'm thankful that the fusion GPS debacle
is coming to light that the dossier is
being exposed for what it is junk
that there is no Trump Russia collusion
but instead this was all a manufactured
set of facts designed the destroy Donald
Trump I'm thankful that it's being
exposed that Hillary Clinton apparently
illegally paid for this through her law
firm perkins coie so that she didn't
have to disclose the payments diffusion
GPS to the Federal Election Commission
so that you and I could see them
it looks like Hillary's gonna have to
pay a price for that because this genie
is way too far out of the bottle so I'm
thankful for that
I'm thankful that groups like an tyfa
and black lives matter continue to show
us who they really are by their use of
violence aggression terror tactics and
condemnation of America and American
exceptionalism I'm thankful that they
continue to call for the murders of
police officers and innocence and
thankful that they let us know every day
exactly who they are so we can properly
combat them
I'm thankful that we got to see the face
of ungratefulness and entitlement in
this moron Lavar big baller ball the dad
of one of those three morons from UCLA
from the basketball team that were
arrested for shoplifting in China the
dad wasn't grateful he wasn't thankful a
president Trump intervened with the
president of China to have his son
released so that he didn't spend ten
years in an oppressive brutal Chinese
prison no mr. entitlement Ball was
pissed off that his son had to fly home
commercial and not on Air Force One
did he think the president was gonna
bring his shoplifter perp son his
spoiled little brat back with him on the
plane so that he could go on the rest of
the Asia tour or did mr. ball think that
we were supposed to divert Air Force One
for his little spoiled brat son but
either way I'm thankful that his sense
of entitlement was exposed and is it any
wonder with a dad like that
who's instill that sense of entitlement
in his son since birth that the kid
would shoplift that he would embarrass
his school his team and the United
States of America no of course it's not
so I'm glad that was exposed I'm
thankful I'm very thankful
I'm thankful that we're learning who our
real enemies are especially those women
I'm thankful that the never Trump errs
and the neocons continue to expose
themselves for who they are so that we
know who we have to crush in the media
within our own ranks first before we go
after the enemy does I'd always prefer
the guy coming at me than the one
stabbing me in the back I need to thank
them for being so unhinged and
non-strategic that they've brought
themselves into the light and they've
identified themselves to us so that we
can go on the offensive
I'm thankful for our troops overseas
protecting us so that I can bring you
these segments I'm thankful or our
police officers firefighters and first
responders here at home doing the same
so that everyday I can bring you these
segments and every day you can watch
them and feel very very safe in our cozy
western world I'm thankful for Western
civilization I'm thankful that the
lunatic feminists bill tweet things that
prove they would rather frame men that
they would rather falsely accuse them to
what they call destroy the patriarchy
I'm thankful that these radical lunatics
exposed themselves daily on social media
that same toxic masculinity that
protects you while you sleep that same
toxic masculinity that killed Osama bin
Laden that rushes into burning buildings
that runs toward the sound of gunfire
and terror attacks
I'm thankful those lunatics exposed
themselves for wanting to destroy that
toxic masculinity I'm really thankful to
be able to work with a group here at the
rebel that doesn't censor my content no
matter how non politically correct it is
it allows me to bring you the truth
thankful for our great president Donald
Trump who has destroyed and I mean
destroyed the establishment PlayBook
he's torn it up he's thrown it in the
fire he swept out the ashes and thrown
them in the ocean I'm thankful that
thankful that we've written a new
playbook I'm thankful that President
Trump tweets every day because his
tweets are very calculated and they're
very important their President Trump
playing ball with the American public
throwing that ball over the heads of the
mainstream media and that's why the
media is hysterical and I'm so thankful
for that I'm thankful for the mainstream
media's collusion with the Democrats
finally being exposed
most importantly I'm thankful for you
the audience without you guys I could
not have made this show a success in
only a couple of short months and I'm
really thankful that I'm gonna be able
to expand the show and bring you a lot
more of this great content in 2018 thank
you all very very much for watching
Happy Thanksgiving if you enjoyed this
content please subscribe to our premium
service at www.wgal.com
you
