should marijuana be legalized well
according to a poll from Angus Reed 63
percent of Canadians think so even
Republicans are in majority support for
the first time ever so it seems
consuming cannabis is becoming a
societal norm when it comes to
legalization it's all rosy according to
those like the Liberals and the Alberta
NDP who support the measure yea
marijuana is a taxable commodity and the
industry will diversify the economy but
they also say legalization will prevent
kids from using and cannabis related
arrests and prosecutions will be reduced
business is absolutely booming in the
states where retail sales hit 6.7
billion last year alone and are
projected to grow to 20 point 2 billion
by 2020 one since retail sales began in
January 2014 the government of Colorado
has brought in 506 million in tax
revenue by charging businesses to sell
pot and slapping about 30 percent in
taxes on every purchase it's also
projected that the marijuana industry
will create a quarter million jobs in
the US by 2020 governments stand to reap
the rewards of legalizing pot but there
are obvious problems that come along
with this legislation the Alberta and
EPS no tolerance approach for kids means
no criminal charges and a slap on the
wrist for youth under 18 having up to 5
grams in their possession for youth
under 21 in Colorado where a
recreational pot is allowed possessing
any amount of the drug under announces
classified as a petty crime according to
an investigation completed by i-news
drug violations and school suspensions
in that state have increased by forty
five percent so much for keeping pot out
of the hands of kids what's more is that
possession and consumption of marijuana
will be removed from the Canadian
Criminal Code once the legislation has
been passed but even though similar
measures have been taken in both
Washington and Colorado increases in
cannabis related arrests have been
reported in one
13 before marijuana was legal 47 drivers
tested positive for the subsidence while
in 2016 that number more than doubled at
115 and a study from the Insurance
Institute for Highway Safety also shows
that cannabis related accidents and
impaired driving incidents have
increased by about 2.7 percent in states
where recreational use is allowed it's
questionable as to whether legalizing
pot will have any positive effects on
the justice system at all and about this
financial windfall Minister of Justice
Kathleen gamle has already stated that
it will cost more for the Alberta
government to roll out their program to
legalize pot than it takes in regarding
tax revenue that's partly because the
government will be in control of online
sales
we are currently projecting so obviously
you've seen the comments of my colleague
the Minister of Finance we're currently
projecting that this will cost the
province considerably more than we'll
take in at this time so there isn't
gonna be a lot of a lot of revenue to go
around an India Sen from the CD Howe
Institute says the industry must be
privatized for one state weed sales
would cost taxpayers unnecessary
millions to subsidize due to added
bureaucracy and government retail
operations bring into question whether
it be encouraging sales to bolster
revenues rather than promote health of
course there are obvious health concerns
that come along with smoking pot that
costs the system so while the government
paints a pretty picture when it comes to
legalizing marijuana in actuality there
are obvious trade-offs including
anything from taxes to health and safety
concerns that come along with it for the
rebel media I'm Holly Nicholas thanks so
much for watching have you checked out
our premium content yet you can go to
the rebel dot media slash shows for our
all-new lineup best of all you get
access to it all for just eight bucks a
month
you
