good eye on mark Latham and the
Australian media is full of the debate
about legislating for same-sex marriage
but what is the truth that underlies
this debate I'll be talking about that
well we've had the vote in Australia
about same-sex marriage now the
parliament is trying to put in place the
laws but wow there's a lot of MPs
they've led people down the garden path
for instance the terminal government
sponsored a hundred million dollar
public vote on same-sex marriage and
sixty-one percent of Australians who
voted say yes but the Turnbull
government is not sponsoring its own
legislation why well it didn't want in
the voting process for the no
campaigners to get their teeth into the
issue the whole question of religious
freedom
so people were asked to sign off vote
for a blank check nobody knew what sort
of legislation would follow this vote it
was a political trick the fix was in
between labour and liberals from the
very beginning and unfortunately it now
seems certain we won't have adequate
protection of religious freedom for
instance have a look at this Senator
Labour leader in the Senate penny Wong
she has said that consideration of an
international covenant covering
religious freedoms that's too
complicated and complex really a
legislator saying it's all too big for
her pea brain to get its mind around too
complicated and complex and on the
liberal side the sponsor of the original
legislation for same-sex marriage w a
senator Dean Smith here he is Dean Smith
he's saying he's expecting the full
weight of the law to apply to any
Christian any Muslim I suppose any
religious objector who doesn't want to
participate commercially through their
business with same sex marriage ceremony
so just think about that for a moment
this guy who's supposed to be a liberal
believes that the power of government
the power of the state should be be
there to coerce people and force them
into doing
they regard as morally wrong okay people
should have the right to refuse to do
things that they regard as morally wrong
in a free society that's how it should
operate so this has been a sham debate a
sham process from the very beginning it
has no legitimacy and unfortunately
there's already evidence in Australia
that Christians even Muslims normally
poster boys and girls of the the
left-wing activists that these religious
believers because of their religious
faith in most cases are valid religious
faith they're going to be persecuted
simply for believing in their their God
of worship now it's a bad situation and
we know it's going to happen because
we've already seen an appalling instance
of it in the state of Western Australia
the concern Margaret Court Margaret
Court or tennis legend she's one more
Grand Slam singles titles than any other
person in the history of the game issues
in action Margaret Court a magnificent
player a legend in Australian sporting
history there she is in the 1971
Australian Open final against Evonne
Goolagong and Margaret Court since then
what's she been doing well she's found
service of a different kind and she's
been at the victory Life Church in Perth
in Western Australia as a pastor they do
the things that the left activist used
to do actually meet the poor and help
them in person and every year her
mission there the Church of which he's a
pastor helps over 10,000 needy families
in and around Perth with food parcels
health services and counseling so she is
a magnificent Australia she's always
dignified but her current crime in the
public debate she's a Christian and
there's been all sorts of abuse of
Margaret Court in late May she wrote a
letter to the Western Australian
newspapers saying she wouldn't be flying
with the Qantas airline anymore because
of its support for same-sex marriage
well that's her choice in a free society
but the abuse and intimidation she
caught since that a statement has been
horrendous indeed here's the key thing
look at this letter in early June the
John Forrest Secondary College
headed up by the chairperson of the
board dr. Megan Lloyd
sent a letter to Margaret Court Niagara
Court had been a patron of the
specialist tennis program a tennis
academy at this government school in
Perth John Forest Secondary College and
lloyd wright's at the top of the ladder
as follows the community appreciates the
time you've given out of your busy
schedule to attend tennis presentations
and events involving our College and to
share your tennis wisdom in talks with
our students it rightly points out that
Margaret Court was a magnificent tennis
player she speaks with authority on
tennis matters and our students have
greatly benefited well you wouldn't
normally think in being a patron and a
mentor at a tennis academy that religion
and politics would have anything to do
with hitting the ball over the net okay
with the volley with the serve with the
overhead before the fore hair in the
back hand okay it's the game of tennis
smart these lefties they think
everything is political so the Star
Chamber test comes in in the remainder
of the letter have a look at it from me
and Lloyd like she's talking about
inclusivity but she's trying to exclude
Margaret Court from involvement at the
school and the final paragraph is the
key we ask you to confirm that your
views aligned to those of our college
and will allow you to be promoted to our
students as someone who values diversity
and inclusivity is accepting of race and
cultural difference and will happily
accept people with different sexual
identity that is it's not just a matter
someone like Margaret Court who loves
all people and wants to support all
people respecting homosexuality and
same-sex marriage she has to embrace it
and accept it and believe in it to be
part of a school environment now this is
just dreadful we've seen in other
countries people excluded from the
education system because they're not
worshipping at the new secular deity of
the home of homosexuality and same-sex
marriage the guy in Britain who has been
kicked out of a Social Work course in
university because he's a Christian and
that's been confirmed by the British
High Court so this terrible pattern
overseas is coming to Australia in fact
it's already here Margaret Court
effectively excluded from the college
there and the tennis academy at the
government school in Perth
because of her legitimate well founded
strongly held beliefs in the nuclear
family in Christian values in
heterosexual relationships and her
support for traditional male-female
marriage we can't allow our country to
become like this and the worst thing
about this letter of course it was
endorsed by the State Labor Education
Minister sue LRE here's a picture of Sue
Ellen endorsing this letter so you've
got an education minister in the system
who now believes it's acceptable kick
people out of schools a sporting academy
because of their religious and political
beliefs this is a policy of exclusion if
you head about all the social justice
bullcrap
about inclusivity this is exclusion and
of course it's no coincidence that on
the school board at john forest there's
this representative lisa baker another
Labour Member of Parliament Lisa Baker
an openly openly gay politician in
Western Australia so it's more than
hypothetical sometime you leave people
say oh there won't be much persecution
of Christians if any because the gays
are tolerant we won't have all these
cases about the the tailor the the Baker
the ring maker the limousine driver and
the like but it's just as bad it's
already happening people excluded from
the education system because of their
valid beliefs we can't allow this to
happen we need rigorous protections of
religious freedom so that people aren't
forced against their will to participate
in things they regard quite validly as
morally wrong that's not a free society
that's not the Australia I know and love
we need to do better than that and I'm
afraid this age of persecuting
Christians is now upon us I'm Mark
Latham for Rebelle Australia if you like
that video please share it with your
family and friends on social media and
support our campaign against law fair
and handy white racism stand with Latham
com
you
