here's the mosque that it's run every
Friday in the cafeteria the Valley Park
middle school here in Toronto that's
about a decade old that's been going on
do you think there's more or less of
that now in Toronto well like I always
say about the United Kingdom it's
interesting for its own sake but it's
interesting as a preview of what's
coming here in a couple of years so look
at this story just out this week it's a
news story maybe the headline council
cracks down on Islamophobia after
parents withdraw children from school
mosque trips oh so if you don't agree to
send your kids to mosques to participate
in those prayers to do stories about
converting to have Imams you don't know
tell your kids things you can't hear or
counter if you don't like that you're a
racist the first sentence of the story I
counsel is Britain is taking action to
crack down on Islamophobia in response
to some parents refusing to send their
children on mosque visits arranged by
schools now that was a story on
Breitbart calm but it quotes from this
story in Stoke in the UK here's the
Stoke Sentinel that's the name the
newspaper parents refusing to send their
children on school trips to mosques
spark fears of Islamophobia and schools
have now been given guidance on to
handle the sensitive subject it reminds
me of the old Bob Hope joke and this is
a generation ago but I think you'll see
the analogy he said I've just flown in
from California where they've made
homosexuality legal I thought I'd get
out before they make it compulsory but
he got admit that's funny
especially 40 years ago it's a joke it's
a bit less funny these days what with
people being fired for being transphobic
not liking a boy in a girl's change room
and mandatory sex clubs in school that
bill twenty-four thing but it's about
Islam too isn't it
Islam has gone from being legal you have
to tolerate Islam to being mandatory you
have to go to mosques you have to write
essays about converting it's gone from
being legal to be mandatory don't you
dare say a Christian prayer in any
public building don't you dare but don't
you dare
declined to go to a mosque or you are a
racist that's an excerpt from my daily
TV show the Ezra Levant show normally
it's behind a paywall but I thought
you'd like this video so we put it on
YouTube if you want to subscribe to
watch the daily show every day including
all ways to interview today and I read
my hate mail just click on this screen
and become a Premium Member
you
