well my week here at the UN climate
change conference in Bonn Germany is
coming to a close and even though I
wasn't allowed on the inside of the
conference I saw enough crazy it'll last
me a lifetime here on the outside and I
thought I'd give you a brief rundown of
some of the wilder things that I saw but
I don't know if you can hear me because
there's this persistent drone of the
diesel generators all over this place
and that's how they're keeping these
buildings safe warm and inflated using
our old friend fossil fuels there's some
other crazy things I want to tell you
about first of all there's a ton of
security lighting around here now as you
may remember Catherine McKenna is not a
big fan of security lighting she'd like
to do away with it in the name of
climate change but the security lighting
around here is also diesel-powered the
conference is also along the banks of
the Rhine River so as we walk along
there are these plastic sidewalks
everywhere to basically remediate the
damage the UN diplomats in the 25000
conference goers are doing to the river
valley
they've even spent 2 million euros to
remediate the damage that they're doing
to the River Valley here they call it
Rhine protection for 2 million euros one
night in this week we went and staked
out where the luxury cars were coming to
pick up the UN diplomats in the
conference goers while they tell us to
walk right or take the bus one of the
other crazy things that I saw were fake
Indians they were Germans playing dress
up as aboriginals they were playing the
drums and they were weaving something
called good wishes for green land I
don't know how you weave a good wish I
don't know what that's supposed to do
and I'm not clear on why they're doing
that for green land but they were really
super passionate about it
and then one of my favorite things that
I saw here was the good old-fashioned
Herman Nelson frost fighter heater that
was powering one of the UN climate
action domes and it of course is diesel
it's something that they use from time
to time in the oil patch so it was
really quite funny to see that attached
to a climate action dome also attached
to one of the inflatable domes it's a
globe that they have on site here they
listed some of the priorities of the
climate change conference and climate
change wasn't one or two or three it was
actually number 13 of 17 everything else
was a whole host of social justice
causes a whole hodgepodge of causes and
ideas that really had nothing to do with
climate change at all another persistent
theme of this conference is the
incessant trolling of American president
Donald Trump for leaving the Paris
agreement there's a roving art
installation touring around town with a
mock-up of President Donald Trump and
Lady Liberty the art installation is
called freedom to pollute but guess what
is being pulled around town by a
Volkswagen bug powered by you guessed it
our good friend fossil fuels it's been a
great week I'm so glad I had the
opportunity to do my best to deliver
your petition to the UN even though they
sure didn't want it thank you so much
for sending me and to see all my reports
go to rebel un com it's been a really
crazy week here in Bonn Germany at the
UN climate change conference to see all
of my reports go to rebel un com
