all aboard step right up the Greenpeace
ship of fools Greenpeace runs on diesel
now boarding the climate propaganda boat
green energy profit heirs Department
Department Packers pandering politicians
power-hungry UN bureaucrats let's
inspect this way clueless green activist
and yet one-sided media all of ours I'm
here at the UN climate change conference
in Bonn Germany and I found a fellow
skeptic Marc Morano from C fact and
climate Depot Marc we were witnessed
your little stunt this morning down at
the Greenpeace boat
yes Greenpeace boarded an energy plant
and went on and trespassed and tried to
shut it down and they love these kind of
stunts so we thought a little their own
medicine might be in order we did this
in 2009 we boarded the Greenpeace ship
at the Copenhagen UN climate conference
and we understood the banner that said
ship of lies so today we decided decided
to dress up as a captain and welcome
everyone aboard to this UN climate
summit and we welcome aboard the rent
seekers the carbon carpetbaggers we
welcome a more the biased media we
welcome aboard the the clueless green
activists is what we called it we
welcome aboard the UN bureaucrats who
are seeking control and power we just
wanted to do something fun and use the
Greenpeace ship as a backdrop and I
think I think it worked I think we had a
lot of fun Greenpeace of course was
freaking out and it up calling the
police on us they didn't like when you
tried to go on board their ship though
and I thought that was weird since when
does Greenpeace care about following the
rule that's right exactly yeah they
suddenly they were asking us to show
respect well what point do they show
respect back in the to what year it was
but in Peru they had messed up the Aztec
lines Aztec ruins they went in and
ancient cultures and did a stunt and and
got in trouble by the government and had
to leave the country if I recall
correctly so they have zero record of
respect and of course you know your own
Patrick Moore has detailed that how the
organization just bailed on that so it's
a little bit it's always fun to give
them a little bit of their own medicine
and I try to be respectful that when the
lady said no I turned around and left
I wasn't going to go to their tactics
and trespass no I'm not allowed in the
conference because I didn't make any
friends last year what if anything are
they accomplishing in there or do we
even want them accomplishing anything
interestingly enough the Trump official
team is behind a locked door closed
doors hunkered in and hiding the only
event they had of course was
preemptively shut down and none of the
people who did that stunt interrupted
the event shut it down saying for 12
minutes lost their badges and anything
bad happened to him they were completely
at the stamp of the United Nations to
approve that but what else is going on
is you have a bunch of shadow
delegations you have Governor Jerry
Brown you have Minnesota governors your
Massachusetts state legislators all
acting as sovereign nations going in and
saying Donald Trump isn't gonna play
ball but we will negotiate directly with
our state we will comply and suddenly
Liberal Democrats in America are the
biggest advocates now of federalism and
states rights that wasn't always that
way you know that's funny cuz governor
jay Inslee was part of that protest and
I actually reached out to the UN because
I wanted to know are those people being
banned for harassment and they actually
told me that that protest got an
official permit they got permission from
the UN to interrupt the official
American delegation which I find
fascinating because if you're in the US
and you're having the only event here
really the entire and the entirety and
the UN gives it a 12-minute hole where
people can just do what they want that's
kind of a no I mean is that the same can
they do that in any other country and
any other thing or is it because
President Trump's views here aren't
popular that's very very suspect what do
you think this means going forward are
they still in Trump denial like remember
last year it was like there was a
funeral but they didn't they weren't
willing to admit the person was dead
that's what was happening last year
because President Donald Trump was sort
of well he was elected during the course
of the conference and everyone was in
denial is that denial lingering on yes I
think it's a big part or they're trying
to act like he doesn't exist and to the
extent to that you had the French
president and the German Chancellor come
out and say hey we'll make up any
funding shortfalls the United States
which to me says
worx Trump's policies are great if they
want to kick in more money to this
useless process more power to them if
California wins in Massachusetts and
state of Washington in Minnesota want to
waste their resources and trying to
comply with the United Nations you know
as far as where I'm concerned witchcraft
trees that's great I'm all for it I
think what they're doing is they're
trying to say Trump's are relevant and
they're moving on the problem is without
the United States here eventually a lot
of these developing countries that we're
expecting big payouts if they don't get
it I don't think the US is gonna be
paying there's gonna start being some
balking down the road as part of this
almost like a bureaucratic party
planning committee for next year because
I hear they're they're always talking
about the next conference the next
conference the next conference where
they can get together and congratulate
themselves for I don't I'm not sure why
I like I don't know what goes on at
these things I was inside one I've been
outside one I don't know what happened
first of all there's a huge amount of
partying socializing and all that and
going on riverboats that's right river
boats and they've already announced next
year is in Poland now that'll be the
third polish event in ten years
it could be because they're cheaper but
it's also because Poland's one of the
countries that has been hesitant they're
trying to develop and they don't like
this so they're maybe just to continue
whatever they need to do they learn if
developing countries are balking they
increase the wealth redistribution they
know how to pay people off they know how
to organize this they know how to keep
this all together I did I did a TV
interview just a little while ago and
the host is like well how could all
these countries be wrong on global
warming well first of all it's a
political process the fact that all
these countries want something from a UN
treaty especially the developing world
doesn't make the science right well mark
are you going to pull in probably I'm
kind of disappointed you know one of the
things as it observer here is it's kind
of fun when they pick places like Bali
or Kenya and all these this is you know
two years in a row Germany and Poland
they're not getting the the wow factor
I'm kind of disappointed that you and
maybe they're having budget cutbacks
because they're not picking exotic
locales well like you said they probably
are putting the hard press on Poland
thanks for talking to me mark it's been
a wild crazy week a lot of hypocrisy on
the ground for sure thank you it has and
you know this is it's just it's a
monument of nothingness is what's going
on there really is there there
they're just you know yesterday
president macron came I confronted him
and actually told him President Trump is
correct on climate change I shook his
hand in a video I just wanted someone
here because it was so sick of fancy he
was treated literally when I say this
not metaphorically with a red carpet
arrival just like a Hollywood celebrity
and it was just nice that he heard from
someone that Toronto Trump is right that
there's a trump supporter here in the
audience because otherwise it's just
he's treated like a rock star celebrity
and they don't hear any it's an echo
chamber it's a giant echo chamber great
thanks for joining me mark it's been a
really crazy week here in Bonn Germany
at the UN climate change conference to
see all of my reports go to rebel UN
calm
