we're at the UN climate change
conference in Bonn Germany all this week
but not today today we took a train out
about 30 minutes to the gars Weiler coal
mine it's an open pit mine where they
mine lignite coal now the surface area
of the mine is about 48 square
kilometers but that doesn't tell the
whole story the mine is in a constant
state of reclamation remediation
there's even farmland from the
remediated land now I'd like to debunk a
little bit of the myths that you'll hear
about this mine you constantly hear that
this mine has displaced entire towns
that is true but it's not entirely true
the mine company itself picked up and
moved the houses of 900 people into the
town next door now the town next door is
important because as Catherine McKenna
and the UN make mash nations to unemploy
the 750 people who work at this mine
it also means economic devastation for
the town that services the mine that
town will die too the way we see towns
in Alberta dying because of Rachel not
least coil phase-out and but you won't
see people like Catherine McKenna down
here because the free bikes won't get
you here and there's no free swag bags
and dinner parties to be had in this
town for the rebel media I'm Sheila Gunn
Reed we're in Bonn Germany all this week
for the UN climate change conference we
are taking you places
and showing you things the mainstream
media just won't to see all of our
coverage and to pitch in to cover the
cost of our trip go to rebel un com
