I just arrived here in Bonn Germany just
behind me is the UN climate change
conference what they call cop 23 or the
conference of the parties I'm standing
outside right now because while I'm not
allowed in there because last year in
Morocco at the very same conference
being a skeptic I asked a sceptical
question of one of the Canadian
delegates and according to the UN that
constituted harassment so I'm not
allowed inside but I promise you I will
show you all the hypocrisy the waist and
the fakery that takes place at these
conferences as you can see just behind
me this is just one quarter of the
conference so these are all temporary
buildings temporary structures they're
all well heated it's cold out here by
the way but I have to talk over the
drone of the diesel generators that are
heating these facilities on the banks of
the Rhine River it's Sunday it's very
quiet here down at the conference it
seems as though the UN delegates have
the day off from fighting climate change
really the only people coming and going
in this area are people that are here to
shop at this little Winter Market right
behind us we've only just gotten here
and we've seen some really weird stuff
already I can't wait to show it all to
you if you support our form of
independent journalism if you want to
help cover our costs for the trip here
go to rebel un com
I'm here all week at the UN climate
change conference in Bonn Germany if you
can chip in to cover the cost of our
flights or accommodation go to rebel un
com
