Greenpeace they they took the they
screwed up our fish they screwed up the
seals they screwed up the fur trade and
we were left with nothing
amen amen coming back and they're gonna
take the oil stands from us yeah she's
like like we have money that is enabled
us to be out of poverty because of this
and grow our lives educate our children
you know pay for basic things so I mean
I think the vast majority of First
Nations want to live in the 20th century
and have the luxuries of the 20th
century which is education homes that
are heated vehicles maybe the ability to
travel that take the thing right and
that's what the oil science provides so
there's not this like no-one's going
back in time anytime soon Imus and I'm
for protecting cultural rights and
having it works by having the highest
environmental standards I'm for that but
I'm also realistic that everybody wants
to everybody every First Nations person
I know once I have a laptop than one of
a phone they want to be able to be
connect with the world cuz the world's
becoming so connected and it's just a
travesty what's happening
it's the biggest diversion tactic in
history and it is a shame that's an
excerpt from my weekly full-length show
the gun show on my show I take on the
issues of the day through my Alberta
conservative lens and I talked to the
real news makers the mainstream media
ignores to get access to my show in all
of our other premium content click the
link on the screen to subscribe today
you
