Democrats won big in Virginia last night
and we should be worried right actually
no in fact the silver lining in this
cloud is that this just might be the
beginning of the end of the
establishment GOP Democrat Ralph Northam
beat Republican Ed Gillespie by eight
point six points in Virginia last night
holding on to the governor's mansion for
the Democrats but the bigger story in
Virginia is the House of Delegates races
Republicans lost 16 seats Democrats
picked up 16 seats in the Virginia House
of Delegates the breakdown before last
night was 66 34 Republican as of today
because five of these races are going a
recount Democrats hold 48 seats
Republicans 47 and if the leaders in
those five districts going to recount
all win Virginia House of Delegates
gonna be split 50-50 again Democrats
picked up 16 seats and a little bit I'm
gonna tell you why but let's go through
some of the other races in New Jersey no
surprise no surprise at all Democrat
Phillip Murphy beat lieutenant governor
the Republican kim Guadagno by eight
points solid blue state New Jersey
getting bluer attacks mess oppressive
and and cost-prohibitive in which to
live no surprise that a Democrat won
there again another no surprise race New
York City Mayor Bill DeBlasio won by 39
there was a 30 yeah just about 39 points
yep the Blasio beat Nicole malliotakis
the Republican now again Nicole
malliotakis seemed like a nice woman get
some money behind her but there is no
Republican Party infrastructure in New
York City none at all
I mean it's virtually virtually
non-existent the state Republican Party
is run by a guy named Ed Cox he's very
blueblood old money type guy and they
deploy and divert no resources to races
in New York City because they know it's
a Democrat stronghold in fact the only
way a Republican can now win the New
York City mayor's race is if they are
insanely wealthy and very very famous
and preferably both you need tremendous
wealth to self funds you're not gonna
raise money as a Republican or you need
some very wealthy friends that you can
call and tap for the big money and you
need massive
recognition if you don't have that don't
even bother trying to run nicole
malliotakis was a sacrificial lamb
they're probably gonna need to throw
somebody up to save face she never had a
shot when the party doesn't give you
help when they don't give you a ground
game infrastructure offices phone banks
door knockers you're not gonna win we
all knew the outcome there as we get him
Boston mayor of Boston was named Marty
Walsh I beat his opponent did he counts
her name Tito Jackson by 30 points same
situation as New York solid blue
stronghold Republicans are not deploying
and diverting resources through these
cities where they know they've got a 1
to 2 percent chance of winning at best
at best that I'm being very generous
with that but let's go back to Virginia
and talk about some of the reasons
Virginia's turning solidly blue well
last year in April of last year 2016
then Virginia governor still he's still
at Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe
who's been a longtime Clinton fixer gave
felons the right to vote he restored the
Voting Rights of 200,000 felons in the
state of Virginia and if you look at the
demographics of last night's pickups for
Democrats and if you look at the
demographics of where Northam won it's
in the areas I was doing a lot of
analysis and numbers crunching this
morning the demographics are strong in
urban areas where many of these felons
live so this definitely
definitely contributed to the
Republicans lost last night as did I
believe voter fraud earlier this year
the earlier in 2017 the Public Interest
Legal Foundation found 5556 non-citizens
registered to vote in Virginia since
2011 now remember that's only the ones
they found they also found one thousand
in New Jersey when you look at two
hundred thousand felons given the vote
and nearly six thousand non-citizens and
illegals discovered on Virginia voter
rolls remember those of only the ones
they found you can bet your bottom
dollar more on their you start to
realize why Virginia is going solidly
blue but most importantly is that the
Republicans ran an establishment
milquetoast candidate in Ed Gillespie
oh sure at the end of the race Ed
Gillespie tried to talk Mogga tough and
tried to sound like Trump but he also
shunned Trump he didn't want to campaign
with him he didn't really embrace him it
was a very tepid embrace couple of sound
bites here and there a couple of tweets
but the rest of it was milquetoast
RNC establishment business as usual
politics while the Democrat Ralph
Northam went savage that ad by the
Latino victory fund on behalf of Northam
was reprehensible but it worked and the
ad basically claimed that if you're a
white patriotic American drives a pickup
truck and votes Republican you want to
run down little children of color
is this what Donald Trump and Ed
Gillespie mean by the American dream
Latino Victory Fund paid for and is
responsible for the content of this
advertisement well espy didn't fight
back he did nothing
he used the Jeb Bush approach of playing
nice a milquetoast boring
play nice campaign that saw him lose by
eight and a half points an estate quite
frankly he should have won there's a
even bigger issue that's a big one but
there's a bigger issue Republicans have
no wins to stand on John McCain is the
worst perpetrator of this alongside Paul
Ryan and Jeff Flake and all of the never
Trump cronies in the House of
Representatives in the Senate in the US
Congress they won't allow Trump's agenda
to succeed and so they're giving these
statewide candidates and local state
candidates no national republican wins
to run on it's pretty reprehensible the
establishment is so beside themselves
they are so beside themselves that
insurgent outsider Donald Trump won and
unseated 16 of their hand-picked primary
challengers most notably 150 million
dollar man Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio that
they will not they're so hysterical they
can't let Trump win and they're hurting
Republicans across the country it is
absolutely reprehensible and why guys
like Jeff Flake retiring voters are
rejecting them they're rejecting them
and rose why nobody likes John McCain
why most Republican voters want Paul
Ryan out his speaker the establishment
GOP is useless
it's weak and if they continue down this
path Republican candidates around the
country are gonna suffer the Fate the
Republicans did in Virginia last night
but see there's a light at the end of
the tunnel there is a silver lining in
this cloud I'm more concerned with
national races US Congress the US Senate
races and they're we're doing very very
well Republicans have won five out of
six special elections this year they've
kept four seats red that kept four seats
Republican a pick up a seat in South
Carolina and it looks like they're gonna
win in Alabama and the seats I'm talking
about
so in Kansas fourth congressional
district Ron Estes held on to my
haiya seat hump a of course is now CIA
director in Montana Ryan's Enki who
became our Secretary of the Interior his
seat was held by Greg Jian fort a
Republican in Georgia's 6th karen handel
now she's a never Trump RINO but she was
better than democrat john asif she held
that seat ralph
norman picked up while he held on a Mick
Mulvaney seat in South Carolina he beat
the DEM Archie Parnell uh in senator
from Alabama judge Roy Moore as our
candidate he's the Marga candidate and
that race is December 12th at races
coming up in a month
Utah's third last night a guy named John
Curtis a Republican held onto Jathan
jason Chaffetz a seat and so they really
thought South Carolina's fifth might
have gone Archer Parnell the dam Ralph
Norman beat them so I have to consider
that see to pick up because the Dems did
very well there I don't even consider
Georgia six a good win because John Asaf
the Democrat raised something like
twenty million dollars for a an Atlanta
suburb congressional race from Hollywood
so handle despite being not even a great
candidate her beating him says a lot
about the base maybe state races don't
don't really concern me because they
were very predictable where they
happened Virginia went for Hillary New
Jersey's blue New York City Boston all
very predictable I'm looking at the
national races and president Trump even
tweeted something about that last night
basically saying that Ed Gillespie
didn't embrace him and that we've done
very well in four out of four House
races and he's a hundred percent right
now I think we're gonna continue to do
better but what we really need to do is
we need to get energized and we need to
hold we need to hold these establishment
politicians in Congress the task and the
man they start passing the president's
agenda because that's what's gonna
propel us to a win in 2018 if they don't
if they continue to be obstructionist
and help Democrats we're gonna have a
tough time but again the silver lining
in that cloud might just be voters will
be completely fed up they'll burn down
the establishment Republican GOP and
we'll finally be able to build it from
the grassroots back up
if you like this content as much as I
love bringing it to you every day please
subscribe to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org this
you
