the latest terror attack in New York
illustrates many of the challenges of
integrating Muslim migrants the
perpetrator safe Allah say pop was an
Uzbek immigrant who arrived in 2010
those who knew him a little describe him
as an unlikable man prone to angry
outbursts somebody who struggled to keep
consistent work they also describing as
someone who embraced the religious
freedoms in America where he could
openly practice his Islamic faith
despite working as an accountant in
Uzbekistan he can only work as a truck
driver in America his migration was via
the green card lottery something unique
to America and one symbolic of its
openness to immigrants renewing and
energizing successive generations and as
a child of immigrants myself I applaud
this sentiment and I'm a big believer in
the importance of migration to continue
the prosperity and inclusiveness of
countries like Australia Canada or
America but when you think of terrorism
as the conflation of personal
resentments with the ideology of
political resentment that Islamism is
countries have extra challenge when it
comes to Muslim migrants and migrants
particularly those who can't find work
now this is especially problematic as
advanced economies have less and less
secure work for those without skills now
in Australia this occurred to some
extent with refugees derivations of
which were more likely to be involved in
terrorism related activities now many
people become upset at this suggestion
seeing is some kind of slur on refugees
all of them have come from considerable
challenges no doubt it shouldn't be it's
really an indicator that is a group they
have more trouble getting a leg up on
the economic ladder the overwhelming
majority will have little interest in
terror but unfortunately few will those
few like it or not tend to be Muslim now
say pop was not a refugee but had much
in common in terms of his lack of
advanced skills in securing work he's
added disadvantage was he just wasn't
very likable which limited his ability
to form social connection
this kind of lone wolf attacks have
become the norm now partly because our
authorities are much better at war ting
potential attacks and a much more
sophisticated when more than one person
is is involved now one aspect of
Islamism that we can take some heart
from is that it's simply not very
attractive to the vast majority of
people including Muslims unfortunately
many Muslims would do some Muslims do
have sympathy for the views but
thankfully it's only some misfits and
the borderline mentally ill that might
act out violently now this is a big
difference to communism for example
where large sections of the
intelligentsia were drawn towards but
the problem integrating Muslim migrants
remain especially those unlikely to
prosper economically and therefore more
likely to breed resentment which is the
precursor to terrorism I'm ten pyramid
if you liked that video please subscribe
to rebel media
you
