a Halifax music concert was marred by an
act of racism but in the aftermath a
question arises just who was being
racist to whom
upon the conclusion of something called
the Halifax pop explosion music festival
organizers are profusely apologizing for
the quote overt racism displayed by a
volunteer during a performance by singer
Leto pimenta what you've never heard of
Leto pimenta me neither
here's a sonic sampling of Lido belting
out a tune that would make Yoko Ono
blush
oh wow somewhere coyotes are howling oh
and by the way Ledo the state of Neil
Armstrong just texted me they need the
tarp back for the lunar lander anyway
Ledo pimenta is a Columbian Canadian
musician whose 2016 album lapa Pesa won
a Polaris which I understand is one hell
of a snowmobile in any event at one
point during the Halifax pop explosion
music festival Leto invited people of
color to come to the front of the stage
that meant people who have my pale face
complexion were ordered to the back of
the bus or I mean the concert venue
every honky obeyed ledo's marching
orders except for one volunteer
photographer who didn't want to give up
her vantage point and with good reason I
imagine if you're a photographer you
probably need to be close to the stage
in order to get some good shots of
little lead oh well Lidl was livid let
me tell you demanding 10 times over that
this stubborn woman who was obviously
full of white privilege needed the
vamoose the brown-skinned audience
members were also peeved that the
photographer initially wouldn't budge it
was like who the hell does this chick
think she is Rosa Parks well event
organizers eventually marched in and
removed that pesky white skin and in the
aftermath a statement was issued on
behalf of the festival's Board of
Directors they have promised to make
changes to improve quote anti oppression
and anti-racism training end quote so
that this sort of sordid event doesn't
occur next year but wait a second if
anyone needs to take anti racism
training
shouldn't that be Lido in the festival
organizers because there was indeed
overt racism on display at the Halifax
pop explosion music festival all right
but it was being perpetrated against a
white female photographer who was simply
trying to do her job doesn't get any
more racist than that for the rebel dawn
media I'm David the men's ID Menzies hey
folks the rebel has an all new fall
lineup
visit the rebel dot media slash shows
and check it out
you
