things can always get worse Coderre was
anti oil anti industry anti Western
Canada I remember when he marched in a
in a parade where they were actually
Hezbollah terrorists flags who there was
a crony but Valery plant is a hardline
leftist the NDP were thrilled by her
victory this week and then even further
to the left party called Quebec
Solidaire they were thrilled to they
have three seats in the Quebec
provincial legislature including a
former leader of the student riot
movement in Montreal and a pro Islamist
politician named Amir Kadir they love
Valarie plan Coderre was too
establishment to right-wing for them and
don't think for a second Valery plants
supports energy East I mean it's a debt
issue now Trudeau killed it but look at
this tweet by her Thomas was celebrating
the death of energy East and she said
this is a translation on Twitter
beautiful citizen victory in the energy
East file we must now begin our
transition to clean energy yeah clean
like OPEC oil is that what you mean or
clean like this sewage dump in the st.
Lawrence Seaway Valerie plant isn't
obsessed with the energies pipeline the
same way Denis Coderre whisker there was
always grandiose and he knew where the
cameras were the national TV and he had
tasted the national stage and loved
baiting Western Canada plant isn't such
a showboat but I think she's deadlier
for her being anti oil and anti industry
is so obvious she doesn't feel the need
to say it she's a true far leftist it's
just assumed she's against oil and gas
but really can those of us who look to
cities like Calgary Edmonton or
Vancouver's for political role model can
we really be that mad at Montreal for
electing a leftist Alberta and
Saskatchewan Alberta and BC which have
NDP governments and Vancouver Calgary
and Edmonton with left-wing mayors
what's their excuse that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levante
show normally it's behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube if you want to
subscribe to watch the daily show every
day including always two interviews
today and I read my hate mail just click
on this screen and become a Premium
Member
you
