26 innocents slaughtered at a church in
Texas and the left didn't waste one
second before politicizing the tragedy
the massacre at the First Baptist Church
in Sutherland Springs Texas yesterday is
a tragedy beyond words 26 innocent
people slaughtered for doing nothing
other than worshiping on a Sunday
morning
among them the fourteen-year-old
daughter of the pastor and his wife our
hearts our thoughts our prayers go out
to these families these victims
the entire community of Sutherland
Springs Texas but that's not what
today's show is about today's show is
about the disgraceful political play by
Democrats by progressives seconds after
the incident jumped off guys like
Richard Blumenthal and Chris Murphy it
just be terrible terrible Democrats in
Congress who didn't waste a second they
didn't care about the victims
they were chomping at the bit they were
salivating to push their far left
radical agendas now gun control is
typically pushed through the lens of
ignorance Democrats progressives are
completely ignorant to firearms they're
ignorant to firearms law they're
ignorant to the criminal mind let me
give you an example of what I mean take
a look at this graphic on your screen
two rifles the one on top would most
likely be considered acceptable to
Democrats looks like a hunting rifle
right
while the one on the bottom is an evil
assault rifle it should be banned it
should be banned from society you should
be a felon from merely owning one a
criminal but those rifles function
identically the rifle on top is a Ruger
mini-14 it fires the two to three
civilian 556 NATO round as does the air
15 style rifle on the bottom both rifles
have semi automatic action
semi-automatic firing mechanisms both
rifles have interchangeable magazines
now the one on top happens to in the
photo have a five round magazine that's
flush with the stock while the one on
the bottom has a thirty round mag but
the one on top can accept a 30 round
magazine the one on top can accept the
drum magazine that holds hundreds of
rounds in other words these rifles fire
identical rounds and function
identically they have identical magazine
capacity depending on which magazine you
choose to use the only difference is
aesthetic yep that's right
Democrats and progressives want to ban
the rifle on the bottom because it looks
different than the rifle on top despite
the fact that it having the same width
ality the same rate of fire the same
mechanical functionality and when you
set public policy through the lens of
ignorant for 300 plus million Americans
it's a slippery slope to total statism
it's terrible
now Democrats are also calling for gun
laws I tweeted yesterday only Dems are
dumb enough to think that a guy who
willingly committed 26 counts of capital
murder would be deterred by another gun
law think about that for a second this
guy left his home to intentionally kill
as many people as possible and
tragically succeeded in killing 26
innocents yet Democrats think that if we
had gun laws he would have been deterred
but he the killer I didn't even want to
say his name
Devon Patrick Kelly his savage murderer
and add it disgusts me that have to
utter his name he proved them wrong with
his own action see he bought this
firearm legally by committing a crime in
lying on this form I have in front of me
the US Department of Justice Bureau of
Alcohol Tobacco Firearms and Explosives
Form 4473 also known as the firearms
transaction record it's the form that
everyone must fill out when buying a
firearm in the United States through a
federal firearm
license holder now he broke federal law
when he lied on this form and signed it
and where he lied was in section 11
first on subsection C which asks have
you ever been convicted in any court of
a felony or any other crime for which
the judge could have been prison you for
more than one year even if you receive
the shortest sentence including
probation he answered no that was a lie
that was a violation of federal law
because we now know that in 2014 he was
convicted in a military court a felony
domestic violence and served the year in
confinement he also lied on subsection G
have you been discharged from the armed
forces under dishonorable conditions he
said no he was he was dishonorably
discharged so he committed a felony he
broke federal law by lying on than
signing this form now there appears to
have been another breakdown he also
passed his NICs check and what Nick's is
is the National instant criminal
background check system that's the phone
call that's made after you fill out this
form when buying a gun to determine
whether or not you have any criminal
background that would disqualify you or
prohibit you from owning he passed that
check and that tells me and I saw what
that told me was some things I spoke to
some sources and Department of Defense
and they could incur it it's being
looked into as to whether or not the
Department of Defense properly shared
his military court conviction
information with the Department of
Justice with the NCIC the National Crime
Information Center because those are the
databases that the NICS system taps to
see whether or not you have a criminal
record it taps federal and state
databases to make sure you're not a
prohibited what's called a prohibited
person but that system broke down we
have to do better there but it also
appears mental illness was at work here
this is a guy who was described as
creepy crazy and weird by high school
classmates he was an atheist who
preached ap ism and he walked into a
church and killed innocence but we have
to look at mental illness now the left
is hysterical
on social media and traditional media
today saying Donald Trump rolled back
all these great restrictions Barack
Obama had on the mentally ill Donald
Trump wants mentally ill people to have
firearms
that's ridiculous look I am the
staunchest supporters and defender of
the Second Amendment nobody want
mentally ill homicidal
even suicidal people to have firearms we
don't people to hurt themselves
any more than we want them to hurt and
badly kill others that is not what
Donald Trump rolled back so you got
understand the Obama era regulations
disproportionately affected veterans and
in a very very draconian way what do I
mean by that well the crux of this was
that veterans were returning from the
war many suffering PTSD the vast
majority suffering debilitating PTSD but
they saw this and they would check
themselves voluntarily in the PTSD
treatment facilities one of the
stipulations was they had to surrender
in most states and according to federal
government they had to voluntarily
surrender their firearms because they
were now undergoing treatment for
psychological disorders and they did
think about this these were responsible
people who served our nation in a deadly
war zone it came home they said there's
something psychologically wrong with me
I want to be cured I want to be a
hundred percent again we're gonna follow
all the rules I'm gonna voluntarily
surrender my weapons we're going to
voluntarily go for my psychological
treatment and many of these people
emerge from that treatment a hundred
percent it happened to a very good
friend of mine who was in the Navy the
problem is that there was no path the
firearms rights restoration for these
people there still isn't in simple terms
they voluntarily surrendered their guns
they followed the law they followed all
the rules and when they were deemed 100%
by a doctor
many of these people are working in the
government many of them have seek a
security clearance a secret and top
secret my friend who went through this
had a top-secret security clearance
Center for Disease Control
now he's a finance manager at a major
corporation yet he still cannot get his
firearms back because there is no legal
path to do it it's not that he's deemed
psychologically unfit it was just
something that was missed there was no
legal mechanism and many veterans are
hunters and recreational shooters so
when they started to hear this they
opted to not get PTSD treatment rather
than walk around for life with the
stigma of not being able to own firearms
not being able to hunt with their family
or go recreationally shooting with their
friends it was a terrible terrible
oversight on the part of the Obama
administration the Trump administration
realized the problem and rolled it back
until the entire system could be fixed
many many people are looking into how to
prevent the mentally ill from obtaining
guns the problem with this guy even
though with with Kelly was even though
he was described as creepy crazy and
weird by high school classmates that's
not grounds for civil commitment there's
nothing illegal about being creepy or
crazy or weird in the non-clinical sense
you can't just civilly commit somebody
if they don't come in and act that
warrants it now he beat his wife and he
did a year in jail in military prison
for doing so but for simply being a
weird guy where we still live in America
you can't just scoop somebody up and
throw them into an insane asylum for
being creepy crazy and weird and so we
have to also live with the fact that
these events will happen because that's
human nature but we do have to do better
with regard to evaluating mental illness
and putting provisions in place that
prevent these people from getting
firearms while not allowing it to be
used arbitrarily like it was under the
Obama administration make no mistake the
Obama administration wanted to paint
mental illness with a very broad brush
as a backdoor gun grab and so I'm very
torn on this issue and I'm gonna wait
for the experts to provide much more
information before we start talking
about public policy because this one
really bites into the heart of the
Second Amendment and look nobody ever
again wants to see a tragedy where
dozens are killed but it's gonna happen
is there are bad people in the world if
Kelly didn't have a gun he might have
used a truck as the terrorists in New
York City days before he might have used
a bomb he might have used a knife there
are plenty of ways to kill people you
don't need a gun and criminals do not
follow the law again this guy killed 26
people 26 counts of capital murder
luckily he's dead and we think he was
killed by a good guy with a gun the kind
of person needs progressives would have
chosen to disarm a neighbor engaged him
in gunfire it stopped the massacre the
neighbor and another neighbor then that
neighbor and another neighbor then
pursued him in a vehicle when they found
him he his car run into a ditch and he
was dead in the vehicle now it's still
unknown whether he killed himself or the
Good Samaritans shots contacted and were
fatal but law enforcement in the area I
spoke to a couple of people in law
enforcement they're leaning toward the
Good Samaritan engaging him and causing
the fatal wounds but let's wait on that
the official report progressives would
have chosen to disarm the good guy they
would have chosen to allow this massacre
to continue because there were no armed
good guys in the area
if progressive policies were enacted how
many would be dead how many innocents
would be dead we have no idea
we have no idea but it tells me one
thing gun control is absolutely not
the answer the violent crime if you find
segments like this as important as I do
and I'm sure you do if you're watching
this show please subscribe to our
premium service at www
if you're already a subscriber thank you
very much I'll be back with you tomorrow
thanks for watching
you
