well I'm here in front of the office of
the member for Fairfield guys Angora
he's the one who moved the motion
condemning mark Latham's Outsiders in
the New South Wales Parliament he's the
one who knows nothing about what's
happened in his electorate the paucity
of English language skills he's the one
who's done nothing to try and help the
90% of people that we've spoken to who
just haven't got the national language
they don't speak English and even worse
than that he's made ridiculous comments
in the parliament let's have a look he
said Mark Latham came into the
electorate and basically bullied in
accosted individuals had only been in
the country for a short time and who had
come from war-torn war-torn areas and
rammed a microphone in their faces and
started talking to them these people
came here to escape the torture and
trauma that's what he says torture and
trauma they suffered before they got
here yet now they're confronted by an
individual like Mark Latham well I think
you can see from the video we presented
yesterday people are kind enough they're
not hiding from me they just don't speak
English mostly they were saying they
speak Arabic and that's all we have the
English language skills in thank you
thank you okay thank you my which
language skills in Fairfield do you
think they're very good very good
Chinese yeah how many people do you
think speak English no thank you very
much thanks for speaking English Syrian
or Arabic okay well thanks for time
language skills here in Fairfield do you
speak English well you know my gang
which is Arabic Arabic I can't read
which yeah oh where did you come from
I'm coming in Syria Syria before we're
32 you exactly okay thank you so no one
was feeling tortured or traumatized like
Zhang gari would have you believe this
is how crazy this guy is he'd have you
believe that me talking to people on the
streets of fear feels worse than the
invasion of Iraq
you know the invasion of Iraq torture
and traumatic experiences it's
absolutely ridiculous
and there's another Labour MP who
chipped in with some zany comments Tania
mahalik from the seed of banks town
mahalik said this mark Lathan a burly
bloke with an ugly mug an ugly mug
accosted some poor people on the street
and thrust the microphone into their
faces I can understand why they did not
take the opportunity to comment what
she's saying the people here are liars
they're lying when they say no English
no English only Arabic so mihaela cos
the people of Fairfield an apology the
truth is they haven't been assisted to
get into jobs they've been dumped into
the one place with a high unemployment
rate they've been dumped into welfare
dependency and as for me Hayley
commenting on my looks and appearance
well have a look at her here she is you
make your own judgment as to her
qualifications I mean well I won't go
any further but you make your own
judgment about Tania mahalik and the
slur she's placed on me she knows
nothing about what's happening here on
the streets of Fairfield so now I'm
gonna go in I'm gonna go in and talk to
a guy Zangara or East I'll find out what
they are doing about this crisis of 90%
of people on the streets here not
speaking the national language of
English
hi there I was hoping to speak to mr.
Zhang Gary not here do you know what
he's doing about the problem of people
not speaking English in Fairfield is
anything happening nobody knows who he
is
well when can I make an appointment to
speak to him is he here is he hiding out
the back or sorry well now he's had a
lot to say in Parliament about rebel
Australia and me making up things saying
that I tortured and traumatized people
on the streets that's totally untrue
well looks like Zhang Gary is not going
to answer any questions
looks like he's staff I've gone around
the corner we've got no one here really
to ask what are they doing about English
language skills on the streets of
Fairfield this guy takes his money from
the taxpayers an MP we couldn't find
anyone out there who's ever heard of him
and he's mouthing off to say
multiculturalism is a wonderful success
but we know for a fact people can't
speak to each other in the national
language of English and how can you
possibly have a community where people
can't talk to each other get to know
each other and build a proper integrated
society so it's a real problem
he's the Invisible Man it's a vacuum
there nobody's around I can ring the
bell all day and that's the noise you
get in this office no help for the
people out there with jobs they've just
got welfare dependency and a member of
parliament
who's mouthing off in denouncing me in
the cowards castle but won't come here I
couldn't even get a time there an
appointment from his staff where he'd
have a chat about it so this is what
they think of free speech these lefties
they think talking to people on the
street is torture and trauma and when it
comes to putting his side of the story
here I'm in his office I couldn't have
done any more than front up right here I
can't even get an appointment to talk to
guy Zangara one of the greatest frauds
to ever sit in the New South Wales
Parliament I'm Mark Latham for revel
Australia
and if you like that video please share
it with all your family and friends on
social media and support our campaign to
keep free speech alive in Australia
fight back against law fair at Stan with
Latham com very important to help us
stand with Latham calm
you
