it's okay to be fat who says so a fat
calmest in Cosmopolitan magazine yet if
that's truly the case why is every Cosmo
covergirl Barbie doll skinny
recently I came across a fascinating
column in Cosmopolitan magazine it was
entitled when fat shaming bullies
terrorized this body-positive
Instagrammer
she used a genius strategy to cope the
Instagrammer in question is 22 year old
Lexi Mannion and her post was
essentially about the pressures
plus-sized woman encounter when it comes
to their clothing in a nutshell Mannion
notes that quote as a plus-sized woman
if I'm wearing comfy clothes I'm seen as
not trying hard enough in many people's
eyes fat equals lazy unhealthy gross so
it's another strike of judgment when I'm
not putting all my effort into that
day's look and especially now that I
have embraced my body as a fat person
people who expect me to always be
wearing risque clothing I'm here to tell
you to eff the rules if you want to wear
something baggy I do for comfort for or
on days I don't want to stand out you
are no less confident end quote
now this commentary was accompanied by a
couple of photos the first one depicts
Mannion in a see-through top that leaves
little to the imagination
the second photo depicts Mannion wearing
a few layers she notes that she's
confident while clad in either outfit
but many of the comments from those
viewing her posting and photos were
downright cruel here's a sampling you
are so fat WTF how disgusting and then
there was you fat ass don't show your
fatness now Mannion says she receives
several hundred hateful messages about
her weight and wardrobe choices those
comments are regrettable and certainly
graphically indicate yet again the dark
side of the internet which is to say
behind the cloak of anonymity people
will often utter the most hurtful things
imaginable things they'd never dream of
saying if the person were they were
targeting was in the same room in that
regard my heart goes out to Mannion but
then I think things kind of go off the
rails because Mannion goes on to state
how she now embraces her fatness now
while someone shouldn't be pillory
for being obese I don't think one should
look upon obesity as a badge of honor
either that's because when you're obese
you are essentially speeding up the
process of dying check out some of the
typical health issues associated with
obesity according to Web MD heart
disease and stroke high blood pressure
diabetes some cancers gallbladder
disease and gall stones
osteo arthritis gout and breathing
problems such as sleep apnea and asthma
Manion initially states in her column
that she has no major health issues
besides back pain linked to recent
weight gain a side effect of the
antidepressant she takes but this
pronouncement of being healthy makes me
raise a spa key and eyebrow when she
also states the following quote as a
suicide attempt survivor and someone who
sought treatment for post-traumatic
stress disorder anxiety depression and
bulimia I've developed lots of skills
that help me respond calmly to upsetting
things end quote
now I'm no MD here but I don't think
someone's struggling with all those
issues is exactly the picture of health
so is there perhaps a common-sense
middle-ground being overlooked here
which is to say maybe if there's someone
who is obese in your life that you care
for
perhaps you should diplomatically
suggest that this person should consider
diet and exercise maybe that would be a
true act of kindness and in the
department of perverse irony if the
editors at cosmopolitan truly buy into
the logic of manion's column then why
pray tell has there never been a Manion
sized model gracing the cover of Cosmo I
mean look at these previous covers
throughout the decades it's almost as
though Cosmo cover girls from come from
the same factory that mass produces
Barbie dolls now granted Cosmo did go
off the reservation at least once by
putting Ashley Graham on the cover but
Graham is curvy not obese and of note
Graham's appearance on Cosmo did not go
down well with certain members of the
supermodel community Cheryl
Teague's noted quote I don't like that
we're talking about full-figured women
because it's glamorizing them because
your waist should be smaller than 35
inches end quote
but I don't think Teague's has the right
mindset here either because for the vast
majority of woman on the planet trying
to maintain the body image of a
supermodel might also lead to a negative
effect on one's health surely there is a
happy medium yeah and by the way I know
I'm gonna get comment slamming me for
weighing in on body weight given that
I'm not exactly skinny mini fair enough
yes I'm fat I admit it but the only
reason I'm not circus fat is due to diet
and exercise I could choose to wave the
white flag of surrender and spiral into
the realm of the supersize but I want to
enjoy life and such enjoyment is
somewhat limited if you're morbidly
obese bottom line and the Cosmo column
Mannion is depicted wearing a t-shirt
that states quote your body is not your
enemy end quote sorry Mannion but
sometimes it is for the rebel dot media
I'm David the men's ID Menzies hey folks
the rebel has an all-new fall lineup
please visit the rebel dot media slash
shows and check it out
you
