edmonton oilers superstar Connor McDavid
is being pilloried by the progressives
the reason they hated us Halloween
costume
if there was a jump the shark NATO
moment in terms of the war on Halloween
this year it was surely they
cross-checking Connor McDavid endured
from the PC passe McDavid sin he wore a
very very offensive costume oh my that
sounds serious doesn't it did he Don
black face I'm NATIVE headdress perhaps
surely he didn't dawn the haberdashery
of Adolf Hitler well no no and no horror
of Horrors McDavid dressed up as Donald
Trump while his girlfriend Lauren Kyle
played the role of Melania
yeah who knew that donning a business
suit an American flag lapel and a blonde
hewed wig would elicit controversy from
those residing in snowflake nation the
initial Instagram title red making
America great again before it was edited
to read mr. and mrs. Trump Oz that's
because in addition to the costume the
social justice warriors also objected to
the caption one chimed in with the
following the caption is all kinds of
tone-deaf especially seeing is that
catchphrase is used by Trump to promote
racism homophobia etc Wow
by the way Connor that was a mistake
retitling the post never played defense
when it comes to these PC whiners they
won't show you any gratitude and they
will always ask for yet more
capitulation always stay on the offense
and don't feed the animals typical of
the outrage was this commentator who
chimed in on Twitter saying quote
figures that the first time Connor
McDavid showed even a hint of
personality it would be to showcase that
he's actually a bad person end quote
like what the hell even if Trump was the
second coming of Genghis Khan
how does dressing as a villain
make the person donning the costume
villainous another troll noted quote Tai
Chi short got too small skin not orange
enough more pulp fiction than fictitious
fake news end quote
McDavid meanwhile showed wisdom beyond
his years by noting quote you know what
it's a Halloween costume and that's all
it was it was not meant to be anything
or mean anything it was a Halloween
costume
end quote here's what I don't get if
dressing up as Donald Trump is somehow
verboten then why do the nut bars on the
Left
get to do so with impunity case in point
back in February in Toronto a bunch of
woman and an effeminate men called
themselves the P beavers as they donned
Trump wigs to protest the Bayes decision
to sell even
Trump designer dresses check it out like
Trump is is a misogynist right so if I
protest against his daughter and that
brand in that information that they
support then I am fighting for women's
rights and the rights of everyone when I
look at our country say Saudi Arabia a
woman can't drive can't vote has to
completely cover herself in a fabric I
mean to me that seems far more
misogynistic than anything coming out of
the White House oh I disagree entirely
oh absolutely grab her by the pussy you
think that's acceptable we don't that
was locker room talk but by the same
token you're calling yourself the P
Bevers yeah isn't that a a slur word for
female genitalia as well um I guess
we're co-opting the name it's satirical
did you catch that last comment folks
the Eye of Sauron is upon us
but in summary I guess the new rules
when it comes to donning a Donald Trump
costume is that it is only socially
acceptable to do so if you are obviously
mocking the president if your costume
might be construed as honoring the
president well as Connor McDavid found
out that's just way offside don't you
just love how the progressives seemed to
be making up the rules as they go along
when it comes to freedom of expression
what a bunch of hypocrites for the rebel
media I'm David the men's ID Menzies hey
folks the rebel has an all-new fall
lineup please visit the rebel dot media
slash shows and check it out
you
