despite hysteria and misinformation by
the mainstream media I'm going to tell
you why the George papadopolis guilty
plea is as irrelevant as the mana Ford
indictment of President Donald Trump now
the mainstream media is absolutely giddy
they're hysterical they're celebrating
the throne parties they're popping
bottles at the corner table in clubs
racking up big tabs over George
papadopolis pleading guilty part and
parcel the Special Counsel Robert
Muller's investigation into prompt
Russia collusion press Cilicia the fix
over at CEO now he's the point over at
CNN wrote why george papadapolis is
guilty plea is a much bigger problem for
Trump than the mana Ford indictment our
friends over at The New York Times wrote
why George papadopolis is more dangerous
than Paul Manafort except it isn't a
Papadopoulos thing is a big nothing
now Papadopoulos you have to understand
who this guy was
he was a low-level staffer yesterday I
tweeted well Papadopoulos was an unpaid
foreign policy campaign advisor who
stupidly lied to the FBI he wanted Trump
to meet Putin Trump team said no and
today President Trump called
Papadopoulos a liar and a low-level
volunteer now look my tweet yesterday
got thousands and thousands of retweets
about 10,000 likes almost 6,000 retweets
because people that understand how
campaigns work understand how
significant Papadopoulos was but let me
give you a little inside baseball right
now into what a guy like Papadopoulos
does and who he is on a campaign
on a presidential campaign there are
thousands upon thousands of volunteers
around the country Papadopoulos was an
unpaid foreign policy advisor there are
dozens of those the mere fact that
President Trump will now president Trump
then candidate Trump mentioned him in a
news item in an immediate hit is
irrelevant
I advise candidates on communications
often and one of the things I always
advise candidates to do is give a pat on
the back and attaboy the people who are
working long hours helping the campaign
for very little to no money campaign
work is tough you get terrible food
cheap hotel rooms and coach airplane
seats in the way back of the cabin it is
not glamorous work not by a longshot you
often work around the clock you often
don't get expenses reimbursed if you're
a volunteer but to hear the candidate
mention your name and say something nice
about you goes a long way I doubt Donald
Trump could have picked George
papadopolis out of a lineup pun intended
back then he was simply a guy at a
higher level staffers put any
Papadopoulos name on a piece of paper
and said to the candidate then candidate
Trump hey say something nice about these
five people the candidate did like
candidates in every election do every
election cycle the mainstream media is
trying to make you believe that George
papadopolis was in Trump's ear every day
that he was a close confidant and
associate nothing could be further from
the truth and the guy didn't last long
on the Trump campaign but most
importantly have a copy of George
papadopolis his plea George papadopolis
wasn't didn't plead guilty to anything
remotely resembling illegal collusion
with Russia he pleaded guilty because
quote the defendant George papadopolis
made material false statements and
material omissions during an interview
with the Federal Bureau of Investigation
that's all it was he lied to federal
investigators and he was a moron for
doing so because collusion is not a
federal crime and that's the crux of
today's show this is what the mainstream
media this is the Democratic National
Committee this is what all the liars out
there McCallum Liars are not telling you
there is no federal statute there is no
crime of collusion as it pertains to
elections at election law it is
perfectly legal or a us-based campaign
team to meet with a Russian national who
might have information on the opposition
candidate as long as money is not
exchanging hands in violation of the
foreign agent Registration Act it's
perfectly legal to take a meeting at
Trump Tower it's perfectly legal to meet
for dinner it's perfectly legal to
discuss that opposition research there's
nothing remotely illegal about it at all
there is no law on the books campaigns
do it every day and there's nothing
illegal about Americans meeting or doing
business with Russians we share
diplomatic relations with Russia era
McDonald's in Moscow we do joint
military exercises with Russia the
Russia height now look Russia is not a
friend they hack us they want our
secrets they help some of her enemies
around the world but in terms of
diplomatic relations Russia is not an
enemy it is perfectly legal to meet with
Russian nationals to do business with
them as long as you file the proper
paperwork so all of this - hysteria is
designed to lie to you so that you get a
false picture of what really occurred
Papadopoulos send emails trying to set
up a meeting with Russians who
supposedly had information on Hillary
Clinton none of that was illegal nothing
about that was remotely illegal it was
perfectly legal and that's why
Papadopoulos george papadapolis is an
idiot he should never have lied to the
FBI he should have said I absolutely did
those things these are the dates here's
my cell phone here's my laptop here are
the emails and Haddie
you'd never know his name Muller was
searching for a problem he is
is nothing really but a problem in
search of a solution that's what Muller
is now Gregg Jarrett wrote an
outstanding piece on Fox News and he
titled it still no evidence of Trump
Russia collusion but Hillary is a
different matter
we're in Gregg notes what I just said he
said to put it plainly now gregg jarrett
is a brilliant lawyer and a great legal
analyst one of my favorites he said to
put it plainly muller is tasked with
finding a crime that does not exist in
the law it is a legal impossibility he
is being asked to do something that is
manifestly unattainable and Gregg is
right there's no crime of collusion this
is all hype also understand why a guy
like George papadopolis would have lied
to FBI agents they're intimidating law
enforcement can be very intimidating to
a 29 year old academic who came at the
oil and gas industry I know I was on the
other side of that table I was one of
those investigators threatening your
entire life threatening to incarcerate
you for years upon years and destroy
everything you know and love if you
didn't give us the information we want
it if you didn't plead guilty that's the
game Papadopoulos probably should have
lawyer it up and he lawyered up his
lawyer would have told him nothing you
did was illegal so just tell them the
truth but he didn't and now he's paying
the price and that's his problem but
tying him to Donald Trump and somehow
suggesting that this implies deep-seated
collusion and Trump and Putin planning
to overthrow the United States is
ridiculous it's stupid now what I love
about Brett Jarrett's pieces that he
goes on to say however Hillary may very
well have broken the law he says quote
it could be said that Hillary Clinton is
the one who was conspiring with the
Russians by breaking campaign finance
laws with impunity and of course he's
talking about that now twelve million
dollars that we know was spent by the
Clinton campaign you hire fusion GPS and
Christopher steel to produce that fake
news dossier on Donald Trump we also now
know that that Obama for America ofa
Obama's PAC spent nine hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars through
Perkins coal that same law firm to pay
fusion gps and that's what gregg jarrett
means by hillary violating campaign
finance laws instead of disclosing her
campaigns payments diffusion GPS on the
Federal Election Commission website she
funneled them through Perkins Kohl her
law firm to hide the disbursements from
the federal government Hillary Clinton
and her campaign team should clearly be
indicted and that's why Muller's
witch-hunt needs to be shut down now but
going back to the point at hand
Papadopoulos is guilty plea is in no way
shape or form a reflection on President
Trump because again meeting with the
Russians meeting with any nation any
national of any nation with which we
have diplomatic relations to obtain
opposition research on an opposing
candidate as long as no money exchanges
hands which was never alleged in this
case no one ever alleged the Trump team
paid anybody it's not illegal and that's
why if Jeff Sessions our missing
Attorney General doesn't step in and
shut all this nonsense down like I said
yesterday we need an attorney general
that will if you like this content as
much as you know I love bringing it to
you please subscribe to our premium
service at www.mediaed.org this
you
