I feel a bit like I'm sending a child
off to school for the first time nervous
proud anxious hopeful all those things
but most of all I'm thrilled that our
documentary plasmids The Killing Fields
is now all yours it follows my journey
through South Africa meeting the white
farmers being systematically cleansed
from the land there are victims like
lovey Marietta whose face was blown away
by a shotgun blast or the beautiful Mary
Andra who buried her husband after he
was shot at point-blank range and gave
birth to their first son five days later
or brave Bernard whose own father was
bludgeoned to death on his driveway and
whose young sons now want to end their
lives to be with their grandfather it is
a tough watch but it is important that
you do there are truths there from
serving police officers and
distinguished academics which clearly
counter the lies we are being told in
the mainstream press that there is no
problem in South Africa and that this is
all some kind of far-right fabrication
and there are interviews with rape
victims and their rapists explaining why
the rape of a three-year-old child is
necessary to drive fear into the whites
to rid them from the land there are too
many people to thank
here our brave cameraman Oliver who was
unflappable against the odds
my security team who got me in and out
in one piece and the rebel media
supporters who made all of this possible
thank you now please click on the link
below to visit our plasmid site and
download your documentary the suggested
donation is three pounds or four dollars
to help us cover the costs of creating
and promoting this documentary and in
return I would love to send you my free
book plasmid as a gift to thank you for
helping this story
please watch cher repeat working
together the truths of the white farmers
of South Africa will be told
you
