you know he won't even touch a drop of
alcohol and we alleged the allegation
that he had this big prostitute poisoned
by the way then there's his gorgeous
supermodel wife yeah this whole story
was obviously a work of fiction
immediately for example Donald Trump's
lawyer who in the dossier was said to
have met with Russian spies in Prague
well he immediately proved that he had
never been to Prague in his life or of
course on the dates alleged in the
dossier it just immediately fell apart
immediately but this dossier so
laughable so sloppy so desperate it
became a thing BuzzFeed published it in
January it's now almost November and
it's all just Rasha Rasha Rasha since
that the whole point of the dossier
being to prove that Trump was in
collusion with Russia for example that
they were controlling him maybe they
were blackmailing him that they were
working with him no evidence of this in
any of the wiretapping that the CIA and
others have done on Trump no there's no
proof at all just this anonymous dashi
but look at this look at the news that
broke this week not in some right-wing
source but in the Democrat leaning
Democrat own Washington Post impeccable
sources the newspaper that broke
Watergate here's their headline Clinton
campaign DNC that's Democratic National
Committee paid for research that led to
Russia dossier let me read the first
line in the story the Hillary Clinton
campaign and the Democratic National
Committee helped fund research the
resulted in a now-famous dossier
containing allegations about president
Trump's connections to Russia and
possible coordination between his
campaign and the Kremlin people familiar
with the matter sent so this past year
of Russia Russia Russia who was
literally fake news created by a
propaganda company called fusion GPS
here let me read more from the
Washington Post fusion gps's work
researching Trump began during the
Republican presidential primaries when
the GOP donor paid for the firm to
investigate the real estate magnates
background when the Republican donors
stopped paying for the research Elias
that's one of the Clintons lawyers
acting on behalf of the Clay
and campaign and the DNC agreed to pay
for the work to continue
so this Elias carrot he was a Clinton
lawyer whose firm was paid 5.6 million
dollars by the Clinton campaign look at
this comment by Ken Vogel of the New
York Times when I tried to report this
story Clinton campaign lawyer mark Elias
pushed back vigorously saying you or
your sources are wrong so the Democrats
had created this fictitious and this
this fake anti Trump dossier they had
bought and paid for it and they lied
about having done so of course they died
lied I mean this is Hillary Clinton's
campaign you're talking about that's not
shocking that politicians and their
lawyers lie what's shocking is that the
New York Times is shocked that they lie
here's another New York Times bigshot
named Maggie Haberman who writes folks
involved in funding this lied about it
and with sanctimony for a year she feels
betrayed she feels burned because
obviously she believes what Democrats
tell her always has and if the New York
Times wasn't a mouthpiece for Clinton
and for the Russia conspiracy theory the
whole time I mean the sanctimony yeah
New York Times should talk so hey
mermans not upset that she was lied to
she's upset that she and her newspaper
are now embarrassed I think that's
really what she's upset about that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on youtube if you
want to subscribe to watch The Daily
Show every day including always two
interviews a day and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
