hey what's going on everyone welcome to
pure Hollywood the very first episode
and unfortunately the topic we're going
to talk about today is the complete
opposite of the title of this show so of
course we're gonna be discussing Harvey
Weinstein this whole scandal and the
dark side of Hollywood now for those of
you that don't know Harvey Weinstein is
a movie mogul and he was a co-founder of
Miramax and the CEO of The Weinstein
Company this company produced incredible
awesome movies like Good Will Hunting
and Shakespeare and love now this man
has been accused by over 40 women of
sexual assault abuse and even rape this
man needs to be slain with the full
power and force of the law and removed
from Hollywood Forever but is this an
isolated incident or is this a symptom
of something bigger that's been going on
to Hollywood in Hollywood for years so
let's get into the dark side of the City
of Angels the open secret that's been
kept by Hollywood for years through a
brief history of some well-known people
and big-time players in Hollywood now
Louie B Mayer founder of MGM had a
number of horror stories including Judy
Garland the star of The Wizard of Oz
Harry Cohen founder of Columbia Pictures
allegedly Audrey Hepburn and Joan
Crawford Ã¦lis big-time celebrities
would tell this man we're not
interesting the casting couch before
negotiating roles and movies and the
only reason they were even able to do
this was because they were that big in
Hollywood
Roman Polanski fled to France in the
late 70s only after he found out that he
would be facing jail time for allegedly
drugging and raping a 13 year old girl
now you might expect this man to be
shunned from the spotlight never to be
heard from again you'd be wrong he
actually won the Oscar in 2002 for
directing the pianist goes to Roman
Polanski
now let's get to our boy Harvey
Weinstein according to the National
Review Harvey Weinstein's employment
contract permitted him to engage in
sexual harassment get sued for it and
had the weinstein company paid judgments
to his victims
so yeah this has been going on for a
while but why is this kind of behavior
so normalized this is something that
people all knew about but we're not
coming forward and talking about how
does this happen
let's first look at the values of
Hollywood and what it espouses and you
almost need not look further than that
now for me as a Christian I fought back
my values from the Bible trying to do my
best to follow and live up to Jesus
Christ now I fall daily and screw up all
the time but every time I do it's
regrettable and detrimental to me
personally because of my beliefs now
that's my foundation and what does
Hollywood's foundation what is this
promulgate what is the culture of this
place well if you look at the open
marriage policies going on the escort
services do whatever you want to succeed
do whatever feels right for you this
lends itself for people to treat sex
like an object and not value it
whatsoever Marilyn Monroe and her memoir
described Hollywood is an overpopulated
brothel for producers Ryan Gosling says
in la-la land we should have won Best
Picture by the way who liked moonlight I
would like to know who that person was
and asked him why they did but in this
movie there's a great quote when he
talks about people in Hollywood these
people worship everything and value
nothing no not everyone believes in that
there's some great terrific people that
have values in Hollywood that do
terrific work but why did people not
know about this in Middle America how
come the masses didn't know about what
was going on but do not live here how
come the people that were new to
Hollywood that had these horrible
encounters not speak out why the people
that were established not speak out that
did have values and why didn't the a
list and below celebrities who now
condemn this behavior how come they
didn't speak out sooner and I can sum it
up in one word fear these gatekeepers
and producers and cash in return immense
power in Hollywood for example a pilot
the new show on TV right the first
episode to book a role in the pilot
these cast and writers producers will
see about 3,000 people and if you're
lucky enough you'll get called in two
maybe a hundred three hundred people if
you do a great job on your audition
you'd call back again to maybe
50 20 people and if you did an amazing
job maybe you'll test with three
different people and if you Wow these
producers enough
maybe you'll get cast and if you get
cast your show you finally got one right
except the studio Cannes about half the
pilots that they shoot and then you're
unemployed again so as you can imagine
and as you can see these people these
valuable amazing jobs there's so few
jobs and so many people vying for them
that these gatekeepers have an immense
amount of power and influence and
because the way this is structured
there's a few things that happens one
people see that there is an incredible
opportunity if I compromise my values if
I compromise for one night I could get a
role in a movie instead of working for
25 years to maybe make it and that kind
of action and transaction does happen
and it's horrible and it does but you
can understand how it can happen there's
also people who are afraid to speak out
because they have no influence and are
afraid of being blacklisted in Hollywood
if you have no power influence and you
speak out against one of these guys what
if he tells everyone else in Hollywood
that you're horrible to work with and
that he won't see you and will work with
you ever again that kind of fear happens
all the time and it's not just two
people that are first-time actors and
actresses Tim Allen got his show
cancelled which was one of the number
one comedies on TV and the only
conservative comedy going on at the time
got it canceled and when asked about it
he said there's nothing more dangerous
especially in this climb and then a
funny likeable conservative James Woods
also said the only reason I expressed my
views is that I've accepted the fact
that I'm blacklisted also I bought
stocks in the 80s if you haven't
followed James Wood on Twitter he's
fantastic now these guys have got
blacklisted not for speaking out against
sexual harassment not for doing anything
dangerous not to anything that would
that would put these producers and
casting directors in jeopardy
they got blacklisted just for a
differing opinion so you can imagine
when someone speaks out the fear of okay
we really got to silence this person and
in their career so they have no platform
to speak against us so fear is something
huge that's enabled this cycle to
continue in Hollywood now what can be
done how does this stop Ephesians 5:11
says take no part in the unfruitful
works of darkness but instead expose
them these people that are corrupt that
are using the power to silence people to
extort people and to abuse people have
to be removed I want to give a shout out
to the real MVP of this whole
this girl who haven't a totally ruin her
name Ambra battle Enoch with Tara's was
a 22 year old model who first exposed
this whole Harvey Weinstein's story and
broke it to the public and what she did
was she had an encounter with Harvey
Weinstein she contacted the police the
police worked with a wire to put a wire
on her and then she went in there and
exposed this horrible pathetic man for
what he is
and it was it's fantastic and horrify at
the same time but it's great for people
to see because you need to see this man
who is the most powerful people in
Hollywood be a disgusting weak and low
terrifically stupid man as he just tries
to beg and convince this girl to stay in
his room and I think this is great for
people to see and to listen to because
you can see the real power of this room
the big lie is that this man has some
type of great influence and power over
you but when you look at this in this
tape who has the power in the situation
you have this man throwing away his
career his honor his reputation all
because he wants her and she takes all
of his power away as soon as she leaves
the room and goes to the police that is
where the true strength lies that's how
these people are gonna get stop people
having the courage to step forward and
put an end to this cycle once and for
all but he's just one man and we can't
afford to have another 30 years of
celebrities and people who know who have
heard who are influencers thinking
Harvey Weinstein and people like him at
the Oscars more times than god before
it's finally exposed I would like to
thank Harvey Weinstein Harvey Weinstein
who had the guts the courage the
commitment especially how everyone's
seen a man of dedication and vision how
to be wise they listened so Harvey and
Bob Weinstein you also break my heart
with your uncensored passion this has to
stop now and this starts by people
finally stepping forward as a group and
encouraging them what we don't want to
happen is for the tragedy of another
another victim only having the comfort
to come forward in a memoir at the end
of their life to expose these horrific
acts and these terrible people we need
people who are in power and influencers
in Hollywood he's a list and B list men
and women celebrities producers to stand
forward and stand and fight with the
victims in the situation say no we may
disagree on certain things but and I
know I've worked with this guy before
maybe he was a friend of mine but I'm
gonna stand
with you to make sure that you're not
going to get blacklisted that you're not
going to get abused and I'm gonna be
there for support and encouragement as
we bring down this horrific monster of a
person so that no one else has to grow
up or work in that environment again I
think we should start a new hashtag not
just a hashtag me too I think the one
that we really need right now is hashtag
drain the Hollywood swamp can we do that
I hope we can I'm Ben Davies and this is
pure Hollywood
you
