and I really support them and I love
love love love love I will die for the
Ford family Wow Toronto well talk about
SRO sold right out standing room only
it's the first Ford fest with Doug Ford
as premier of the province of Ontario
and you know folks sees Ford Festiva
Doug's mother's place in Etobicoke but
they kind of reckoned with him being
premier that would not be a suitable
venue so they went to the much bigger
venue here in Woodbridge the Veneto
Center and well I think Ford should have
booked the SkyDome because the way
people are coming in now just take a
look at this lineup I mean we're two
hours into Ford fest and there's still a
long long line to get in Ford nation is
flying high we're just asking people
what brings about the Ford fascinate to
stand by mr. Ford because I love the
Ford family there are nice people there
are the best people that has ever known
you know and the Ford fast the Ford
family they are all for all what I like
about the Ford family they love people
you know we love Ford
yeah he's a man of his words and that's
the region we are here you know we like
to store our sport room we've always
been Ford supporters why is that what's
so special about the Ford family well
starting taking away that sex ed quickly
and was number one for me absolutely but
he's been a longtime family friend and
so far I mean the government's only
three months old if you were to give it
a letter grade so far what would you say
that seems to be a very popular answer
here tonight for some reason he's doing
a great job I would give it a man--a I'd
give the man a still got to do something
for the plus Sandra indeed we're working
towards that until now ten ten that his
hand Wow perfection what are you hoping
to hear from tonight just all the
positive things he's been doing for your
Ontario and then what is it that so
special about Ford such as Doug in his
late brother Rob
well what's so special about them they
love people they love people of all race
or color or creed and they are not a
racist family and they really I don't
know from the bottom of my I wish they
could see my heart how much I love them
you know although the government's only
less than three months old here in
Ontario if you had to give it a letter
grade so far what would you give it a
plus just look at the gas prices that's
right they've gone down a little haven't
they he's followed with his promises hey
so far a plus another a-plus yeah they
just need to bring town you're gonna
call him back I totally agree with that
sir right now he's got an A
you know why cuz I he's one of the very
few that's actually doing the things
that he said he was going to do and this
is just the beginning what brings you
out to Ford fest tonight just to show up
so they give my support I think he's a
good man and he's doing the right thing
now tell me that the government's less
than three months old so far but if you
had to give it a letter great what would
you give him nine point nine order of
ten that's pretty good I voted for him
because he cares about the people and
he's doing exactly what he promised oh
my god a plus another a plus what people
given that a plus a plus a plus I have
to say a plus another a plus you had a
lot of a pluses here tonight
yeah yeah yeah because actually people
talk Ford he is for the people for the
people so he'd be he deserves a plus in
the last couple of weeks there's been so
much hysteria about the the cutting of
City Council of Toronto Doug using the
notwithstanding Clause if you believe
some of what you read it's like the end
of democracy as we know it what what do
you make of that narrative not end of
the democracy this is democracy we had
the biggest turnout ever for a leader
here okay
if that isn't democracy I don't know
what is okay there's a couple of
lobbyists okay that are trying to hinder
his job of governing by the people for
the people and of the people okay
and
I'm just blood that I'm gonna have an
opportunity to shake his hand and that
we have a leader
that's a tough and putting people ahead
of our political interests and out
special interest groups hey folks if you
like the kind of journalism we do here
at the rebel dot media please like and
subscribe
you
