so morning and this is the first
breakfast of Tommy's although it's not
breakfast at Tommy's it's breakfast in
the premier room in Sheffield because
we're doing a video this day but we'll
do the paper segment look at the pit in
the picture I just know the picture
they're using of trees mate that's why
she's crying
can you stay see this yeah looks like
she's crying and it's always the same so
if you get any left-wing papers then
then always use a bad picture at Donald
Trump there was use a bad picture at
recently in fact not just left him
papers for every paper always does it in
mine they always have that one where I'm
not well I look lost and look long look
enough where they used to use one was
from elute and my world's always
pointing and then look I had lipstick on
oh yeah a little I'll add lipstick off
because I've been drinking but yeah this
was a still this Donald Trump ringing
the soldier's wife how are they still
making it into a terrible thing that you
ran his wife then we'll do that anyone
else
none of these comments would have been
come out for me he run that he's won
their wives I respect him mad
sorry arrived read this it's an old
pensioner it was living next door to a
couple now he was tormented with fat
lady figuring that this is funny yeah a
pensioner carried out bizarre ie month
high campaign you and his neighbors
using a fat lady figurine
he moved you all around his homes that
Jennifer Anderson who lives next door
could not avoid seeing him I couldn't
figure in that she said this man has
tormented me he knows that fishery looks
like me so it's kind of got a big fat
figure really you just kept moving it
around his window nice and how that can
encounter hey that's a bit funny
keep after 20 foot flagpoles a picture
of Miss answers partner fell on a
flagpole
oh my god car lady's guarded devices
such as chat room poops teeth he PLAs
that the same to so that's why I'm
saying flammability decorate
or case it's quite funny though he's
just bothering to help his neighbors
you keep lead when I'm a set up you'll
be you'll be gone soon it be gone soon
undo it the new legal view kit may need
to sell his home to stay in the unpaid
post unpaid it's unpaid mmm completely
no money
oh that's ridiculous I'm sorry I'm sorry
how can you become the leader of liquor
by and not receive any money you never
house house he can afford that how does
he afford that he's a security
contractor or something and he's doing
that on the side boys no that's not
right I don't know why kids you can't do
your job
no like you may need to ever commit to
this full-time look at this this is a
Army sergeant sent his love assorted
texts the day after allegedly causing
his wife to plunge four thousand foot by
tampering with her perishing so he's got
a parachute diver he's stitched her up
already in surgery he measures Victoria
she survives a 4,000 foot for four
months
Victoria broke her pelvis and ribs and
fraction of vertebrae killers are the
wrong Navy physical training course the
noise at charges including attempted
murder imaginings done there but as he's
done that she's for goods all your
effort for our killers misses as she
survived a family court is being asked
to by the Muslim couple from name in
their two month old son jihad Hill
brought a good library secret to gape
rympha mazes
not really obviously everything's to get
digging Aronian it give him a break then
it's Premier League Footwear to filled
her and you had to openly gay teammates
joining this year's an English game one
of the big name why just come out
because about that they'll get the other
firms would they cop car hate it a
police car has had a rainbow makeover in
a bid to help fight against take one how
do I help you forget take one in fact I
think when they do things like this they
encourage homophobia but
because that annoys loads of people and
should be making it that annoys me I
think what you're doing a man of
substance is the same police forces lost
700 police officers due to class closed
down the complete burglary unit there's
no Burberry you know investigating any
of the burglaries in Somerset but yet
they've got time and effort to paint
their cars rainbow colors it's cringe
absolutely cringe there's just no need
for that
you're the police you're there to just
place the streets you're going to be
political push agendas are they yes safe
chases knows the three actors who will
play companion to the first female tom
chase those Brandon Walsh is taking on
the role of Graham watch doctor I've
never watched it was he so much about
divorcing last companion and doctor who
was a black lesbian so these three
companions of the knit the first female
doctor is probably going to be able to
cripple a gay a seeker something where
is Asian black is it female doctor say
why is going on everything is about oh
conversation
middle-aged white man tick young button
and tick tick
it's conservative a job why you so much
also now witnessing dear don't I deal so
I'm dealing I do
I also watches every day this when I was
away the makeup of the people like for
the wait this 10 on either side isn't
waiting in the wings to come on it was
just so politically chosen there was
always gay people there was always black
people always Asian people and burning
my 90 percent of the UK's audience
ninety percent of UK audience just white
white white couples they had for every
sexuality every single race every
religion every time so when one word cuz
that each week box rather come on and
one goes off and not all come on it
completely the whole time just mix all
you ever seen videos are doing idle
you'll see that you've now you see
beside you just think boy I watched it
every day don't why the phone
whether watch that I really liked it
there was a character who's really not
really sound on their say was hardik
it's a Hindu fella because I was
watching it because they were they were
on it every day so every day and you get
to lobe it their characters and then
when I come out jail he tweeted me such
beauties it's really those of abuse I
miss you screw it I was like I like you
I like your identity they messaged me
knows no peace when you come out a voice
so funny it was like I've been watching
you for weeks make yeah as I said I've
disappointed because I actually liked
others so much Oh
anyway as much as I'd like to give you
some interest and stories from the
newspaper
there are many and in approximately 45
minutes I need to bounce my call range
Sheffield and there's 12 men facing
charges for the biggest rape scandal in
the UK's history will hopefully be
showing you who they are very soon
thanks for joining me from the first
breakfast at the premiere go to Tom
Robbins comm sign up now with early bird
pricing
