the anti-christian chair of an Alberta
school board actually called the cops on
us
for holding her to account and I have
the email to prove that and so much more
remember when cornerstone Christian
Academy in central Alberta was asked to
stop teaching passages of the Bible by
the head of their very own school board
a woman named Laurie score II while
score II tried to use her position as
the head of the battle River school
division to make cornerstone Christian
Academy censor parts of the Bible that
she personally didn't like she took
particular disagreement with first
Corinthians which reads neither the
sexually immoral nor idolaters nor
adulterers nor men who have sex with men
nor thieves nor the greedy nor drunkards
nor slanderers nor swindlers will
inherit the kingdom of God
Lori score II she's not a theologian
she's a politician and politicians don't
get to tell you what form of
Christianity you teach your children
that's the deal here in Alberta it's
hardwired into our laws religious
schools are funded by the government
because religious freedom is a protected
right and religious parents pay school
taxes too and when the news broke about
what's Corey was trying to do to
Cornerstone Christian Academy she tried
to impose a gag order on the Association
that runs the school to get them to stop
talking to the media score II even went
to the home of the head of the society
that runs cornerstone Christian Academy
and tried to get her to sign that gag
order pretty creepy right mence Corey
tried to claim that she was the real
victim here not the parents whose
charter rights were being violated when
the school board tried to play Christian
theologian no it was score EB cuz she
said she received what she called
accusatory messages so of course we
started a petition asking the school
board to reverse their bigoted decision
the real bigots dot CA and then we hired
a lawyer to help the small school fight
back against these government censors
but we knew there was just so much more
to the story so we filed our customary
Freedom of Information request to the
school board I find out some pretty
kooky things in general in these email
exchanges that I get through Freedom of
Information requests usually it's just
government's finding new and unique ways
to waste taxpayer money or screw
something up that the private sector
would have handled perfectly fine but
not this time
in this document dump I found out how
the Battle River school division wanted
the National Police Force to come and
shut us up I know it's so crazy it's
hard to believe just look at this email
it's from the superintendent of schools
at the Battle River School Division to a
bureaucrat named Maureen Melnick she's
an education manager with Alberta
education the email reads hi Maureen
apparently the Society has some
revisions that they want to add to the
joint message although we still haven't
seen what they are in the meantime our
board chair is being personally attacked
by individuals and organizations such as
rebel media the board chair she's
talking about is of course law Reese
Cory the Bible Center but here's where
this email takes the turn into crazy
town it also says she has contacted the
RCMP and so I'm not sure what will come
of that the board subcommittee is
planning to meet and speak with our
legal representation on how to proceed
you guys this is crazy
Laurice Corey called the cops because we
were critical of her she called the RCMP
when we raised a little hell because she
wanted to censor the Bible now she wants
to shut us up I can't even get my head
around this she called the cops because
she hurt her feelings and we told the
world what she was up to and how do I
know it was simply because of hurt
feelings well I have copies of every
single email that people sent her in
response to our story
some people use some rough language fine
don't do that
but whatever but there are no real
threats and by and large these are the
most polite well thought-out well
researched alleged hate mails that I've
ever seen in my life and I actually
received my fair share remember when the
left lost its collective mind because
three thousand unemployed oilmen farmers
and their friends jokingly chanted lock
her up on the steps of the legislature
about Rachel Notley here we can do the
opposite we can do what Rachel Notley is
doing
now we were only joking back then but as
it turns out it was actually me and the
rest of my rebel team who have an enemy
on the political left who actually wants
to lock us up
remember when Rachel Notley used in
armed sheriff to stop me from covering a
press conference at the legislature here
I might we already spoke to Darcy Henson
he said there should be no problem
coming what sorry way is that sorry what
why at first I thought this was all just
a quirk but this left-wing inclination
to use an armed branch of the state to
silence their political critics and
stifle effective journalism it's a
feature of the left and not a bug it's
becoming a formula for how left-wing
politicians handle uncomfortable
scrutiny you just called the cops well
I've got some news for Laurie scoria I'm
not done reporting on this story and
exposing the truth yet not even close
because I have a whole stack of
documents now not just this one crazy
email next week in a series of videos
I'll show you what the real bigots at
the battle River school division were up
to when they thought nobody was watching
them I'll show you where Alberta
education was meddling in all of this
and picking sides in the dispute between
the school and the school division I can
show you where the mainstream media was
mocking these parents I didn't even show
you an authoritarian attempted crackdown
on a Christian pastor simply for being
Christian and disagreeing with Laurice
Corey I'll even show you some of the
emails Laurie score he received from
Concerned Albertans all across the
province that prompted her to call the
police they certainly aren't what she
claims they are if Laurice Corey calls
the police
every time someone sheds light on her
political bad behavior I think the RCMP
are going to get real sick of her real
fast for the rebel media I'm Sheila Gunn
read next week I'm bringing you all the
important details from these freedom of
information documents from the Battle
River School Division and I'll have more
exclusive reporting on my weekly show
the gun show for full access to my show
and all of our other premium content
click the link below to subscribe today
you
