sequel's freaked me out we'll
Bladerunner 2049 fall victim with the
same over-the-top revamp most sequels
have experienced will the incredibly
complex nuanced ideas and themes being
talked about in the first Blade Runner
be pushed aside for some weird injection
of today's fads of political ideologies
and correctness or will 820 49 be the
best film of 2017
okay there's a lot of justifiable
reasons why we should all be freaked out
by seagulls one they get pumped out all
the time everything is a reboot a revamp
a sequel a prequel anything like that I
feel like Hollywood is just churning
over ideas and what's work let's just do
it again throw more money putting a less
actor in there and boom all the big
movie and you can see the quality's
fading so when I saw this coming out I
was like oh I don't know if this is
gonna be that great and also Hollywood
likes to push its own political
ideologies on people a lot of times and
that causes a lot of stories to crumble
because it doesn't make sense in the
world that's been created in alright so
let's give us some fun facts about Blade
Runner
20:49 opening weekend it grossed about
37 million dollars this movie is still
in theaters right now it was May for
over 150 million so it's not looking
that great so far but this is not
surprising because the first movie also
didn't make a lot of money when it
started now this move was not directed
by Ridley Scott the original director of
the Blade Runner movie it's this movie
is directed by Dennis Villanueva is one
of the best film makers of this new
generation terrific director great
projects we could highly suggest you
watch these movies okay now that we got
that out of the way I've got to tell you
Blade Runner 2049 I think in my opinion
is the best film of 2017 I really mean
that and I can't believe I'm saying that
about something that is technically a
sequel very rare but the reason why this
work the reason why this sequel works
taken from the original is because it's
not a revamp of it it takes the themes
of the original Blade Runner continues
the same tones and big ideas and and
greater themes the mood for these
characters to wrestle with and just
continues it in a different version of
the story I was really afraid that they
were gonna try to inject some very now
theme some very bad themes with like
feminism the patriarchy or something
like that in the movie to try to make a
statement this movie does not make a
statement on those themes it makes a
statement on choice and love which isn't
as universal that we all can relate to
me all struggle with an almost daily
basis let me tell you what it's so
important they focus on themes that are
so universal it characters are something
that are like like nolan said a very
powerful tool to tell the story but
they're also incredibly fragile things
one of the hardest things to do is a
film
as a writer if to get you to care and
believe each one the characters and
that's a lot of things gonna go to the
performance the writing is the directing
everything for a audience member to sit
there and in 15 minutes
somehow suspend their belief that this
person is fake and actually believe
they're real for a minute and appreciate
them and follow them and care about and
relate to them it's a very fragile thing
to create that and it's so easily broken
which happens when people are trying to
make points throughout the movie that
don't make sense or characters doing
things that don't make sense to them or
them trying to make some grandiose
statement that is not in line with the
story and their motivation and it breaks
them all we immediately check out a
movie like oh my gosh they're just doing
that again probably was going to make
that statement or they're just trying to
make a point here they're trying to
insert this character for no reason
except to make some political point
thank God they did not do that with this
movie and they still took heat for this
and it was an article in Digital Spy
where the writers were complaining there
weren't enough female writers on the
movie there was no female directors
giving input so that's there's no way it
could be a accurate portrayal of what
that would be like as a girl somehow
also they said and I quote his Blade
Runner 2049 envisioning in a world in
which powerful human men are trying to
erase human women entirely anyway like I
said thank God they didn't try let me
give you my critic review of the movie
like I said I think this is the best
movie of 2017 so they give it a 5 out of
5 as a film as well technically speaking
this was just unbelievable to look at
every shot is also completely stunning
and unbelievable the lighting the way
everything is can't the camera moves the
the practical effects throughout the
movie it's just absolutely incredible to
watch this the music and score just like
the original is fantastic and I want to
go into director more but I but I want
to also get to the things that I think
are even better than the directing in
this movie and that are some of the
performances obviously I think this is
when Ryan Gosling's best performance
today Harrison Ford it does an
incredible job of showing a range of
emotions pulling from the original movie
that if you watch the original you can
appreciate all those small moments
throughout this one I give it a shot
with my favorite character the movie
that is Joey played by when a day Armus
Armus
kind of like the girlfriend of Ryan
Gosling movie she is just unbelievable
to watch it makes this one scene where
she comes out in the rain for the first
time and you can just feel everything
going on what's also great critically
about this movie is the script itself
the themes are big and grand and they're
not superficial or surface it's love
choice is something that is so ingrained
and everyone that we all struggle with
me do a great job of showing this art
throughout the whole movie these
characters all struggling with the same
thing so that brings into my viewer this
movie actually is gonna score better
than the original as a view or may give
it a four out of five one of the reasons
for that is the relationship throughout
obviously the theme this one is love and
that's thing that everyone can grasp
onto a lot of people will go see a movie
even though it may be a bad movie just
because you want to see these two people
have something romantic relationship
together one of the reasons I think it's
great as a movie even though it isn't
are and it checks some of the boxes I
guess that you know there's blood death
whatever so regular narc it does not use
those to distract from the lack of story
and characters and going on on screen I
think the best example of this is the
romance on screen the Joey in the movie
is just and then Ryan Gosling or just
mesmerizing to watch Ryan Gosling is a
replicant he doesn't have choice when it
comes to people but with an iOS and
computer system he does and it is this
iOS system that is like a hologram and
they have this beautiful kind of
interesting relationship on camera I'd
never seen before now let's get into
some faith and values of Blade Runner
2014 I'm gonna give it a three out of
five slightly lower than the original
only because the ideas it's grappling
with are not quite as prominent not
quite as important maybe because I think
you had to the foundation of meaning and
purpose before you even had an idea of
what choice would mean or what what that
power actually gives and the result of
that being that you can have love and
experience like the greatest gift that
we as human beings can give each other
is love but the first gift the first
right given to you after your breath and
the Bible was choice it's freewill and
that is also the crux since also it's
the greatest gift in the greatest curse
of humanity you can create unlimited
good because the choices and actions you
can make and the appreciation reward
that you can gain from your own choices
however because you have freewill you
can also make unbelievable evil with
those exact same choices human beings
are that try to find a way to control
that by removing removing choice from
the replicants and as you can see it
makes them have a completely Hollow and
meaningless life without free will and
choice there can be no love there cannot
be any real decision for you that's why
if God giving us freewill is so
important because love would be so
meaningless if it was so force you have
no sups and doing no purpose it was just
this what you have to do and this is
your life and that's it like I said I
really like this movie from beginning
and oh it's a terrific project I hope
you guys can see it in theaters and get
the full experience of the sound and
then the gray screen and the colors you
can depreciate all the incredible art
and meticulous work that went in this
project it was great I had a really good
time reviewing and watching it so until
next time this has been the rebel real
review and catch you next week
