Froy gradec kind of a more in the
British public about Islam
I've talked honestly about the effect of
this authoritarian ideology that's been
forced on us by the elitist of
bureaucrats and the far-left extremists
but the media don't want listen in fact
they wanted to demonize me and every
other working-class person like people
wouldn't hammered me massive then stop
being a racist in the bigger an Isis
group as if words listen to our concerns
they know us
that's right to silence us now they're
all watching us we've enjoyed all the
look the press likes the public about at
least I tried to make out to the
National Cape figure they want you to
think everywhere I'll go and hate it on
a tent it's very close to the truth it's
a totally line that's behind closed
doors people all backgrounds and casters
away practically rule in grave danger
moving sold out by leader establishment
is funded by people who are working
towards our destruction business
globalist and the father the
establishment hates us our children
being abused and indoctrinated popular
conscious brainwashing us or being sold
out while politicians rich and poor
black and white young annoyed we're all
fair game we must unite to protect the
civilization we love before it's too
late
unless the year of work with the
remnants of bringing the other side of
the story we've highlighted the failures
of our justice system our social
services and our government hate
preachers are incited murder against
people inside this building I've
confronted the blooming games the buyers
journalists and the leftists
authoritarians I've barely even started
all the breeders showed really widens
our liberal elites media to cover the
stories you care about important the
events you part later tool and bring
truth to the screens
I call it the Tony Robbins show if your
help will make the most English up
