the Texas State Board of Education which
is two-thirds Republican voted recently
to remove both Hillary Clinton and Helen
Keller from its K through 12 history
curriculum and I've got to say I did not
see this one coming let's take a look so
Texas is trimming down its history
curriculum and in a preliminary vote in
which the State Board of Education cut
Clinton Keller and dozens of other
historical figures board members
apparently evaluated the figures with
questions like was the person from an
underrepresented group did the person
trigger a watershed change and will
their impact stand the test of time
surely a hilarious loss in the great
meme war of 2016 is enough to make
someone stand the test of time right
while not according to the group the
board tasked with judging Clinton and
others which gave Hillary a 5 out of 20
and Helen Keller a 7 out of 20 points
teachers will now be able to save 30
minutes of class time by not teaching
the former senator and presidential
candidate and 40 minutes of class time
by not teaching the blind author and
activist one Texas teacher misty
Matthews said there were hundreds of
people students had to learn and another
teacher Janna Poth said the group didn't
want to offend anyone but that there's
too many figures the Board of Education
Zwarte group made no comments on its
suggestion to remove Hillary but Helen
Keller was apparently listed in a lesson
about good citizenship and the group
said Helen Keller does not best
represent the concept of citizenship
military and first responders are best
represented also on the table but kept
by the board were saying the Alamo
defenders acted with heroism noting that
Moses influenced America's founding
documents references to judeo-christian
values and noting that Arab rejection of
the State of Israel has led to ongoing
conflict in the Middle East you know I
don't often cover elementary stuff that
could be because I focus on higher
education but it could also hopefully be
because leftist lunacy hasn't trickled
that far down yet but this story did
remind me of an Ohio middle
history test which asked students
Muslims show tolerance by followed by a
accepting other people's religious
beliefs be converting others to Islam
see allowing only Christians to practice
their religion and D conquering the
Berbers the answer was apparently a
Muslims accepted other people's
religious beliefs which doesn't quite
seem to account for the fact that
Muslims tax Jews and Christians to keep
their religion it was often either that
forced conversion or death students who
didn't say that Muslims tolerated other
people's religions were presumably
penalized for campus unmasked I'm Rob
simcha if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
