in September Eric Williams Andrew Sonja
Andrew their two children in Sonja's two
parents had their refugee application to
Canada rejected the family of six
afrikaners based their claim on white
South Africans being at risk of
persecution for their race the family
also included in their asylum
application claims that they were
victimized in a series of crimes they
claimed that in 95 there were victims of
a carjacking in 2004 they claimed their
home was invaded by four men in 2013
once again their home was broken into
and in 2014 they claimed a car was
stolen from right in front of their
house now I probably don't need to tell
you this but South Africa is a crime
ridden in somewhat lawless country with
high rates of violent crimes like
murders and rapes however for the
immigration refugee board this was not
seen as enough of a reason to accept
their status as refugees as the
definition of a refugee is actually very
narrow and it only applies to those who
face specific discrimination based on
race religion nationality or membership
in a particular group being persecuted
but the basis for this families claim
being rejected seems to have less to do
with them not fitting the definition of
a refugee and more apparently with our
government taking issue with the
statistics and evidence the Aundre
family presented according to the
National Post government lawyers
describe the family's concerns for their
children's safety was based on quote
patently unreliable racist propaganda
and any fear that the family had that
their children could be raped by blacks
was quote white supremacist hate
literature unquote once again we see
this politically correct belief that
whites somehow cannot be the victims of
racism now because the term refugee is
so narrowly defined it makes sense that
this family does not meet the standard
but that said we've had experts on the
network before like Canadian immigration
lawyer giddy Mamun that maintained the
current crop of Syrian Muslims fleeing
their civil war and being imported on
mass to the West don't even meet the
requirements for true refugee status but
don't you get the feeling that this
government our government went out of
the way to try to discredit this
Afrikaans family and to publicly state
that they were using white supremacist
hate literature to try to paint this
family
bigots did the Immigration and Refugee
Control Board simply ignore the fact
that the ruling ANC and South African
President Jacob Zuma regularly seeing
the black folk song killed the boar
killed a farmer or that the leader of
the third party in South African
Parliament the black nationalist
economic freedom fighters Julius Malema
has been quoted as saying blacks need to
take the land back from Dutch thugs
I guess because unlike stating that
white children may face the threat of
rape
these aren't examples of hate speech or
illegitimate threat against Afrikaners
right look it's sort of bizarre that in
this era of ever increasingly violent
and brutal fire attacks in South Africa
against whites of Africans and during a
time when Justin Trudeau open Canada's
borders to the world and allowed in
40,000 illegal migrants across our
border irregularly and done nothing
about it no deportations no rejected
claims yet but we can't possibly let any
white South Africans who may actually be
facing crime and hardship far worse than
any of those 40,000 who were actually
already in a safe third country being
the United States so while the situation
in South Africa may not rise the level
of a legitimate refugee claim we know
that the crimes that befall them are all
legitimate
in 2007 the South African government
stopped recording the ethnicity of
victims of farm attacks but according to
the trance fault agricultural Union
there were 345 attacks resulting in 70
deaths in 2016 and between 1998 and 2016
the total number of farm murders was
1187 though many estimate the actual
number is closer to 3,000 for the rebel
dot media I'm Christopher Wilson thanks
a lot for watching you know we are super
excited here at the rebel because we've
got a new list a swath of new premium
content for you guys this fall now if
you want to take advantage for a limited
time we've got some discount pricing on
our premium memberships and if you want
to see what shows we've got in store go
to the rebel dot media slash shows
you
