if you thought team Obama and the
Clintons were dirty and corrupt before
man this new Russia bombshell tells us
we ain't seen nothing yet
by now I'm sure you've read this
outstanding piece of journalism in the
hill entitled FBI uncovered Russian
bribery plot before Obama administration
approved controversial nuclear deal with
Moscow
well of course are talking about the
uranium one deal that gave Russia
control of twenty percent of the United
States uranium supply in and of itself
egregious but what's worse what might be
the most egregious political scandal in
recent American history is the alleged
cover-up of a bribery scheme that
involved Hillary Clinton and possibly
other Obama administration officials now
I won't go through the whole article
it's thousands of words you've probably
already read it but in short what's
being alleged here is that the Justice
Department had mountains of evidence
mountains of criminal probable cause
against a guy named Vadim McCarran back
in 2009-2010 McCarran was a senior oil
executive in in Moscow with Raza Tom the
company that bought uranium one and he
was accused of bribing not only private
sector business people but orchestrating
a scheme to funnel millions into the
Clinton Foundation at a time that
Hillary Clinton's signature was needed
because she was part of the committee on
foreign investment in the United States
I was forget that acronym it's CF I us
that's gonna become relevant later the
Committee on foreign investment in the
United States Hillary sat on that
committee Treasury secretary sat on that
committee Eric Holder sat on that
committee I don't believe in coincidence
that committee sign-off was needed for
the uranium one deal to proceed and the
exact time millions
float into the Clinton Foundation had
mountains of evidence on nickering but
from 2010 to 2014 15 Eric Holder's DOJ
did nothing and when the mickr in case
was finally adjudicated he wasn't
convicted or prosecuted I should say
first then convicted of a massive
bribery and money laundering scheme now
he was allowed
to plead guilty on one minor count of
money laundry and the DOJ blacked out
all mention of the public corruption
angle the Clinton Foundation angle and
the bribery angle in general this thinks
too high heaven this is a cover-up the
likes of which we have not seen in
decades and the cast of characters
involved makes it even more concerning
Eric Holder and subsequently Loretta
Lynch Robert Muller when he was FBI
director then subsequently James Comey
Rod Rosenstein the number two at DOJ
Andrew McCabe the number two at FBI all
of the people now involved in
investigating Trump for collusion with
Russia well there was collusion with
Russia it just wasn't on the part of
team Trump it appears that it was
clearly on the parts of Team Obama and
team Clinton and some of the most
concerning things for me are statements
by FBI officials and members of Congress
the former of the FBI assistant director
in charge of criminal at the time a guy
by the name of Ron Hosko I've said on
television panels with Ron Hosko he is a
consummate professional really good guy
he was in charge of criminal of the FBI
he was never briefed on this
investigation by the counterintelligence
people counterintelligence people run at
the time by Andrew McCabe who was in the
little cabal with holder and Rosenstein
and Muller at all starting to become
clearer now isn't it
Hosko said quote I had no idea this case
was being conducted the head of criminal
at the FBI had no idea a criminal case
was being conducted because he wasn't in
the right clique former Representative
Mike Rogers a Republican at the time
chaired the House Intelligence Committee
now remember FBI counterintelligence
that regularly briefs the House
Intelligence Committee was running the
investigation representative Rogers his
committee nor any member of Congress
were ever told about this they were kept
in the dark the only reason you keep
oversight in the dark is if you're
covering something up representative
Rogers former representative Rogers went
on to say quote not providing
information on a corruption scheme
before the Russian uranium deal was
approved by US regulators
and engage appropriate congressional
committees have served to undermine US
national security interests by the very
people charged with protecting them has
served to undermine US national security
interest by the very people charged with
protecting them in a short Hillary
Clinton Eric Holder Andrew McCabe rod
Rosenstein Muller Comey Lynch the people
pass what protecting our national
security sold out to Russia that's what
reporters Rogers is saying
representative Rogers is saying the
Senate Judiciary Committee under Chuck
Grassley has now opened a massive probe
into this in light of this new
information
senator Grassley isn't believin anybody
he said I'm not convinced by these
assurances the sale of uranium one
resulted in a Russian government
takeover of a significant portion of us
uranium mining capacity in light of that
fact very serious questions remain about
the basis for the finding that this
transaction did not threaten to impair
US national security ensure he's saying
I don't believe a word the Obama
administration says about any of this
senator Grassley chairman Grassley goes
on to say the fact that rasa tahn
subsidiaries in the United States were
under criminal investigation as a result
of the u.s. intelligence operation of a
u.s. intelligence operation apparently
around the time CFIUS the Committee on
foreign investment in the United States
approved the uranium 1 rasa tahn
transaction raises questions about
whether that information factored into
CFIUS his decision to approve the
transaction so what he's saying in short
is was CFIUS
in the dark or was Hillary Clinton who
chaired CFIUS at the time bribed by the
Russians to approve this transaction
when you understand how to read into
this stuff it is damning for teams Obama
and Hillary Andrew McCabe the lead FBI
investigator on this is in all kinds of
hot water a big never Trump guy big
Democrat his wife took $700,000 around
the time this was all going for her
Virginia State Senate campaign from
longtime Clinton ally and
sir terry mcauliffe mccabe is under
investigation for that ethics
investigation for that and for his
handling of the email case of the
Clinton email case McCabe is a bad guy
no idea why he's still at FBI many
people don't know why he's still at the
FBI rod Rosenstein is another story in
this entirely rod Rosenstein isn't only
the de facto AG running Muller's bogus
investigation in a trump but he's also a
witness in the same case something so
improper so unusual that Obama Ally
fired US Attorney for the Southern
District of New York Preet Bharara
called it quote odd and unusual and said
quote it would seem that there's a
conflict of course there's a conflict
I've never heard of a witness also
running the investigation if you're a
witness you have a point of view if you
have a point of view you have an opinion
and if you have an opinion you have bias
Muller should not be running I'm sorry
Rosenstein should not be running
Muller's investigation it's simply
ludicrous but the guy who was running
all this the investigation in all this
the guy who apparently stonewalled it
from 2010 to 2014 as Eric Holder 0 use
for Eric Holder I think he was the most
corrupt AG in US history he's the only
member of a president's cabinet to ever
be held in contempt of Congress he
architected fast and furious to
gun-running scheme New Mexico that got
border agent Brian Terry killed he was
spying on journalists alongside Barack
Obama getting subpoenas on guys like Fox
News's James Rosen and he didn't
prosecute the IRS scandal on the IRS
weaponized against conservatives
sometimes you can tell a lot about a
person by what they don't do let's not
even get into the Bill Clinton Loretta
Lynch private jet meeting this new
information raises a whole host of
questions about that
about what they really discussed because
it certainly was not grandkids engulfed
and I'm miraculously now that DOJ is in
a little bit of hot water and groups
like Judicial Watch are making noise and
and suing and issuing subpoenas the FBI
miraculously turned up 30 more pages of
information on that meeting that they
either claim didn't exist
or that they couldn't find it is simply
ridiculous and simply sickening what's
even worse is that all of this is
clearly criminal I'm going to
call it right now it's clearly criminal
and we see precedent cases being
prosecuted Senator Bob Menendez he's
being prosecuted because of a lavish
lifestyle he lived at the expense of a
doctor donor who wanted favors from him
Hillary flies private the Clinton
Foundation affords the Clinton family a
very lavish lifestyle off of money that
came in from Russian oil concerns when
Hillary signed off on a deal that
benefited them into the billions upon
billions of dollars at slam-dunk bribery
alleged bribery I should say
representative Corrine brown from
Florida was sentenced to eat on 18
counts they included six different
crimes conspiracy to commit mail or wire
fraud those wires into the Clinton
Foundation crimes like aiding and
abetting wire fraud those wires into the
Clinton Foundation scheming to conceal
material facts
it's the Clintons corruptly obstructing
tax laws Clinton Foundation's charitable
foundation
filing false tax returns see my previous
point but I do love that Donald Trump is
getting tough President Trump has come
out swinging and he is tweeting about
James Comey and about all of the dirt
surrounding this president Trump tweeted
Wow FBI confirms that James Comey
drafted letter exonerating crooked
Hillary Clinton long before
investigation was complete many people
not interviewed including Clinton
herself again unprecedented call me what
he did was unprecedented in the
investigative world is dirty as it gets
Comey stated under oath still reading
the president's tweets Comey stated
under oath that he didn't do this
obviously a fix and also perjury mr.
president where is the Justice
Department great question I ask it every
day he went on to tweet president Trump
went on to tweet as it turned out James
Comey lied in leaked and totally
protected Hillary Clinton he was the
best thing that ever happened to her
100% right mr. president
this stuff needs to be prosecuted the
United States is about justice for all
we're a constitutional republic there
cannot be one set of Justice
for people like Hillary Clinton and Team
Obama and another for the rest of us our
republic will collapse we need to put an
end to it now that Justice Department
needs to do something about it end of
Jeff Sessions won't he needs to be
replaced if you find this content as
riveting and as important as I do and if
you watch that whole segment you know it
is help us keep bringing it to you by
subscribing to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org this
you
