tonight I'll mark Latham's outsiders
we're going to lift the lid on one of
the organization's creating gender
apartheid and employment quotas in
Australia they called male Champions of
Change we've got an interview a
wonderful interview with the Aussie
legend Sam kick of edge about his
friendship with Donald Trump the
importance of saving Australia Day and
fighting against political correctness
we've also got zigs cartoons the meme of
the week it's already got us into some
strife
we've got the outsiders outhouse and the
left lunatic of the week you might
notice is something about him their red
bandana is coming your way I'm here in
front of the exchange hotel in
Kalgoorlie in Western Australia a
fantastic outsiders town I've got a
great show coming up stay tuned
trigger warning trigger warning viewers
you've entered a very unsafe space this
is mark Latham's outside as Australia's
most politically incorrect news and
current affairs programme thanks very
much for watching we try and give you
all the necessary straight talk that's
important for our country's future we
don't have any of the social engineering
the mainstream media elitism that you
find there's no subject here that's
off-limits we don't have any taboos
about language we just try and give you
straight information so you can make up
your own mind about Australia's future
and the big international issues now the
top of the show I want to make a little
announcement about the future of Mark
Latham's outside as this program and the
platform overall first on Facebook and
now the show on YouTube it has been
going for some seven months and I've got
to say that I've been over the moon
about the level of viewer support the
people who've watched sending the
correspondence who stopped me in the
street and say isn't it great that we've
got a programme a platform alternative
media that's giving the other side of
the story to the mainstream media and so
many people urge me to continue the
fight against identity politics against
political correctness against cultural
marx's and we're going to do that but in
the reality of the world in which we
live we've also got to pay the bills
we've also got to pay the bills that are
out there the cost of the studio the
staff the production we've been doing it
for seven months and we're at the point
where we're moving to a subscription
model in partnership with rebel media
mark Latham's outsiders and rebel media
we're moving to the subscription model
so this will be the last show freely
available on YouTube from next week
Wednesday the 25th of October please
subscribe to this programme and you'll
also get premium content early access to
the other programme we've just started
up up and atom a take on the daily news
in the events of the week up and Adam
has has got plenty of good content as
well so it's important for people to
support it if you can I appreciate your
support in the past and if you can go to
this website mark Latham's outsider
slash
watch you follow the links there and you
can subscribe the cost I've got to say
we've tried to keep it as moderate as
possible to pay our bills $8 a month $80
a year or the early bird special of
$69.99 less than a dollar 50 a week to
support our platform and you get not
only all the content that I can provide
you also get access to all the rebel
media material Ezreal Avant and his
programs Tommy Robinson in London
everyone loves him the important work
he's doing in pushing back against
radical Islam so the rebel shows are
available you can have a look at those
to know what you're subscribing to the
rebel dot media slash shows you can see
it there on the website the rebel dot
media slash shows and please support us
into the future under this new model I
think it's important to keep this
platform going we don't have the billion
dollar public budget of the ABC we just
don't have those resources available and
we don't have the resources of the
mainstream media and the important thing
always is to tell the other side of the
story the truth is week after week on
this show we've been putting information
out there that the mainstream media just
won't touch why because the media elites
pretty well are in bed with the
government elites and the corporate
elites a lot of the media outlets they
won't touch an outfit like Qantas for
fear of repercussions with the Qantas
advertising budget we've highlighted
that on the show actually with the Pie
Face incident against Alan Joyce and the
reality is that these elites in various
places they socialize together they go
the same dinner parties so they have a
lot of subjects that are off-limits not
here that Mark Latham is outside as we
try to give you the genuine information
police support us under the subscription
model to keep the platform going and
hopefully I'll be talking to you many
many times in the future under those new
arrangements and back in just a short
moment to talk about male Champions of
Change
now one of the things viewers asked me
all the time is what's the common
denominator where is the identity
politics the gender apartheid the
madness in Australia's public and
private institutions actually coming
from and you've got to try and ask the
question why would major sporting
organisations like the AFL in the NRL
foul their own nest lose support and
viewers by jumping into the same-sex
marriage debate to politicize their
organisations
why would corporate outfits like Qantas
Telstra Australia Post the big banks go
down the path of diversity units and
gender apartheid why would the federal
police and the Australian Defence Force
have female only recruitment programs
why would you find so many of these
public and private institutions going
down the path of abolishing meritocracy
judging people by race gender and
sexuality instead of merit well here is
the common denominator all of these
outfits I've mentioned all of them
belong to an organization called male
Champions of Change it was set up by
Elizabeth Broderick issues is a picture
of Elizabeth Broderick she was formerly
the Sex Discrimination Commissioner at
Australia's Human Rights Commission and
every organisation she touches she
wrecks she's been involved in the
Defence Force the Federal Police
Australian rugby the university sector
has suffered from her work and she has
set up this outfit called male Champions
of Change that is running amok through
the institutions it seems like it's a
social club they're under pettigrew
pressure to support these crazy policies
and they put out a video to explain what
they're about let's have a look we'll
hear from Diane Smith Gander and
Elizabeth Broderick at the top of this
video we want to see an increase in
women's representation in leadership in
Australia and we want it to be
significant the problem that I'm seeing
it from
is that as we take those actions we're
getting some pushback and the pushback
that we're getting is this concept of
merit so I think what we need to do is
to absolutely accept that everybody in
business should be judged on their merit
we don't want it to be a factor of
ethnicity or a factor of gender that
people are being judged on but
interestingly the research shows us that
the more an organization describes
itself as a meritocracy the greater the
gender bias in that organization
actually is so something is really wrong
so when I talk to people about marriage
and people who just have no
understanding of it I always start there
I asked them essentially the 50-50 if
not why not question if women make up
50% of this population of Australia's
population indeed 60% of the most
educated people why are we not seeing
them in equal proportions in
organization well let's answer elizabeth
Broderick's question why not 5050 well
we heard from James d'amour formerly of
Google and he was supported by
behavioral scientists around the world
that men and women are different have
different preferences in like in life
women preferring to work with people men
preferring to work with things so you
get different choice you see what these
stylists don't understand is that people
choose different occupations different
career paths according to their own
personal preferences and women in
Australia in terms of the 50/50 argument
they've now got the majority in GP
doctors in lawyers in teaching in the
Australian public service and of course
I have a 60% of university graduates
each year in Australia so of course
they're going through two good jobs
according to their own preferences I've
highlighted recently in the Australian
Federal Police which is going down the
path of a female only recruitment these
are like the women who want to be
federal police officers so what do they
do hold a gun to their head so these
people Smith Gander and Broderick don't
recognize the importance of diversity
they say it's all about diversity but
they won't respect the diverse
preferences of men and women so - we
know at a racial level in the school
system that Asian students do so well at
maths and so
and go on to those type of careers
because that's their free choice okay
this is not the old Soviet Union we
allow people to make career choices
without these Stalinist that male
Champions of Change trying to force them
into their preferred careers you see
these people are social and employment
commissar they think they can run the
whole system centrally it's the old
Soviet model reflected in an
organization that's unaccountable to the
Australian people I'm highlighting it
here saying in an understanding of how
wrong of how wrong and dangerous and
damaging these people are in terms of
Smith ganda talking about the research
I've asked male Champions of Change for
that research about meritocracy and
gender bias I don't think it exists and
they haven't produced it so to some
extent these people are talking through
their hat and they go on in the video to
further produce wacky stuff it's almost
like Orwellian 1984 redefining the
meaning of merit let's hear from Alan
Joyce at Qantas and we're applying this
across the entire crew this is not just
in Jetstar and what are the things we
were finding we were struggling getting
to our targets of women in senior
management because the definition of
merit was that a narrow definition what
this is a locus to do was break through
that seal of that barrier and the last
two months alone we've had a 2% increase
and event senior female managers that we
have that does wearing it is all a merit
we have defined things Alan Joyce is
redefined what merit means you know you
might go to the dictionary and think
merit the selection according to ability
without reference to race gender and
sexuality but Alan Joyce an employment
commissar has decided to redefine the
meaning of a word which employment
practices in society itself in the
education system has a common sensible
understanding and meaning so it's just
ridiculous it is or William these people
have been given a power choice you know
almost stuff the company but essentially
running Qantas in Australia is a licence
to print money if you do it decently
because the lack of competition on the
domestic routes so this guy has got so
much power
authority within his corporation and
thinks he's a quasi politician
campaigning and all the diversity and
same-sex marriage issues like some kind
of government minister it's all going to
his head and he's now at the point where
he's trying to redefine the meaning of
merit according to his selection
criteria well that is just off the
planet I've got to say and it gets even
worse another so-called male champion of
change is Martin Parkinson the head of
the Prime Minister's department this is
Malcolm Turnbull's right-hand man in
Canberra let's have a listen to his
level of expertise please it's a new
definition of mirror is actually not
about mirror it's actually about
understanding strategic thinking it's
actually understanding the context of
your organization it's actually
understanding what's coming across the
horizon and knowing the known knowns the
known unknowns and recognizing the
unknown unknowns seriously what a
knucklehead the known unknown Oh would
you trust that guy to run a truck raffle
would you would you make him the street
cleaner he's the head of the Prime
Minister's Department with all the
gobbledygook and he's trying to redefine
merit as well with no no no I mean just
making a fool of himself Martin
Parkinson give it away mate you're not
up to the job you're a knucklehead a
goose and that little performance there
was there having to put on time they're
happy to put that showcase it to the
Australian people is the best of male
Champions of Change is showing how
wrongheaded and hopeless these people
are so we can do a lot better than that
in Australia I mean what a snapshot of a
lousy organisation going down the wrong
path for the fair future of our country
and someone of course stands against all
this is the great Sam kick of itch I'm
going to talk to him at length after
this short break
welcome back and I can't say how
delighted I am to have our next special
guest in the studio the great Sam Keck
of each Sam welcome to mark Latham's
outside us I've been looking forward to
this interview for weeks let me tell you
normally I'd say it's a pleasure this is
an epiphany for me to be a long charge I
can't believe I've been shameful
sometime to all my friends the leader of
our great nation should be Mark Latham I
didn't think I ever say that in the days
of Simon Crean it was a great mate of
mine in the days the heady days of
labour when Labour had a point of
difference and I was poles apart I'm
right again just count as you probably
know but the more I say of you and the
more my friends see our view the more
were of the opinion that you should be
front and square of our great nation
well watch out you'll be a now for
anyone who's been living under a rock
and doesn't know the same kick of each
story Sam burst on the scene in
Australian football in the late 60s as a
rising star of the North Melbourne
kangaroos or Shin boners as we also know
them here was their great star of the 69
season when he had a bad knee injury
that threatened his whole career but he
fought back from that and was a 1975
Premiership player and then probably had
a few years leaving footy I think that's
fair to say Sam but then made an amazing
comeback into the public arena Australia
as our most sought after conference and
after-dinner speaker and has become a
legend for the promotion of Australian
lamb helping our farmers on Australia
Day with ads that are truly amazing
we're going to look at one of those in
just a short while so Sam I think it's
fair to say in your lifetime you've been
to the top of Everest and down and up
and up and you're and you're back on top
now well mark you know we're simple folk
we're Australian and the true gauge of
an individual I think you'll concur with
me is that you know when you've slid
down that slippery banister of life
pulling splinters out of your bottom you
know how you pick yourself up and dress
yourself down is a true indication of
where you're at so unless you've
experienced those depths of despair
you'll never understand and what it's
like the pinnacles of success now I have
been very fortunate to be associated
with some beer
very very good people the foot he covers
outstanding corporate life was great my
family was great my parents was great
out of nothing but a very compatible you
know a gallant Aryan upbringing so you
know life is a bore but you're right
I've had all the ebbs and flows and the
undulations in life that anyone could
wish for but you know they've been very
been great learning curve and it's been
you know I'm eternally grateful for them
well I'm sure back at the pinnacle now
the view must be splendid but you must
also be very proud of the Australia Day
lamb promotion because it's done a lot
of good for our farmers hasn't it well
there's there the true heroes you know
sometimes we we get it so wrong in this
country we genuflect over be great
celebrities and broken-down sports
people but our real heroes they're our
selfless you know farmers who with great
resilience in great adversity have just
plotted along and shown us the way and
produce great products those wonderful
volunteers no fanfare bright lights or
neon signs go about their work and you
know it's a pleasure and one of the
great things about the lam campaign
apart from you know the fact that it's
resonated with the punters is the fact
that it's taught me a lot about empathy
and more importantly to be able to
articulate and showcase the wonderful
work our farmers have done on the global
stage has been you know filled me with
an enormous sense of pride and they're
getting there just returns for their
wonderful work that they've done well
among the outsiders the ads are known as
magnificently an TPC let's have a trip
down memory lane look at the first of
these ads from around 2006 on Australia
Day it's a reminder of just how great
and outspoken the country could be and I
have a bit of a laugh back then let's
have a look Sam there's nothing worse
than being an Australian I should know
I've been Australian all my life and I'm
sickened by the creeping tide of an
Australian is a my rating our great
traditions like our custom of eating
lamb on Australia Day an australian ism
is everywhere for example people wearing
those plastic brightly coloured
flip-flops choose with flowers on them
what's wrong with rubber thongs and
simple primary colors if I hear another
person safe thong when they mean those
swimming costumes punty brazilian place
where up their bums I'll do my block
sadly the scourge of an Australian ism
has even infected our national day a
balanced Australia Day diet should
consist of a few nice juicy lamb chops
and beer
perhaps a bit of pebble over for those
with a sweet tooth get your long haired
dog bludging types are indulging their
peers tastebuds in all manner of exotic
foreign often vegetarian cuisine chicken
burger value meals pizzas are number 42
with rice it's an absolute disgrace and
people ask why we need capital
punishment do you think that diggers in
the trenches we're fighting for tofu
sausages no they're thinking of grabbing
a lamb chop up the barbie with their
bare fingers sustaining third-degree
burns then sticking their hands in or
relieving esky to fish out a cold one
look at our national song waltzing
matilda it's about a bloke trying to get
a nice bit of lamb into his tack a bag
not spicy chicken wings the safe
avoiding pot-smoking hippie vegetarians
may disagree with me but they can get
stuffed they know the way to the airport
and if they don't I'll show them so the
message is clear in the future they're
digging around the ruins of Australian
civilization I want to know what we will
like our culture was like at the turn of
this century they'll dig that out and
say that was Australian American humor
and culture around the the period of the
2000s now what's happened with those ads
magnificently PC back in the day saying
we're all worried they're being
sanitized we've got sort of
multicultural barbecues on the beach
tell us please please tell us that's
going back to that format in 2018 well I
must confess Mac I'm a tad addled myself
for the simple reason and who would take
umbrage about anything like that we
could anyone possibly be offended could
you a screen it today though wouldn't
there be the outrage I would have no
problems but I know I bet they're out
there aren't that but they are out there
and it's it's sinful it's shameful it's
deceitful it's insidious that they're
peddling these prevarications you know
which unfounded baseless and for some
inexplicable reason again gleaning some
traction because we're in that they were
all in the they're all in those powerful
little pockets where they disseminate
their information which are gleaning
some traction with the with the loyal
throng out there but you know gradually
we're knocking those pillars over one at
a time because their greatest asset
without a doubt as I've always
maintained is our reverence our sense of
humor and our great culture because our
culture has got the capacity to act as a
wonderful catalyst to transcend all the
social evils that are prevalent in our
society like bigotry and Prejudice and
those who don't understand that and why
they would want to suppress freedom of
speech
and if ever our kids forget what Ritchie
did Jim blue he means we are absolutely
delusional Alaric and a wonderful sense
of larrikin ISM is a part of our DNA and
also what's happening today mark is
totally eradicating a Democratic liberal
process this notion you know enshrined
in our DNA is a sense of a fair go and
if you've got an opinion so be it we
promised we would promote discourse and
sound debate but if you've got a view
country to these elite leftist or
whoever they are all of a sudden you
compartmentalize do either a misogynist
or a racist or a homophobic it is
pathetic it is now can our authentic
Australian culture survive these please
say you attack well I believe I believe
they do I think Cindy will ultimately
prevail I think I look I know you're out
in the Hoskins you're out in the streets
I'm out there all the time you know I
took to the rank-and-file Australians
you know the real Australians and I see
them all the time I see very very very
very little example of these pockets of
the centre who have alternate views I
don't know where they pack themselves
you know obviously of a Monday night
somewhere in the ABC I guess I got no
idea but very little evidence of it in
my in my walks of life you know I think
your average Australians worried about
the political cause they are very
worried they're very very key to our
country in its institutions but
hopefully as you say sanity will prevail
in common sense I think most people are
wanting sort of a fight back from common
sense values that as the great John
Cleese's said just because you have a
joke about a certain group the Irish
women guys it doesn't mean we dislike
those but we love them you love them so
much they bring humor into our lives
off the back of them mark with a name
like kick a bitch going to school mate
you know I was called the Walker Dago
ass bag whatever and let me tell you to
this day sometimes I am but the intent
of the perpetrator is not that the main
to follow disparage it so much a term of
endearment for gay
of course I'm on a wag or you know you
know you're poor for whatever yeah I
know a lot of gay people got all gay
friends it's not to demean or disparage
yeah you know the form of inclusion have
a nickname isn't probably inclusion over
Nick you don't have a nickname you're in
the corner
sulking so exactly right so good on you
now with these ads they cranked up in
2010 and you went to New York to
interview and talked to a certain
American businessman who picked on a
little bit since then let's have a look
of a sprayer and he is the unofficial
mayor of New York it was inevitable that
one day a powerful crop mr. Trump take a
bit away nice to see you last year well
I'll cut to the chase I'm here for a
very very specific purpose okay and I'm
seeking some advice and some very very
good tips I like it on Australia Day
where everyone on this the whole
population have a lamb barbecue and we
get together and we bond and hopefully
as you know the landscape is dominated
by prejudice and comfort in Australia
we're about bonding and promoting
goodwill and bond home and I'd like to
replicate that globally and I think it's
got a good feel about it
I like the idea it's truth feels like
I've come up trumps already well as you
know branding is very very important and
having a catchphrase
we all make sense is very good I like
that I think that's good it's so people
should think about that a little bit has
to make sense if it doesn't make sense
again exactly thank you very much for
your time I'm walking out a fair richer
person and I'm even more confident now I
was reading the gospel and convincing
the United Nations of making the January
of 2016 the National Australia Day so on
that note Donald Trump well Sam I think
it's a great idea and you're a great guy
and good luck and I look forward to
seeing you again thank you hello now
obviously Sam you made that guy's
political career he'd be nothing without
you behind the scenes what was he like
well I got to tell you he was charming
he was very generous with his time very
articulate good blog great play it's one
of us one of us you know and you know
went in there with you no no premier
premeditated thoughts I just went there
with an open mind thinking I've got no
idea
barring him out at a time he wasn't the
President of the United States of
America it was just the Donald Trump
we're the businessman and he also was
filming then the The Apprentice fatty
was he was a breath of fresh air and
he's just just a good knockabout bloke
and he helped you out behind the scenes
got you a good feed their young a good
feed he got me a couple of things behind
the scenes he was very accommodating no
nothing untoward I've got very helpful
with restaurants and directions around
New York and I've always thought of
trumps half Australian because he's got
a larrikin sense of humor he likes to
take the piss out of people a bit to us
he's not afraid to speak he's mine we
love him don't we
well he's everything you just alluded to
and and probably more he would fit in
like a glove in Australia believe me a
bit of a reverence bit of satire not
take himself too seriously he takes what
he does very seriously but not himself
too enjoys himself and he understands
the greatest art of being Australian and
there is a generosity of spirit the
sense of fair play and self deprecation
and don't ever forget that self
deprecation is a great virtue to be a
billy the ability to take the mickey out
of yourself and that's what a stray is
all about that's what I had diggers we
lost eighty thousand at Gallipoli in the
Western Front for us to have this
wonderful wonderful state of playing
this nation of democracy well we have a
freedom of speech we say what we like
we're slightly irreverent that would
turn over in their grave now to see with
the direction that we're heading yeah
Absalon that front your lamb campaign on
Australia Day is in a bit of strife I've
got to say because you got all these
left wing lunatics local government and
Beyond campaigning to abolish Australia
Day now you'll have no ads there and
less you turn to chicken or something on
Australia Day if they get rid of the day
itself now what can we do to fight back
against this lunacy because Australia
days no disrespect to our indigenous
friends what it's saying is that when
Western civilisation arrived here in the
26th of January 1788
a lot of good things came to Australia
medical science economic development
technology democracy moaning
enlightenment all these wonderful things
and it's something to celebrate it well
I think what a mundane hit it on the
head he said look why are we blowing and
why are we having these arguments and
protests about the past
whatever's transpired right or wrong is
part of our history let's move forward
and let's devote our energies into
something positive and let me tell you
about Australia day when we embarked on
a Australia Day campaign
it would it was totally devoid of any
political impact it was all about
inclusion it was all about celebrating
living in the best country on the planet
and by sharing a lamb cutlet it was all
about unity and unification there was
nothing to do with politics and that's
what it's in in simple terms and that's
what we to this day that was always my
intent
my intent was never to drag it in any
other direction and I can't see why we
should well it's the celebration of the
best things of elevation we can't
celebrate that it's a sad all day for
Australia to have our National Day
abolished as they're proposing now here
at mark Latham's outsiders we're
fighting back against that we've got our
petition and campaign save Australia Day
calm it's all important we're fighting
for it especially in 2018 when the
leftists will be marching on as hard as
they can save Australia day.com can you
support us am certainly mostly I can
support you I meant to say I'm
Australian any in any righteous
Australia and would you know you talk
about common sense will tend to be 100%
behind you you know we need to general
the forces and just for simple common
sense and for the good of the country
well we're saying to them keep their
hands off our day Australia Day theme
that we're running it's it's very
important to preserve in these trouble
times to preserve the best things about
our culture our culture's impurity it's
an imperative and not only that but we
should promote it through our
curriculums at school yeah absolutely
and the great thing about this company
what we should also do mark let me tell
you we talk about you know all these
issues we talk about migration we talk
about the food we're talking about
energy we talk about these raft of
problems we've got in our nation and
it's all about because they're our
inability to be able to have discourse
and our inability not to philosophically
change because we waste billions of
dollars on band-aiding issues without
addressing them at the core of the
problem and if we had the courage and
the strength of conviction that our
forefathers taught us we would never be
in the mess that we do because we allow
these perpetrators and these parasites
to come in on the on the grater and
causing us enormous consummation well
that's true we've got to sort them out
and the big one is saying what are we
going to
the vegans well the vegans I think by
now over sort of they saber were deemed
obliging pot-smoking vegans are well and
truly in the minority in there we're
something the grains God strike a light
how they tracking at the moment
Napoli now you can say that we have to
have what we love your same kicker which
but we've got one bone to pick with you
because out of your footy career and how
you became a public figure speaking so
impressively on behalf of Australian
culture you got your first big break on
a program called the fat it was now we
all hate the bloody ABC we hate the ABC
we've got your break there I did what's
going on better listen to me are you a
closet a beast and how are you listen to
me when I was on the ABC in the 80s in
the early 1990s the ABC fired its
charter what it was designed to do
promote Australian talent and promote
Australia and having a great level of
impartiality and that's what it was all
about you could argue to and fro there
was no venom there was no malice turds
don't intent it was a great place to be
at what's going to crap was well I got
no I left I can't control the world now
for God's sake we need you back I'll be
a deputy of give me an alien Donald
Trump for the troubles of the world what
a triumvirate that would be Magna so we
should be the head of the UN or
something like that the UN well they've
done the bounce back to you Trump you
sorted them out too instead of being
just American content now they're the
world's coming in you put them all on
notice
done some very good things we'll have to
get the band back together and sort out
the world's problems right having you on
the program the event that absolutely
pleasure and we look forward to your ad
campaign for lamb
we're going to have our lamb cutlets on
Australia Day and most importantly
celebrate our wonderful national dough
the best country in the planet get that
land cut wedding to you and embrace and
unify put your hand out to your neighbor
salute doff your lid and rejoice well
said that's the Australian way thanks
for watching the program we'll be back
in a short while to have a look at zegs
cartoon of the week
well how good is Sam kick of each
absolutely magnificent now for the rest
of the show let's have a look at zegs
cartoon of the week and very topical
we've heard the news out of the
Australian government they're spending a
lot of money big money
on what they call gender reassignment or
what we all call sex change operations
for soldiers there in the Australian
Defence Force Andrew hasty the federal
employees come out against it as a waste
of money and demoralizing within the
Defence Force and here's egg pointing
out that used to be known as Robbo and
now she's Roberta and of course they
spent the money to get Roberta looking
just like that looking good girl and not
spending the money on the weapons and
the actual military capability that we
as Australian taxpayers would want to
see from our Defence Force fair cop
there as egg well done
absolutely appropriate and we've got our
feature the meme of the week we've got
in some strife from nests also used to
call themselves Nestle's they now have
the fancy name Nestle they didn't like
this one what a difference Milo makes
male innopolis wasn't he fantastic on
the show last week it's marvelous what a
difference Milo makes to PC speech codes
and left-wing narratives that's from our
memes department and they say come on
you've gotta have a sense of humor these
memes are using all sorts of branding
and I don't think that does Marlow any
harm Milo drink any harm and of course
we love Milo you Napoles who's coming to
Australia later in the year looking
forward to that 100% now we go to the
outsiders outhouse thanks very much for
all the feedback I'm getting overwhelmed
inundated with letters and feedback
about all the important subjects and
many of the atrocities happening around
the country there's the email address
mark dot Latham @r NN mail.com keep the
letters coming they inform me and and
through the show the viewers about some
of the things happening in Australia and
one of them is an issue we've covered in
the immediate past that comes from Scott
in Sydney and he writes as follows
you'll be pleased to know that fire and
rescue New South Wales has started its
latest recruitment campaign
all females that applied last intake and
miss selection were sent emails this
week to reapply guess how many males
were contacted a big fat zero
information sessions are also being held
with sessions for women only guess how
many are male only sessions a big fat
zero males were told to go to the
general information session so go figure
but hey there's no discrimination the
recruitment poster shows two female
firefighters and one male Muslim
firefighter absolutely disgraceful never
in 30 years
would Scott have thought he'd be
embarrassed to be part of this
once-great
organization so we've got the picture he
refers to I'm not one of us in sure the
guys Muslim there I suppose the guy in
the middle of some attempt there at
diversity now Scott was pointing out
that they the fire brigade was going to
hold a female only information session
at Surry Hills at the Teachers
Federation conference center in Sydney
tomorrow but it's interesting to see
what they've now put on their website
following public feedback received yeah
I bet it was feedback it was hostility
saying no gender segregation no gender
apart I've gotta have an information
session make it for men as well as women
they're now saying the session is open
to male and female potential applicants
so the public have been pushing back
against this garbage at the fire and
rescue New South Wales the fire brigade
keep it up because you're having an
impact they were forced to back down
from the female only session the Scot
referred to and now they've got to
include men as well at Surry Hills in
Sydney tomorrow and it's worth pointing
out you want to sort of join the dots
you want to round the circle here that
the head of the fire brigade in New
South Wales Paul Baxter yes he too is a
member of male Champions of Change and
he's been outed as a dickhead because
the public outrage about the female only
session has been so hostile that he's
been forced to back down and be
inclusive by allowing men to come in our
next course pondan scums from darren in
north queensland we have some crazy and
dangerous stuff up here in Cannes mark
we have marine stingers Crocs highly
venomous snakes but the most hazardous
things of the species
as Cannes Regional Council and Warren
inch is the federal MP up there
supposedly a Liberal Party guy the
attached photograph shows that the
council saw fit to install a wonderful
rainbow crossing across the Esplanade
from the lagoon and McDonald's over the
recent school holiday period most people
I know we're pretty annoyed about it and
have no doubt that lunatic ench had
something to do with it
keep up the good fight as this country
has gone completely and totally bonkers
over the past few years and I hope
something gives soon and normality
returns or Darrent we all certainly hope
for that there's the crossing wouldn't
you think wouldn't you think all the
things that Council could spend money on
that are better money better things to
do were there resources then wasted on a
rainbow crossing which is probably going
to be distracting people minimizes
pedestrian safety and I wonder Darrin
and many others in North Queensland
think that is an absolute joke we have a
feedback from John in Melbourne and he
was learning that Sam kicker which was
going to be on the program so he writes
as follows I've been saving a comment
for a rainy day so here goes on your
program
Sam king of each is the king of land
promotion almost fanatically so
therefore I have to ask John us is Lam a
phobia Islamophobia
boom boom John well done funny enough
mate good stuff and when it comes to
humor my old maid in South where Sydney
Nelson woo one of the very best dentists
in the country as sent through a little
video we're going to watch it's called a
nudist cricket match
look at that idiot there's always one is
enough
we're gonna love that having you than
this cricket magic still gonna have a
laugh in Australia surely and that I
found to be very very amusing indeed now
the left lunatic of the week well
they've been in the news the whole
family Lisa Wilkinson and the bloke
she's married to here he is here's a
picture of him oh yes it's the red
bandana that's a reference to the fact
that Peter fits Simon's not long ago
described a South African security guard
as a gorilla so that's in honor of that
dreadful
heedfully bigoted statement but of
course he gets away with it because he's
part of the the leftist elites in
Australia Peter Fitz Simon's and Ziggs
got him there's egg of course had been
drawing up Fitz Simon's in the left
lunatic of the week montage pick me pick
me pick me so finally egg you'll be
happy to learn we've got the left
lunatic of the week Peter Fitz Simon's
there with these Mossman fashion house
the red bandanna such a worthy winner
you can see Lisa there just to his left
she's typical of the leftist elites now
the gender pay gap issue comes down to
whether or not a woman gets 2.3 million
dollars a year at channel 9 and if she
had they would have sacked 10 lower paid
workers but all the left feminists are
on Lisa's side instead of the lower paid
workers doesn't that expose their
elitist priorities now why have we
nominated Peter Fitz Simon's well he's
on the Sunday sports show on channel 9
we'll see how long that little gig lasts
for him in the current circumstances but
he was debating Emma Friedman the host
of the program about the controversy
that Richmond AFL club won the comp they
get the Premiership medal around their
neck and later on there's a photograph
of emerged you couldn't identify the
woman but you saw her a beautiful body
with the the medal around her neck and
there's an outrage about it whether or
not the the photograph should have been
released and shared on social media well
the play was at fault but Emma Freeman
was making a point on the reverse side
of the argument let's see how that
panned out with Peter Fitz Simon's at
you're suspended for two weeks or three
weeks or whatever it is but you have the
AFL has to take a stand on this and say
we are not doing this anymore we have a
sad history of mistreating women and
we're not doing it anymore finish what
do you say enough what do you say in
your Richmond colors yeah I am rich
tellers this morning my opinion on it
peter is right take your clothes off
well you say she don't takes a no
if you're in a position where you think
you might be put in a vulnerable
position later on for me I wouldn't take
my clothes off neither would all these
that's not my mouth thank you very much
sir
so the point is Emma Friedman's made a
sensible point for the young lady and
and and women like you keep your clothes
on you don't end up in these photographs
that can potentially be misused keep
your clothes on good advice I'm sure
most fathers would have that advice for
their daughters keep your clothes on and
Peter fit simons if he truly respects
women why was he interrupting why was he
verbling Emma Freeman putting words in
her mouth to say she was blaming the
victim she wasn't blaming the victim she
was giving some common sense advice as
well as making the point as they did on
the panel that the play was at fault
there were two sides to that story two
points of responsibility and Emma four
even made a valid point and there's
plead if it's Simon saying that he
respects women but verbling Emma
Freedman unaccepted
now pull your head in Peter you can do a
lot better than that that's just quite
ridiculous but you are a worthy left
lunatic of the week and all in the
family now because Lisa Wilkinson got
one earlier in the year so that's our
program for the night the last that will
have Frida we're here on YouTube if we
can use that expression please remember
the new subscription model to watch us
next Wednesday night at 8 p.m. you need
to go to that website mark Latham's
outsiders dot-com slash watch it's there
on the screen mark Lathan's outsiders
comm / watch $8 a month $80 a year or
less than $70 for the early bird package
less than a dollar fifty a week to keep
is going to provide the alternative to
the mainstream media and for all the
value you get out of that you can see
the rebel website the rebel dot media
slash shows the rebel dot media slash
shows you get pretty good value I can
assure you out of that particular
package so thanks for all the people
who've supported us on the YouTube
format before that
Facebook we're now moving to a
subscription format please support us
there we've got valuable work and
valuable information to get out so we'll
talk to you next week
