securing a trade deal with the US
remains the top story of the year given
what's at stake yet after so many
idiotic missteps by the virtue of
signaling Trudeau liberals why does the
behavior and even the apparel choice of
our Foreign Affairs Minister make me
think that these loony libs still aren't
taking these negotiations seriously
so I was reading Chrystia Freeland
breasts the other day she had just
touched down in Washington DC for some
high-level NAFTA talks she's supposed to
be our Foreign Affairs Minister but she
looked like she was dressed for a family
vacation in Orlando she was clad in a
white t-shirt sporting the following
copy quote mama is not equal to chopped
liver end quote
yeah mama is not equal to chopped liver
what the hell or is this a cryptic
message indicating that liver is now off
the bargaining table as the on-again
off-again US Canadian trade negotiations
lurched ahead zombie-like that much like
dairy eggs chicken and turkey liver is
now a supply managed agricultural
commodity in Canada these days and thus
qualifies for sacred cow status or is
this a matter of freeland suffering from
self-esteem issues these days thanks to
our constant bumbling regarding the US
trade deal after all in addition to
being a dish chopped liver is also a
metaphor for someone who is perceived as
being of little value evidence by being
ignored when others are getting
attention it's usually part and parcel
of a semi rhetorical question ie what am
I chopped liver Minister Freeland don't
ever ask that query you might not like
the answer meanwhile on the back of
Freeman's t-shirt was the flippant
phrase Keep Calm and negotiate NAFTA in
addition to this shirt striving for
jocularity when things need to be taken
dead serious
methinks the time for calmness is over
methinks it's high time free lending
company get crackin and get a deal inked
fast livelihoods of Canadians are at
stake here anyway here's the video
evidence of her arrival in DC
you can certainly back away sure it'll
be apparently tomorrow okay that's great
what's the meaning behind their shirt
minister my children gate they had it
made for me yeah you think it'll be good
luck for tomorrow I hope so
why are you hoping to come out of
tomorrow
hmm why do I get the feeling that pose
isn't going to exactly break the
internet like one of those Kim
Kardashian and glistening our specs but
really what is this kook trying to say
with such t-shirt diplomacy for me it
suggests that the Liberals even at this
11th hour are still not all that serious
about getting a trade deal done with our
biggest trading partner now when our Tom
negotiator shows up in Washington
looking like a economy class flub
obviously the catchphrase Dress for
Success is lost on Minister Freeland who
continues to treat these trade
negotiations as a virtual signaling
exercise given that a free trade deal
apparently can't be merely about trade
but rather there must be provisions
pertaining to gender quotas and First
Nations quotas and climate change quotas
and cultural protection quotas and so on
and so on and let's not forget to take
potshots at the president the moment he
leaves the room to a comparing him to a
tyrant yeah it's a joke a bad joke one
that might end up sporting a putrid
punchline if free Linden companies dear
Canada into economic recession indeed
why do I get the feeling Minister
Freeland will be returning to Ottawa
sporting a new top one that states I
went all the way to Washington to
negotiate a NAFTA deal and all I got was
this stinking lousy t-shirt for the
rebel dog media I'm David the men's ID
Menzies hey folks the rebel has a brand
new app please download that app and
take the rebel with you wherever you go
you
