you don't know nothing about Lady
Liberty standing there in a hop without
watch on high screaming out the wall our
nation's in a while
send me your poor your deadbeat your
filthy paws
now obviously the plaque doesn't say
that the plaque that's on the Statue of
Liberty put up there in 1903 well after
the Liberty was built and by the way
around the same time we decided that all
immigrants should speak English that
plaque says you know your huddled masses
yearning to breathe free and everything
arch is making it way harsher and he's
still saying he's Pro that so he's
saying bring us your deadbeats and your
filthy so he's saying we have taken in
even worse than that plaque asks us to
and by the way we America takes in more
immigrants than illegal legal starting
with an L legal immigrants than all
other countries combined but let's hear
him out and all of England's fags I
believe you said let's start with a
giant live out of the game more likely
to die as the result of faulty furniture
than by an Islamic terrorist so you
should really be scared of your lazy boy
okay stop that is true sir furniture
technically is more dangerous than a
Muslim terrorist attack when you run the
numbers of the four hundred and twenty
million people in America or wherever
your country is yes it's statistically
small it's very unlikely I'll be raped
but I'm still against rape I'm not a fan
of ms-13 but the odds of them attacking
me and my suburban home are next to
nothing you don't have to be
specifically personally under duress to
be justified in being concerned about
this scourge that is radical extremism
one in four Muslims in America between
the ages of 19 and 21
I think suicide bombing is sometimes are
often justified and that's real high
someone is going to do something
legendary on this show they're gonna out
jackass Sean Hannity on his own program
it's a guy named Gavin McInnes let the
fun begin well I think this is a perfect
example of liberals cognitive dissonance
where they say everything's cool hey
it's spring break people party women are
the same as men and when you have that
stupid lie in your mind you end up
making women more vulnerable these women
are not as strong as men and when you
let them go down there you're a terrible
parent if you let your son go down there
you're a fairly bad parent
but sons are different than daughters
wait a minute I kind of agree with him
about my daughter over my dead body
that's it not happening Oh daddy's not
paying for it you are great to add
you're great that okay my daughter no
way my son go get him tiger you know
under that logic I hate to break it to
you but your son would be partying with
another dude okay first of all I'm not
now all right I can't control millions
of people when I say don't have girls go
down there
girls don't magically stop going down
there okay so it doesn't become an
instant sausage fest we're not these
puppeteers controlling things with the
flick of a switch jump all girls are
gone so girls still went down there and
guess what happened they got raped okay
that's not funny
this Andrew racist piece of shit
okay but go to the top this is proof
that Andrew Breitbart
is racist okay so go down to the
interview Bill Maher says Oklahoma's out
of ammo because they're afraid that
Obama and his negro army are gonna come
and get you
very yeah what's the word vitriolic
attack there from Bill Maher and
Breitbart says Who's Afraid where is
this racism coming from and then Margo's
the racism is coming from Rush Limbaugh
but it's taking root in Oklahoma they
love their Oklahoma bombing and
Breitbart goes whoa whoa I find that
offensive because there's nothing in
this country that's a worse accusation
he's saying it's a terrible thing to
say about someone its we're in America
if you accuse somebody of racism that
person has to disprove that
yes which I'm forced to do it's
completely unamerican to call him racism
sick I love when people transcribe an
interview verbatim and then put sick in
there to make you look stupid
you tell me what he has done that is
racist the man has been on the air for
21 years 15 hours a week that defense of
Rush Limbaugh is proof that Andrew
Breitbart is a racist fuck boy do you
see do you see what we're dealing with
here you mop or Islam is trying there
over there and going hey where
everything bad we got all those sexism
and racism and homophobia you want no I
want to go attack Ben Shapiro and dead
Andrew Breitbart and when they air it
they pretend I was serious you see even
after the interview I go you know those
names were made up right and they go oh
really Han didn't know that then they
take that joke and pretend I was being
serious and add all this vo and say you
got to do better than that you got to
make up a better name than that US men's
soccer still gets a lot more enthusiasm
now why is that is that because men's
soccer is more interesting more exciting
Gavin you're down to nothing you know
what let me try to help you name three
US men's soccer players current we have
Bobby Daniels Bobby Daniels okay let's
check the list no not a player Ziggler
Norris sue not a player and a guy we
known to everyone in the junebug
and if you're gonna make up fake names
do better than junebug that's the best
you can do pretend I was serious when I
was joking
wow this is way worse than I thought
you guys are way more inefficient than I
could have ever imagined they do this
all the time by the way take jokes and
pretend they were serious because they
don't have anything and here's the irony
of all this they've ended up proving
exactly what they set out to disprove
when you say the white male traditional
patriarchy is so stupid and evil and it
takes you that many resources and lies
to prove your point well then your point
doesn't make any sense and you're wrong
if you go to a Natural History Museum
today you will not see anything with the
sconce
you will see Cambodian laundromat and
you will see talk of some French trapper
who sold someone a beaver pelt
Canada's true history is erased and if
you look at the money you see Scottish
guys if you look at a map you see McLure
Crescent and and McCarthy Road but
Trudeau worked very hard and spent a lot
of our money making us not exist
and now Canada is a fucking mess and you
just elected that idiots son who's like
him but way stupider even John Oliver
spent a big portion of his segment on
how what an idiot Justin Trudeau is
there is some concern that Justin
Trudeau may not be quite as smart as his
father as a journalist who's covered him
concedes his father was considered sort
of intellectually brilliant smart does
he have that kind of smarts no now my
job is lampooning ridiculous politics so
I'm good this is more fodder for me but
you well you're fucked this is I'm
discussing Tyler Perry movies I can
laugh
and pray in 90 minutes that is money
well spent
I really appreciate you saying that yes
a little scared America is Christian 75%
Christian the country was built on
Christianity blacks are very more
Christian than whites overall liberals
are not Christian you know who shot down
the gay marriage bill in California
blacks and liberals hated that it was
like their pets had a mutiny no what are
you doing I want you to listen to NPR
and have elbow patches on your tweed
coat don't vote down gays I want you to
love gays well they're not bananas about
case and that's a whole other video I
think it has to do with jail and the do
but I'm not as well trained with your
pets as you are the emoji movie okay
this movie you I've realized a lot of
these kids movies are about being gay
like remember the elf the elf from Red
Nosed Reindeer doesn't to be an elf
because that's not ways he's a dentist
I'm like a dentist you guys clearly they
were saying that you can be gay if you
want to be gay if you're born gay which
I'm obviously fine with but stop saying
it to me again and again like I don't
want that like I want to tell a gay kid
that he can't be gay very there's a tiny
contingent of maniacal Christians who do
that the rest of us go oh well so in
this emoji movie he's supposed to be a
blase whatever emoji but he's not that
he wasn't born that way even though his
parents want him to be that way he's not
that way he's a kooky funny guy so you
can be different than what your parents
want you to be Thanks kids are gay got
it hanging herself
robbing a convenience store and then
refusing to put his hands up while armed
running from police and refusing to put
his hands up refusing to comply and
resisting arrest while demanding this
ends now selling coke and heroin
assaulting people regularly and carrying
a switchblade refusing to comply while
armed and motioning towards an officer's
gun beating the crap out of a guy who
had a gun I say gay like that's so gay I
just think hey I have gay friends I
don't mean it like gay I mean it like
it's gay like it's lame and then I
stopped myself and said what am i
fighting I am I have become the guy from
50 years ago who said I say colored I
have colored friends you have to listen
to the the college-aged because they
lead the revolution there they're pretty
much always on the right side of history
okay
I don't even as as the Liberals say I
just simply can't I just can't or they
also say I don't know where to begin I
know where to begin
with the students students are on the
right side of history why because they
opposed the Vietnam War right now the
the hub of everything wrong with Western
society is on college campus they are
having guys banned from certain areas
because they remind someone of a rapist
they have rooms safety rooms where if
you're offended you can go look at a
fucking movie of puppies and get a
massage and eat candy they have lawyers
not having to attend rape law classes
because they might get offended they're
telling you that you're a rapist if you
had sex with someone and they later
decided it wasn't awesome that's not the
right side of history
that's the wrong side of history
you
