North Dakota talked about it yesterday
it has the exact same population of New
Brunswick did you know that about
750,000 people Zach North Dakota New
Brunswick don't Dakota is that one of
the leading energy producing states in
the whole United States because of
fracking for oil 2.3 percent
unemployment their six-figure jobs you
bet they are the source of so many oil
imports to Canada by railway by the way
that will continue now that energy East
was killed so they will frack in North
Dakota and import that oil by train to
st. John hey thanks Justin Trudeau North
Dakota has a multi-billion dollar
industry now it's not based on
harnessing the opportunities of New Age
cannabis energy smart grids tidal waves
now that doesn't exist that's not a real
thing
they have a multi-billion dollar
industry based on fracking now and no
fracking doesn't need another study it
has been done literally millions of
times it was invented in the 1940s about
90% of all natural gas in Canada is
frakked about 90% of all oil in North
America other than the oil sands is
frakked it's just how it's done but
because the word fracking sounds scary
thanks to demonization by Trudeau and
gallant and others those guys in Port au
port want it stopped and so it will be
just like it is in Quebec all these job
banning jurisdictions what do they have
in common well they all of the
equalization payments from the
oil-producing provinces like
Saskatchewan Alberta BC New Brunswick I
checked today they will get two point
eight one three billion dollars this
year from transfers out of a total
provincial budget of just over nine
billion dollars so yeah that's what we
call a moral hazard New Brunswick will
get their oil money whether or not the
pipeline goes through they'll just get
it from the West just as long as the
Golden Goose out in Alberta Saskatchewan
keeps laying those eggs except they're
killing that golden goose down energy
East the Northern Gateway pipeline
Pacific Northwest
LNG Aurora LNG liquefied natural gas the
trans mountain pipeline NBC's
to be killed next that's an excerpt from
my daily TV show the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
