tonight I'll mark Latham's outsiders I
talk to the incredible Milo your novel
is about his lifelong fight against
political correctness we're going to
have a look at the latest insanity that
come out of Australia's human rights
commission we've got zigs cartoons the
meme of the week a new feature we've got
the outsiders outhouse and the left
lunatic of the week great show coming up
thanks for watching I'm coming to you in
front of the Magnificent Parramatta town
hall in western Sydney no better
destination stay tuned
trigger warning trigger warning viewers
you've entered a very unsafe space this
is mark Latham's Outsiders I'm advising
all the snowflakes out there turn it off
straight away go eat your tofu and
lentils because all you get from this
program is straight talk the
all-important straight talk there's no
political correctness here no identity
politics no cultural Marxism we just try
and give you a good old-fashioned
Australian common sense the information
the sorts of things you don't see in the
mainstream media so you can make up your
own mind about the big important issues
facing our country now on that we don't
see much in the mainstream media of the
great male anomalus why wouldn't they be
trying to learn from this guy there's
been so much sneering about Milo's
forthcoming Australian tour he had one
very abbreviated to the interview but
the rest of the mainstream media are
sneering down their nose at maiale
innopolis well he's on our programme
tonight to have his say about the
important issues facing our culture
facing our political system now part of
the sneering was in the Australian
newspaper where they've written up in
their cut-and-paste editorial that
Marlow is an hour type of guy and
they're complaining that he actually got
some space there on a morning TV
breakfast programme who is the
Australian newspaper talk about these
things there in the echo chamber where
they're unwilling to learn from someone
like Milo he's on our show tonight
listen to what he's had to had to say
but at the Australian newspaper on the
morning of the American presidential
election they had that infamous front
page that Hillary's already won you can
take it to the bank the election was
over take it to the bank Hillary Clinton
had won so the Australian newspaper made
fools of themselves by not listening to
the likes of male innopolis it was part
of Breitbart part of the Trump push and
we're saying that the Donald would be
triumphant why wouldn't the mainstream
media in Australia be wanting to learn
from someone who was part of the most
remarkable election result in our
lifetime the victory of Donald Trump is
the president of the United States of
America it's a measure of how far out of
touch the mainstream media has become
that they don't want to learn from Iowa
innopolis well no such problem on mark
Latham's outside us tonight we'll be
talking to him in depth in just a short
while but at the top of the program I
also want to have a look at some of the
madness that's come out of the
Australian Human Rights Commission we've
got the race Discrimination Commissioner
Tim suit for Masson here he is
dr. Tim he's produced some new ads
shockers in terms of a negative
portrayal of Australia he thinks we're a
fundamentally racist country
let's have a look at the first of the
taxpayer-funded ads that he's put out
the so called
elevator ad allow me thank you
now now really is there a person in the
country has ever had that type of
experience at an elevator yeah we've all
been in them thousands of times no one's
ever seen that the Australian Human
Rights Commission in trying to diminish
and disparage our country is inventing
stuff that's just not true we are known
internationally as the world's most
tolerant nation we don't have racial
problems and tensions on the street
Australians are laid-back accepting of
all the different immigrant groups that
have come here as long as those groups
work hard and have a go and do the right
thing by our country it's as simple as
that so that elevator stuff is complete
baloney and then Tim soutphommasane at
our public expense goes a step further
I'm known as an international expert on
race relations in taxis because of past
events cleaning up more staff or on the
streets of Western Sydney let's have a
look at what Tim's got to say about the
taxis
mine long
where to please first that's okay
take you no it's not okay he was next
again it's complete fiction no one in
Australia has had that type of
experience that we know of I've had the
most famous taxi incident where my staff
has stole my property
and I had to chase him and retrieve it
by tackling him to the ground now that's
what happened in my instance that was to
do with race relations was about
honestly stealing someone's property
that sort of stuff there just doesn't
happen in Australia the Human Rights
Commission is being funded by the
Australian Government to make things up
that are a negative portrayal of our
nation and you've only got to look at
Tim's suit for massan's only his own
life story to know how tolerant and
accepting we've been as a nation of
equal opportunity I know Tim
soutphommasane he went to my old school
he'll stand a selective high school in
southwest Sydney when he went there he
was part of a very small Asian minority
of students today the student is
selective high school one of the best in
the country has got 85% Asian students
where's the racism in that equal
opportunity for all the Asian students
work hard they get the selective entry
they're thriving a Tim suit from asan
and my old school Hulst an agricultural
high school at Glenn Field in Sydney Tim
soutphommasane himself grew up in bonny
rig into the southwest a very
working-class area today he's living the
bourgeois left inner city lifestyle is
got top government job whereas the
racism in that he is an example of
someone promoted maybe it was on
politics more than merit but he's
thriving in the system no racism against
him why is he making up these things a
negative portrayal of our country and
furthermore the closest major shopping
centre to Tim soutphommasane when he was
growing up in South where Sidney was
Cabramatta where the Vietnamese refugees
came there they are bordered in the
migrant hostel and came out and lived in
Cabramatta and work there ringer out to
set up their businesses are now today
Cabramatta is a thriving bustling
successful business centre where people
are making plenty of money off the back
of their hard work well I salute those
Asian migrants are doing a wonderful job
and again where's the racism in that the
whole suit for Messiah life-story is an
example of Australian Fair Play and
equal opportunity for this play then
turn around try and crap in our country
with these ads a disgrace we should
reject it and celebrate the authentic
anyway which is to give people to go and
if they work hard they get ahead it
really is shocking you don't see the
racism in fact the only thing you've
seen in suit for massan's life is a
story of success and promotion and
people who are thriving in that local
community in South West Sydney because
they've done the right thing either
through the schools the business centers
or in their own personal careers so we
reject that here at mark Latham's
outsiders as I'm sure the great majority
of our viewers do now two important
things to understand about our platform
here please go to the website mark
Latham's outsiders com have a look at
the website there and sign up all your
friends neighbors anyone you know who
wants to see a better Australia for part
of our campaigning at rebel Australia
and the other thing in relation to our
next guest Milo you're not police
there's attempts out there of course the
anti-free speech brigade the censorship
brigade are trying to close him down and
cancel his australian tour go to our
website don't man my load comm and sign
the petition to allow this guy his free
speech and his contribution to our
democratic debate don't ban my load calm
please support it 100% and in just a
short while we'll be talking to the man
himself Maile innopolis you've got to
see it
and joining mark Layton's Outsiders from
Miami Florida we have my la innopolis
Milo thanks for being with us thank you
so much for having me now you must be
the most banned and censored person on
the whole planet Milo what makes your
voice and your opinion so dangerous I
think I probably am and the reason for
that is that I have turned the left into
an object of ridicule ten years ago
everyone was terrified even five years
ago everyone was terrified of saying the
wrong thing on the internet cracking the
wrong joke at work you know making a
pass of somebody in the wrong way
because they were worried that the
progressive left the social justice
warriors of the culture war left we're
going to come for them destroy the
careers damage their reputations in
their relationships well I have educated
people I suppose you would say into
realizing that ridicule is the most
powerful weapon you have against
authoritarians tyrants and hypocrites
and I have turned the left whether it's
the campus feminists black lives matter
activists or the social justice left in
the media into objects of ridicule and
figures of fun I've demonstrated to
people that nothing bad happens when you
stick up a middle finger and say go
after yourself to these elements in the
left they want to control how we live
what we say and how we can say it that I
think has been a really important
purpose that I have served in culture
and will continue to do so well you do
throw the ridicule out and they
certainly throw it back it's like the
ridicule wars and sometimes I think
you're in danger of being stereotyped in
that way can you explain to our viewers
what your positive set of beliefs might
be your positive agenda and vision for
the sort of society we should have sure
and to answer your first point the left
tries to make conservatives appear
insubstantial or frivolous or troll ish
or clownish you know characterizes us as
carnival barkers as a way of not taking
us seriously it's a way of saying I'm
not going to engage with their arguments
because I'm worried I might lose so I'm
just going to call them name so that you
don't listen to them well it doesn't
really work anymore because actually
what you do is you you ignite people's
natural curiosity when you tell them
they shouldn't listen
something when I was banned from Twitter
it was the best thing that ever happened
to my career because people came to find
out what I was about and we're asking
what is it about this guy that's so
dangerous that they want him got rid of
well the answer is that I am painting a
positive vision of the West the way that
I think it should be the way that the
Democrat and Republican politicians seem
to have forgotten to do which is based
on property rights democracy capitalism
and freedom of speech and freedom of
expression I believe that the best
countries in the world to live in are
those countries that have those things
and if you were going to be born into
one of those countries have you very
born anywhere in the world you'd want to
be in America Australia England and
Canada why because we have free speech
mostly anyway still it's being eroded
but we still basically have mostly free
speech capitalism and other freedoms now
that's that's a set of ideas that is
anathema to the modern left and in
response to that they try to call you a
racist try to call you a sexist try to
call you all manner of disgusting and
horrible things but at its heart
at its root my vision is one of laughter
and war and that warfare is waged in the
service of freedom and in the service of
the values that have made Western
civilization the greatest civilization
in the history of our species well I've
gotta say Milo I've been banned and
sacked a few times myself and I don't
normally find it to be a career booster
because it says the people you've got
something to say that others want to
silence and natural curiosity and human
nature supporting free speech they want
to listen now on that subject there's a
petition running in Australia called ban
Milo don't give him a visa and I want
you to know here at mark Layton's
Outsiders we're fighting back in the
name of freedom of speech we're running
a campaign a petition called don't ban
Milo calm you'll see it on our screen
don't ban Milo oh thank you we're very
supportive of free speech and your right
to visit our country and and and have
your national tour tell us about that
tour and what you're hoping to achieve
well it starts on December 1st so I am
Australia's Christmas present I'm going
to be coming to Adelaide and Perth and
Sydney a Gold Coast and we're selling
out tickets at a astonishing rate we're
doing really really well I'm gonna be
coming with my one-man show I'm gonna
make people laugh I'm gonna make people
angry I'm gonna make people think and
you know these petitions are a sideshow
nobodies you know it's what is it's five
six hundred people
Crazy's on the internet who are really
upset you have them you have a feminist
over there who's named after a fruit and
I can't be her name
it's our she's no Clementine Clementine
Ford you know her and I want to come
over and I want to show these people
that banning and in petitions and all
the rest of it are not the way and
discussion and dialogue is the way so I
would love to see her to debate her
because this fruit I can tell you it's a
lot more delicious than that one I want
to you know to come and see the best of
Australia the best that Australia has to
offer in terms of left-wing activists
you know Kent campus crazies and all the
people in the media because I want to
demonstrate to America to Australians at
home that you don't have to just be
scared and cowed into agreeing with
these speech codes and these politically
correct points of view and I want to
demonstrate to the left that you can
force people to pretend that they agree
with you in public but you can't change
people's minds on the inside all you're
actually going to do is create hostility
and resentment and hatred for yourselves
and well the left has done in you know
throughout the west over the last 30
years is forced people to take positions
in public that they don't actually
believe it's called preference
falsification to sociologists and what
happens every once in a while is people
say you know what enough the last
election in the u.s. the election of
Donald Trump brexit and my success in my
rising profile are all signals that the
left has overplayed its hand that it is
bullying people into holding certain
positions without actually persuading
them that the reasons why and might or
is a entertaining show but it's also a
little bit of a teachable moment it's a
little bit of an educational because I
started on the college campus lecture
circuit there's some serious content in
there there's some serious stuff that
people going to enjoy thinking about and
chewing over why we have allowed people
the least qualified people by the way in
our society the least qualified
imaginable people to lecture us about
skin color and sexuality and our sex
lives why we have allowed them to
acquire such extraordinary and massive
cultural and political power so that's
what my show is about I hope that
Australians will come and join us we can
have a lot of fun and it's really you
know the positive vision that you're
asking that you're asking for is
laughter and war I want to laugh at them
but I'm also going to wage serious
warfare against these people who are
destroying culture and poisoning
politics and the way I'm going to do
that is by holding a mirror up to them
by demonstrating their hypocrisy to
Australians and by you know demanding
that they justify the positions they
hold rather than
having conspiracy theories about campus
rape culture and the wage gap to
actually come with studies with data
with logic with reason with the facts
that justify their positions and my
experience certainly in America leftists
have proven themselves very unwilling to
show up in debate
nobody will debate me nobody will go up
against me and I think that's a pity I
think it's sad I think you know that
Australians and Americans were where I
currently work are smart enough to hear
debates on the merits without
name-calling without conservatives being
called racist sexist homophobic all this
kind of nonsense it doesn't work on me
because I'm a gay Jew Brit immigrant
with a black husband so get identity
politics out of the way and let's talk
about the actual merits of the arguments
let's talk about Islam let's talk about
free speech let's talk about feminism
let's talk about the black lives matter
movement free from name-calling free
from marginalization free from no
platforming free from banning people
from the country let's actually talk
about the stuff that doesn't happen very
much anymore and that again is what
might or is about them well that's
fantastic I've got to let you know that
my two sons teenagers are very excited
about you two are they're saying they
want front row seats so you've got a lot
of support in Australia particularly
from young well I'll make sure that they
have front and centre tickets yeah but
I've got to pull you up on one point
here we don't name our feminists after
fruit we named them after nuts and
Clementine Ford is our top ranking
hazelnut I want you to know but there
there's an assortment because it's not
in Australia on that front but can i
race we do this question of the well I
have much bigger nuts than they do
that's great to hear
can i race hither the question of the
alt ride we hear a lot of talk about the
alt right I was interested in this
debate and through the Trump ascendancy
where it seemed to me there was a split
almost the crisis in conservatism you
had civility conservatives like Marco
Rubio Jeb Bush you wouldn't fight
against the leftist takeover of
institutions and Trump brought to the
table a muscular form of conservatism
where he's going to take on these people
front and center but then the whole
notion as an alternative right seems to
have been hijacked by the left defining
other people's believes their own
beliefs are garbage of course but they
love defining everyone else's belief for
them how do you see this debate about
the true meaning of the alt-right well
when I wrote in 26
in what was probably the most
influential piece of political
journalism that year an establishment
conservatives guide to the old right I
wrote it with my colleague at bright by
Alan Bukhari it was intended as a guide
to the broadest possible definition of
the alt-right which was this new
populist nationalist movement that hated
political correctness hated feminism was
skeptical about immigration particularly
worried about Islam and I intended that
to cover effectively the whole
generation trump that half of the
Republican Party that had just split off
and decided that culture and immigration
were far more important than the stuff
that Marco Rubio is always banging on
about that's by far the most exciting
and the most interesting slice of
conservatism in America but the media
and some elements within the alt-right
have since redefined the term and now
it's a synonym with neo-nazi and as a
result I have nothing to do with it you
know I have no sympathy for these people
whatsoever as a consequence of their but
it was originally the way it started a
way to define a very broad movement some
some people pulled into politics by the
way simply because they hated being told
how to speak and what to say and that
was true of a lot of the younger
supporters so now that the word simply
is a synonym for white supremacy or
white nationalism or neo Nazism I have
nothing to do with it but there was a
time at which and we still need a new
word for this we still need a word to
describe this other half of the
Republican Party that split off and
voted for Trump there's still there's
still a need to define that and a need
to discuss it because it's by far the
most important interesting and enjoyable
shard of politics anywhere in the world
and you see it you know you see it
rearing its head in in England with the
brexit vote you see it rearing its head
in Australia a little bit and you know
for me you know as a chronicler of that
movement and of some of the people
within it I've of course been tarred by
the left as as a supporter of it well
what I just described myself as was a
fellow traveler on some issues because I
agree with him about immigration Islam
and political correctness the race stuff
I hate but they are right about some
things and those those things that
they're right about I think are the most
important questions in our civilization
they're the questions about how men and
women talk to all other questions about
you know about racial politics and
racial identity questions about you know
liberty and free speech and free
expression what we're allowed to say and
how we're allowed to say it those
questions are some of the most important
issues and they're questions that the
left has prescribed language around so
the only conclusions you can arrive at
if you use politically correct language
or
as well I don't like putting a
politically correct language I don't
like any kinds of speech codes and in my
tour you can expect lots of jokes you're
not supposed to make lots of politically
incorrect speech and people making jokes
about things that have traditionally
been off-limits that was originally some
of the promise of the alt-right was this
new world in which you were not going to
allow that the left to define language
and thereby ease people into the right
answer two debates were but we were
instead going to have a classical
liberal j/s mill style marketplace of
ideas
well my tour is a marketplace of ideas I
take questions from the audience I have
you know interesting and provocative
people on with me I hope that will
happen in Australia too you know and and
so that the really critical bit of the
alt-right the bit that I originally
liked that which is now disappeared was
a resistance to the left's political
correctness and social justice craziness
this this the left's kind of relying on
conspiracy theory and bullying instead
of persuasion logic reason in fact well
here in Australia what you're talking
about we call it the outsiders movement
there's an outsider's movement that
rebels against identity politics
political correctness the elitism of the
ruling bourgeois left so you might think
of that as a term in the future because
it's a terrible shame the defining skill
the only skill of the left is to define
and stitch up other people's beliefs and
just there's Trott's
in society at perhaps 0.01 percent of
the population so to white supremacist
but now they've tried to refashion the
Trump movement is reflecting those white
supremacists who are a tiny tiny
majority in your country and in ours so
where does the Trump or outside of
movement head into the future how's he
governing is there a governing model for
this sort of politics well with the
departure of some of the people and
Trump's administration that were the
standard bearers for anti political
correctness populism and nationalism I
do worry the direction the trajectory of
this administration I am concerned about
it but the movement will obviously
survive Trump it existed before him I
think that really the like if the last
30 years were about speech codes and
political correctness schoolmarm
ashiness and the rearranging of our
crayons for us by leftist admit aryan
engines of civil society whether it's
academia or the media or politicians or
whatever what happened
the next 30 years is going to be the
most sustained extraordinary pushback
against that and my popularity is
evidence of the fact that Australians
Americans Europeans alike are starting
to get a little bit ticked off with the
hectoring nannying bullying social
justice left the media Hollywood
producers their professors all of the
people in polite society who are telling
them what words are okay to use what
clothes it's okay to wear if I eat sushi
is that called cultural appropriation
because I haven't gone through the
experiences of being a Japanese person
this stuff is ludicrous garbage designed
to shame and scare people into believing
that they might be unconsciously racist
well you're not racist or eating sushi
you're not racist for wanting dreadlocks
you're not you know this stuff has
become a cancer and my tour and my
career really is dedicated to
eradicating that cancer the good news is
that underneath the Millennials you have
this young generation of people who are
about 13 right now and they really hate
BuzzFeed they hate feminism they hear
all kinds of social justice political
correctness
they absolutely loathe you know feminism
and speech codes and all the rest of it
I have huge hope for the future
because these people are watching when I
get banned from Twitter it makes me the
coolest thing in the world to them it
makes me irresistible to them when other
right-wing speakers get called names
they see that the arguments are not
being engaged with people are merely
name-calling and these young thirteen
you know 14 year olds are the future as
far as I'm concerned and there are a
huge portion of my fan base and also by
the way a lot of them love Trump love
you know whatever this is the next
generation of what you call Outsiders
and they're rising they're coming
they're coming behind after the
Millennials I'm a millennial my
generation messed up everything and I'm
sorry on behalf about my crazy
generation but there is it there is
another one coming up you know in the
cyclical nature of generations there's
another one coming up that does not
believe this garbage and I think what's
important to us as the Millennials grow
and assume positions of importance and
influence and government and politics
and the media we remind ourselves that
there is another generation coming up
underneath and we nurture it because
those are the other kids who are going
to ridicule the social justice warriors
out of public life and I'm very happy to
be a sort of icon and a and a role model
for a lot of those young people well
that's a really interesting point a lot
of people in Australia are older people
despair what's being taught in our
universities and school saying oh look
at the brainwashing of young people
to accept identity politics but again my
two teenage son say to me dad we live in
the world of the internet YouTube
Freedom of Information we don't like any
restrictions on the availability of
opinion and information so you're an
optimist as to the possibilities of the
next generation and and and and you
think that they'll emerge brushing aside
the stuff they hear at school in
university I am I'm more of an optimist
than most conservatives and libertarians
because I think I have more perches have
more access to that generation than
perhaps any other conservative around
because my fan base starts so young you
know maybe thirty years younger than any
other conservative in public life and
and for that reason I have a sort of
unique insight into the psychology of
this generation coming up behind and
personally I think we have many many
reasons to be optimistic we have a lot
of cause for optimism and celebration
because this young generation coming up
behind do not like my you know my
generations nannying and pearl clutching
at all I take that you know I'm very
enthusiastic and happy and optimistic
about that unlike as I say a lot of
other conservatives and it's one of the
reasons I win because I'm happy because
you see me an interview and I've got a
smile on my face I'm not scowling and
fulminating and furious like so many
other conservatives that you'll see in
media all the time the reason for that
is that I know it's going to turn out
alright but we do have a generation to
get through right now which is very very
totalitarian in the way that they
believe politics should be conducted in
the beliefs that they have in the way
they treat others terrifying statistics
are coming out from the Brookings
Institute in America are about how yeah
you know how many young students believe
that violence is an acceptable way to
respond to ideas you disagree with all
people that you don't like that has to
be reversed it has to be reversed
wholesale begins with education we've
got to start you know I think we've got
to start naming and shaming and hounding
professors who refuse to teach their
students the totality of political
opinions and who punish conservative and
libertarian thought it's only it's only
really you know libertarian thought
cultural libertarianism it's only a
classical liberalism that is going to
save Western civilization against you
know whatever is coming for us coming at
us from the east and we've got to
protect you is the most important thing
we have in culture is the most important
thing in the world the most one thing
there is your right to go to do say and
be whatever you want that's the most
important thing in culture and and
fortunately as I say Oh the younger
generation gets that and they look up to
people like me who will tell the naughty
mischievous mean jokes about feminists
mean jokes about black lives matter
activists mean jokes about everybody and
and you know they say see I'm trying to
educate them and I think I'm having a
lot of success in this I'm trying to
educate them into into realizing that
nothing bad happens when you turn around
and stick a middle finger up to the
worst people in the world and tell them
to go screw themselves well we're
running out of time unfortunately just
one last point you mentioned violence
how do you explain the rise of auntie
fur do we do see on the streets in
Australia attacking people where have
they come from and what does it mean
well when the institutional left teaches
kids as they are teaching kids that
violence is an acceptable response to
ideas they break that that understanding
that we've had for generations that you
can yell at somebody you can disagree
with somebody but you can't punch them
in the face because they don't have the
same politics as you when you start to
dissolve the boundaries between speech
and action when you start to unpick
those clean neat definitions which are
so important to keep law and order and
to keep a civilized society you
inevitably give rise to movements that
want to respond to our two ideas with
violence with intimidation with these
kinds of tactics now antiva has formed
because of this this barrier breaking
down which is leftist college
administrators and and college
professors but it has grown because it
has been enabled by universities UC
Berkeley have given heads ups to
domestic terror or terrorist
organizations in advance of my talks
leaked our speaker lists to drum up
opposition and to invite violence onto
their own campuses because they want to
make it as complicated expensive and
terrifying as possible to be a
conservative in public life so long as
you know these these wacko lefty female
police chiefs in California are telling
police to look the other way and not
police properly so long as the media is
making excuses for domestic terror so
long as left-wing Democrat politicians
refuse to disavow and refuse to condemn
the worst actors on their own side
violent leftist protesters so long as
all those things obtain violent
movements are going to grow violent
movements are going to are going to
intimidate and terrify young
libertarians and conservatives the good
news is the Democrat Party has finally
started to say anti-fur is unacceptable
and my hope is is going to be some kind
of cascade effect in universities where
violence simply will not be tolerated
anymore but the reason and Tifa has
grown is because the institutional left
has allowed it they've kind of looked
they haven't you know actively said oh
well it's really good that these
conservatives get run off camp well some
of them of course do but well for the
most part they don't say it's good that
these conservatives have run off campus
but they definitely look the other way
when when we are and they definitely
sort of tacitly nudge nod wink allow
this stuff to happen without condemning
it strongly and without allowing for
instance in in in California
particularly the police to do their jobs
so antifa has grown because it has been
allowed to by the institutional left
that has got to come to an end and I
think the Trump election in my
popularity demonstrated the public has
no appetite and no patience for people
who respond to ideas with their fists
well Marley thanks for joining us today
on the show and all the very best Down
Under we look forward to seeing you in
December all across the country good
luck with it well thank you so much take
care welcome back to the show wasn't
that amazing stuff Maya innopolis is a
really intelligent insightful person why
wouldn't the mainstream media want to
understand those views learn from them
and report them fairly it's just really
ridiculous the outrage industry trying
to crank up all these elements of
outrage little things people who said
they're upset some snowflakes quite
ridiculous he had some important things
to say and I welcome his contribution
not only to our program Marc Latham's
outsiders but he's forthcoming national
speaking tour now on with other
irreverent stuff here an TPC at our
program let's have a look at zags
cartoon of the week and it's on the
energy issue where he's got Malcolm
Turnbull and Bill Shorten digging away
and it's true that Malcolm's snowy river
Man from Snowy River scheme hasn't been
working too well and under the ground
that's all they find coal gas uranium
and you know why that's all there is
there so in terms of cranking up energy
security in Australia zeg you've made
the valuable point why don't we have a
nuclear industry in Australia where the
world's most geologically stable
continent we've got the stuff in the
ground we exported four other countries
they have nuclear power why haven't we
got it in
Australia magnificent from zeg and a new
addition to our show we've got a memes
department at mark face and outsider
this one sent the snowflake lefties
berserk and the gay marriage debate
let's look at our meme of the week this
is the new meaning to shotgun wedding
blokes can't have kids of course they
can't get pregnant so you never shot one
shotgun wedding in the new world of
same-sex marriage is going to be a bloke
with a gun in a wedding dress absolutely
fantastic and they're freaked out the
lefties which made it the meme of the
week absolutely tremendous
congratulations to our department
working overtime in producing memes for
mark Latham's outsiders we've also got
the outhouse all the contributions that
you've sent in during the week I thank
you again for that and if you've got
views about the program or any of the
issues that we cover write them into the
email address there mark dot Latham at
our n n mail.com mark dot Latham at our
and in Malcolm on there on the thunder
box and I'm going to read out the
contributions that we got this week the
first is from Robert in Sydney hi Mark
just wanted to thank you for the
excellent way in which you've given mrs.
a the brave school teacher a platform
and support on your program she tells
the truth and has the intelligence to
back it back to our local area and where
you and I both live I know know your I
know you're no longer in the labour
party but I'm sure you still have
contacts well not really
Robert is there any chance that you can
speak to them about their disastrous
development probe proposals for our
local area and if appropriate to get
dick Smith and your new party leader
David Lionel back on the show to discuss
the demographic population time bomb in
western Sydney and New South Wales in
general well we will be hammering the
issue of cutting Australia's migration
rates to take the pressure not only off
urban sprawl in Sydney Melbourne
Brisbane but also the pressure off the
housing affordability crisis but I just
want to touch on one of the points that
Robert made about mrs. a you can see
here in Ireland that was in the Sydney
Daily Telegraph newspaper last week
where mrs. I really put the initiative
on the table she covered the horrific
things that were being put out by the
Belfield
Islamic college in southwestern Sydney
and the New South Wales Education
Minister Rob Stokes has responded by
putting forward legislation so that
values Australian values are taught
automatically in our schools and we're
not going to have the likes of the
Belfield college at Rossmore in
southwest sydney putting out a handbook
which says that and I quote peace
stability and justice can only be
achieved through the establishment of
Islam well that's not the Australian
weight we don't have that type of Sharia
law or religious focus and I pay tribute
to mrs. a as did Robert in saying that
she put these issues bravely on the
agenda and the New South Wales
government is now responded she raised
it on our program it's an achievement
for which she should be applauded and
it's what we're here to do to raise the
issues you don't see in the mainstream
media and the force governments you know
the proper approach in this case in New
South Wales the Education Minister
legislating to have proper Australian
values in our schools hats off to the
great mrs. a well done our second item
in the outhouse comes from Angela in
Melbourne further to your item last week
on uniting cares life to seeing out the
LGBTI claptrap recently I visited a
center called Burke and beyond in
Melbourne which provides post school
training activities for young people
with disabilities on the organisation
stationery they display a part of the
footer alongside the Aboriginal and
Torres Strait Islander flag a miniature
rainbow flag truly since when this is
what Angela was asking since when did
the rainbows colours constitute an
official flag since when did it define a
specific people nationality or ethnic
group since when was it given this
recognition in our country since when
has LGBTI politics become a core part of
the organization's mission and she
writes time to find another provider of
NDIS services for my child well this
just shows how divisive identity
politics can be Angela's making the
valid point that these organizations
need to be truly inclusive and not go
down the path of a particular brand of
politics the rainbow flag doesn't have
any official status and there's a user
of the service who for valid reasons is
very much alienated by the use of that
flag on the letterhead for the service
for her disabled child so disability is
much more important than politics just
get on with the job there at the bir can
be on service in Melbourne and forget
about all the LGBTQ
I crab trap okay we just don't need it
and finally we've got Gary and Brisbane
riding as follows
I saw your video about female-only
recruitment in the Australian Federal
Police something similar is happening in
the Queensland State Police although
it's more carefully hidden training and
entry standards have been watered down
to assist female applicants to the point
where they are virtually guaranteed
entry how can this be happening when
Public Safety require requires hiring
the very best person for the job
great point Gary please investigate
what's happening in Queensland and
expose it as you did with the AFP no one
else seems willing to take on the issue
and the feminazi feminazi sisterhood
pushing it why has the political system
become so weak why are people so scared
of left-wing activists well I get scared
Gary because of the outrage industry the
demonization of people and of course in
the police you want the very best person
hired for the job Public Safety is at
stake and it doesn't really matter if
someone's white or black male or female
straight or gay just get the best person
for the protection and safety of the
Australian people particularly at the
federal police where they're involved in
the heavy important duty of
counterterrorism it is happening right
through it the state police forces
thanks for highlighting that in
Queensland and we will be investigating
further thanks for your contribution
Gary in Brisbane now finally for our
viewers we're going to have a look at
the left lunatic of the week zyg brings
up this wonderful wonderful array of
leftist I mean he's barely got any room
on the canvas now with Corral's so many
left lunatics look at them the whole
array you can see Tim sued former
science Sam desta are e Julia Baird Lisa
Wilkinson boy Warren inch Gillian Triggs
van bottom and it's still Peter Fitz
Simon's in the red beret trying to get
attention pick me pick me and he's red
bandana
and the left lunatic of the week well
that's Eric Jensen the editor of the
leftist Saturday newspaper no one reads
it except Jared Anderson for academic
research purposes Eric Jensen is the
left lunatic of the week you've got that
amazing bird's nest hairstyle and if you
want to know why is the left lunatic of
the week we're going to play the clip
from the drum program the ABC drama he
was debating James
Morrow who we know well from this
program let's have a look at the debate
which ends with the atrocious comments
from Eric Jensen I've been riding in
lifts for 43 years I grew up in a
high-rise tower I have never ever ever
seen anything like this happen in my
entire life now I've got an eye that
racism is problem but I think that the
Human Rights Commission is drawing a
very long bow when it's trying to say
that racism is so pervasive here and
just statistics from their own website
these guys in the year 14/15 had 561
complaints under the racial
discrimination act in the previous year
429 so even by their own numbers racism
is declining it feels to me like you
don't make complaints for the Human
Rights Commission about casual racism
casual racism is the fact that we have
an all-white panel right now having this
discussion and in casual racism affects
people's lives in every with it but the
end is not depicting someone refusing to
write a lift with someone it's ripping
someone not holding that list lift with
someone and I'm certain that happens of
course that happens and it's not for you
James to decide if it does or not well I
think what you're looking at with this
is the attempt to find racism in so many
common everyday interpretations there
but that's why and that's why we need to
talk about it but what you're doing is
just saying that racism is the reason
why absolutely every sort of thing yes
racism is the reason I have a job is the
reason why we have jobs is the reason
that we all have jobs everyone on this
panel has a job because they benefit
from some kind of racism
well Eric Jensen seriously if you really
believe you've got your position there
at the Saturday newspaper because of
racism you bloody idiot resign if you
truly believe you're a beneficiary of
racism you had any principles quit your
job and employ someone of a different
skin color if you think that's how the
system worked so a true left lunatic of
the week arguing about those Human
Rights Commission ads we saw earlier on
that everyone gets their job because of
racism well resign mate get out of there
and live up to the bullshit that you've
actually put forward on that program
instead of just breaking it now
jamesemorrow congratulations for making
the valid point that
in the Human Rights Commission
complaints they haven't got evidence of
widespread racism in Australia
jamesemorrow from The Telegraph well
done well said Eric Jensen have a good
look at yourself because that's just the
zania star Gyu man you'll ever hear and
a condemnation of your own organisation
that is true
left lunacy so thanks very much for
watching the programme we'll be back
same time next week Wednesday 8 p.m.
we're going to have a very very special
guest an icon a legend of Australian
public life on mark Latham's outside is
next week that'll be the great Sam
ticker which I can't wait
thanks for watching have a great week
