Arlie the trees amazed she now it's ages
ago she was going to start cracking down
on extremes ever since I was home
secretary trees may have been obsessed
with obstructing privacy in the name of
defeating extremism she doesn't want to
deal with the root cause of extreme them
so I think we want to name the form it
takes but she does want to start
cracking down on what you look at on the
inland change through the snoopers jar
the draft communications data bill
basically requires in there providers to
keep records of your internet browsing
history to your service providers know
exactly what you're doing online and the
government and anytime tap into whatever
they want just a glance the government
nor you missus hey let's the treatment
main really wants to push this she wants
go one step further and start
imprisoning people who watch the wrong
finger line headlines sold this is a new
way of stopping terrorism in the UK they
told us that watching terrorist
propaganda online become a criminal
offense it could land you up to 15 years
in prison
homesick take a marude just look at
marathi she said so to make sure those
who view despicable terrorist content
online included your hobby websites
far-right propaganda and bomb-making
instructions face the full force of the
law at the motor has become quite clear
now that they she's using the very real
threat she had he terrorism was about
crack it down anyone else who dare
question the government's chaotic
immigration program or their constant
kowtow into islam a study from the home
office showed that since the first of
September 2016 Isis supporters have
published almost 67 thousand tweets in
English promote terrorist propaganda
studying also showed in the first eight
months of 2017 there are more than
44,000 links to Isis propaganda being
shared online this is a massive massive
problem no doubt inspire magazine which
is al Qaeda's official magazine teaches
jihad ease how to derail trains or mow
people down in their trucks downloaded
fifty five thousand times in just three
months in our country there were no
arrests because how many people were
accessing these files it's a criminal
offence to download that magazine it's a
terrorist magazine these exact people
should be prosecuted they've done
nothing to them
nothing so far so what's change for us
how do you think they could suddenly
start arresting tens of thousands of
people in your game if not actually
hundreds of thousands of people they've
already shown they aren't interesting
round up people on the terror watch list
they keep me in terror attacks in the UK
while on this watchlist
and there are 23,000 of them on the
streets right now see freaking in 15
years in prison it's going to put off
people who are literally willing to die
for their cause isn't really about
solving terrorism the politicians and
toss run this country don't really care
about Salvatore they think they can
solve it through foreign policy work in
this cabinet means they're more
interested in shutting up people on me
people don't you the people are talking
about these jihadi attacks this is a
blatant excuse to start locking people
up for thinking the wrong things madman
rod said it herself she talked about the
threat of jihad and just sneak in the
world far right I've been there actually
wetting themselves from excitement and
the fact that they can use Islamic
terror attacks as a way of shutting up
you know all that's horrible races who
have always been such a fool in their
sides and we know they're using this
excuse because some government has just
announced another plan to shut us down
at 200 thousand pound hub which like
London's hate crime hub it's designed to
tackle internet trolls home office we
spend hundreds of thousands of pounds on
the new team to dedicate the police
officers that the hosts our team are
dedicate police officers who are to
assess reports of so-called abuse made
online use their new TrueVision hate
crime reporting platform
typical of government in wasting our
money on bullshit and come out on an
equally bullshit name for it what hell
is true visual enemy this same system
was previously used by pro EU
campaigners when they claim that bricks
it causes a huge wage of hate crime so
you can bet that the system will be used
to make similarly ridiculous claims that
they're where our huge raise and II
Islam or far-right attacks gone after
bricks it we saw this massive increase
forgot all about huge ain't great don't
sound happy nonsense what exactly is far
right to the government think far eyes
who gets to decide the government the
real far-right Britain they call me a
lefty
I don't care about race I'm just
concerned about a religion that hates us
and teaches its followers to hate us
that's far-right Goods I'm running it so
what she's gonna lock me up so not every
one of you up everyone who makes videos
like we're gonna get locked up if
anything counts as far-right propaganda
in the minds of these lunatics it's
everything we do here at the river you
know the film Minority Report this is
exactly not is it in the so called
far-right websites he's like a pre-crime
and the oracles in the government are
swooping in they're arresting people
before we do something horrible like arm
yourself with knowledge maybe mine our
report is treason my ultimate fantasy
total control over the people already
dresses like some dystopian genderless
humanoid and even if these laws were
being bought in with the honest
intention of stopping Islamic terror how
does the government think they can
suddenly handle tens of thousands of
people we're all watching is sharing
this material there sticking a plaster
over a festering wound we have to tackle
the problem at its source
I think the best way to fight back
against this it's too crazy more
far-right propaganda let them try to
stop us
I'm in the process setting up the Tom
Robinson show I'm we doing we usual
morning round ups but I'm also going to
be on the road we travel into events you
can't make it to interview and people
you want to hear from and sticking a
finger up their fascism government they
want us all to sharp so please help me
sit up we're gonna be the only media
fight back in Britain standing up for
every one of you home and overwhelming
the government with so much hate speech
I don't know what to do it we're in the
process of setting up the table to show
and we can't do it on you if you wanna
lend us your support show us some
support go Tony Robinson calm thank you
you
