remember this yes I'm angry yes I am
outraged yes I have thought an awful lot
about blowing up the White House she was
wearing that little pussycat hat I have
no information about Madonna I don't
know what she had to do to get ahead as
a beautiful young pop star it's a pretty
competitive business but do you know
this she was outraged about Donald Trump
saying the word pussy in a private
conversation so outraged that she says
she wants to blow up the White House I
haven't heard a word from her about
Harvey Weinstein or Roman Polanski or
Woody Allen have you Hollywood and
Washington DC have merged in recent
years especially over the Obama term
Weinstein whom everyone knew about says
Jake Tapper's friends was welcomed with
open arms by the Democrats here he is
hosting a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton
in 2016 Michelle Obama called him a
wonderful human being in 2013 Weinstein
made 13 visits to the Obama White House
that is more than most world leaders
dead the Obamas actually sent their own
daughter Malia to intern with him I
don't have a critical word to say about
the daughter of a president of the
opposite I hope the Weinstein didn't try
anything with her but I bet he wouldn't
dare I don't know Weinstein was huge
with the media huge with Hollywood huge
in Washington and he still is so what
happened to him after this damning 30
year run as a predator was revealed in
the New York Times oh nothing he's going
to take some tutoring tutoring he's
gonna be tutored that's right he's
hiring a tutor to remind him not to
extort young women not to blackmail them
or to prostitute them
he just needs a bit of a fresh shot that
a tutor maybe she'll help him with his
multiplication tables - that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on youtube if you
want us
subscribe to watch the daily show every
day including always to interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
