so we've known for a little while that
the Immigration and Customs Enforcement
or ice is taboo if you work with them
design technology for them or don't
completely support open borders sorry
you're a Nazi but what about the CIA
well that's apparently also off-limits
at least according to a socialist
student group at the University of
Illinois at Chicago let's check it out
let me introduce you to the
international youth and students for
social equality usually if your group
has a clunky name the acronym will at
least be a word or easy to pronounce but
I YS se doesn't really spell anything
this kid representing the fledgling
University of Illinois at Chicago
chapter might have just used BS which
could have stood for Bolshevik
socialists or something else now what
our i ys SES policy positions oh you
know completely reasonable things like
free quality education free quality
health care and historical truth a
section they begin by saying they side
with Trotsky over Stalin anyways you I
Chicago is partnering with the CIA to
help graduates get jobs and internships
in the intelligence field mock
interviews and resume assistance sounds
pretty helpful right well when the
schools iy SS a chapter caught wind of
this it authored a statement titled CIA
out of University of illinois-chicago
the socialist students say UIC has a
diverse student body including children
of immigrants who were forced to flee
their country of origin due to the
turmoil caused by the regime change
operations of the CIA itself if
recruited these students would be
utilized to carry out imperialist crimes
of the US government around the world
they go on to say the CIA is responsible
for countless crimes the overthrow of
governments the fomenting of civil wars
assassinations torture and spine
imperialist crimes a I think that
imperialist is hysterical SJW speak for
interventionist an intervention isn't
necessarily a bad thing if you're
intervening to prevent something you
have
reasonable cause to believe will effect
your own country if left unchecked
anyway the socialist students continue
the encroachment of military and
intelligence agencies onto the campus is
not an isolated incident but a symptom
of the breakdown of world capitalism
world capitalism Wow way to give
something a negative connotation like
it's world hunger or something people in
the political extremes honestly come up
with some of the best lingo crisis actor
is another good one amidst increasing
inequality and growing resistance in the
working class the ruling elite is
looking for new ways to suppress
opposition to its domination of every
aspect of social life Wow conspiracy
much it is trying to turn college
campuses which should be centers for
learning and the free exchange of ideas
into instruments of counter-revolution
and reaction hmm or how about
instruments for employment so that you
don't end up being deadbeat hippies for
campus unmasked I'm Rob from Jacques if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
