hey everybody this is another edition to
take that with Kurt Schlichter look we
got people out there telling us what to
do what to think what to feel
we have mazie Hirono telling men shut up
and step up I have a counteroffer I have
a better idea how about we say whatever
the hell we feel like you know free
speech is an important part of who we
are except the other side seems to hate
it now we got mazie Hirono is that even
her real name she's a senator from
Hawaii and she's dumb as a rock Carla
Harris and and and and Dianne Feinstein
are sitting around high-fiving each
other because now they're not the
dumbest members of the Senate well
anyway mazie Hirono waddles out gets on
camera she's standing right next to
richard blumenthal right the hero of the
Tet Offensive
mister stolen valor and she says and
believe in the women um mmm
no how about I not shut up how about I
say whatever I want how about I do
whatever I feel like see this is a place
called America we can do whatever we
like yeah it's true even if you're male
uh-huh right
see because immutable characteristics
like race and gender and all those sort
of things don't disqualify you or
qualify you from anything they're
meaningless now nod to Democrats
Democrats seem to love them Democrats
seem to think they're important
Democrats seem to think that the right
your creator gave to you depend on the
cue of your skin or where your
grandfather came from or or which
restroom you use not in California that
just gets confusing but I'm talking male
and female you know like in America
these people have completely changed the
entire idea of what America is about
about the individual value and dignity
that every person has because they don't
believe that they believe that your
value comes from you
membership or lack of membership in a
particularly particular
or set or sect that's ridiculous that's
wrong you know you get on Twitter and
you're easy for instance because I I
tweet once in a while find me a Kerch
flicker on Twitter and and there are an
endless series of liberals always saying
you should shut up now you should stand
down you shouldn't talk men you should
be quiet white males you should be quiet
people your questions you should be
quiet and and you know black
conservatives you should be quiet
everyone should be quiet except well
them you see they're never the ones that
should be quiet now of course there are
a few you know pseudo male quislings
that's the Weasley little femme boys who
are trying to score with radical chicks
so they're like as a man I'm sad my
penis privilege you know what you want I
will do what I want I will do exactly
what I want in the manner that I choose
and if you don't like it to Blanken bad
see I don't know about you guys I
deployed twice to go you know overseas
to help defend my country and the
Constitution that forms the basis of
what it truly means and you know after
an experience like that I don't see why
I should ever allow somebody to tell me
how I should exercise my rights nor
should you
whether you deployed or didn't deploy
whether you you know whether your ideas
are good or bad you've got a right to
Sam now you go over and look at
someplace like England well you got
Tommy Robinson he's getting literally
getting thrown in jail for saying things
that they the elite doesn't like we're
not quite there yet fortunately we're
still men and we haven't given up our
Second Amendment and we still have the
ultimate veto over tyranny in the form
of decentralized weapons distribute
among the citizenry but we're nowhere
near there yet we're at the middle
finger part not the trigger finger the
middle finger Park
right we're having any cultural Civil
War and I say what we fight it I say we
fight it with a hearty Blanc you to
anyone who tells us what we have to
think what we have to feel what we can
say and what we can't say nobody gets to
do that not now not ever
not you mazie Hirono again it's not even
your real name who calls their kid
Maisie her parents must have hated her
too anyway let me sum it up God created
you with the right to speak freely he
also created you with a middle finger
use them both if you want to find me you
can follow me on twitter at kurt
Schlichter spelled just like it sounds
you can read my town hall columns every
Monday and Thursday and you can listen
to my short five minute outside the
paywall rants here on take that with
kurt selector ah the rebel media which
you should subscribe to because it's got
a bunch of great stuff I'll see you next
time
you
