thank you very much indeed madam
moderator the United Kingdom is in
crisis regarding racism xenophobia and
intolerance not because of brexit
although according to our liberal press
all brexit ears are racist xenophobes
who have to be introduced to their own
reflection in the mirror or taught how
to work velcro i'm a brexit ear and not
because the stats on hate crime are
rising rapidly and of course they are in
2016 3,300 people were detained for
posting offensive messages online last
year the British police arrested nine
people a day for their thoughts online
in the United Kingdom her t words have
become a policing priority in London
where more than a hundred children have
been stabbed to death since the start of
the year our Muslim mayor decided to
allocate 1.7 million great British
pounds to a specialist online hate
squads to police words knives are doing
considerably more damage our crisis in
the UK is that when you define anything
other than approved thought as racist
xenophobic or intolerant good people
dare not share an opinion for fear of
prosecution we have become intolerant to
alternative opinions or views or ideas
in fact just last week a police force in
the UK urged people to report insults
which make them feel bad even if they're
not crimes under the slogan hashtag hate
hurts police have called upon members of
the public to report incidents that made
them feel hurt hurt is an emotion in the
UK in 2018 we are policing emotion what
next policing for feeling proud and it
doesn't take too much searching in our
recent history to show what happens
to those who dare challenge the system
or the establishment for the crime of
standing in the street repeating
information already in the public domain
Tommy Robinson was tried and convicted
within five hours and sentenced to 13
months in jail the British state is
intolerant of speech regarding majority
Pakistani Muslim rape squads in the UK
are British daughters victims of these
grooming gangs were called white trash
but in the UK racism can only happen if
you're black the Lord Chief Justice
himself said but Tommy Robinson was
improperly tried improperly convicted
improperly sentenced and improperly
treated in prison even as we sit here
right now marine lepen has been ordered
by a judge in France to undergo
psychiatric testing for tweets
criticising Isis to see if her mental
health could be a risk to the public
they want to label her as a mad woman
for criticizing terrorists the French
state is tolerant of terrorists but
intolerant of their critics what madness
is this we are headed to a very dark
place indeed imprisoned for speaking in
the street sectioned in France for
criticizing terrorists arrested for her
t words online policing emotion it seems
to me that many of those seated here who
preached tolerance are in fact the most
intolerant of all I recommend the United
Kingdom stop imprisoning those who
criticize majority Pakistani rape squads
I recommend France stop trying to
section people who criticise Islamist
terrorists as mad women and I praise
America for standing strong for your
First Amendment rights thank you very
much indeed
you
you
