Calgary city councillor drew Farrell has
decided that Calgary is moving too fast
she's on a mission to stop those pesky
drivers from racing down the road at a
dangerous 50 kilometers an hour her
solution she wants to reduce the default
speed limit to 30 kilometers an hour
effectively turning every city street
into a playground zone imagine rush hour
it will be nuts it is clear that these
socialists will stop at nothing to take
a car off the road
don't misunderstand this is directly
targeting suburban families for a reason
these councilors have an agenda to
fundamentally change the way in which
Calgary operates Farrell claimed that it
would only add 30 seconds to everyone's
drive each way well socialists have
never been that great at math in an
interview following the council meeting
Farrell had this to say it is the number
one concern that we heard
the doors during the election the
spilling it doesn't matter what part of
the city it was cut through speeding
traffic we keep both speeding down
neighborhood residential streets and and
people feeling unsafe number one issue
given the widespread unemployment the
crumbling roads and City Hall gambling
calories future on the corrupt Olympic
bidding process well drew you might be a
little bit off the mark on that one
these lefties will not be satisfied
until every family minivan has been
traded in for a bus pass on the face of
it it seems like a tax grab after all
the city annually collects around 20
million dollars in photo radar taxes
just think about the bike lanes that
they will be able to build when that
number triples in 2019 it is time that
we fight back but we need your help
we've started a petition that we are
sending to City Hall demanding that they
scrap the plan at the next council
meeting if we get enough severely normal
Albertans to sign it well maybe these
socialist councillors will curb their
agenda in favor of keeping their jobs
please sign the petition at stop the war
on cars calm and I will personally be
delivering it to drew Farrell's office
at City Hall let's send them a message
we are sick and tired of them trying to
slow Calgary down
