so all of us at one time or another have
probably applied for a job or something
else and gotten a letter of
recommendation
typically the recommender decides
whether to write a recommendation based
on the skill of the recommend d
typically the recommender doesn't decide
whether to write a recommendation based
on their own political bias against the
country where the position is located
except when it comes to Israel
apparently I recommend you check this
out let me introduce you to dr. John
Cheney l'p old a professor of American
Studies at the University of Michigan
his fields of study all end with studies
which has become quite the tell-tale
sign for cultural Marxism in
universities and his research areas
include gender race and identity Cheney
Leopold recently agreed to write a
recommendation letter for one of his
students Abigail Ingeborg but then
changed his mind after learning that
abigail was going to be studying in
Israel he said as you may know many
university departments have pledged an
academic boycott against Israel in
support of Palestinians living in
Palestine what's a Palestine you say
that as though it's a country or
something this boycott includes writing
letters of recommendation for students
planning to study there and the
professor apparently sent this email a
couple of weeks after agreeing to write
a recommendation but it gets worse for
Abigail I should have let you know
earlier the professor said and for that
I apologize but for reasons of these
politics
I must rescind my offer to write your
letter for reasons of these politics
I thought academia was supposed to be
one of the only institutions that was
divorced from politics teaching people
how to think not what to think
and apparently Cheney l'p old wasn't
even acting in line with the rest of his
school rick Fitzgerald
a University of Michigan assistant vice
president said that the school has
consistently opposed any boycott of
Israeli institutions of higher education
and that no academic department or any
other unit at the University of Michigan
has taken a position that departs from
this long-held University position
Fitzgerald went on to call the decision
to let politics influence the amount of
help a professor gives students
disappointing and what about Abigail she
hasn't publicly commented yet but she
might not get to study in Israel because
of this whole fiasco for campus unmasked
I'm Rob Jim Shaw if you'd like this
video and support our mission please
make sure to comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
