so we we looked it up and we not a
different dress for having it turns out
they sold the house and moved in for the
last six months so we sent over the
secondary address their license plate
was outside and it had a bumper sticker
for a school we their kid with - I know
that's very creepy but it was buried in
the school information so and so we ran
the license plate those carbons Jeremy
why wait so his car is parked outside a
house that does um and they're very
recently and so on softer wake up so
we're able to run the license plates for
the way you we haven't officially
dismissed it but that's like okay it's a
brand
she has you know do you say no I mean
pretty expensive if you've got it for
DSA but I think it's great that she's
able to have that resource at work and
use it for TSA yeah and you know that's
the kind of thing that you would get
fired for become over yeah she the
things that people know about about her
and her activities outside of this
organization like people do not have the
Silver Bullet where like this much
better whatever they were able to get
through that yeah so I mean we're all
walking that line
so James if I understand that correctly
a member of this Democratic social
Alliance Socialist Alliance that's what
DSA I think stands for is also works for
the Department of Justice and she used
her access to find out the home address
and the license plate and other personal
information about a Republican and then
I think I saw a picture of her outside
that Republicans house leading a radical
demonstration so she has grin the
government using their tools whether
it's lexis nessus license-plate search
or home searches and then she has a
street protest did I get that right is
that what she's doing that's correct
that is that is correct and it would
take the Department of Justice I just
emailed their spokesperson about fifteen
minutes to just scan her websites and
tools to verify what I have reported
here but we have people on tape saying
she does this she says she does it
unofficially to run a license plate of a
private citizen using DOJ resources is a
crime you cannot do that that's
terrifying
and then she personally has a protest
outside his house that that's beyond
creepy nice that's that I'm I don't
wanna throw the would sound creepy is
the word that she uses I would describe
potentially as felonious is criminal and
I would tell you that you know she says
she can't get fired yeah that's what she
says in the day she says I'm what she
says what's kind of lucky is it the DOJ
we can't like get fired and her office
says it's impossible to fire a federal
employee so in Canada you call it civil
service well in America we need civil
service reform and I don't know what
these guys have to do to get fired it's
the numbers are off the charts
ninety-nine five percent of people yeah
you know keep their jobs you have a more
likelihood of dying in while a federal
government worker than being fired so
there's all these different storylines
but this is the deep state this is this
is putting a face to a name of what
these people do and again John Brennan
is not outside targeting people right
he's up at the top these are the people
who actually carry out
and execute and they're the tip of the
spear and they're the foot soldiers and
they're all round and they're resisting
and they are they don't look all look
the same they don't look like communists
Stewart Kaurava well you know looks like
a like a buttoned-up bureaucratic guy
and and this is what they look like and
sound like and that's why it's important
people to see it that's an excerpt from
my daily show the Ezra lavance show
weekdays at 8:00 p.m. Eastern every day
I do a monologue interview a guest and
read my fan mail and my hate mail to
subscribe go to the rebel da media slash
shows
you
