let it be said that I'm a big fan of the
kind of parliamentary democracy we have
in Canada however it is not perfect and
one of the imperfections is that our
system allows MPs to instantly change
parties
well the first day of Parliament after
summer recess sure got off to a bang
thanks to a liberal back bencher
dropping this bombshell for me to
publicly criticize the government as a
liberal would undermine the government
and according to my code of conduct be
dishonorable after careful and
deliberate consideration I must withdraw
from the government benches to take my
seat among the ranks of my conservative
colleagues and join Her Majesty's where
and so it was that Leona Alice Lev
crossed the floor
becoming an instant conservative it's a
boost for the Andrew Shearer
Conservatives and a bump in the road for
the Justin Trudeau liberals and of
course in the aftermath we're left to
speculate why Alice Lev made this move
in the first place when she made her
farewell speech on Monday Alice Lev
lamented that there were large amounts
of capital investment leaving Canada
politics prevent us from getting goods
to market deter companies from expanding
and undermine our competitiveness Canada
faces a perfect storm of serious
challenges at home and abroad we are
seeing fundamental shifts in the global
economy while trade relationships
international agreements and defense
structures are under threat now perhaps
we take our comments at face value that
she was frustrated by her party's
mismanagement of the economy or perhaps
Alice Lev who was a former military
veteran and a graduate of Royal Military
College is just sick and tired with the
way vets are being treated by the
Trudeau liberals it must be really tough
for a vet to see trash like convicted
terrorist Omar Khadr receive a ten point
five million dollar cheque whereas
patriotic military veterans who are
suffering from injuries or dealing with
PTSD are according to our p.m. asking
for too much when it comes to benefits
or maybe Alice lab senses there is
see change occurring in her writing keep
in mind she want her writing of Oak
Ridges Aurora Richmond Hill situated
just north of Toronto by slightly more
than 1000 votes maybe crossing the floor
for Alice Lev simply boils down to an
act of political self-preservation but
whatever her true motivation was for
switching teams well it's a moot point
because the point of my rant is simply
this I am no fan of this crossing the
floor business regardless of who is
crossing over to where for better or
worse the people of Oak Ridges Aurora
Richmond Hill elected Ellis Lev under
the liberal banner and full disclosure
folks I live in this writing but I
certainly did not vote liberal now if
Alice Lev has had a change of heart in
terms of political affiliation for
whatever reason fine but I find it
downright perverse for a liberal to
instantly become a conservative and vice
versa
and I think this flaw in our system has
to be fixed and it can be easily fixed
by embracing one of two options first if
someone chooses to switch parties then a
by-election should take place in that
particular writing and if a by-election
isn't feasible then Plan B would be for
the MP to sit as an independent until
the next federal election is called
whereupon he or she can run under their
new banner as it stands now crossing the
floor is a form of disrespect and
betrayal to those constituents who
elected a candidate under a particular
banner in the first place it's time to
end this farce it's just not right for
the rebel dawn media I'm David the men's
ID Menzies hey folks the Breville has a
new app please download that app and
take the rebel with you wherever you go
you
