move over people kind there's a new sjw
word in town it's Fisher folks and if
you don't start using it you could be a
sexist cave man cave person cave people
kind cave folk maternal love is the love
that's going to change the future of
mankind so we'd like you to look we
would like to say people kind not
necessarily mankind more inclusive
remember that Justin Trudeau cut off a
young woman to correct her use of
gendered language you know the left
cries a lot about mansplaining to women
but that feels like actual mansplaining
from a male feminist now that was the
same Town Hall where Justin Trudeau told
an injured veteran that he was asking
for more then this Liberal government
was willing to give there were a lot of
gaffes that came from that Town Hall in
Edmonton anyway after the entire free
world made fun of our socks spokesmodel
Prime Minister for his use of a
completely made-up word to avoid the
crime of feminists wrong speak the
Liberals tried to walk it all back and
say that it was just a bad joke poorly
delivered bio nitwit with no comedic
timing okay I made up that last part but
it is still true some people were buying
that lame liberal excuse but I certainly
didn't in yesterday liberal MP Francesco
sir Baro confirmed in his own ridiculous
and humiliating way that there is an
internal Liberal Party caucus war on
gendered language if you have any pride
left as a Canadian this next video I'm
going to show you will take care of it
at least for a little while but first
let me set it up for you this fellow
here like I said is the Liberal MP for
Vaughan Woodbridge Francesco soar Baro
and if you go to his official MP page
he's got one of those standard pictures
of him and Justin Trudeau exchanging a
strong male gaze it's
we read the liberals all have this
picture of themselves with Trudeau in
some form or another it's sort of like a
cult and if the Liberal Party is indeed
a cult well sir borrow is a fully
initiated member yesterday in the House
of Commons sore borrow was speaking to
the benefit of Canadian trade deals now
these little House of Commons speeches
they often get rambley and sometimes go
right off the rails but this speech went
straight into crazy town you have to see
this but first prepare yourselves listen
carefully to the made-up words soar
borrow uses to avoid using any sort of
gendered language in his little
soliloquy here recently on a family
vacation of Boston at a conversation
with someone who would love their
efficient wooden Fisher folks would love
to have access to Europe like our
Canadian fishermen do Fisher folks knew
excuse me I grew up in pretty superb
British Columbia and there's canneries
and so forth and I clean fish to pay for
our University and we have increased
access for those Fisher folks and those
loggers did you hear that sir borrow use
the fries Fisher folks instead of
fishermen three times in the House of
Commons and then he even apologized for
using the word fishermen accidentally
when his brain and mouth didn't get the
liberal memo about masculine language
being a hate crime or something sir
borrow says he worked in a fish cannery
at one point now I'm pretty sure they
did not discuss over buckets of fish
guts how language is a tool of the
patriarchy this all proves that
Trudeau's people kind comment was no
gaff or no bad joke the way the Liberals
try to pass it off to us it's literally
internal caucus policy to fight gendered
language as a tool of the patriarchy
these coups they'll be saying police
folk and fire folk before we know it
that's the natural progression here do
these liberals think that women who fish
for a living really give a rip about
this stuff it's like the Liberals have
never met a woman who isn't a major in
feminist interpretive basket-weaving
studies I hunt and I fish
actually I'm probably better at telling
fishing stories and am at fishing but I
do spend a lot of time at sporting goods
stores obviously let me tell you the
patriarchal use of male gendered
language isn't something we talk about
down at the gun counter do the Liberals
really think that women who defy gender
norms by captaining fishing boats and
doing it well are demanding special
language to be used down on the wharf I
bet not those business women are
probably concerning themselves with real
things like whether what a carbon tax
would add to the cost of marine fuel and
what the constant flushing of human
sewage into Canada's waterways by
progressive cities is doing to their
fishing stocks on the flip side I sort
of welcome this insanity and not just
for the endless comedic material that it
gives me the weirder the Liberals force
themselves to speak the more normal
people get completely turned off by the
craziness of it all now if you'll excuse
me I need to take my recycling down to
the road so that the garbage folk can
pick it up for the rebel media I'm
Sheila Gunn read have you signed my
petition yet to this Liberal government
I'm calling on them to treat Canadian
veterans and our active Canadian service
members better than they treat fake
refugees to sign my petition and to see
the full story of the cash benefits
given to Syrian migrants go to 50,000
dot see a
