there are a few conservative and
nationalist political parties in Poland
many of which have a strong youth
following in particular the Republicans
a smaller conservative party that works
alongside the governing law and justice
party
annamaria Tsiolkovsky is the firebrand
leader of the Republicans she isn't the
stale old white male kind of politician
were used to seeing so I thought it
would be interesting to hear from her
why she thinks younger people are
getting involved with her party
Anna Maria is a member of the same the
Lower House of Polish Parliament and she
kindly agreed to meet with me one
evening to discuss her work the young
people in her party and the control that
communists and the far left still have
on the national press our party was
formed quite recently we are a young
party and I think that we bring with us
a new approach to politics first of all
we group together young people we are a
party of the young generation secondly
our goal is not to become a party for
the masses but rather somewhat elitist
by that I mean that our party has grown
out of an environment of experts and we
form our ranks out of people who are
active in NGOs the character of our
party is very much bottom-up the rest of
the parties are organized top-down often
coalesced around the party leader we
have a very different approach to how to
organize our party so the polls are
showing that the youth in Poland of over
60% of voting conservative or right or
right leaning which is vastly different
to in the UK in the UK just 2% of
British use associate with the national
religion a recent poll actually showed
that young people if only young people
voted in the net in the next general
election not a single Conservative MP
would be elected but 600 socialist MPs
would be I wonder why it's so different
I wonder what's motivating the youth of
Poland
just assume it's true that our
generation is very closely connected to
conservative values we are very often
inspired by heroes and role models from
our history often people from World War
two such as these soldiers of the Home
Army the National Armed Forces NSC you
could even say that this kind of
patriotism exploded among our young in
recent years previously for many years
back when I was in elementary school and
in high school things looked very
different the mainstream was very
leftist and their views dominated in
mass media I think that this change from
my generation reached adulthood and the
internet came around because it helped
people to break this code of silence
surrounding many topics and secondly
political correctness couldn't silence
the debate in the public sphere anymore
I think that it was the Internet in the
end which made us realize that we aren't
alone in our opinions that there is a
ton of people who think like us so
naturally young people started forming
different kinds of patriotic
organizations and today we are reaping
the reward of what was done back then
giving us the wow effect when it comes
to the growth of patriotism in Poland I
also think that an important part being
something of an ideological foundation
of Polish patriotism is Catholicism you
cannot separate Polishness from
Christianity and in Poland the Catholic
Church was always strong and so was our
bond with Christianity and I think that
this is the foundation on which the
young generation was built a generation
which is committed to conservatism and
is not ashamed of being polish nor in
the values which it believes in it wants
to give substance to those values and it
wants to build a Poland for the new
generation so you make a few interesting
points that we ourselves are from the
internet we're part of this new media
system people have lost faith in in the
old media and it seems that's happening
here as well I mean not too long ago
last year we were here for the
Independence Day March the mainstream
media in the UK slammed it is far-right
neo-nazi racist the lot of it they're
lying about Poland because they're
patriotic and they're lying about Brits
because they're patriotic
so it's interesting to see that parallel
but also I'd look I'd love to know a
little bit more if you could tell me
about the post communists and the quad
if you could tell me about that because
from what I know the old guard
communists are using old money to build
up old school media in Poland to tell
allies right I think that the problem we
have in Poland is not just well on one
side of course the post-communist quad
or post communists order control mass
media and Poland for a long time but on
the other side mass media in Poland was
also brought up by foreign players and
it is obvious that if I may for an owner
of media in a certain country then I
will want the media of reporting to
correspond with my interests and this is
unfortunately our reality when our media
is controlled by German owners the point
of view broadcasted by that media
naturally it must be beneficial to the
German interests in Poland so when we
have media controlled by foreign owners
it's obvious that they will work towards
the goals and interest determined by
those foreign owners we must keep this
in mind and this is why it's so
important for us to create our own media
companies we must have such information
channels which will allow us to reach
our citizens in certain ways this is
happening in Poland today through public
service media but I think that an
underestimated source of that is
alternative media which has a large
audience and is deemed credible by the
public version absolutely opposed to
veera Gardiner so what do you think it
is specifically about the youth that
makes the youth wake up to this and is
it happening on the same level with the
older generations who may well remember
communism how is it for from a Western
perspective how is it that a young
population in Poland who don't remember
communism are so brave in the face of it
that they're fighting against the far
left whereas we in the West are cowering
and terrified we have a couple of issues
at play here the first thing is that we
are currently in a moan
Pollan is truly regaining its
independence the fall of communism in
1989 was in many ways illusionary since
well of course the form of government
did actually transform in 1989 and
almost all companies that used to be
state-owned were privatized but
unfortunately the companies and wealth
was privatized in such a way that it
ended up in communist and post communist
hands anyway or at least in the hands of
people associated with them for ordinary
people the free market only meant that
people could sell their products in
small bazaars or market places but the
wealth of large Polish companies
remained in the hands of Communists
today this is changing but we are still
in the process of regaining control of
our state polls are a very industrious
people and they are showing that they
can rebuild their state they are
creating their own companies and run
them successfully but we also need time
we have been walking this trail for 30
years in Poland since communism fell you
could say like in the way that the
chosen people of the Bible wandered the
desert for 40 years before reaching
their promised land and I think that we
as the young generation will soon also
reach a promised land a land which we
will build on completely different
principles and the ones we have had so
far and when it comes to your second
question which concerns why our young
generation is committed to conservatism
well you have the opposite case in
Western Europe I believe that it's
connected with Poland not abandoning
Christianity it's very important to us
and it's the last line of defense
it's the ultimate norm and moral
backbone that we have God and the values
associated with him is something that
allows us to determine what really
matters to us in our life and to define
the values that are important to us in
which we want to fight for if we lack
such values and we only live life of
materialism or consumption ISM then in
reality we have no value which we would
be willing to fight for and sacrifice
ourselves for and in such a situation
things start to look like they currently
in the West if we lack such values and
we only live life of materialism and
consumption ISM then in reality we have
no values which we would be willing to
fight for and sacrifice ourselves for
and in such a situation things start to
look like they currently do in the West
there we can see a type of civilization
which is in its death throes because a
civilization which is abandoning the
values on which it was built is dying
and on its ruins a new more vital
civilization will be built this is what
we are witnessing in the West where the
Muslim civilization is about to replace
your own watch near such an agnostic no
sahaja so this harked back to the point
that's really interesting the heart back
to the point earlier that only 2% of
British Jews actually find any kind of
association with the Church of England
our national religion what I'm wondering
is is it the same in Poland I'm
presuming not that the national religion
has been hijacked by the far-left
because what I find in the UK is that
many people are leaving behind the
Church of England because of the far
left politics and is that is that
infiltration of our religion that's
destroyed the religious foundations of
our country is that's what is that what
changed Britain and is that the
difference with Poland I think it's a
difficult question because I think it's
connected with the degree of which
Catholics are committed to dogma or
certain doctrines that we believe to be
invaluable and cannot be changed as a
result our teachings must be in
accordance with the message delivered by
Jesus Christ on the opposite side there
is the idea that the Christian faith can
be changed that it can be flexible and
shaped by people living in modern times
in Catholicism we have well-defined
dogmatic principles which we cannot
tamper with even if the Pope himself
would suddenly change his mind and say
for example that abortion which is evil
and killing a human being would be
allowed from now on it would break the
rules of Catholic teachings and
therefore it cannot happen in the
Catholic Church so I think that if you
don't have these dogmatic principles if
there aren't certain values which you
cannot question then your church starts
to adjust itself to the modern world
instead it should be the church telling
the modern world in which direction to
go not the opposite way around so that
the church adopts the norms and values
which dominate the modern world the two
nama kusa channel ready to shut up so
you would say Britain needs more
Catholicism you could say so I think
that this might actually be happening as
we speak because a lot of Polish priests
have followed the faithful and moved to
Great Britain even the priests from my
congregation now reside in London so I
know that you have a lot of great
priests arriving just to round up could
you give me an insight into what the
Republican Party is doing at the moment
what's next for the Republicans the
Republican Party has its representatives
in Parliament meaning myself and Miss
malgorzata Jana Wasco naturally we want
to grow and we have our people in
important positions of Polish government
on the boards of state controlled
companies we have a lot of experts in
our ranks and cooperate with many NGOs I
think that our main goal for the coming
years is to reach a number of MPs and
the Parliament which allow us to
initiate real changes so that the things
which are important to us can be passed
in Parliament we have a year's time for
that to happen as parliamentary
elections are coming up next fall so
please keep your fingers crossed for the
Polish Republican Party well it's
interesting actually because that's
exactly what happened in the UK there
was a party called you Kipp that did
extremely well and what they did by
progressing slowly through the years is
they got us the brexit vote it does show
the power of smaller parties in
Parliament in the European Parliament
even so I hope that goes well and good
luck thank you so what message can I
take home to Britain to the young people
of Britain who feel intimidated and
scared by the far-left who were
attempting to control every part of
their lives and yet here we are in
Poland the the youth of Poland are
standing up to the far left and voting
conservatively what message can I take
home for young Brits
I especially want to tell young British
people to not give up and to keep
fighting for the values that are
important to them to continue the fight
for our world
that of the Latin or Western
civilization to not give up on any
ground because if they do that territory
will be taken by the civilization of
Islam I also want to encourage them to
engage in international cooperation it's
very important for us today to talk to
each other and to work together so that
we can defend our common values I want
to discover the real story in Poland not
the story from the mainstream press that
Poland's just a racist country but in
fact the real story that the Polish
youth are voting more conservatively
than ever and standing up in the face of
far-left
and EU tyranny will you help me cover
our modest expenses for hotel airfare
and cabs will you help us raise a
thousand pounds to cover this important
work please go to rebel Poland calm
thanks so much for your support if you'd
like to help us cover our modest
expenses for this trip please go to
rebel Poland calm
you
