Anne Hathaway denounces her privilege M
Hathaway has taken a brave stand against
white supremacy publicly denouncing her
straight white and cisgender privilege
during a speech after accepting the
National Quality Award during a Human
Rights Campaign dinner Hathaway
explained her idea of privilege and she
said it is important to acknowledge with
the exception of being a cisgender male
everything about how I was born has put
me at the current center of a damning
and widely accepted myth that myth is
that gayness orbits around straightness
transgender orbits around cisgender and
that all races orbit around whiteness I
mean isn't this just some form of
bigotry of low expectations coming from
a woman standing in front of the world
wearing a really nice dress and enjoying
a fancy dinner with all of her rich
celebrity friends trying to tell the
world how virtuous she is but isn't she
also saying that people think all races
orbit around whiteness I mean isn't that
assumption in itself bigoted and to
think that the world looks up straight
people but frowns on everyone else I
think the West is one of the most
accepting places in the world for
minorities just try going somewhere else
people like this just wants to Pat each
other on the back and show the world how
virtuous they are
she even gushed during her speech that
an earlier speech by former Vice
President Biden gave her heart back and
by the way being gay and trans means
being part of a minority so by default
they will always anyway orbit sis people
at least in that the world is majority
straight and those who consider
themselves gay or non-binary etc will
always be a minority let's use little
people as an example they are a minority
and deserve all the same respect as
regular height people but are we going
to start changing most buildings to
accommodate people with a what
smaller stature I mean in a way they
orbit regular-sized people and the same
is true of people in wheelchairs of
course people in wheelchairs deserve and
get the same respect as everyone else
but we're not going to start abolishing
stairs because the world revolves around
able-bodied people this woman just can't
see how privileged she is look at how
much work has gone into making her look
good she gets to stand on stage and
receive an award and be adored by the
world would she like to say that it's
all her own hard work that got to her to
where she is or will she chalk it up to
privilege and claim it was all handed to
her on a silver platter isn't it time we
moved on from this I don't know many
Republicans at all who dislike gay
people or non-white people Republicans
are good and decent people but that's
not what they want you to think who in
their right mind hates gays or
minorities and do we still need big
fancy dinners to say obvious truths that
minorities matter there's constant
pandering and standing up to evil that
doesn't really exist at least in the
form of Western politicians or society's
unnecessary and in my opinion belittling
it's time we stopped mollycoddling and
treating minorities like children and
instead giving them the respect they
deserve as equal adults if you want to
see more from me and the rest of the
rebel team like and subscribe
you
