so you've probably heard about
university safe spaces cordoned off
areas for different oppressed groups
basically a progressive segregation
although segregation was also supported
by Democrats come to think of it anyways
one school announced a safe space
recently but this one was only for white
students strap yourselves in because
here we go if you visited the University
of Maryland's Counseling Center website
Friday morning you'd find over a dozen
different group counseling sessions one
of which was called white awake do you
sometimes feel uncomfortable and
confused before during or after
interactions with racial and ethnic
minorities no do you want to improve
your ability to relate to and connect
with people different from yourself sure
do you want to become a better Ally oh
now I know where this is going now this
group offers a safe space for white
students to explore their experiences
questions reactions and feelings members
will support and share feedback with
each other as they learn more about
themselves and how they can fit into a
diverse world ok first of all please
stop capitalizing racists we capitalize
proper nouns I don't know any person by
the name of Big W white nor any country
second this is obviously a social
justice initiative but I want to know
which University of Maryland
administrators sat down and said huh you
know it would really be good optics for
our school a white only space on campus
so anyway after this story came out this
counseling group was modified to look
like this instead of white awake it's
now called anti racism and a lie
building group and all references to
whites have mysteriously gone missing
the school said our Counseling Center
acknowledges that we did not choose the
right words in raising awareness about
this research-based initiative and how
this group has been perceived is counter
to the values of inclusiveness and
diversity that we embody therefore we
are renaming the group to better reflect
our intention and values
you know this kind of reminds me of the
white Student Union groups that popped
up on different campuses over the past
few years they are pretty widely
dismissed as hoaxes and I think they
were in terms of actual coordinated
activity on campus but the Facebook
pages definitely seem to be operated by
real people I spoke through Facebook
with whomever ran the UVA one last year
that Facebook group has since been
deleted now you've probably had a good
laugh at the concept of white safe
spaces and white student unions but
here's the thing that should be a
response to every identity themed
initiative their condescending they
waste resources and they waste time that
can be spent actually bringing people
together for campus unmasked I'm Rob
shim shell if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
