yet another stumbling block in Canada
getting a trade agreement done with the
US as the so-called cultural exemption
clause so how about we just kill this
redundant clause something that is far
more political than cultural
as the trade talks between Canada and
the US lurks forward Justin Trudeau is
now insisting that he will drop the deal
if it doesn't include a so-called
cultural exemption clause
yeah like Canada is in any sort of
position to walk away from a trade deal
with our biggest trading partner man
even so our virtue of signaling p.m.
apparently likes to play Russian
roulette
even when every chamber and the gun is
loaded but in a global news report
Justin said that Canada waiving the
exemption for cultural industries would
be tantamount to giving up Canadian
sovereignty and identity so in addition
to supply management being off the table
we've got to keep those sacred cows
known as the dairy farmers happy a
cultural exemption clause has been added
to the list of demands for a trade deal
including of course provisions regarding
gender and indigenous rights as well as
something that addresses climate change
what a mess what a cook at the end of
the day the cultural exemption applies
to such industries as publishing
broadcasting and other media entities
all of which means American companies
are not allowed to purchase Canadian
radio and TV stations even though this
proviso does not work in Reverse given
that Canadian companies are free to
purchase American media properties the
argument for cannot cultural protection
is that Canada is the proverbial Mouse
living in the shadow of the elephant and
we need special rules pertaining to
Canadian media outlets in order to
prevent cultural assimilation forgive me
if I don't buy into this argument
because based on bitter experience I
discovered that these protectionist
rules are far more political than they
are cultural case-in-point in Canada we
have a cultural regulator known as the
Canadian radio and Telecommunications
Commission the extensible policy reason
of the CRTC is to ensure broadcasters
create and promote Canadian content or
can con as it is known many of the
people working right
a treble media including myself and of
course rebel media founder Ezreal event
our refugees from the Sun News Network
which permanently went off the air in
2015 Sun News was losing about 17
million per year so in order to stem
these losses Sun News applied for a new
license that would allow the channel to
receive mandatory coverage in essence
all Sun News was asking for was to be on
a level playing field with other news
channels and check out the can Khan
resume of Sun News it was a network
owned by a Quebec cop media company with
its main studio based in Toronto and
with bureaus right across Canada Sun
News employed nearly 200 Canadians and
its bailiwick was to tell Canadian
stories to Canadian viewers
he couldn't get more Canadian unless we
were to immerse ourselves in maple syrup
and tattoo the maple leaf on our
collective arses but some news was
denied a lifeline why
well the CRTC doesn't have to give
reasons for its decisions but everyone
knew what the unspoken reason was that
was Sun News was a right-of-center news
network and while the CRTC has no
problem whatsoever with the leftist CBC
receiving a 1 billion dollar
taxpayer-funded welfare check each year
Sun News couldn't even get a license
upgrade because our politics just
weren't you know Sympatico with the rest
of the media party so bottom line I say
to hell with cultural exemptions that
block American media companies investing
in Canada given that the CRTC
doesn't even stay true to its own
Canadian content mantra thanks to its
own inherent political bias and if state
protected Canadian media outlets are
unable to compete with American media
outlets under a new deal well as my
business analyst friend loose Keyes's
likes to say happy capitalism baby for
the rebel dot media I'm David the men's
ID Menzies
hey folks the rebel has a brand new app
please download that app and take the
rebel with you wherever you go
you
