filmmaker Michael Moore said something I
agree with I know I'll tell you all
about it today on the Hollywood
conservative for the rebel
michael moore you all know him he is the
loudmouth morbidly obese far-left
filmmaker or as i like to call him the
Motor City Jabba the Hutt as you can
imagine he and I do not align on much
however prior to President Trump winning
the election he spoke and wrote many
times about how he felt Donald Trump
would win he predicted that Trump would
focus energy and ultimately win in
formerly blue states like Michigan
Wisconsin Pennsylvania and Ohio he also
admitted that Trump wasn't the problem
Hillary was he talked about the fact
that 70% of Americans at that time found
Hillary Hillary Clinton to be
untrustworthy and dishonest he was one
of the few people who while he did not
agree or even sympathise he saw a
climate in which Americans were growing
increasingly disgruntled with the DC
status quo and we're looking to change
things up he voted for Clemson he
supported her he campaigned for her but
he actually did predict that because of
the zeitgeist of the era Trump would
ultimately beat Clinton for the
presidency so that is probably the
single instance I have ever ever agreed
with Michael Moore on until now first
let me clarify that / my name comparing
him to Jabba the Hutt I have no warm
fuzzy feelings for this guy I think he
is grossly misguided disingenuous he is
blindly and ignorantly liberal and most
of all he's a crappy filmmaker but he
brought up a good point recently and
believe me I'm just as shocked as you
are it hit me like a clothesline this
hall anonymous New York Times op-ed
first of all the whole point of an op-ed
is that there is an opinion attached to
a person without the person it is
dubious at best and at worst it's just
pure fiction
my initial theory was that a staff
writer for the New York Times wrote the
anonymous piece I still think that that
is more likely than someone within the
administration writing it not that I
don't think that there are plenty of
cowards and unscrupulous people in DC I
just didn't feel in my gut that this
person is who they say they are but
Michael Moore posited an interesting
idea that Trump or one of his associates
wrote it themselves now this notion
wouldn't carry much weight with me if I
didn't feel like
already happens I firmly believe that
every single thing that Trump says and
does and tweets is a hundred percent
calculated and deliberate so I don't
think it's completely inconceivable that
this was done as a distraction not just
right now but all the time the
mainstream media is rotating the same
story and regurgitating coverage of a
tweet or a tell-all book or something
while they are watching and distracted
by one hand there's another hand over
here that they're not watching things
getting done by this administration and
the media often times isn't privy to it
because they are a bunch of curious cats
watching a laser at an event promoting
Moore's new film Fahrenheit 11 9 he said
this if you want me to make a wild guess
Trump wrote it or one of his minions
wrote it he's the master of distraction
he's the king of the misdirect if we've
ever known anything by now it's that he
does things to get people to turn away
and the line that is most identified and
identifiable in terms of what he wants
the public to believe the line that says
don't worry adults are in the room the
idea is to get him to get us to calm
down and look away from what he's really
doing so yes I agree with that but it's
like the picture of the old lady and the
young woman he sees this as a bad thing
his new film Fahrenheit 11 9 by the way
compares the Trump presidency to the
rise of Hitler yeah real original
because we've never heard that ignorant
and farcical ridiculous comparison
before but I see it as a good thing
Trump is slowly and methodically
checking things off his list and the
things on his list are the things that
he talked about on the campaign trail
and since things he talked about on the
campaign trail are the things that we
voted for him for you can imagine that
we all are pretty pleased with what's
happening I know I am we are
experiencing sky-high economic
prosperity we are about to get another
conservative judge on the Supreme Court
Trump has appointed so many conservative
judges that he has actually flipped to
circuit courts from liberal to
conservative and by golly in most of
America normal America not here in Los
Angeles patriotism is back in style
so yeah Trump creating a distraction
while he gets things done really doesn't
seem that far-fetched or bad
me let us know what you think in the
comments I'm Amanda head the Hollywood
conservative for the road if you enjoyed
my commentary and want to hear more from
all of us here at the rebel subscribe to
our premium content at
www.affordablecomm.com and ahead for the
rebel
