we're the Cleveland Indians libel
chilled into dropping their chief wahoo
logo during their Toronto visit last
weekend because that's what it sure
looks like to me Kemosabe
well it was announced many moons ago
that 2018 would be the farewell tour for
the chief wahoo logo that is worn by the
Cleveland Indians beginning next year
the team will be sporting the new
permanent logo you know that boring see
that they use in some games already yeah
it's a capital C C as in crappy G who
came up with that logo anyways
presumably the same design firm that the
former Ontario Liberal government hired
to render the logo for the Ontario
cannabis stores for only six hundred and
fifty thousand dollars G have each a
sketch will travel but meanwhile back at
the ballpark the Cleveland Indians have
been wearing the chief wahoo logo on one
sleeve of their uniforms for the entire
28 season however when Cleveland visited
Toronto last weekend to play those
buhbuh buhbuh buhbuh Blue Jays as CFRB
Jim Richards likes to say well the chief
wahoo logo had been removed from the
jerseys to here's the lead from the
story in the Cleveland Plain Dealer
about the uniform censorship quote
manager Terry Francona said the decision
not to wear chief wahoo on their
uniforms or caps during this four-game
series at Rogers Centre in Toronto was
made by the organization to show respect
for anyone offended by the soon to be
discontinued logo we're just trying to
be respectful said Francona we're never
trying to be disrespectful by wearing it
we just want to do the respectable thing
end quote
that explanation raises more questions
than it answers actually mainly because
that chief wahoo logo is either entirely
disrespectful or it isn't which is to
say why was the logo expunged in the
recent
series against Toronto yet it will be on
full display this month when the Indians
visit such cities as Tampa Bay Chicago
and Kansas City my guess is that the
Indians waved the white flag of
surrender in hog town because they don't
want the hassle of being sued by anyone
that was offended again I mean when the
Indians played the Blue Jays in the
American League Championship Series two
years ago Douglass Cardinal a native
activists filed a complaint against
major league baseball and the Cleveland
Indians regarding the logo no not in a
real court of law mind you but in that
kangaroo court known as a Human Rights
Commission while the complaint never
went anywhere I think the Indians were
just so liable chilled last weekend by
the prospect of someone like Cardinal
taking the franchise to a real court of
law
while it would surely be a losing cause
for the complainant who needs this sort
of distraction during a pennant race sad
isn't it and it's doubly sad given that
sports team native nicknames and logos
are actually meant to honor native
culture not mock it as the progressives
wrongfully attest even the majority of
natives don't have a problem with native
themed logos and nicknames
after all a poll commissioned in 2016 by
The Washington Post found that almost
nine out of ten Native Americans are not
offended by the Washington Redskins name
Redskins of course is supposed to be the
most offensive nickname and logo in the
entire wide world of sports
but alas in acquiescing to the
politically correct crowd the cleveland
indians won't be lauded rather they'll
be further rounded indeed while chief
wahoo will be forever vanquished as of
next season you can expect the usual
suspects to clamor for Cleveland to
change its nickname to the Indians
should have never thrown in the towel
rather to use a cowboy term they should
have circled the wagons in the final
analysis too bad this increasingly wimpy
franchise doesn't put as much effort
into you know winning as it does into
being politically correct because if I
was a
Indians baseball fan the thing I'd be
most offended over right now is the fact
that the last time this franchise won a
World Series harry s truman was
president losers for the rebel dot media
i'm david the men's lloyd Menzies hey
folks the rebel has a new app please
download that up and take the rebel with
you wherever you go
you
