this lawsuit basically allows the mob an
an ill-informed mob might I add a veto
as long as the mob is loud enough the
mob doesn't even have to be accurate
they just have to be loud enough well
that was that was one of the things that
came out at trial was that the chief the
managing opera the operations manager of
Calgary Expo he essentially said that it
was the volume of complaints on Twitter
and most of these complaints were not
from people who were even at the
convention they were from people who
were on Twitter and heard about you know
heard an allegation and then amplified
it so essentially he said it was the
sheer volume of the tweets and that even
had he known that all of the allegations
in those complaints were false he still
would have kicked us out so and he
testified to this under oath on the
stand more than once cuz he was actually
asked to clarify more than once okay so
this is actually what you're saying
you're actually saying you would breach
a contract with a customer even if you
knew that complaints were 100% false and
she had done absolutely nothing wrong
so that really is this really is an
example of what you're saying that the
mob now rules
yeah the Twitter mob is know is now boss
that's an excerpt from my weekly
full-length show the gun show on my show
I take on the issues of the day through
my Alberta conservative lens and I
talked to the real news makers the
mainstream media ignores to get access
to my show in all of our other premium
content click the link on the screen to
subscribe today
you
