ian's bone a self-described class
warrior is inciting riots in London so
by now you've probably heard of Ian's
bone now if you've been in politics for
a while or you're over the age of 30 you
might well remember in bone going back
to the 60s 70s and even the 80s he was
the well quite famous anarchist with
multiple different magazines and he was
usually all of the television calling
the politicians scum and calling for a
revolution etc but if you're younger
than that and you hadn't heard of him
before you've probably heard of him a
few days ago when he ambushed Jacob Riis
mogs home and terrorized his kids and he
told then the country thinks their daddy
is a horrible person and it was
appalling and for all of that to come
from a 71 year old man I mean you
certainly wouldn't expect that and it's
shocking he he's called the mbone he's
an anarchist and a publisher of
anarchist newspapers and he's also the
man behind class war which was a
magazine which then became a political
organization and it even stood as a
political party before actually it was a
significant newspaper back in the day
people people heard of it you know
people knew of it and basically promoted
confrontation as a way of changing
things he talked about the problems of
democracy and you know voting his
useless and blah blah blah but then he'd
always talk about rising up against the
system and he'd taught of the Labour
Party's the same as the Tories and back
then actually that Labour and the Tories
were actually kind of different so a bit
bonkers and but he got so big that he
even ended up on Jonathan Ross take a
look at a quick clip what is class war
it's a very popular tabloid newspaper
which most people don't get to see
because of the constant distribution and
it basically says that the rich the
Tories the Labour Party they're all
against this we should get up off on
these and fight back against the
bastards and by the way in that
interview he attacked the police and he
encouraged people to rise up and he
wasn't talking democratically in fact
Jonathan Ross asked him what he meant
and he just carried on rambling and
talking in some convoluted way without
actually answering the question
because realistically what he's talking
about here is literally rising up that's
what this guy wants now when the part
when class war became a political party
in 2015 they stood in the general
election and in fact I was involved in
politics at the time and I'm pretty sure
one of our candidates was up against one
of the class war guys it may have been
Ian bone I'll have to check that one out
but yeah I remember they stood in 2015
and they didn't really get anywhere but
it was the same kind of nasty stuff and
Ian bone hit what he said the reason why
he wanted to stand as a candidate is
because quote all the other candidates
are scum that was his response that was
his reasoning for his standing now I
know I use strong words about
politicians I've certainly said some
pretty strong things in the past but it
seems to me that Ian's bone just says
this stuff for the sake of it you know I
like people who try and get into the
nitty-gritty and argue and and have a
you know a sensible discussion an
interesting discussion want one that
actually looks at these sources of
problems and how to tackle them whereas
Ian's bone just seems to be a loudmouth
he's just a nasty guy he says these
terrible things I think just to provoke
a response I've yet to hear anything
constructive or interesting come out of
this guy's mouth he just shouts
expletives and scares people's children
no doubt unhappy by the way that his
mental ideas are being completely
ignored by the public and that nobody
seems to take class war seriously I mean
who wants a class war by the way I'm
working-class I don't want to war
against the middle class or the upper
cut Mei is insanity but now he's doing
publicity stunts to try and get some
attention of course the first one being
scaring the living daylights out Jacob
Riis mobs kids but now he's calling for
a riot yes a riot
foul-mouthed anarchist pensioner Ian
bone who recently terrorized Jacob Riis
mugs children is calling for a riot in
central London in a tweet earlier this
month that went completely unnoticed
until today bone called for a riot
against Briggs ear on October 20th they
also called it a riot against the old
Etonians and no this isn't a protest
this isn't standing around with placards
and shouting a few slogans this guy
called for a riot and make no mistake by
the way inciting a riot is a crime under
the Public Order Act with a maximum
penalty of 10 years imprisonment and an
unlimited fine Ian bone is doing
something unlawful and he's proof that
the left have been violently insane for
decades the insanity of the left the
insanity of the dynamic politics but
also the right the absolute chaos of an
Tifa is nothing new this goes back a
long time and they called themselves
anarchists it's crazy and riots against
a democratic decision by the way a
democratic decision made in a referendum
in 2016 for us to leave the European
Union a riot against that can bring
democracy crashing down and that's
exactly what Ian bone wants I hope that
the far left and antifa
have long lost interest in bone although
I saw people out the other day with him
celebrating his attack against Jacob
Riis more actually wearing penis outfits
I don't know if you saw that these
people still do hang around him but if
these people haven't gotten tired of Ian
Bohen after all these decades and if
they do right on October 20th I hope
Ian's bone feels the full weight of the
law catch up with all the rebel stories
on our brand new app which you can
download now from the Google Play Store
and the Apple App Store
you
