well this is a surprise the High Court
has ruled in favor of vote leave and
said that the Electoral Commission
doesn't understand electoral law
the High Court has ruled that the
electoral commission simply doesn't
understand the rules surrounding
electoral law specifically donations
within those laws and it comes after
vote leave was accused of cheating
during the brexit referendum after
donations from the organization were
used on the same political data
consultancy as vote leave it's been a
big scandal I'm sure you've seen it all
over the press recently and it means
that if those donations hadn't happened
then the group technically would have
overspent if they just still use that
money but vote leave denied the
allegations and since then they've faded
a battering in the press and by the
far-left of course they've been claiming
that wrote leave overspent and therefore
the the referendum results should be
overturned they said blah blah blah but
anyway Darrin Grimes and the vote leave
organization Darrin Grimes being a
university student were actually fined
by the Electoral Commission but both of
them denied any wrongdoing and stated
that they only acted on the advice that
the Electoral Commission gave them they
were given this information they took it
on board and they acted in accordance
with it and it turns out they're
absolutely right they're not lying
because even the arch remainer
Lord of Donis has admitted it sounds to
me as if the Electoral Commission has
not been doing its job properly on the
face of it it seems to have been
extremely incompetent in his judgment on
the case Lord Justice lega explained
that the Electoral Commission had quote
misinterpreted the definition of
referendum expenses as defined in the
political parties elections and
referendum Act and he also said the
source of its error is a mistaken
assumption that an individual body which
makes a donation to a permitted
participant cannot thereby incurring
'dom expenses as a result of this error
the actual Commission has interpreted
the definition in a way that is
inconsistent with both the language and
the purpose of the legislation so the
judge explained that when vote leave
gave a donation to student Darrin Grimes
who had his own organization for brexit
that was specifically focused on young
people then that should have counted as
part of vote leaves campaign expenses
but it turns out the vote leaf was just
acting in accordance with the rules that
the EC gay
them in the first place you really can't
make this stuff up it's quite clear that
the Electoral Commission is totally
unfit for purpose and it's bias is well
documented I don't need to go into it
today I'm sure you know exactly what I'm
talking about but let's consider this a
win for now but don't expect the claims
that vote leave cheated or that the the
result of the referendum should be
overturned to go away it's not going to
go away they'll do anything they can to
suggest that the very outcome of the
2016 referendum is null and void and
this decision by the High Court really
doesn't mean much to the left if you
want to see more from me and the rest of
the rebel team remember to Like and
subscribe
you
