danger Will Robinson are robots capable
of racism and sexism well according to a
new study yes they are
sort of
you have to say this about the current
decade we live in never before in the
history of people kind have there been
so many accusations pertaining to racism
and sexism everything is racist
everything is sexist
hence the ghastly word people kind
replacing mankind well at least in the
biosphere of the bizarre that is Justin
Trudeau's brain but within the realm of
the cold calculated world of artificial
intelligence surely there can be no such
thing as racism and sexism for these are
human character flaws correct well
apparently not because in what is being
billed as a shocking new study and those
are my favorite kinds of studies folks
because who wants to read a boring old
study anyway this study reveals that
robots can develop prejudices that
resemble racism and sexism all on their
own
here's the dilly-o according to a study
published in scientific reports
artificial intelligence experts
performed thousands of simulations on
robot brains revealing how they split
off into groups and treat outsiders
differently computer scientists and
psychologists from Cardiff University
and MIT teamed up to test how robots
identify each other but they also tested
how they copy and learn behaviors from
each other - and lo and behold some
robots decided to shun other robots and
when you think about it the study kind
of validates the argument that humans
through our own biology are predisposed
to at least treating outsiders
differently the drivers for this can
indeed be ray skin color sex essentially
any identifier that marks the other
party is being different indeed that was
the finding presented in a 2015 Arizona
State University study researchers
contended that because human survival
was based on group living outsiders were
viewed as and often were very real
threats a report on this study published
in science daily noted that contrary to
what most people believe the tendency
be prejudiced is a form of common sense
hardwired into the human brain through
evolution as an adaptive response to
protect our prehistoric ancestors from
danger I guess the whole idea of AI
mimicking human behavior shouldn't
really come as a surprise the whole
point of artificial intelligence is that
it's supposed to mirror the learning and
processing components of a human brain
so when it comes to robot bigotry if you
will the driver isn't really based on
race or sex given that there's no such
thing yet as black and white robots and
male and female robots rather it's the
finding that robots can actually exhibit
prejudice that's similar to racism and
sexism when it comes to the exclusion of
other robots which again is their way of
aping human behavior it's also
fascinating and makes me fret that we
are perhaps ever so closer to the day
when Skynet takes over and employs a
legion of terminators to rid the planet
of vermin which would be us of course
let's all collectively hope that the AI
of the future won't embrace that other
awful human character flaw that which is
known as genocide say speaking of robots
in pop culture perhaps one takeaway from
this study is that the screenplay
writers of yester decade were way way
ahead of the curve when it came to
examples of robots actually displaying
sexism case in point the robot TWiki
from one of the most cosmically horrible
sci-fi TV shows of all time
Buck Rogers in the 25th century
hold the phone nothing for me back
you know TWiki is what killed my
suspension of disbelief when it came to
buying into the premise of that
particular TV series think about it
robots in the 25th century are capable
of mobility and cognitive thought and
yet they suffer from stuttering like
Beedie Beedie Beedie Beedie what the
hell buck but I digress four clearly
TWiki was sexually harassing that poor
waitress robot
I guess the me2 movement is but a
distant memory in the Year 24:18
speaking of cheesy what about the robot
Hector in the 1980 movie Saturn 3 Hector
spends virtually the whole movie
apparently trying to have Congress with
Farrah Fawcett majors which admittedly
most real males dreamed of doing back in
hey Hector what part of no means no do
you not understand I mean who was
playing Hector in this flick anyways
Harvey Weinstein finally Android
aficionado set your phasers on fun for
even Star Trek's commander Dade a
violated Starfleet HR policy to get
intimate with another Enterprise crew
member what I want now is gentleness
enjoy I love from you data you are fully
functional aren't you of course but how
fully in every way of course I am
programmed in multiple techniques a
broad variety of pleasuring so in the
final analysis I suppose one can only
wonder if the various Human Rights
Commission's and tribunals of the future
will expand their bailiwicks to include
complaints against nonhumans if AI can
indeed mimic our bad behavior it stands
the reason that even gizmos need to be
reprimanded to hey anything to grow the
bureaucracy right domo arigato mr.
Roboto indeed for the rebel dot media
I'm David the men's I'd Menzies hey
folks the rebel has a new app please
download that app and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
