doesn't it feel like all these let's not
jump to conclusion mainstream media news
stories about Syrian migrants in the
wake of one being charged with the
murder of Marissa Shen are just a little
too
I don't know pro-government refugee
agenda well today I have the exclusive
documents to show to you that explain
exactly why that is almost as soon as
news broke that a Syrian migrant named
Ibrahim Ali had been charged with the
murder of Vancouver schoolgirl Marisa
Shen the pro refugee stories from the
mainstream media just started flooding
right out of them here's this star they
spoke to Mohammed Al Soleil he's a
community organizer and a member of the
Syrian Canadian foundation now al Saleh
said and I quote when you realize that
it is not the mistake of the community
but at the same time can anticipate the
backlash and how this can be misused it
comes with a huge burden and
responsibility that has taken its toll
on me end quote
al Saleh said the pressure was so
extreme that he had a panic attack and
that he had to see a doctor but now al
Saleh has pulled himself together and
he's organized a candlelight vigil for
Schenn which i think is great it's very
kind but al Saleh is not the victim here
here's the Nelson star reporting that
the syrian community fears backlash
after immigrant charged in BC girl's
death CBC even ran a series of articles
talking about how the syrian community
fears that they'll be scapegoated
after quote-unquote a man new to Canada
was charged with the murder of Marisa
Shen new to Canada that's an interesting
way of saying he was a refugee here for
just three months CBC also ran a story
about how the murder charge shocked the
vancouver church who privately sponsored
marissa Shen's
alleged murderer into canada now in this
story we also learned that the church
not only sponsored ali but two of his
others into the Lower Mainland of
British Columbia the formal government
line has been that single men were not
going to be sponsored as refugees the
Canadian government has said repeatedly
that we would only be taking families
and women and children as refugees but
at the rebel we discovered through
access to information documents that
somewhere sometime early in the Syrian
refugee program the definition of family
was to be applied flexibly by the
bureaucrat so that two brothers could
identify as a family and then there was
no requirement to have supporting
documents to prove that anyone was
really related
oh and self-identified families were
given security interviews together so
that it was pretty easy for everybody to
keep their stories straight but it's
almost like the media forgot that the
real victim here is not the Syrian
migrant community that we as Canadians
have been incredibly generous to but
instead is Marissa Shen and her
devastated family of course the Syrian
community is upset we all are we all
have a right to be a heinous crime was
committed by someone who had been in our
country for all of three months by
someone who didn't follow our laws who
didn't respect and value what Canadians
had given to him who is accused of
killing a completely innocent child in a
random attack and we know through our
exclusive access to information
documents that the security screening
protocol for operation Syrian refugee
was woefully inadequate and it was
changed to be inadequate specifically
for Syrian migrants we know migrants
weren't required to have police
background checks done on them in the
countries they had been displaced to and
in some instances living in those
countries for a few years this meant the
Canadian officials really didn't know
what sorts of people Canadians would be
getting in this refugee rush and because
of all of this we don't know what sort
of criminal history Marissa Shen's
alleged killer Ibrahim le had before
Canadians generously took him in
but we have nearly the entirety of the
mainstream media trying to extinguish
this conversation with allegations and
insinuations of bigotry even though this
is an important conversation that could
force changes in the security screening
protocols to make sure that we don't
have criminals and violent offenders
entering our country and murdering our
children there are really a lot of
unoriginal ideas and opinions kicking
around the mainstream media this
intellectual homogeneity well it really
isn't anything new but right now it
seems a little too uniform even for the
mainstream media doesn't it well I have
some exclusive access to information
documents that provide a reason for that
uniformity look at this internal memo
the government of canada has announced
that we are taking immediate action to
welcome 25,000 Syrian refugees to Canada
as quickly as possible
a massive coordination effort has
already started across the country and
around the world to help these families
escape violence fear and uncertainty as
lead department immigration refugees and
Citizenship Canada is facing a busy work
load dedicating extra hours and energy
to this initiative ok you know what that
makes sense they need to help until you
look at who they are hiring it's not
people who process and screen refugees
oh no you see they're hiring
spin-doctors look at this here we are
looking for additional staff who can
join IRC see communications on
assignment to help us deliver during
this demanding period yeah the
government's hiring for social media
internal communications strategic
communications and of course of course
media relations this next access to
information document shows us exactly
who the government is looking for in
their narrative pusher hiring
extravaganza I wish I was having better
luck on the media relations front
I've got feelers out with laid off
journalists but that may take too long
too
security clearances to get them up to
speed if the current coverage of the
murder of a little Vancouver girl feels
like a propagandizing and evangelizing
effort on behalf of the government
that's because it is it's an audition
for employment in government by
journalists don't tell me word doesn't
get around in the mainstream media about
who is hiring and why they're hiring
every single one of these stories that
spins on behalf of the government is
basically a cover letter for when the
mainstream media inevitably contracts
one more time because they provide a
product that no one wants to pay for and
has to lay off another pile of future
government turned polishers and you know
what else this demonstrates the screwed
up priorities of the government that
they were so concerned about doing
background checks on the journalists
they want to hire a spin-doctors but not
so much on the migrants they were
bringing into Canada for the rest of us
to have to deal with the government
wanted to keep their pro migrant
narrative safer than the Canadian public
it was security for me and not for thee
from the Liberals the Canadian
immigration system is absolutely
backlogged by an influx of asylum
seekers something the Immigration
Minister Ahmed Hassan accidentally
admitted in a leaked email that became
public earlier this year and just days
ago The Globe and Mail is now reporting
that and I quote overwhelmed by the
number of migrants the Immigration and
Refugee Board has only managed to
finalize 15% of the nearly 28,000 asylum
claims made by people who illegally
entered Quebec where the majority of the
crossings took place mostly at a single
location near st. Bernard Delic all
between February 2017 and this June and
we know through other reporting that
less than 400 economic migrant asylum
seekers whatever you want to call them
out of a total of 30,000 illegal border
crossers have been deported at all the
governor
does not have the manpower to deal with
this mess that they created by erasing
Canada's borders anyone anyone with half
a brain could have seen this coming well
in advance but this is a Liberal
government of the novelty spokesmodel
Justin Trudeau we're talking about here
and they are more concerned about optics
selfies and feeling good than they are
about what's really their main job
keeping Canadians safe this government
before hiring more CBSA and I RCC staff
to screen refugees and economic migrants
for security risks was on a manhunt for
laid off journalists act as spin-doctors
for operation Syrian refugee in fact the
only CBSA officer they wanted to hire in
these emails was a guy in Winnipeg to
work wait for it in media relations with
the focus on the public perception over
comprehensive security it's almost like
this whole thing was just a photo op for
the government rather than an exercise
in charity and generosity that would
rescue people who actually needed our
help to save their lives for the rebel
media I'm Shiela gun right to find out
about the $50,000 in cash aid to the
Trudeau government gives to migrant
families and to call on the government
to treat our veterans and our active
service members better than economic
migrants go to 50,000 dot CA
you
