so the National Woman's Studies
Association gave out a book prize this
month to this Rutgers University
professor jazz Bjork a par for her book
entitled the right to MAME who has the
right to MAME well Israelis have the
right to mein Palestinians at least
according to professor par let's take a
look
Rutgers professor Jasper Parr may look
pretty but she is a pretty ugly ideology
according to her faculty page her
research interests are apparently
critical ethnic studies cultural studies
feminist globalization studies
immigration in diasporas queer studies
and sexuality studies you know a pretty
good way to test whether an academic
field is complete BS or not is just to
look at whether that field ends with
studies
anyways let's take a look at this
award-winning book of PARs
the right to MAME debility capacity
disability drawing on a stunning array
of theoretical and methodological
frameworks who are uses the concept of
debility bodily injury and social
exclusion brought on by economic and
political factors to disrupt the
category of disability so by this point
if you have experience with the hive
mind that is social justice you might be
starting to see what's going to happen
remember those victimhood categories
race gender sexuality
well disability is also one of them and
we've now apparently reached the stage
where to create empathy for Palestinians
we're actually redefining the concept of
disabled to include not just actual
disability but also whatever we choose
as your progressive overlords to
categorize as economic or social
oppression pars analysis culminates in
an interrogation of Israel's policies
toward Palestine what's Palestine you
say that almost as if it's a separate
country or something in which she
outlines how Israel brings Palestinians
into by a political beam by designating
them available for injury supplementing
it's right to kill with what Poire calls
the right to maim the Israeli state
relies on liberal frameworks of
disability to obscure and in a
all the mass debilitation of Palestinian
bodies wow that's a lot of
pseudo-intellectual drivel or what
George Orwell would call duck speak
anyway I wonder if this award-winning
book of PARs includes anything about oh
let's say the fact that at least fifty
out of the 62 Palestinians killed by
Israel during the moving of the US
Embassy to Jerusalem were indeed Hamas
or Islamic Jihad terrorists and speaking
of Palestinian terrorism what about the
Aviva
school bus massacre or the dolphinarium
discotheque suicide bombing do any of
those deaths or injuries of Israeli
children fit under your definition of
disability
professor par for campus unmasked I'm
Rob trim shock if you like this video
and support our mission please make sure
to comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
