do we have ourselves a bombardier of
outerwear now Canada Goose is getting a
huge payday from the Manitoba government
at eleven hundred bucks a jacket
taxpayers who can't afford Canada goose
are subsidizing those who can iconic
outerwear company Canada Goose is
getting one heck of a corporate welfare
check courtesy of the Manitoba taxpayer
the Manitoba government or rather like I
said the Manitoba taxpayer will be
spending up to one point four eight
million dollars to help Canada Goose
expand its manufacturing operations in
Winnipeg the taxpayer handout is part of
a larger fifteen point eight million
dollar expansion that Manitoba
Conservative premier Brian Pallister
says will create about 700 jobs
Pallister says the provinces handout
will help to Train sewing machine
operators over the next three years like
that makes this handout - a luxury
company any easier to stomach and when I
say Canada goose is a luxury company
it absolutely is I was poking around on
the Cabela's Canadian website today and
Canada Goose jackets generally run
anywhere between eight and twelve
hundred bucks apiece and to be frank
normally I support Canada Goose and not
so much because of the Canadian patch
that they have on the arm or the chest
but because Canada Goose annoys the
freaks at people for the Ethical
Treatment of Animals you see the anemic
protein deficient busybodies over at
PETA don't like the fact that Canada
Goose uses coyote fur on some of their
jackets and that they use real goose
down in their parkas PETA has even
launched several campaigns targeting
Canada goose I'm a big fan of turning
creatures that are normally killed as an
invasive species into something valuable
for people if I could run a car on
raccoon carcasses I probably would
Canada goose is literally upcycling
devil dogs and rat geese into expensive
coats I think it's clever
very capitalistic as long as taxpayers
don't have to help them do it
and despite all of the pressure from
PETA Canada goose has not changed their
manufacturing processes so I sort of
kind of like and support a company that
is strong in the face of social justice
pressure mobs from people who would
probably never buy their product anyway
now back to Manitoba premier Brian
Pallister handing out corporate welfare
to luxury item companies doesn't really
seem like something a Conservative
government should really be supporting
we generally lose our minds when Trudeau
does it for Bombardier and when
taxpayers give rebates to rich people to
buy electric cars that the rest of us
can't afford but calling himself a
conservative and doing liberally things
well that's sort of becoming a bit of a
habit for premier Brian Pallister I mean
just a couple of months ago Pallister
announced his cap and trade carbon tax
scheme for large emitters Pallister
introduced a repackaged version of
Kathleen Wynne's liberal cap-and-trade
plan from Ontario while Ontario now in
Saskatchewan both of Manitoba's real
conservative neighbors are fighting the
federal government against the federal
carbon tax now about that taxpayer
handout the president of Canada goose
Holdings Danny rice says that the goal
is to keep Canada goose production here
in Canada well you know what that seems
great but I don't know why taxpayers
have to pay for that corporate goal I
mean let's get down to the nuts and
bolts of exactly who and what Canada
goose really is just last year Canada
goose was listed as one of Canada's
fastest growing companies by Canadian
business.com who reports that Canada
goose revenue has boomed by three
hundred and ninety three percent over
the past five years earning it the
number 171 spot on the 2017 profit 500
ranking of Canada's fastest growing
companies so why on earth our tax payer
is giving money to Canada's
fastest growing businesses for patriotic
nostalgia you know what I'll watch some
littlest hobo reruns and listen and
Marie if I ever get a hankering for some
nostalgic Canadiana thank you very much
and I promise it won't cost the
taxpayers a red cent and to say that
Canada Goose is a Canadian company well
really that's a bit of a stretch of the
definition seventy percent of the
company was acquired by an American firm
Bain Capital in 2013 and the rest of the
shares are now publicly traded sure
Canada Goose HQ is still in Toronto and
of course the company provides jobs to
Canadians but so do thousands and
thousands of other companies and those
companies while they do it all without a
penny of taxpayer cash for the rebel
media I'm Shiela gun right as you can
probably tell I don't like when the
government hands out cash to people who
don't deserve it and that's why I have a
petition calling on the federal
government to start treating our
veterans and active service members as
well as they treat fake refugees go to
50,000 dot CA to sign my petition today
