what's that mean Tommy we all saw you
get in the back of that police car that
police truck what happened after that
so everyone saw visibly I was arrested
for breach of the peace what fine
surprising is no one's ever mentioned
breach of the peace
no one's ever mentioned the fact that I
was arrested for a restful breach the
peace and I was driven to lead Ellen
Road police station so a 10-minute Drive
from the core I was I got to the police
station now anyone who's been arrested
knows the first thing they do is they
take you to the front desk where you're
booked in for your crime and you asked
if you want your solicitor and then
you're put in a cell to wait for your
interview this was different
straight away I wasn't booked into the
police station I was held in a side room
at the police station for probably 40
minutes which throw else thinking what
the police station's not gonna be busy
it's a mall isn't it's in the morning
and I was in taken I've got to the front
desk and told on being moved to court
I'm been taken straight to call again I
asked for breach of the peace they said
no for contempt of court so then they
took me in a police we're in a police
wagon in the back of the court and I was
taken to the courtroom what actually
transpired is that now when people have
to ask why this happened in this way
because if they'd have arrested me
outside the court for contempt of court
and everyone would have known I've been
arrest for contempt of court because my
lists are contacted the police station
as soon as been arrested I said I want
this lissa they spoke with my solicitor
and the police station told moistness
are told much less Alison guerdon I was
being released
I wasn't released so I and then when I
when I arrived at the core I again asked
my legal multiple times I said I want to
speak with my solicitor I was told I
couldn't speak much lesser now if my
sister had
if there wasn't a breach of the peace
not just been arrested for contempt to
call my sister would have known to send
send a representative to the core but
they refused me point-blank I was not
allowed the opportunity to speak with my
litter so why did they tell your
solicitor that you had been released if
you had not been released did you ever
walk free of the police station or the
courthouse no I was transported I was
trying for it straight from the police
station in the van straight into call
strains herself of course and then
refused the opportunity to speak my
lawyers and brought before the judge I
stood before the judge where he watched
I'd say seven minutes of the video
remember was over an hour long right
he watched seven minutes I was then put
back down in the cell still I was asking
for my solicitor almost lissa I was in a
prepared lawyer that was at the court
was then put before me where I told him
again I won't speak to my solicitor so
this was a public defender a public
defender who I asked again can I speak
to my solicitor and I asked him what is
he I've said what is he I've done I was
not told he just said contempt of court
I said but what it's still still sitting
here now bear in mind I'm gonna face
another trial in a few weeks I've still
not been told what I've said can I take
you back to when you first met the judge
and he watched five or seven minutes of
the video did he ask you any questions
or say anything or did you just sit
there while he watched it I saw that way
I watched it I made it clear that if
there was a problem I'd delete it if
there's a problem with it I would delete
it instantly if there was a problem and
I think there lots of people have read
so many things I remember getting to
prison and reading reading in reports
that I pled guilty I was never asked if
I was going or not going I was never
asked I was never told what crime I
committed so bear in mind I know this I
know what's happened in court I know
that I'd ask can you not get churned so
that I can speak with a QC in fact that
come out in my appeal because in the
defendants notes it said that I'd asked
and said I want to speak to a QC
and I was sentenced to 30 months in
prison so the first time he went before
the judge and he reviewed the video did
you have your public defender lawyer
with you then I know I have no one with
me them so then when you were given that
public defender did you appear before
the judges second time I did before the
judge of second time where when the the
defense the defense man said they
basically if he went up and apologized
then and that's it
we went through previous cases for exact
so that people understand like Jamie
boulders killers live under a cordon on
can name them people have named them
they've been before court no one's ever
been put in prison what little odd
little he's a reporter for Sunday Times
he breached a report and restriction on
the Stephen Lawrence murder trial he
apparently nearly jeopardized the trial
he was given a fine no one if you go
through the law so as well if you if you
read the law on contempt of court which
which which was so disheartening for me
and so I've been put in prison I'm
saying prison I'm reading all of these
newspaper reports not one journalist no
one thought to go and get the
transcripts from their core so go and
find out what was sitting that call if
anyone would have done that that have
instantly see no I did not plead guilty
though I was not given a fair trial
there was over in minutes
they'd have seen all of this I thought
you had pled guilty because I read that
in so many newspapers I assumed you did
either under bad advice or a no advice
did the judge asked you whether or not
you admitted or to anything did did he
ask you any questions no I did ask many
questions no I didn't open my mouth the
whole time did the judge particular eyes
anything you said I did wrong did he
said you said this word or you did that
thing not nothing actually now
everything I said out so I call that day
was already in the public domain
I knew things I still know things about
that case about results of that case I
still know lots of things that I've
never mentioned because I was aware you
cannot mention them but the judge and
then when the judge sends me so he sends
me apparently for breach in the report
fiction but then in his word so 40 cents
me for which come out in the high court
of appeal it was more to do the fact
that I was mentioning that there were
Muslim and it so it seemed and he talked
about me the risk of me prejudice in the
trial and I would do nothing I wouldn't
do nothing that I thought could
jeopardize these trials isn't it would
go against everything I stand for and
everything called won the trial had
finished I stood outside court I made
sure that I didn't video any members of
the jury because I know you can't any
members of the public
I literally the crime that I was sent to
prison for was breach in a report on
restriction and two weeks after I was
sent to prison
obviously I'm reading everything I read
the the Scottish Telegraph newspaper
breach two reporting restrictions the
weeks after I went to jail they again we
go to the laws the law and the advisory
to the government is that they should
not send and he if anyone preaches a
reporting restriction it shouldn't even
be the individual journalist who gets
done it should be the company they work
for and they strongly advise that all it
should be is a fine now as everyone seen
I was sent to prison did you're a lawyer
the public defender who was assigned to
you did he indicate that he had any
experience with contempt of court law
was he familiar with your legal history
no he just indicated we start with on
one up said the judge did he asked for a
delay of a week or two did he ask for
any time for you to prepare for him to
prepare no how long were you actually in
the court for 10 minutes in fact they
were desperate to do it before lunch
lunch would have been one o'clock they
were desperate to have for lunch but I
was still arguing the point with
everybody that I wanted speaks most
letters and so when over lunch if not
I'd have been sent to prison before
lunch before one o'clock did he end then
they broke for the hour lunch so when
they broke to the hour lunch well then
then I was again saying
I just want to speak to Melissa did you
ask the judge for a delay or for the
ability to speak to your own lawyer no I
didn't open my mouth I didn't get a
chance to speak
so you asked the police I asked the
police I asked the court clerk's I asked
the the person who come I'll press the
button on my cell once which is all
documented yeah well press the button to
come to my cell said I need to speak to
Melissa I need to speak to my solicitor
nice they said this has been put in
front of me yeah in just by the state
essentially a solicitor that I trust us
this I know that I know he's going to
work for my best interest that's what I
want to speak to did anyone else speak
in your hearing did any court police
there was a picture of circulating on
the Internet of some people looking down
from a brick building I don't know if
that was the judge of all these services
judge and the police arrested me so that
was the judge when I was outside court
which I did not wasn't aware of until I
come out that was the judge watching
down as and then the police come down
and arrested me did they say anything in
court no I I was actually watching your
Facebook livestream that day may 25th
from Canada yeah and I remember when you
read the names of some of the accused
men and I think you were reading them
from a BBC website is that correct them
from a baby new baby see website there's
a there's lots of so everything I'll
just write out said did you tell that to
the judge because if how could you
reading something off a BBC website this
is being published at the same time how
could that be condemned before this is
the problem the judge hasn't told us
what what was contempt of court so he
sends me to prison without without
needing to tell anyone in the training
day we spend in the treta in the
training days we spent to understand
contempt of court
which I didn't understand you not
allowed to stand on court I didn't
understand at Canterbury you're not
allowed to stand on the court property
and so you didn't that that's contempt
of court you didn't in Leeds
I didn't actually ask the police officer
wayde's where's the landline and he
agreed so I didn't in lead I also every
time won't you speak of an offense you
have to speak of an alleged offense yeah
no matter how much evidence we know I
knew those men would kill
Susan I did but you have to say alleged
offense and you you you check that box
too I was I thought you've been very
careful was very carefully so exactly so
you still don't know what they they put
you away for because the judge never
said he judge to this day to this day
that you don't know what you've said
wrong no I've no idea I have no idea I'm
about to stand the trial gaining in a
number of weeks still today we have not
been told what is so I expect they'll
throw on us
a week before maybe it was shocking I
want to ask you one last thing about
that court hearing because you say was
seven minutes that's incredible to me
given that your video itself was more
than an hour I hadn't watch the video it
would have been impossible it would have
been impossible for the judge to have
watch the video it takes an hour to
watch the video and if you watch the
full video it has seen all the steps and
all the reasonable things I made and
said the different interactions I had
with the public I made sure that I
stayed within the law on what been well
I've been taught was within the law when
you were convicted did the judge in any
way indicate the difference between
being a criminal convict someone guilty
of with a guilty mind who broke the law
willingly versus civil contempt did the
judge differentiate between the two in
the sentence he issued no the judge
didn't mention so I was in fact myself
so for contempt of court
you cannot be a criminal prisoner okay
you're a civil prisoner and what's the
difference in how a criminal prisoners
of what prisoner are treated so civil
prisoners have more rights civil
prisoner have as many visits as you want
so people can come in and visit you your
family every day every day also they're
allowed to spend 50 pounds per week
buying food buying toiletries buying
whatever they want off at the shopping
system within the prison also so fought
for my crime for the crime of contempt
of court not even a crime no you go to
an open prison
so you'd be in an open prison
you go home weekends yeah there's a
category D offense a completely minimal
completely zero risk offensive creep of
contempt of court that's what the
guidelines are that's what the criteria
is that's how a prisoner should be held
so a civil prisoner gets as many visits
as he likes gets to spend 50 pounds a
week on whatever you can buy food
shopping and also and how far does 50
pounds going to prison is it cheap
no it goes well so the difference is
when we get to the difference so I was
put into prison
and I was held as a criminal prisoner
now people may think that was a mistake
yeah I was holding a criminal as a
criminal prison even though I can't
possibly be held as a criminal prisoner
because it's a civil crime even though
which we have all the evidence of this
my solicitors made the prisoner we're
instantly he's been wrongly held if
you're not like if you're holding him as
a criminal prisoner with because I was
only allowed to spend 12 pounds a week I
will get why that's important in a
minute why spending money was important
in your case but when we pick up from
when the judge issued the sins 13 months
were you shocked yeah of course I was
gobsmacked I was gobsmacked but I was
gobsmacked but at the same time at the
same time for what has happened over the
past ten years with myself it's not I
know I know and if even if in the most
recent demonstration when we had a day
for freedom in London I was saying and I
kept saying to everyone I wonder what
they're gonna do next to try and stop
because they can see anyone can see them
and the men and building the public are
not listening anymore they're not buying
the media spin on things they're seeing
the reality of the problems the country
faces and the attempts to make me the
most hated man in Britain have
completely failed and I was worried I
was very worried I've been very worried
about what they're gonna do next
I'm very worried now about what they're
gonna do next
this prison sentence I London HMP whole
now I was worried when I went to prison
because I was in lead so I for would go
to Bradford
is one of the biggest Muslim populations
of our country before I'd go to that
prison I would put how because that
prison was full I believe I was taken to
home and then I was put into normal
location which is what I want to be
treated normally I've heard to Norma
location where I spent two days and
after two days I was in the prison
prison the guards come to get me and
said you're being moved now I believe
this at the time
Lord mouth Lord Lord Pearson had wrote a
letter demanding my safety which I was
grateful for Booker because I was on the
I was on this induction wing know so
that people understand when you get to
prison if you ask for protection if you
say I'm scared I need help then you'll
be housed with the pedophiles yeah I'm
never gonna do that ever
it's never ever gonna would that happen
then and they know that as well so I
would never do that so because I've done
nothing to deserve that
and I'll end up hurting one of them so
that's never gonna happen
so I was pretty normal occasion now when
I was on the wing there were some
Muslims there and I did sense that
possibly though it could turn it could
turn violent but there was so people
understand how of a wing of a hundred
prisoners there were seven Muslims seven
percent of HMP ho ISM is Muslim now the
prison themselves made the decision to
put me in the hospital every prison has
a hospital well this prison had a
hospital they put me in hospital where
there were no Muslims and I was
separated completely from the prison
population when I had when my family got
finally in to see me after three weeks
three weeks yes after three weeks was
when my my family got in got a visit
booked
well let me ask you about that so so all
in the course of a few hours you were
arrested tried convicted sentenced and
shipped off to HMP Hall in what five
hours father
what less is less than that because by
the time they actually yeah listen when
was the first time you talked to your
wife
so they give you a they give you a pound
phone credit when you get to jail so I
ran around my wife at that point so that
night don't know yeah she busted me
shocked first thing I'll ask Terrace
have you had enough yet and it took
three weeks for her to be able to visit
you
it took three and then they you have a
visit in hall now the prison made the
decision that it was not safe for me to
have a visit in the visiting home
probably right and they had so I had a
private visit and I had that was when I
I sent a letter out and so I got my
visit my family visited me on the Sunday
on the Friday I had my legal visit
booked where my QC and my solicitor
Carson Kay would you to see me so this
was still at hmpf this is Agent P ho and
this is for the appeal because obviously
bear in mind I know what's gone on in
cause I've explained it to my solicitors
most leases are then contacted the court
for the transcripts from the court the
court didn't give them the transcripts
they give them half of the transcripts
so my solicitors still were in a
position where I hadn't met them
personally I'd only spoke to in via the
video because it in the prison you have
a video link so you can talk through the
camera to your solicitor so I've spoke
to miss ELISA I said I want to be
obviously I want to appeal all this I
can't believe what's happened so my my
finally the dates it might me to sit
down was I've been in jail a month but
and the date that I'd be named and the
reason for them not being able to sit
down was the core had not give us all
the information so then oh my god they
would come in to see me on the Friday my
family visiting on the Sunday Monday
morning and I'm at that I've been in
five prisons before in previous years
and how generally was a prison where the
prison staff ruled the prison not the
prisoners the prison staff and the staff
were absolutely because I was isolated
from the prison population the prison
staff would open my door for two
a day and I would spend two hours a day
interacting with him now burn my concern
the whole time was how I spent my
sentence in 2012 and the long term in
effect that had on me you mean by being
in solitary isolation for the
psychological effect which you don't
realize at the time I didn't realize at
the time so you were in the hospital
wing as HMP huh but you were there by
yourself
yep and I was I was because they could
section off the door at the other end to
the other prisoners so I was allowed out
for two hours a day where I interacted
like we're talking now with the prison
staff so no other prisoners but prison
staff and they were friendly enough
absolutely brilliant
outstanding actually so in a difficulty
every chance to do any exercise room for
one so every single morning they'd open
my door and it'd be in the hospital it'd
be a little room which would have a have
a lock a little mini gym so I'd be
allowed to use that every morning and
then they'd also for an hour and a half
a day taking outside we're at sit in a
garden where they'd sit and have their
break or I'd sit with the prison start
again I'd sit and socialize and talk to
the Brits and stuff which ideally you're
a rather just been because so that
people understand as well I had a TV
this whole time so that people
understand the British prison system
when you go to prison every prisoner was
given a TV every prisoner okay you have
a TV in yourself your cell door would
open approximately eight o'clock in the
morning you'd get a job you'd go to work
you'd you would lock about six o'clock
in the evening so you'd be out yourself
you should be working you've been there
acting you you'd have pool tables
snooker tables football pitches you play
football that's the prison system yeah
that's just to keep you in a routine
maybe give you some skills and some rage
it's a regime everyone has to have a
prison regime that's your regional
rating my rating was very limited whilst
I was in the hole but I wasn't
complaining okay because I was safe I
was still interacting so I thought I'll
be all right here yeah but you're the
only civil prisoner in hard
I mean and how were made aware because
listen made them aware that actually you
have to let me have a visit each day and
actually what comes out so you
understand twelve pounds a week now it
wasn't a problem a whole because what
they're taking out my cell I'd go to the
canteen and I'd see the prisoners who
had serving the food and you pick your
food and they give you it so I'd see
visually see my food so it was like a
cafeteria you pick your tray they scoop
the potatoes and the scoop and then you
print yourself now so you would eat as
much as you felt like and and you would
see the food right before your eyes
yeah fine yeah I'd see the food so I
knew nothing could be done to that food
and I didn't have that worry and then a
hammer 12 pound a week actually whilst I
was in how it spends twelve pounds on
the phone so I could keep in contact
with my family so I could speak to my
wife my children and the reason we're
talking about food and interaction with
other prisoners and safety you know and
money is because HMP how what you say
was passable you were suddenly and
without explanation moved etcetera so as
I say my family saw me on the Sunday
yeah they went away from the meet and
happy because there I told them I'm fine
here and you show you kids for the first
time then yeah Mike you seized you to
see me Melissa on the Friday and on the
Monday the day after my visit they just
come in at first thing in the morning
and said get your stuff back you're
going they see where you're going to now
they wouldn't tell me so there was a big
secret where they said we're not allowed
to say and then all the staff who had
been holding me in on the unit were all
the surprises me because they were like
they were they fought to have you in
this prison and to have you safe and to
have it calm and to have no problems but
a huge success massive success for the
prison city of the gore was this the
rule of law where the guy wasn't a
safety
Nicole wasn't that which was established
so everything was going with obviously
no completely you didn't interact with
anyone you were just I didn't play in a
person complain I didn't actually ask
people publicly to stay away from the
prison to not protest the prison that I
was being held in in fair condition
everything was fine I mean honestly the
prison the prison I put in the position
the prison was governed the rock is as
well which he made the decision to put
me on the hospital wing and that's
because he has a duty of care from
probably a good decision that's what
you're saying I'd say yeah yeah I'd say
my previous prison sentence is where I
basically fought my way through them in
different prisons yeah he done what he
40 violence against me you shouldn't
have been in there in the first place
since you weren't a criminal prisoner
but given that you were wrongly put in
prison that was as good as ever so you
can still be a civil prisoner held in
criminal class in code in prisons okay
but what it means is so you could you
can be in there but what means is you're
you have more rights okay so because
you're not criminal you meet your family
on the Sunday in five days you're about
to meet your lawyers for the first time
so go free to go through our appeal to
get basically to get me out but instead
the day after you meet your family you
told your moved and just so you know so
my appointments booked I've been given
the appointment slip so the prisoner are
aware that my q-see in my defense lawyer
are coming to see me in the Friday it's
all booked in I previously spoke to them
three times via video in the prison on
the move to HMP only and anyone ever
explained to you why no still - in fact
when I got to only what we'll go through
what happened when I got to only and I'm
asking the head governor of the prison
why have you took me here he said it's
above my pay grade
that's all the answers I got it's above
my pay grade do you believe them I
believe that yeah I believe that
wouldn't wouldn't mean his decision now
it's coming from above them like so I've
been moved to only and the prison staff
who dropped me there did they took me in
a taxi
so the
he took me in a taxi so a pre-ind taxi
handcuffed to evil one and they sit and
the prison stuff they're taking me there
I'm saying like look I know one Li
prison only prison is a London catchment
so everyone who goes to jail from London
we know the demographic of London
if only goes to jail from London London
has the biggest Muslim population of
this country yeah
everyone goes to London to prison from
London got all these one of those
catchment prisons so I didn't know the
demographic facts at the time but I knew
it would be heavily populated with
Muslim population yeah so I kept asking
again is what's been soit has something
been sorted and they said I would had to
have been there's no way your governor
could have agreed with that governor
yeah there wouldn't be for them to
decide no they would have had to sort
something out and this wouldn't have
been for the judge
back in leads to decide he wouldn't have
his hands mr. Sencha presence would be a
decision made by the prison Authority
prisoner fari and the head of the prison
fre which are politicians yeah
essentially
so basically bear in mind we all know
now what hurts what fuss had gone on
outside of prison in the first three
weeks of my prison sentence we talked
about the huge demonstrations a free tom
it free tommy campaign so this was
punishing you or and it looks like at
least to punish you because there was
grass roots support well that looks yeah
it looks like it looks like it looks
like they weren't happy with the fact
that I would have been able to serve and
a fairly normal prison sentence so I was
taken from one of the lowest Muslim
population prisons in the UK and I was
put in agent B only only has the highest
Muslim population of any seek a prison
in in the UK okay so tell me what it was
like going from Hull to only so I'm
booked I'll get to reception of only
where you you assess where you ever talk
I ask them I guess you know who I am
they said yes we do
that's okay so what's been saw it has
anything been sorted where am i where am
i guy in this prison and he goes oh
you're going on to the induction wing
so like a lot I was surprised I said
okay and then they said the governor
come in this was the number one gun
that's that's what we would call a ward
you know the person in charge
yeah person in charge come in I made him
aware of my concerns that what I thought
the prison system we're doing and and
tell me what those concerns were are
welcome so it's whether I think they've
intentionally taken me from a place of
safety and they're now gonna have me
killed and what did he say he said you
under the name you actually they're not
told me what Merson you'll be fine oh my
god that's actually well dealing with
but no one will know who I am
oh my god did he say with a straight
face always said a straight face and so
but then it's like then he said
obviously you're aware and I said I know
the size of the Muslim population in
this prison and he kept say saying like
his robot programmed spiel of we are a
prison with a large diverse population
no no no you're a prison with a large
Muslim population and sniper Buress in
fact a large Muslim population and the
diversity if the person is not my
problem okay if the prison was 100%
black can you put me in there yeah my
problem is that you have a large Muslim
population and statistics and facts show
a certain percentage of those people
outside the prison if we look outside
the prison thirty percent of British
Muslims believe that someone violence is
acceptable to someone who's inside with
the Prophet Mohammed they've sent you
guy in the prison system the violent
radicalization prison system with
violent offenders that's gonna voice so
I'm in a bit so I said is there any sect
about what you need to do is you need to
self isolate yeah so I've I've they've
said well I'm not gonna self Eisley
now what he wants me to do is willingly
why slate myself so when they put me on
the wing willingly keep my door locked
and refute and say that I want to self
isolate I willingly want to be isolated
I'm not gonna do that because I know
what six months of the nice lady's going
to do to me yeah I'd rather and then he
said his comments are you're being
danger though if you go out of yourself
because I said I'm not gonna sell
they said you'll be in danger I said I'm
in danger every time I walk out my front
door still walk out of it now I'm going
to you put our so I'm going to walk
straight out of that door and whatever
I'm gonna I'm going to defend myself in
any situation at which place are born
I'm gonna put you down the block then I
said cannot and I asked again what risk
assessment did you do before you bought
me from the lowest Muslim population
prison to the highest and why have you
done this then I'm taken straight down
to the block where again so people aware
I didn't ask for isolation I've not
asked to be segregated I was happy for
them to open my door okay not happy in
the sense that I probably would have
been killed in fact every member of the
staff for the prison told me from that
point on you'd have got murdered man
like if you'd have been out there you'd
have been killed so all of this because
of it so out of a hundred prisoners on
the wing over they average and say I'm
Muslim let me ask you just for a second
about Muslim gangs in prison yes many of
the people who go into prison convert to
become Muslim for protection is out of
fact I said that these 30% statistics
they've sent them on these Muslim must
not include anyone that conveyed while
they're in there I spoke to a prisoner
who was down the block who had been
beaten beaten so bad boiling water over
him for two hours beaten by Muslims in
the prison because he was having bacon
because he had bacon on his life so I
always the prison staff during this
turning a blind eye on the many prisons
as I said whole was a prison that was
run by the staff only
in fact government government
investigation internally not more this
is not me saying it anyone can go read
this government report said it's
violently unsafe it's dangerous when we
look at the radicalization within
prisons we know that Muslim Muslim gangs
have taken over prisons okay this is not
me saying again these a government
report it sounds like they enforce halal
pretty yeah well that's pretty well
you'll stop watering bacon
many prisoners to prevent this have just
took pork completely off the menus most
prisons now you just don't get pork you
know that poor so it only still has pork
as an option yeah but obviously a lot
people you've got the pre brave to order
it is there is there a rival gang to the
Muslim gay no no no that neither because
the Muslim gang is so large and anyone
who converts to Islam this way in the
British prison system so make sex
offenders and things I just convert
because no one will give them violent
violent attacks or hassle because
they're part of the Muslim Brotherhood
so if you're from Muslim you say what
you see English that white English
that's all convert with the most weak
and vulnerable people in our society who
have usually been wrong their whole life
when you sit down and speak to most
people in prison if you if you've
understood outside of prison get a
prisoner coming out and ask them their
life story you'll see that they've been
wronged they've been wronged in growing
up they've been wronged by the system
whether they have been abused mentally
or physically sexually and then you have
these people who have so much anger
anyway a society being let down many
many of them when you hear when you
actually hear cuz I've got done it you
saw my going to prisoners speak to
people and see the opportunities they
had were pretty low and then you then
have an ideology that will take the
hangar and direct it and you'll become
part these people haven't had a
community haven't had a belonging
haven't had a path Islam gives them all
of that and very dangerously and and
that's why and most these people aren't
converting I've had these are these
arguments with many of them within the
prison system they're converting to a
gang not converting to a religion it's
amazing that the governor of that prison
is such a fool think that that you
wouldn't be recognized basically we're
not go through this he they wanna meet
self wisely or they wanted you to get
killed to kill Joe else transpired was
that which are putting this complaint in
to the prison was that the Imam where so
basically I got taken to the block of
the prison the block is a punishment
area of a prison
it's where I spent five months in 2012
in different prisons now the block is
usually in the basement of a jail
usually okay underneath the prison
let me show me there why what are the
other option
you mentioned there's a hospital wing in
Hull now there's nothing in only so it's
I asked what is there besides a block
nothing just normal wings
guys so normal present normal prison
wings where you come out you said I in
the morning again where you have a TV so
you were instead of the normal prison
when you were put in the block which is
a heavier I was taking straight to the
block way anyone who if you stab someone
in prison or you attack someone or
you've robbed someone or you're violence
of staff you then get taken from your
normal prison location and you put in
the block so that's not even regular
criminals those are criminals who then
respond we offend in prison prison so
you're not even supposed to be treated
like a criminal
prisoner in the first place and now
you're being treated as a criminal who
is offended again but you'll see it this
time so we're not so bearing in mind
again the thing that was mine was
Australia's I'd come from home where I
was fine and Here I am now and I'm taken
down to the block of the prison and as I
walked into the block the other
prisoners who because prison nothing
happens down there you're locked up all
day as soon as the noise comes people
looking through the gaps in their doors
or the gaps in a way where they window
to see who's being brought down what's
happened yet so I'm born and instantly
instantly erupts with there was I made
the prison were aware of this anyway so
I'm then put in my prison cell with a
blue mat and again I'll say okay so
you're putting you're making the
decision not me you're making the
decision that you'll put me down the
block because you're saying I'm not safe
now what's the symbolism of the blue
mount what do you mean by that so you
don't have a bed anyway
you're in prison yeah you have like a
prison mattress but in in weight and
yeah you also have a TV and you also
have a wardrobe and your self a table
you must have a chair you have all these
things yeah now down the block you have
nothing you just have a blue mat because
the people you put down there it's
basically a smash proof room it doesn't
have a normal toilet it doesn't have a
knee it has nothing that you can smash
that you can't break anything yeah so
it's just a bloomin and this is right
away your first night in in our Lee
you're being put into the block in a
place where a violent murder
who killed someone else in prison in the
yard this is this is the worst place
this is the punishment this is the park
but then even even the prisoners that do
that if they study aloud spend 14 to 28
days maximum down there and how long
were you down there
so no in this case I'd a week yeah so
when I went in there I went in and then
one prisoner in the cell next door to me
spent the entire night smashing and boot
in my my wall through you like he was
going to come into my cell I reminded
him these in prison and the prison walls
probably dealt to deal with that and
then so I spend that first night down
there that frets that instan there was a
prisoner called carne who straightaway
there's a price up for me to get me sir
they were all shout in an arc and
amongst each other I'm then taking the
next day I get thirty minutes exercise
so that people understand you have
prison windows here prison windows here
here's the entrance so I'm taking out my
cell and for 30 minutes I'm putting this
cage I'm putting a cage for three
minutes
well I walk around the cage on my own
we've all the other prisoners who are in
the block looking at the cage so hang on
so this is not in a gym or a yard
they've just made a little durable trap
for you there's a cage yeah there's a
cage which is where where you walk
around when you're down the block so
it's just so this is not a normal
exercise facility and no no and you're
on display for all the other prisoners
is that right don't display for the
other prisoners here down the block so
this is inside the prison yep
it's basically read by this ring by big
huge fence it's like a it's like the
Thunderdome in Mad Max here in the
center of it and you just watch so you
and bearing in mind all of the shower
and all of the abuse all the frets which
look I'm used to yeah I'm used to this
sure they can't be used to a hundred men
screaming they're gonna murder you know
is that what let me not assume what were
they saying so so you're it took them a
few days to get my family's names so
people they knew you ran away they knew
me show this fool governor or you
Stephen the absolutely so the next day I
was sat before the governor yeah and I
said to him
your staff will tell you how with this
place erupted last night when I come in
in your hole prisons RuPt it now
because I'm in it and they're all gonna
kill me you would think he would want to
get you out of that prison he said he
said I don't think because I said he's
your intention because one point I kept
making yeah it was about TV and the
World Cup was on started England were
playing I'm my rights as a simple
prisoner should be a lot more physics
money etc instead I'm being held in this
condition where I've got no TV
I've got nothing for 30 minutes a day or
I'm per hour and paraded around all of
the other Muslim prisoners are in
episode 30 minute isn't even a relief
it's a 30 minutes of abuse on that first
day which again I'll send you this form
I reacted and I say you Islam is a
cancer and I got arrested for it hang on
a second you gotta you gotta rest it
yeah for saying for criticizing the
religion of Islam I said as long as I
can well actually said Islam is a cancer
and I am the I am the cure but I said
I've waited is that a crime what were
you arrested for I was arrested for
religious from Rachel agent no I want
again I've got this there's a rest but
let me stop you there yes you said the
very first night you're in there your
neighbours trying out your for the whole
matter you owe me a guy named Khan is
saying there's a price on your head
where they arrested 9 arson when you go
into the cage and for a half hour of
being screamed out tell me some of the
things they said to you everything you
can think what I want to hear it
just then that'll be killed I be
murdered my family will be murdered just
comments about my wife comments about my
family about my daughters
any arrests no no it's not anywhere they
locked down where they shut down there
when I got before the governor the next
morning so when I was called in to see
the governor I said one man spent six
hours the whole night last night
smashing again my mind my stress with it
was that was fine in a hole you have now
purposely taken me to a prison where
they they they can then use the three
against me
to put me in solitary confinement and
surrounded by people who want to do me
harm so so your comment about is them
being cancer not the most polite thing
to say but I would imagine it's a gentle
reaction compared to the death threat
every Comrie actually wait wait wait but
and so that's what it was it was a
reaction of them screaming it she was
reaction to just who who who called the
guard on you was it a present a present
on the hurt so basically I get this
which which you can conclude this rest
form on the video I'll give you the best
one he says at this hours and it gives
the hours I heard Yaxley Lennon shall
Islam is a cancer and I am The Cure so
the governor himself heard that one or
one of the prison staff so the prison
staff heard everything before that and
was fine with that this really is the
widget which was the point so okay so
now if I want to face further arrest
I just have to remain silent well after
all of this is going on every day what
happened after you I mean you're in
prison already were they gonna do have a
they give you extra days and things like
so I asked I asked the governor so why
not when I went before the governor I
don't want to speak to a solicitor about
this yeah and I asked the governor are
there blasphemy laws in this prison
right and what's going on with all the
threats against me how come no one those
people being disciplined and then I
never heard another word after this did
he did he answer those questions no he
said you've asked for useless are this
will now be adjourned here they
adjourned it I then spend a week where
after the first day it was a Muslim who
was bringing me my food so this is where
it changes yeah you talked about in in
how you would go cafeteria and you'd say
give me some of that and give me some of
that and you could see the food was the
same all the other prisoners said and
they tell me what it was like it on well
I'm all out myself so my food rupee
brought to me on on a tray with my name
on top of it they took food and it'll be
prepared by Muslim prisoners that a
prisoner from the normal location would
come down to the block to do the food it
was a bland I do as a Muslim within a
day I was how's your dinner Tommy how
was your dinner the shouts coming from
the other prisoners the shouts why would
they say there
because they because I know especially
in this prison as well and anything can
get smuggled in most prisons have mobile
phones yeah
weapons I saw through my window crack
another prisoner being beaten with a bar
not this big yes I said so it sounds
like a chaotic wild place it doesn't
sound like it's governed at all
it's not governed the prisoners
governing the jungle saying this was so
I know that now that I'm in this prison
system now that now that I mean only and
my foods being bought to myself with my
name on and comments are being made
already laughing about how was your
dinner told me did you enjoy it laughing
so I didn't I send somebody in here what
do you what do you think could be in it
well if I was in you can get anything
smuggled into prison anything you want
yeah poison well you can yeah you can't
rat poison easily a bit now I'm not
gonna sit and keel over in my cell and
give a victory away like that to people
who despise me and want to kill me for
when I win again
I should have fifty pound a week spent
only got 12 and so is that your own
money or money no my your own money yet
money that people send in so so so when
you say you you should be allowed fifty
pounds a week to spend you're only
allowed twelve that's even your own
money and that would be to buy things
from the prison from the prison wrapping
us up in this so I bought again that
I've said I've got the receipts of what
I bought each time I bought five tins of
tuna and I love you card to send to my
wife two packs of space Raiders and
five-pound phone credit so how much - no
you said five tins or two nights that
per week yeah those are like 1/10 a day
want anything now that that's not a lot
of energy that's not a lot of vitamins
did did you have anything else water for
everyone fruit for anymore
so for the first week I didn't eat a
single thing and the prison were aware I
didn't hear a single thing because I had
no tuna because you to get your forms
you have to get your forms to get your
canteen you're a week behind so I filled
out a form and I got there and then a
week later my team as a tuna would come
so for the first week I a not a single
thing did you have water cut up warrior
you have any fruit because you can buy
fruit on your canteen as well and then
you get fruit as so you basically you
fill out your week's food and then you
get it the next week so if you even the
meals did the prison say anything if you
were on a hunger strike or if you were
your health was in jeopardy I mean not
eating for a day or so but not evening
for a week they took me after after one
week so I want my guy vanian the reason
I mean because economy anyway so they've
took me to see the governor and the
everyday I was putting complaint saying
I believe which people have read and
they've been mocked I believe I'm being
mentally tortured and the reason I'm
saying that is because I know I should
not be behind the door 23 hours a day I
know I should be getting a visit every
day I know I should have 50 pounds spend
always know I should be able to eat and
I know I should not have been moved from
the safe but they again Germany should
be asking the question people should be
asking the prison system should have to
answer the government should have to
answer why was I moved from no problems
and no risk into the biggest Muslim
population of the country why was I then
put into a position where I was paraded
for 30 minutes a day amongst them why
was why would I be I spend non-stop
threats now what after one week I had no
TV
so obviously I'm just sitting in a cell
listen to all this I can't I can't
comment because I've been arrested in
the first week for coming in so I put in
these complaints saying that this is
this is and and again you have to
understand that my main concern here is
I know I've got six and a half months to
do and I know what I was like our last
time so I know if they can hold me in
this room like this for the next six
months I'm not going to come out in a
good place and I was I was really
worried about that because interacting
with my kids and family and everything
was affected when I spend the last
solitary confinement so all of these
things were worrying to me I also knew
that my appeal date obviously I've
missed my obviously they'd moved me so I
hadn't had my meeting with my lawyer so
so how long was it before you even met
your lawyer so then it wasn't so once
they got me into hating me on hated me
only my lawyers were trying to make in
the
women it was at least another week
there's no no so their point was maybe
Friday so it was another week before I
got to see money where that's a month
you know that least a month at least now
I understood because I was there your
Court of Appeal hearing your lawyers
said that when they tried to meet you
the meetings were either cancelled or or
shrunk to less than an hour's that's
true so they struggled to get their day
they would get trying to get the me in
which they weren't being responded to
and then they finally got the meeting
now when they had the meeting it was a
two-hour meeting to see my lawyer this
is the first chance I've got to go
through now that's a great Freda case
yeah and I'm sitting there my meetings
been to start at 2:00 o'clock my legal
meeting my lawyers got to court
got to the prison at 1:00 o'clock so
they got there an hour early it's meant
to start at 2 o'clock I got boy in a
Corp a spree and this is all this is you
had my q-see in court Mike you see he's
never experienced this was going on so
what excuse was given they don't have to
give an excuse the same way when my so
wit my when I was held for those first
seven days without a TV in solid band
the block my lawyers putting a letter
saying just to give you prior notice
where we're putting in for a judicial
review we're going to take you to call
they have 28 days to respond 20 letters
so they don't have to even revise 28
days so in the TV thing I saw the
mainstream media was mocking that it's
not because you want to watch sports
necessarily it's because you're in a
it's you're in a room with sensory
deprivation is that the reason you need
a TV that's my guest was the World Cup
was on yeah so you do like this boy I
love I usually been at the World Cup my
also other reason was had just been I'd
had a TV for the first number of weeks
in Hull my main reason is that look
lock yourself in the room we've nothing
cool yeah nothing cool nothing
yeah where you only come out of that
room to walk around a cage in your
throat minutes a day do that for a week
yeah right goes like a week you have no
interaction or knowledge of what's going
on really in the
world you you do not speaking to anyone
you've got no one to talk to you would
drive you mad
so yes so I know that six months of this
so in mine in my complaint some say look
give me a TV at least give me look that
and and and here's our and 750 prisoners
are in hot only prison and everyone out
for one of them has got to meet
including the murderers yeah initial
down the block when you down the block
for punishment for 14 days you die of TV
so what I kept saying is you're
punishing me now which you are because
you can't keep me safe now I didn't
bring myself to only you brought me here
you must have done a risk assessment
before you brought me here
you must have so and then I'm so in have
you ever been given access to your
prison files no we're trying to get now
we still waiting we're trying to get my
blood samples to show you how a
malnourished I let me ask you about that
so you didn't need a bike for a week
I didn't even Bob like for a week and
then that and then the prison governor
the number one gotten asked to see me
and when I saw him he asked if we moves
you so yeah so from the block so a
normal cell now in a normal cell they're
just better cells they're bigger you
have a window that opens this much
instead of no yeah in the block you
don't you're when doing that doesn't
open yeah
so you have a window that opens this
much and you have a bigger cell you have
a more comfortable bit you have a desk
things like that so if we move you on to
the wing the normal wing we you II yeah
and then he said you need to sign this
disclaimer and he gave me a disclaimer
which said I would be self Wesleyan so I
didn't against it
says it's sterling you for food you're
seven days starving he says I'll give
you a food if you sign away that said
then no I said I've told you already I'm
not self Iceland yeah he then said well
you'll stay down here I says well I'll
stay down here then I'll stay down here
then but obviously you're aware until I
get my canteen economy anyway yeah at
which point then he changed the
disclaimer and he rewrote it where it
basically said we will move you to
another cell but you will not be able to
integrate with any other prisoners due
to the stability of the prison you will
not be allowed to work now when we this
is where it gets quite key well
about 12 pound a week or I can spend to
have enough to eat if you can work in
prison like everyone works cuz everyone
gets a job you can spend another 12
pound a week right and then you can get
enhanced where you have good behavior
and the prisoners see you behave well
you then become enhanced where you can
spend another 12 and a week so but bear
in mind I'm a civil prisoner
undisputable no one can say I'm not
civil because the crime is civil oh I
should have 50 pound a week or I should
be able to buy food I wasn't I was then
once I was moved to the block once I was
moved from the block people were saying
or he wasn't on solitary confinement
I was then moved to another cell where I
was not allowed on that cell once yeah
that the condition that I had to sign if
I wanted to be moved was that they were
forcefully isolating me which I wanted
it to say because I wanted it I slay
myself and that was key point for me I'm
not isolate myself you put me on that
wing I'm coming out and whatever happens
happens and if I get killed I get killed
because if you're doing that and I'm not
gonna know if it's my own like part of
my own I said I'd see anything else was
being kept being account yeah and but I
know I'm gonna get killed at the same
time so I'm not gonna ask for separation
and they've then put me there then I was
think and in the form that I had to sign
to get moved from the block it said
which again this is public he said that
the only time I'll be allowed a Marcel
is when the rest of the prison is locked
for lunch so between half one and a half
two I'll be taken from my cell
it's courted down to the block back to
the block back to the block where I have
a shower and I walk around the cage iam
now lit these alone these are only
little things yeah but little things my
boy from what my wife said work on my
children at school between half one and
a half two so essentially I can't speak
too much of kids now now what what's
frustrating is all around the prison all
you ever hear see and read about is
mental health a and keeping prisoners in
contact with their family which is super
important if you don them to reoffending
z-- and things they try to do so there's
like posters
brochures how much assist campaigns yes
psychologist yeah whole campaign did you
see any psychologist I got in there was
the mental health were there with the
governor where I expressed to them do
they say a word no I said to them
everything I think you're doing and the
reason I think you're doing it what I
kept asking why have you taken me here
you're going to now hold me on solitary
for six months all know what you're
doing yeah they then told me you won't
be here in a week specifically said you
will not be here in a week who said that
the governor he said you will not be an
army for I mean only in a week's time so
then I think I can get moved
I'll never got moved did these so-called
mental health advisors they come and saw
me the day before I went home and what
do they say there I told them again I
need to be out myself so complaints
after complaints of complain one the
complaints are said is that for an hour
day
just let me on the field yeah let me run
around the field and then again I felt
like everything was dangling a carrot
because then they reply to the complaint
which I've got saying we are going to do
that basically yeah they didn't do it
they never done no sense and no one
still I come out myself now once we got
put onto the wing into the wing location
this was obviously again my cell
location which i think is quite
important anyone can check this I was in
cell hate swing which is induction wing
so nine I can show you an overhead to
view of them prism because I've done it
on Google Maps or so and then directly
opposite my window
what's the industrial Union which I've
said was a mosque used as a mosque he's
used as a mosque on a Friday time what's
going on Sunday to church now every so
every prisoner in that prison who's
Muslim will past my window so go in
there it's a break yeah now this is when
you're in the block or when you're in
the way moves on to the wing now the
thing that made me signs clearly stated
that if there were problems when I'm on
the wing they would reassess my security
situation and basically put me back down
the block yeah we're in the block
there's no electricity so the reason
they're saying we're not giving your TV
even though there's two there is
electricity there is a TV point they're
saying the electricity's not working
down there yeah for TVs that's what they
told me
so um yep let me put that down the
blocks
well upon the wing I'd Muslims prisoners
mil Muslims my cell door constantly some
of them there wasn't that from Brixton
lovely that wasn't in fact what saying
to the others just leave him alone
yeah but your time it was just frets
after frets off the phrase and my window
did anyone stop them ever from coming to
your door to issue that never know one
of them was moved so one of him in the
cell opposite me was moved now this was
a prisoner who come to my cell and told
me they had a message for me from saiful
islam and who's safe for islam means
sword of Islam that's his name he's in
jail for what Isis terrorism he's the
leader of a terrorist group in Bern
called Amish routine he was the second
in command of that group he's from my
hometown of Lewin he's physically had
run-ins with me in my hometown of Lewin
he's like the leader of the radical
Muslims in Britain and he was passing a
message on to me things that were going
to happen to my family yeah
now I can you say any of them here
really put your family at risk for say
he knew things he knew things about my
family like location or names or ages
who names names of my children of my
family and I then so the prisons and he
told me he come from speaking from
saiful islam now we're not saw the
female member of staff there was a one
member female himself I said to look I'm
a big concern now yeah this is normal
this isn't because I was getting spat
from a window shit come from a window in
the end what I did on my window was I
just shut my windows yeah after the
first couple of days okay so when you
say spat and and human excrement yeah
that's because you were on the outside
my cell with my cell my beds here my
bets here and the windows here the bed
isn't you can't move you bit its dust
ways and the windows here now both the
windows i Dahlia open this much yeah but
you know that boiling the point in
summer we had in brand I had my windows
open and then within a few days it was
clear that I couldn't have my windows
open because of the shit and spit and
just people at my window no did you have
to be on the ground floor across from
those rifles I could have been on any
field did you record it'd you bring this
to the attention of staff no I didn't
no I did were very aware of the fritz
and the things coming at the window but
I didn't ask for a move because I didn't
put down the block my thing if there's
if there's issues with you on the wing
you'll be put he said it clearly which
again people can read now it was anyone
ever charged for throwing things through
your window in the morning the prison
officer went and checked and he had just
come from a maximum security prison
where this prisoner where saiful islam
was being held so it was a credible
message it was legit oh yeah and what
happened to him they moved him they
moved to me so that's did they move them
down the block no no no so so you can be
a messenger with a death threat family
from a terrorist and your punishment is
you move to another cell with the TV and
then and I'm just complaining buddy
you're down in the block yeah so so I
mean I'm completely isolation anyway
yeah I'm taking out the phone as a day
where I'm walk down I wrote my wife for
that are in this in the first week I was
in Agent P on me and it was an it wasn't
public it was a letter for me to detail
detail a lot of things on it I needed to
say to him
because to be honest in that first week
I generally in that first week I didn't
think I'd make out other and in fact I
thought I know what their intentions are
now I know what's gone on in my previous
endless sentences so I wrote a letter
basically apologized him to my wife and
it was me apologizing not for anything
I've done but for the situation that she
finds herself in that we find us her and
then I know also and that really was to
explain it it was important for me
saying if I got killed in that prison
sinners there was a lot of things but I
hadn't said I needed safe especially
with regards to just move regards to my
wife and and then to my children so I
wrote three individual letters to my
children where I wanted to say to them
jam the thing that was killing me most
was if say it's they all got killed and
they thought about that then they'd be
angry at me for
thinking no I didn't care about them
yeah I didn't care about their mister
why are we done why I do what I do
and so individually and I broke my heart
to avoid it and then they Cindy they
held back the now why did they do that
how do you know that cuz they couldn't
give me a form and they and they give me
a form saying let's not be the same
because they think it's gonna end up
online what difference does that make
it's your letter they think it's gonna
end up online and only its own and oh
yeah that makes seem like a little
feedback
it looks odd cuz it's like a last will
and testament Ted can you would you can
you tell me what you said to your wife
took person that's my wife or his
apologies look there's been times over
the last years where I haven't been
livable wife well I've been living at my
mom's and things like where I've made
mistakes even across my marriage and
yeah it was just
and then there was apologies about about
them because she everything that goes on
with me you are I may be serving a
prison sentence she's serving her
sentence only out and then and then also
there I wrote was prior to the police
guns see my wife thought it was then
just just things to tell my children
about about the characters and yeah did
it did he tell these things to your wife
after you got out did you say them to
her yeah yeah it's not an even with my
kids it would be the to tell your wife
or you're trying to tell your wife which
I've tried to say how many times it this
isn't about my kids yeah this isn't
about our kids
this battle is about every single child
and the next generation of children
across this country even the people who
hate me even the people who despise me
even the politicians it's about their
kids and their kids and and it's about
everyone's kids so this goes beyond the
need of my children the needs of my
children you know I should shut my mouth
and just be a dad but it's far bigger
than that and we spoke and and it
essentially it's like if we remain
silent if we ignore and we we don't
stand up so the play and
that we can see to the blatant dangers
we see our country and then our families
in and up and our communities in if we
don't then essentially if there's gonna
be a battle and someone's gonna have to
put themself up there let it be me not
my son then so I could and tried to
explain that to your wife who's not
politically minded or doesn't really all
she cares about is being a mother to the
kids and I kid she doesn't think deeply
about she doesn't view the country she
doesn't I mean it's like Detroit so it
was to put it was a 10-page of me not
just breaking my heart and I actually
said in there this isn't a suicide note
I know it reads like it because I
genuinely at that time I'm thinking why
if they move me to this prison they're
gonna let them have a shot yeah I found
that at the Imam went the prisoner who
who works down the block when I spoke to
him he said went with always stand out
in the exercise yard he said I knew
three days before you go he was coming
in I said how'd you know that he said
the in mom was telling everyone so they
don't think him so the Muslims have in
the prison have had an opportunity to
prepare themselves
we're not previously got violently
beaten in prison I was locked in a room
I knew that those MIT Muslim lads didn't
know I was gonna be locked in that room
yeah because I could tell by their faces
now if you give someone opportunity then
they're getting lice and they're getting
blades they're gonna be ready for me
when they get that one opportunity to
touch to have a swipe at me they're
gonna get it so I'm waiting all that up
and I'm thinking of why I've been moved
from one prison to another so I'm
generally I don't think I'm coming out
of it and there's a lot going there's a
lot I wanted to say or I want to say not
just to my wife but to my children and
then when they stopped there there is a
reason they would end up online
the second was my previous and then my
lawyers have contacted the prison in
saying give us a copy of the layer which
said they didn't again and then and then
yeah so when you were in HMP how when
you were in the hospital wing in this
safer prison you did write a letter why
did you and I know it got through
because I saw it posted online a very
pretty yes I realized my wife from H and
B hole as well
a brief flower but it wasn't
because I thought I looked around for
I'm alright yeah yeah so when I was it
only in that first week I thought I'm
not worried so they didn't stop your
letter at how no the one that was on
line and was incredibly touching I want
to remind you of something you said I
mean you had a lot of sense of humor in
that letter you talked about how Donald
Trump jr. mentioned your case and you
joked that was worth the whole thing but
he also wrote about your son and I've
had the pleasure of meeting him he's
just like you Tom yeah and how he
couldn't understand what was going on
and how he wanted to go to to do
something bad so he could be put in
prison to be with his dad and I heard
from your wife that he slept with an old
shirt of yours that hadn't been
laundered just so he could smell his dad
until this descent was gone after weeks
what did you say to your kids and the
letters so then the letters for just to
talk about them just to talk about it's
also open one then of sort of try as
children and they under yeah I can't
just for them to understand everything I
do I do it cuz well yeah do they
understand what you're doing do they
know about these subjects of you kept
them shielded from these okay I've Kevin
shielded from knowing knowing the
severity of the risks of the phrase for
example when I was in when I was in my
only free my door opens and again this
is my door opens up about 9 o'clock at
night
where's your wife how am I meant them
nowhere more what about the only time
we're through that three members of
prison staff know barely mind the only
time I'm allowed out my cell they've
specifically made it so it's not when I
can bring my wife and children so
where's my wife and I said I don't know
they said the police are trying to find
your wife that's okay and I said why and
they said there's Intel that
she's gonna be at active acid no and
then they shot my daughter basically
that's basically it
and there's the Genoa she's and then
they shot my door so then to say I wish
I didn't I didn't sleep a wink man and
I'm waiting and waiting and then decide
a genuine question that's a taunt
yeah the sickening thing is is like so
basically my wife get the police knock
on my web store and they give a little
leaflet of what to do when you attacked
of acid oh my you've got CD leaflets
Oh effective which police force
mentorship please
two days later three days later they go
to my mum's and they do exactly the same
work to do when you're attacked with
that oh it's called the police on the
list at all know one of the things is
you cannot get weapons you cannot have a
weapon to defend yourself so basically
you cannot break the law one of the
thing guidelines is do not break the law
so so and then basically I'm saying
prison thinking my boys gonna get
attacked all my mom's gonna get attack
because I went to my mum's two days
later and then I have the mental pool of
is this even real because or is this to
mess with me is this to psychologically
destroy me whilst holding me on solitary
confinement whilst probably in these
positions and then the fuck so the first
thing the opportunity I didn't get to
use the phone when I do get hold of my
family you can imagine my wife situation
of how she's feeling you could imagine
their stress and what and worried about
all of that and it's just like and then
in the whole time I'm on reminding
myself though I mean I'm in e4 standing
outside a courtroom and and telling
people the names of men again I can't
comment yet legally and what happened to
their trial but of men who are alleged
to a rape not to a hundred young
children and and I'm a civil prison I
shouldn't be in it I shouldn't be held
in these conditions I'm not a I can't
Lee I then put in forms I put a
complaint saying look if you make me
enhanced yeah I get an extra twelve
pound a week then I'll compile more food
yeah joke they reploid I've got the copy
of their response they replied saying we
have to see your good behavior
so make you
to make you enhanced but because you'll
not have your cell we can't see you
bathing well and it's like are you for
real you know I know there's a
phenomenon here in the UK called caged
prisoners it's all these former al-qaeda
prisoners from well they have people
queued up to defend them
this is the other thing that was so
desire for me I know what's going on I
know it's a kangaroo court and I've been
illegally imprisoned I know everything
that has gone wrong I now know that my
rights are being trampled over my human
rights might might we talk about
contender cool I mean I'm a cool I'm a
supposedly in prison for contempt a cool
we're seeing outside Westminster it's
them who have the show guilty of
contempt they're guilty of contempt for
civil rights
can we contend for justice here we a
contempt for free speech can we a
contempt for democracy and the most
recent things and I'm sitting in prison
now in all of this is happening now in
all of that every single day the frets
the frets the frets that the constant
which which isn't the situation that had
to be all they had to do which my
solicitors wrote to them as soon as they
move me the Tinley must list as Rose had
moving back to home he was fine job they
said which I've got again inviting is
that for them to move me to a prison
that matches my racial prejudice or
prejudice yeah would be immoral and
illegal right so so so to put me in a
prison which has the most moon and bear
in mind when I put my complaint in one
of my complaint said that 7% of the
whole was Muslim they've sent of only is
I feel like you've purposely endanger me
they response was if you speak
negatively about our Muslim population
again yeah you'll be on the IEP system
which is again arrest yeah now they're
the ones how to be only and their staff
and their governor are the ones that
said I wasn't safe not me yeah they're
the ones that put me down the block and
help me on soldier confinement because
they said that I'd be violently attacked
not me I didn't it's not it's not what
I've done I didn't isolate myself they
then held me for months probation come
to see me so week before my appeal a
week before I hadn't my peer appeal I
had a probation officer who had been to
see my wife
and assess my home for my release from
prison and then they come to see me
where they informed me that one of my
conditions because my htc which is where
you release some tag my tag date was
coming up in September tag is what you
do here attack it's where you have a
electronic tag around your ankle and you
go home and so basically if you get Fame
of prison sentence after three and a
half months I'd be at home where for
another three months I'd spend where I
have been my house between seven and
seven so seven o'clock or nine seven or
in the morning you have to be at home so
probation this is M perturbation service
so they come to see me because they were
assessing my property right they went to
meet with my wife for my family
and then about me being released on tak
they then told me that my condition this
is where it becomes very apparent what
all of this is about my condition upon
release will be I will be banned from
the internet banned from using net till
June 2019 how where does that have to do
with you you tell me you know you know
my previous prison sentence when I was
leading English Defence League my
condition which was for legally and in
America my condition then was not to
contact the EDL so anyone anyone who
wants to sit and say that this case this
current case is not politically
motivated that means that they'd have to
accept they'd have to accept for it not
to be politically motivated they're to
have to accept the judge by accident
incorrectly a judge of thirty years
whether a top judge would not realize
they have to ask me if I'm guilty or not
guilty would not have to tell me what
I've done wrong would not have to let me
speak to my solicitor with it so then
they'd have to buy into that they didn't
have to buy into the fact that the
prison accidentally hold me as a
criminal prisoner not a civil prisoner
they then have to buy into the fact that
just by accident I was moved from the
safety of whole into a champion Li and
put under all of these conditions they
then have to see that it's normal for
someone to be banned from the internet
yes they would put you out of business
and it would shut you up on a hundred
other masters will you respect it you're
unrelated to this court case which is
what all of
is about who would have drafted that
that tag condition who would lose of a
patient services or not run by the
government so just the internet
completely that's what this is about
this isn't about you standing outside of
a court case this about you having any
opinions on any matter whatsoever it's
about them silence in a stop in which is
something they've had a tactic to do and
try to do for multiple years now if I
say now and and to be on it says well I
come outta Jail clearly I've lost a lot
of weight I've put an ileus time back on
why I asked you you told me when you
went anywhere that I'm gonna just say it
in pound yeah 190 pounds and you came
out just over a hundred and fifty pounds
what's that in stone how do you say
three so that's unhealthy to lose that
much weight through starvation of course
not it's not healthy and I also know the
worry in my head the whole time I'm in
there is I know what I went through 2012
when I come out of prison which I'll
never spoke publicly about because again
it's quite embarrassing even even now
I'll never compare it to anything
anyone's been through a war it's nothing
like it yeah it's nothing like it but is
purposely done everything that's
happened with his sentence the isolation
the purposely put me in a position where
they can say because of his safety we
need to payment in solitary because of
that the threats to my wife the police
visits all of these things they'll say a
purpose he does I knew that I'm a lot
better now even now not come out prison
almost ran or life two weeks which meant
I didn't have to communicate really talk
I just lay by the pool and I spoke to
people a couple of people that were
other families on the holiday when I
come back from on lay my kids on it and
this is the doing the most different
that most in angers me frustrates me is
that if you put something in front of me
I'll for you put saying they're not for
you and that's what I've done for ten
years whenever they'd knock me down I've
got back up and carried on for you and
then what they've managed to do I come
out of jail I've gone away my family I
know I'm not way I know at the time on
my way yeah when I'm sorry the night you
got out of prison
would you look shaken I will shaken my
speech you want yourself you weren't
yourself
no and even now I know I'm not myself
eeeh I went to come out of better watch
I went to watch you leave and play
football and I took my kids because I
was in prison I know I have to gather
cell well visit that family comes to
visit me by the end in action beyond ly
I didn't want us him huh now that's
messed up yeah yeah bar flies for five
hours before going to see my own family
yeah what an immune you don't want to
come out yourself so when I was first
I'm complaining then are coming get me
in the gym get me this give me this by
the end of it yeah yeah and so all these
things every single day every
opportunity I don't know thirty minute
there was four times in one week where
they didn't even get me out for the
thirty minutes every Tuesday I wasn't
allowed out at all for 24 hours because
there was a judge during the dude
occasions and they were too busy down
the block every G but so I know I need
to get out so why not come over Mon
therefore I need to get back into the
system I want to get back out there I
went to a Luton Town football match
I left at halftime yeah well it won't
just because we are losing it's because
and I was supposed to have my friends
come out to watch the box in which I
cancelled and it's because I won't know
I'm not right and then general you know
how I'm saying it can be we're nothing
that they've got away we're doing it
losing that kind of weight not on
Christmas but because you're being
starved that's a medical that's a
medical extreme condition did any
doctors prescribe you supplements
vitamins did they take tests did you
have you examined by the blood tests I
told every member of that staff how
concerned I was about well BIOS and they
must have see I was shocked when I saw
you when you got out I couldn't believe
they had to do all they had to do was
make me in harm so I've had another ten
pound another ten pound would have been
another six or seven teams to tune or a
week and and whether they cared to your
own money but did a dog did a doctor
ever seen so doctor took my blood test
so what I sense is that when I went to
court so
barely - took them a couple of hours to
send me to prison
I've then gone before took me two months
before I can get back into a court see
judge now when I went before the court
the High Court the judge heard
everything yeah so he knew how wrong it
all was they still kept me a prison for
another two weeks and sort of
confinement I did he could have released
me he should have released me about
there and then so when did the when did
the the doctor take your blood
so when I come back ask that court case
so close because I think in court even
made public about my health about my
worry about my concerns about my
solicitors concerns then they and then
so day before my day before my verdict a
day before my verdict the mental health
team come to see me they took me from me
in the mental health team well I said to
him like I can't do another full noxus
yeah
I was only when's your story was told in
public court did a doctor that they
would have seen you wasting away but it
was only when the public court he come
and took come it's a blood Sam who did
he ask you any questions will he just
take blood did he ask you know they
asked me questions every time I spoke to
him I told him you need to come out
herself did they did he give you any
diagnosis did he give you any
prescriptions did he say give this man
more food did you ever see that doctor
again are you sure was a real doctor no
sorry I don't know sir so someone on
their rounds who somebody works in the
prison in the health care have you ever
regard the results of that blood test no
this has been trying to get it now did
you never go to a doctor once you got
out of prison
yeah I did of the interesting to see you
but you put 10 pounds back on I put 10
pounds back on I've been so I've been
seeing a doctor Muslim doctor lovely fur
he did see he's he died he's diagnose me
again it's an embarrassing thing because
I'm always here look and say Joe it's
actually missing persons humiliated if
it was done to you it wants me out
because they've been allowed to do it
and and they just and he didn't have to
be this way no I want to justify okay no
one can answer a question Joe the
all of this can happen all of this can
happen with the full support of the pull
every single politician in that building
you know and every single media outlet
not one not one media when your letters
begging for food begging for some social
interaction asking for just a simple TV
when those letters were obtained by the
Daily Mail instead of writing about your
abuse they mocked your handwriting style
they said that it was a handwriting of
someone who's insecure well you were you
ye you you were people who have friended
me every minute of every day my wife was
under threat my mother was under threat
I'm held I knew I knew in conditions I
know it it's 2008 you would not hold you
you would not be allowed to put in the
position they put me treat it the way
they treated me
without the RSPCA coming into its own
back you shouted a dog yeah yeah it's
not a dog you give a dog no exercise you
put a dog in a box in that heat you're
exactly right
human rights law yes everyone everyone
fell over each other and pushed each
other either way to give hip piece after
hip piece to BBC channel for Sky News
they don't die big hit pieces and while
I deserve to be in prison
I remember they had a human rights
lawyer on explaining why you ought to be
in prison even after the court of appeal
quashed the original sentence and just
devastated it in five ways they they
they they didn't just sit on the you see
now I was worried when I was in prison I
didn't believe my sisters telling me
they've gotta let you out yeah and I'm
saying they're not gonna let me out why
I know they're not gonna let me out I'm
seeing here now I'm still having to seek
medical treatment I'm still I faced
another court trial now on the 27th of
this month for the exact same manner
that in Leeds the exact same according
with heal didn't have to or about their
character core people didn't have to
order it and in fact when they did order
it I never thought they'd go from of it
because I thought this was just to say
face because obviously it's been proven
of what they done the whole world's
watching now the headlines on Tommy
Robinson Frieden and course conviction
quash the headlines are talking origin
to be retried they're saving a bit of
face this is the government who all
during a retrial now what they're saying
by retry me is that they don't think the
two months two and a half month prison
sentence observed the two months of
solitary confinement the treatment they
don't think that that warrants enough of
a punishment for standing and talking no
incite him and to anyone who says I was
jeopardizing the trial the trial already
finished yeah the trial will be finished
and these laws are being used on the
Muslim grooming gangs I think that we
should have journalists challenging
these in the courts of law yeah why but
the journalists are not challenging them
they're not standing up for free speech
or journalist rights they're actually
happy to see they were all they were all
stake to see me imprisoned no I I saw
some of your supporters writing to
Amnesty International and other groups
like that when you were in prison and I
was copied on the replies they would say
oh it was it was nothing to do with free
speech and human rights it was a
violation of a court order but now that
the Court of Appeal has proved that
false you would expect amnesty reporters
without borders all these civil
liberties groups to speak out now that
you've been vindicated by the court of
appeal dead silence not just from them
where where the liberal journalists who
would say well I disagree with Tommy
Robinson style but this is the UK and we
don't send people to prison for ten
weeks for would never send the
journalist prison where since 70 years
of condemned corner where's where are
those people who used to stand up for
again as I speak about Islam and that is
so terrifying for anyone to be seen to
sort of side with or or or take up my
case that they all run a mile you've
seen yourself how many lawyer how
impossible is it for find a lawyer to
represent me we went through seven law
firms before we found someone who would
represent you in Canterbury because
they're scared seven law firms we're
almost at a time time
why don't you tell me about both of
those because I saw that picture of you
coming out of prison with six big duffel
bags I thought what's in the duffel bags
you told me those were letters letters
there's some cards from every single
place when you tell me about those
because you're in prison in a box my
concern for all of this through
everything we've done I've done is that
in fact I never play or will be killed
oh no oh yeah that's not that's
something that in the 30 years was hard
to come from I've completely at ease
with that now yeah my worry was they
would have been for nothing my worry was
the bone in mind the government campaign
and the media campaign and all this hate
campaign and all the campaign against us
to slander me would I'd be killed and
forgotten about and it won't bring about
change now and I really fought that
deeply after leaving viewers behead it
just not far from here when we have a
soldier beheading our streets and in
fact nothing doesn't just change the
situation gets a lot worse since Lee
Rigby was ahead in 2000 Muslims were
allowed to go fight for Isis and six
hundred men come home nothing's changed
we're a more in danger than we've ever
been
yeah nothing's changed so when I can see
a British Armed Service man behead his
on the street and the problem Excel and
not just Excel but the politicians bend
over each other for who can defend Islam
the most after it then the exact
sanctions and reason why the man done it
why the boy the man committed the the
terrorist such that lyric B's killer
handed the woman a piece of paper with
fifty five verses from the Koran that he
says forced him to do it so when you
still when we years on we still
struggling to debate or talk about these
issues and like there's no mainstream
people talking about it my fault I'll
get killed and it won't have had an
effect or it won't have made a
difference and then I just watched the
response to my arrest and how can I
forget emotional Guinea's to to say that
going forward I now know that it would
not it would I think caused a revolution
so again like if I have this minute
first of all I'd like to talk to my
supporters but to the
government to the people in positions of
power pulling strings like I'm sitting
in a winning position now because in
this battle because even if I'm killed
which I think you'll it happen for you
you'd want to happen there's going to be
a revolution in this country anyway and
and for me I wouldn't debate change
I want all these issues brought to the
forefront the whole world has watched
and talked about the Muslim paedophile
grooming rape of our youth since my
arrest
I'm sitting here and I sat in prison
yeah I didn't like it but I smiled many
times and I smiled a lot and I'm smart
because everything I do and then to be
honest out sacrifice my life tomorrow to
bring the changes needed yeah if I'm
willing to do that then all I want is
the positive outcome yeah all right one
it's a safe and prosperous future for
the next generation of our children I
don't think that we should be having to
bury our heads in care every time you
hear a bang in London I don't think for
terrorist attacks last year that was
successful twelve stopped all of these
things the next generation of children
being taught that they should be ashamed
of who they are they were Dendy their
culture their history their our own
identity our own culture is under attack
and I know one PS our next generations
to feel pride in who they are pride in
where they come from and they actually
to understand who they are and where
they come from
and to understand the sacrifices I've
been given to them for free speech free
speech which is being curtailed across
this country all of those things always
sit here now in quite a comfortable
position I don't think I'm in a
difficult position noting they are I
think they're because if I'm killed I'm
going to succeed if I'm not killed I'm
still going to succeed because I may be
struck I may have had a struggle period
now but everything you try to do it's
not going to work you will have to kill
me and even by killing me or even by
allowing me to be killed it's still
going to have the negative effect that
you wish for and if you can't see now
the the populist revolution that it's
swinging and I spoke about is referred
ten years
I said nine years ago on stages the
swinging from left
you can't stop there's no there's no
lamech organization with funds in the
world that can stop it there's no police
force that can stop it there's no
government that can stop it none of you
can stop it
it's underway it's happening the
elections in Austria the elections in
Italy the elections across the whole of
Europe it's coming and I know I'm on the
right side of history so essentially I
sit there and and those people support
and sitting and seeing the public
support gave me that that feeling that
I've doubted and that feeling that I
need to every time I kiss my kids and
walk out of the door to know that it
will carry on and it will continue no
matter what happens or not and I know
that and again my friend and I also know
because in previous prison sentences or
previous things have happened but these
the worlds watch this and the world is
quite shocked with what's going on it's
actually not the worst that's going on
it's far worse it's going on and I know
I know yeah and I always say in a
position where I'm comfortable when I
know that and the minute I maybe maybe
having to concentrate on the 27th of
September where I'm sure I'm sure
I'm going to be offered a deal in this
deal I'm gonna be told if I plead guilty
I will get time served
yeah that means you've got you won't
have to go bad won't have to go back to
prison and then and then the only
difficult position in any of this it's
just because of my family because I mean
my son cried every day for two months I
thought it would take a couple of weeks
and it ease up a bit he didn't he
absolutely rocked him and no I didn't
have to make a decision that will put my
son it upset my family but but not but I
don't I don't want I don't want to do a
deal idea when I left the English
Defence League for the same reasons
because they had me over a barrel ready
to go back to prison in solitary
confinement I don't want to be in that
position again I don't want to make a
mistake again so I don't yeah it's that
I know I know now I see it comfortably
now and I know that the male what
happens on the twice-over September I
truthfully believe I'll be back in
prison because unless I get a or unless
I come to an agreement with them that
their face I think I'll get slammed and
then and under whatever technicality
they used to say that the facts are the
court case had finished the facts are I
didn't say anything that could a jab
days jeopardize that trial the facts are
journalists across our country breach
reporting restrictions day in day out
every week there's a reporting
restriction breach the facts are no one
goes to jail for it the facts are that
the British public and the world have
viewed this they've seen what's going on
I sit here very comfortable knowing that
my family will forever be looked after
I've got no worry about anymore that was
my main worry I'm small guns blazing and
I'm blazing in a way that I think I'm
going into positions and places where
even when I work for us for you I knew
you had my best interest at heart I knew
you did you didn't what you went where
if I said I'm going to do this as right
you'd be saying no you're going to get
seriously hurt you can end up in prison
I think that to be able to bring about
the changes needed you you can't think
about that or worry about those things
you can because you'll never get the
change done that's needed so I now know
that even coming out of this coming out
of court on the 27th of September I will
go full steam ahead and I don't need to
worry anymore or I don't have to doubt
anymore that ie my family won't be
looked after and B people won't care
because what really come what really was
a really it was a bit was reading the
letters over it from 2 o'clock 2 p.m. to
7 p.m. every day that was what I tried
to get self in a regime and I read and
the letters and knowing how much it
means and the feeling the passion the
has look I become a symbol it's not all
it wasn't all about because of me or
because of wiser
it become a symbol for people who feel
oppressed who feel silenced who feel
marginalized who feel that they're being
they're being led down a path and our
country's being led down a path and they
they're concerned and I read so many
letters of concern from grandmothers
from mothers from old people young
people gay people straight people
there's limb people I had letters from
everyone everywhere and what become a
parent is them the size of the feeling
and now the thing that was viewed by the
tens of thousands of people marched on
West Minister after seven days I think
that they should really it should be a
wake-up call for them not for me well I
keep getting told I'm in a different
position even by my lawyers what I think
I am I know I know I know what they're
doing I'm gonna do and I want to play a
part whatever part I can in bringing
awareness and attention to issues
they're quite frankly not just being
ignored but being covered up well we'll
be there on September 27th at the Old
Bailey as they put you to trial Bailey
Bailey is a core for the biggest the
biggest terrorists or murder trials the
most have senior core of our country
I'm therefore talking into a iPhone
that's not a courtroom and we know it
did and bridges a drug because the trial
the trial ended so we know the Verde has
been given the judge actually said that
I'm in there and what just again I just
finished on these these reporting
restrictions I sense in a sense these
laws being used and I'll go off point
again now at one point I was arrested
and I was given a football tempt given
under football or legislation and what
they said is they wanted to ban me from
football stadiums now included in this
ban was a map that would ban me from the
entire Muslim community of Lewin and the
lumen town center so on Saturdays I
would not be allowed into Luton my
hometown yeah the train station Town
Center or the entire they they drew a
map around the entire Muslim community
know what they've done in this case was
they used football legislation to try
and invoke this law which would limit my
freedoms yeah now it was thrown out of
court by a judge it cost me thousands of
pounds to defend the judges comments
where the case against me was dishonest
Vaden kg it wasn't the police cause beds
police actually stood up for me in the
case when they were in court it was the
foot policing unit which is the whole
yes it was the government yes now I
these reporting restrictions I believe I
still believe are just another law and
another way of silencing and stopping
people from being knowing the full
details staying down of what's happening
in these seas and essentially the minute
this case is done on the 27th of
September I'm gonna work with others to
bring videos and documentaries to every
town and city from every town and see
with the details and all of the people
who are in power this is why they don't
like me I believe because the people in
power as in the people who took payoffs
didn't lose their pensions know these
young girls being raped stood by and
allowed it police officers senior police
officers politicians care workers I'm
going to find them and the whole British
public is going to be made aware who
they are and what they ignored and the
horrific crimes that have been happening
to generation of our children well Tommy
will be there to cover you you're a
former employee of ours but we still
support you in your mission I've called
you the last lion of the UK and lions
are unattainable and lions are assemble
in the United Kingdom I see them
everywhere Trafalgar Square Buckingham
Palace and we support you
we'll be there on the 27th we want you
to stay safe but we also want you to
fight so I'm grateful I'm grateful I'm
grateful to you guys are for stepping in
there so I mean on behalf of our
thousands of supporters with you and
every single person there any person I
haven't made another video since since I
come home this is the first one so I
haven't want people to want people to
understand just how much the support
meant and the feeling of knowing that I
have that support
I'm actually the week after next if
you're one the people that wrote to me
I'm gonna be doorstop him I kept my
layers I went through my layers and I
put that does that aside that to that so
story news story
follow up so I need to go through them
all but I want to learn I can't knock
every single person's house to bring
flowers and chocolates to sow and the
women and I need I want people to make
sure they know how much their support me
hey Tommy thanks for spending time with
xsr just that was my feature interview
with Tommy Robinson the last lion of the
United Kingdom what he told us was
heartbreaking and raging inspiring
desperate but a little bit hopeful -
that was the edited version of our
conversation we actually spoke for more
than two hours if you want to see the
extended cut you could find it on our
website the rebel dog media Tommy has to
go back to court the Attorney General is
insisting on a retrial for contempt of
court for that same incident back in
Leeds in May they actually want to
convict him again maybe to even throw
him back in prison
just yesterday I received a new invoice
from Tommy's law firm Carson K they're a
good firm who won at the court of appeal
but now they have to prepare for his
second trial it will cost tens of
thousands of pounds and I'm sorry to ask
you again but if you are at all moved by
Tommy's case please help us by going to
save Tommy calm and a surplus after the
lawyers are paid will go to Tommy's
family to help take care of them thank
you you saw how grateful he is for your
support that's it for now from us at the
rebel we'll be there at his next trial
in London and we'll keep telling the
truth about Tommy as long as the
mainstream media keeps lying about him
goodbye and thanks for your support
you
