like why is Spencer's house still
standing I don't understand like it
needs to be fucking broken into people
need to fucking throw grenades into it
while that was Fresno State professor
Ron de girar saying that people should
break into and throw explosives at white
nationalists Richard Spencer's house now
don't get me wrong I'm not a fan of
Spencer and I think identity politics of
all varieties are cancer but bad ideas
should be countered with good ideas not
violence
Ronna doesn't seem to have quite the
same view however here she is talking
about Palestinian terrorists you know
didn't kill anyone but they scared the
shit out of people you know they would
hijack a plane and be like we're not
gonna hurt anyone on the plane but we
are gonna fucking like Jack was planning
you know of course these were comments
that the mainstream media ignored
many other outlets instead focus on
Rhonda's comments about Barbara Bush the
day the former first lady died the
professor called her an amazing racist
who raised a war criminal and said she's
happy the witch is dead okay so those
aren't the kindest things to say but
then when she was getting backlash
Rhonda proceeded to tweet out which she
said was her personal phone number but
what was actually a crisis hotline
number this of course clogged the crisis
hotline potentially preventing them from
getting to people who actually needed
help
Rhonda further demonstrated that
trademark liberal tolerance and
compassion a few months later with this
erudite remark at some points all of us
in the literary community must demand
that white editors resign
it's time to step down and hand over the
positions of power we don't have to wait
for them to fuck up the fact that they
hold these positions is fuck up enough
that was apparently in response to a
poem published by a progressive news
outlet but anyway despite all of this
people were still thrilled to see Rhonda
return to the classroom last week after
her paid leave it was the first day back
to school for Fresno State professor
Rhonda Gerard
she had been on leave but on Wednesday
she was back escorted by a group of
friends and a community service officer
it was her first day back in Cox an INT
roof eminence fashion when someone dared
question her behavior she threatened to
sue them for harassment move away you
want your fruit or I will move forward
with harassment don't you see you want
to be fair there was at least one
student who did not care for Rhonda
statements we were in a position with so
much weight to it you're expected to act
rather professionally and I do not think
that was professional it's not only that
Rhonda's not professional though it's
also that she's vehemently anti Trump
calling Trump supporting farmers fucking
stupid even though a lot of the farmers
now our Trump supporters and just fuckin
stupid and she also seems to be a pretty
racist against whites if you belong to
either of those groups when you feel
comfortable being graded by someone like
that for campus unmasked I'm Rob from
Jacques if you'd like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
