Melania Trump gets a hard time in the
press and I think it's absolutely
terrible she's an extremely successful
and intelligent woman she speaks five
languages she's elegant she's a
businesswoman she's a legal immigrant
who achieved the American dream and now
she is one of the classiest first ladies
we've ever been blessed to have but none
of that matters none of her terrible
work matters either because Melania has
committed the unforgivable offense of
loving Donald Trump and joy they're of
the view confirm this in a recent CNN
interview where she did nothing but
attack Melania for one thing
her husband Fox reports the view star
joy Bayer says she doesn't believe
people should feel sorry for Melania
Trump in a new interview in which she
not the first lady as well as her
husband appearing on CNN's Van Jones
Show Saturday the 75 year old host
discussed her co-host Megan McCain
speech at her late father's funeral and
commended her on her patriotism
she's land Donald Trump noting that he
only seems to care about himself we've
lost that whole feeling of you know the
great country because of him and I
resented she told the host this is the
smugness of the left first they behaved
like Melania was like a victim or a
prisoner of Trump and now they say that
people shouldn't feel sorry for her well
sorry for what exactly first she was a
victim a poor little woman who couldn't
possibly think for herself and now that
she has stuck by the president through
thick and thin and despite relentless
attacks the left now thinks she should
be punished bares venom for Melania is
amazing and the interview she also
talked about how Melania once came on
her show to hawk jewelry I'm sorry but
isn't that a normal part of business
when you're asked to come on a show
you're usually promoting a brand and a
product and shouldn't female
entrepreneurs be celebrated it seems
that malong is crime means she doesn't
fit into the new feminist world I think
Melania is amazing she's beautiful she's
an incredible mother she's classy in her
dealings with the press and she stood by
the president despite an attack after
attack after attack
she's a good woman and a woman who no
doubt has a positive influence on Donald
as well don't forget that men need
bouncing out by their wives no matter
how smart or powerful they are job they
are and hateful far-left celebrities
should be thankful we have such a strong
woman in the White House if you want to
see more from me and the rest of the
rebel team like and subscribe
you
