this interview you're about to watch is
with anne-marie waters she's the leader
of a political party in the UK called
for Britain she established the party
herself when she was effectively Elstad
from you get by the boys over a
leadership challenge which she very well
could have won please take a moment to
listen to Anne Murray she's labeled a
Nazi and an islamaphobe but I don't
think she's any of those things
see what you think for yourselves thank
you very much for joining me my name is
Katie Hopkins I'm here with rebel TV and
today I'm delighted to be talking to a
Murray leader of four Britain one of the
parties in the UK right now
so thinking about our international
audience our American audience our
Canadian viewers as well tell our
viewers about for Britain if they
haven't heard of it as a party who are
you we are a entire entirely new it's
entirely new it's entirely fresh we are
an entirely new approach to politics in
that we want to tell the truth I would
like to see what happens in politics
when someone stands up and tells it like
it is and when we have a party which
doesn't put on a performance politicians
perform I don't want us to perform I
want us to speak from the heart I want
us to tell the truth I want us to reach
these people who don't vote a third of
this country doesn't vote because
they've lost faith in the building
behind us in the people in the building
behind us we want to change it I want to
change it I want to make it about
principle I'm not saying were Saints but
let's make it about principle let's make
it about the country let's make it about
getting the basics right I think
government's job is to get the basics
right and then leave people alone the
government's are not getting basics
right party up government after
government whether it's labour or
conservative they're not getting the
fundamentals right and that is to
protect this country to be for this
country so I think we're going into a
new era a new a new an entirely new
section of our history something change
is coming and I think we have a
political upheaval in this country now
in terms of brexit for example mass
immigration
and Islam these are three issues I think
that are going to define the next couple
of decades
so for we've all Britain to answer those
questions at party how long have you
been going for we've read about 10
months now 10 months and you're three
you would say the three pillars the
three key things I think they're the
three key issues that are going to
define politics over the next three
decades so to that said brexit
immigration and Islam I really do and I
think because the political elite is
ignoring these issues or giving uniform
politically correct answers to it you
won't get any difference from labor
other Tories on immigration for example
they'll both spell out how wonderful it
is and how it's bought so much wonderful
things to Britain no mention of the
things that not so wonderful that it's
brought to Britain all right someone's
got to talk about that because millions
of people know that immigration has
brought some good of course some good
people have come here but some bad
people have come to some bad cultures
have come some bad ideas have come let
me ask you seven if you're not being a
regular politician you're not being like
all the rest of them over there give me
a sense of this last week of yours what
are you doing that's different how do we
know that you're different to the other
politicians out there well the first
part is that what we talk about that's
the most important part we are reaching
people for example the most common
category of person if you like that is
joining us are people that have never
been involved in politics before and I'm
really glad to say they were getting
people for example we've got an animal
welfare policy so we're getting people
from that area who've never had anyone
really to vote for we're getting people
concerned about Islam are going to keep
people concerned about the EU but in the
way that we're concerned about it I
don't believe that breaks its is going
to happen I don't believe any
appreciable version is going to happen
it certainly won't mean an independent
sovereign Britain I don't think anything
any country will be free until the EU is
gone and I think people are starting to
see that I want to plant a post EU seed
in people's minds because we have to
start thinking of getting rid of the
European Union these are new this is
fresh so the most important thing is
what we're saying and we're not
disguising ourselves we're not going to
be ashamed or dress it up as you know go
around about weigh out an issue go at it
directly go straight at it people are
starved for this I think the American
people for example showed us they were
star
for this Donald Trump one because he
wasn't a politician he wanted to do
something for his country
I want us to be that I want us to be
perceived the same I think we are being
perceived the same and it's all about
truth and trust and if you tell the
truth the electorate will trust you
so I've kind of drawn to this word fresh
you're talking yes because there is this
kind of stagnation this are you know I
feel that there's kind of stale
politicians with their stale rhetoric
and a stale narrative that you can pull
apart in one second I'm drawn to the
word fresh and I like this idea
that you're prepared to talk about
things in a very straight and honest way
so you're not dancing around it so let's
take those three things we talked about
before are the things that will define
Britain in the era to come where does
for Britain stand on brexit if you could
do it it sort of clearly as concisely as
you can absolutely of course we're probe
Reds it of course we want to get out of
there
next March clean break better with a
deal but still we could go without it
but I don't believe it's going to happen
and I don't believe it's going to happen
because there's no way along on the our
side or on the EU side because these are
career politicians this is a political
class they don't like being disrupted by
the people in this way and they won't
want to allow it to happen to set an
example for example to other countries
as well they certainly won't allow it to
happen I think it will be at best years
and years of legal wrangling about this
rule in that room all of it all the
while will still have open borders will
still effectively be member of the EU
and I think people are starting to
understand that this thing was designed
for this it was designed to take away
the power of the nation-state it was
designed to make our elections just
going through the motions that's what
we're doing we need to make people
understand that we need to make people
understand that they have changed Europe
beyond recognition and they don't care
about the damage they're doing I mean if
we see home care home safe that at the
height of the terror attacks in Germany
he said there will be no closing borders
how are we putting up with this what
Britain says it's all down brick see
it's awesome down get out but recognizes
that where we count is down we're not
going anywhere quickly and in the longer
term we need to start thinking of
bringing it down all together because
even if we did get out we would still
have a monster on our doorstep and we
would still have them interfering every
other
in every other decision we make it has
to go okay for britain on Islam tell the
truth I want us to have a public
discussion about wash the Koran teaches
what the hadith teach what who Muhammad
was I want the public told the truth I
want them to told the truth about the
level of FGM for example and I want them
told that yes FGM has got everything to
do with Islam I want them to know that
child marriage comes from Islam I want
them to know that this force myrrh all
these horrible criminal things that we
now have in our country thanks to
immigration the public should know the
truth about this Islam is not a religion
of peace it is very much the opposite
the public need to know the bare facts
and then trust the British public to
decide what to do and I think what
they'll decide what to do is what we're
proposing is we must end immigration
from these societies and then we must
enforce the law Islam must be subject to
the law and not the other way around at
the moment it's the other way around so
would you describe it or frame it up as
a Muslim ban would you frame up their
ban from countries where they practice
Islam how do you frame that up no I
think what we need to do personally I
would like to see us exclude certain
countries but my party recently because
in my party people vote for policy and
they voted instead to take a cultural
approach we want a freeze on immigration
for five years so we can find our feet
it's chaos we don't know who's in this
country we don't got to stabilize it a
five year freeze has to happen and it
doesn't mean he fell closes down and no
one can come as a tourist it means
people moving here has to stop for at
least five years whatever resources go
into facilitation of immigration must be
rerouted to illegal immigration and
finding illegal immigrants we cannot
have this and we shouldn't have senior
ministers condoning illegal immigration
as we've heard from both labor and the
Tories we must get a grip on immigration
but after that culture and compatibility
with our culture must be a criteria to
getting into this country and if you
come into the country and you show you
cannot adapt to our culture you must be
you must be asked to leave and in terms
of the people that your policies are
resounding with in terms of the people
who you feel that are listening to you
you talked about a third of our
electorate doesn't actually vote who are
you finding joining for Britain what are
your numbers
like how are you trying to expand how
are you pulling people towards you
what's that feeling you have what we're
doing practical level is traveling the
country I'm speaking somewhere different
all the time we have difficulties of
course because the anti far-left try to
close us down we have we face lots of
obstacles in that direction and that we
we have to keep venues secret for
example which isn't it's very practical
for us but we persevere but you know
we're getting new branches set up every
week I think we've got a new branch set
up so people are coming they're really
active and I'm proud to say they're
coming from all walks of life we've got
people coming from the Conservatives
from Labour as I came from labour myself
from u-clip but most of all from no
party people who are and I'm really
proud of the fact that we should have
inspired that were different or from no
but inspired people and what you enjoy
your target if you're if you're hearing
about this there's branches so for
Britain branches being set up what's
your target for branches is there a
target number how does it work I haven't
actually thought about a target my
target is everywhere every constituency
in the country to have a for Britain
branch in it that's what I would like to
happen I'm not a fool I'm not you know I
know this is hard work and it's going to
take us some time and we face enormous
obstacles but if I didn't believe we
could do it and I mean really do
something within the next decade I
wouldn't be here I really do think we
can you spoke about obstacles so we
would you know and I would identify with
a number of them of course but so you're
having your venues yeah cancelled or
pulled out from underneath you or even
struggling to book them I'm sure what
about if you have somebody what if I was
thinking or somebody just a regular
person thinking about starting a branch
clearly they're going to have concerns
I'm imagining you already have this
problem concerns about what other people
will think or what their employer will
think how does this work for you if it's
it's it's one of those big obstacles I
mentioned people are frightened and
they're particularly frightened of
losing their jobs and you know it's it's
it's no surprise look at us we're living
in a police state when people come to us
and tell us the police have knocked on
the door and asked them what they're
telling their children yeah we are in a
bruh because they belong to it cuz well
he'd made a video and he was fired well
not fired but he sort of stood stood
down before he was pushed but the
evening of
the police arrived and actually asked
him do you talk to your children about
these things so this is just for clarity
a gentlemen date made of videos rather
and grooming gangs about the brother
employment goats
the police turned up at his door yes
because the video been reported from the
police the people he worked for fo the
police they turned up his door and asked
him what he was teaching her still
whether he was talking to his children
about these things and this is the
Briton we're living in of the secretary
who started off with her she was fired
from her job for having for Britain on
her Facebook page and you know they
treat it like it's some sort of
emergency you know which when she went
to this meeting she was summoned to they
had already packed her stuff into boxes
and escorted her from the building
however having said all of that some
more and more people are not afraid more
and more people are tired of it and you
know we're getting people who are
telling us a few years ago I wouldn't
have done this but I'm just getting so
sick of it now I'm getting sick of the
lies I'm getting sick of this there's
very little to recognize people are it's
very interesting how far you can push
people yes you can push them and push
them and push them I think everybody has
actually I believe everybody has ever
believed everyone has a price I'm not
unrealistic I also believe everyone has
a line and it can eventually and
sometimes that line is very far away and
I'm thinking about my South African
friends who are at the point where they
say I will die in my boots I will shed
blood for my land I will not lead so
they've made that ultimate commitment
that no one's going to move them off
their land and they'll die there but we
owe and that is their line I'm not
leaving and I think we all have this
line and increasingly as we go about
Britain we find people whose line they
get they've got to that point we have
elderly people who write to us and say
you know that they they've lost all
faith in their country so is that sort
of part of what you were about kind of
trying to give people something to
almost hold on to absolutely I want to
take the best of Britain and bring it
forward because I said we're going into
a new era I want it to be a for Britain
I want us to be in this new era for
Britain people as you say particularly
older people don't recognize Britain
anymore I don't recognise Britain
anymore it's changed dramatically in the
last 20 years even in the last 10 years
I want us to grab back a
of what we've lost the British sense of
humor even has been has been no diluted
down where we're frightened can't squash
where you know people don't feel free
they're afraid to express an opinion
they're afraid to express a fact we need
to get that free Britain back we need to
get that humorous Britain back we need
to get that relaxed fun Britain back
it's just as I I don't know if you feel
it too there's a tension and I think
it's all over Europe and I think people
are increasingly feeling it and they're
starting to push back but we want
Britain to still exist
in 50 years time if we can achieve that
the Britain we know and love if we can
get it back and preserve it for the next
generation that's the aim that's what I
want to do a free Britain that looks
like Britain that feels like Britain and
that has this flag fly you're history
you haven't just come out of nowhere in
ten months the party's new ten months
old it's a baby but you haven't come out
of nowhere you didn't just wake up alone
and go right I'm going to start for
Britain you came from Labour so
effectively the Democrats you came from
the left what are you doing over here
now some people would say you're right
over there some people say you're follow
wrong wait you're a Nazi you're right
all the stuff so how have you made your
journey over to the right-hand side of
things from Labour a few reasons part of
it was just growing up and realizing
that you've got to look after your you
know you you're gonna save the world
look after your own if everyone looked
after the wrong we know that place a
part of it is just growing up but part
of it was that the Labour Party did
change and you could see that extreme
left isn't coming even back when I was
in it I could see that direction that
sort of pro-palestinian left you know
the kind we're taking over meetings and
people were afraid to say what they
thought getting rid of candidates
against the nominee
they're getting rid of the very last
couple of principled MPs they've got
this is they completely taken over at me
you could see that coming ten years ago
but there was principal things as well
the the the jihad' Association of the
Labour Party the Islamization of the
Labour Party and that they were siding
no they pretended to be women's rights
campaigners and they were allowing
Sharia and defending Sharia and I
thought who are these people
how can i this is a stage show they're
putting on
show behind-the-scenes they don't
actually care that much like combination
of that but I had to go I don't see I
don't the political life is not an easy
one some people want a political career
for its own sake I don't understand
those people say it's the worst job the
worst job I ever had but they're
actually alright at it so they can't
stop doing it I mean you recently stood
an election you performed if I may say
horribly it was a horrible result you
got like 1% Oh same 7th whatever correct
me correct me but how do you how do you
say okay despite that I still believe we
can go somewhere so tell me how you
reconcile that this was never going to
it's not going to happen overnight you
have to be grown-up about it you have to
look at history and see the projection
of things it's not going it would be
great it would be a fairy tale but it's
not going to happen Louis sure my person
would have liked to have done better but
never expected to miss an area yeah but
look we were never going to do
particularly well I would have liked to
do better but what it did show me that
was a real shift to the left
in Lewisham because all the lefty
parties did well the Liberal Democrats
came second for example rather than the
Tories and but there was also a collapse
in the labor vote which was interesting
but let's not focus on that if you're
going to focus on where the things that
don't go well then you're not going to
get very far I'm focus actually on how
well we did in the May local elections
where we were three weeks in from for
registration and in one seat or another
we beat long-established parties that's
what I found was and that's why I talk
to members about of course things are
gonna go wrong of course you're gonna
get failures but focus on what you quite
like that idea about you know let's be
grown-up about this the thing I wanted
to ask you about now I was always a you
know I'm a big believer that on our side
of the political equation on the vaguely
on the right center wherever you
position yourself I see myself as a
libertarian as long as you do what
you're supposed to do you don't
interfere too much with anyone else I'm
a big supporter and I will support
anybody on our line so I've always been
in support whether publicly or otherwise
the thing that will really annoyed me
about the way that you would
it was you work for a long time part of
you Kip to an American audience Nigel
Farage's party I don't know why I do
this man of the people man of the people
Nigel brush I get called the female
Faraj I have cleaner team the thing that
really annoyed me is there was a
leadership challenge for UK right I know
Joe Farraj had left he put down the
baton before we got over the finishing
line for brexit which is like running a
relay race but really badly so he put
down the baton and left us there without
delivering bricks it and we all wondered
what to do and looked around and then
you put yourself up correct for correct
me if I'm wrong for the leadership of
the party you Kip to take over from
Nigel and I was like what I think
amory might get it you had a I think a
large sort of there was a popular
following that you had in UK I think you
were seen as a real contender tell me
what went on oh gosh there was an
organized campaign against me from the
top and that top is still there yes I'm
told that Nigel for hours was largely
the orchestrator of it I certainly know
that there were meetings arranged again
they treat it like it's an emergency
emergency meeting how do we stop her
from winning I read in the press you
know senior party officials essentially
saying we're only letting her stand so
she can lose and we can make a point and
we can humiliate her you don't do that
to someone in the leadership contest of
your party and you stood you'd
represented you kit before you've been a
candidate before you correct you had
just arrived there no I was a
parliamentary candidate in Lewisham
same seat in 2015 claim third did well I
was deselected from the same seat in
2017 Paul Nuttall was the leader at this
point and the day after I was selected
he deselected me didn't tell me by the
way I read about it on YouTube daily I
still haven't been told that I host he
selected and told the paper said I would
simply bit my views on Islam made him
uncomfortable well let's let's discuss
it let's be unanswerable to the people
let's discuss it that's it that's
another thing uncomfortable so you know
we won't talk about things that make you
uncomfortable yet you're trying to lead
it you're asking to lead a country but
you won't talk about
some of our some of our most sincere
truths in the UK and globally are
uncomfortable Zach Lavine is closest to
the truths and that that is a physically
threatening sometimes environment but
you have to be uncomfortable at times to
tell the truth they think well if you're
asking to lead a country you certainly
do you know yeah that's what you're
asking the people must let me lead this
country but I won't talk about that
because it makes me a bit uncomfortable
yeah so as an outsider an observer of
what went on essentially I watched the
boys wrangle you out of contention as
leader really by writing articles for
Raj did saying it would be a Nazi Party
under you correct me if I'm wrong they
maneuvered so that you wouldn't be seen
at 18 of their MEP threatened to resign
if you were leader there was a
coordinated campaign to remove you as a
potential really or have any potential
of winning yeah and instead of you
winning you came second correct yes 21%
yeah her vote yeah yes they put in who
Henry Bolton Henry Bolton now let's have
a little less Madeleine and Katie
thought like I know where Henry yes
let's say what did Henry do for the
party he had an affair with his
secretary was it I'm not sure what she
is she was left his wife who just had a
baby had she no age so we read he really
was a just came from nowhere no one knew
who he was an irrelevant kind of not
very what he reminded me of he did come
out May came in late and for the first
few events I didn't worry about it I'm
actually forgot about it yeah well I use
very easy because it's really quite dull
I saw the job major buchen know he's the
most boring man I've ever seen apart
from somehow being sexually alluring to
some young woman which I never really
understood no but my point here is it's
not to indulge in the past because as
you say we don't have it back we look
forwards there's an outside observer I
think what people won't necessarily be
aware of is the way that you were
treated by you Kip the way that you were
treated by Faraj and others and the way
that you were treated in because they
preferred a candidate who destroy told
he would do what he was told but
destroyed you kids got wiped out in the
elections under Henry bolte so he was
Ferrara's recommend they was four hours
man
he was the boys choices big very well I
don't think for it was the boys choice
and you can't destroyed themselves under
him I think sometimes that's the story
that's not told they're too busy calling
you a Nazi to recognize that actually at
any level if you want to talk about the
fair and equal treatment of women if you
want to talk about acting in a
professional manner
none of those courtesies were applied to
I mean I don't I don't know what it was
maybe might the level of support I heard
they didn't want to face that they had
because and they wanted to drive us all
out of you give I think that was clear
to not deal with the issue I still think
a large part is not dealing with what
you're saying I was embarrassing them
with the truth and that was what Paul
natl was so uncomfortable about I was
embarrassing I was showing up the
lameness of their arguments on these
things I'm just giving something
stronger and they wanted to silence and
it worries me about you Kipp now as a
party is it is a boys club again it's a
lot of boys I'm struggling to find a
woman that I can relate to so tell me as
in your role it's not easy doing what
you do being called far right being
called a Nazi being called a race
whatever you're being called for Britain
being seen as the enemy people being
fired from their job for belonging why
do you do what you do when do you ever
wake up in the morning pick out right
stuff this sword this I can pick a much
easier life by my default option keeping
chickens do you know you're not far off
the mark about the keeping chickens
every single day of my life it passes
through my mind what have I done what
have I done with my life I could have
been I really want I love animals I'm a
big animal person you're vegan as well
yeah I don't know she would be good I
know I usually hate Vigo there's a lot
of us joining us be suspicious no jiving
the priority I quite like you but anyway
you like animals shoot your Vika so that
was when I often think I should've my
life would have been much more peaceful
you know so yes it's hot it's not a nice
life it has a nice element so of course
it does but wait you I cannot bear the
idea that in 30 40 years time my beloved
Britain will be on its knees to Islam I
Barrett before a totalitarian state with
Islam as the religion if you could write
it when you wake up and you think what
am i doing why have I done this what are
you silly silly woman what am i doing
when you can't walk probably along
because you worry if someone will say
something to you or maybe shout at you
we'll talk about that what what would
you have done moe I bet you would have
bit of it when I was a kid I've always
had a huge affinity with animals that's
what I would have done now let's go
let's say we were going to walk out of
here not both of us together that really
might stop the traffic but or maybe no
one would care actually what if you were
to walk about maybe not Westminster but
in a certain place how would you do
people recognize you that people are
people welcoming to you do you ever get
grief in the street this is something I
get asked a lot how does it work for you
I do get recognized it usually Pleasant
usually people are okay people sometimes
think you work at the local hospital no
no I haven't been I know I do I do I
haven't had anything particularly
unpleasant yet I've had death threats by
email I've had the police at my house
too so check whether I haven't had a
street in case particularly unpleasant
dirt and I don't have that either so
things people imagine I think they might
yeah people don't really get they do
people come up to you some time and say
positive things absolutely
absolutely all the time yeah it's a
funny thing isn't it that people don't
believe that either so people will come
and shake your hand and go gone yeah
like how do I do that but go on let me
ask you something else I wanted to ask
so in terms of your death threats all of
that that's kind of standard yam you get
used to it and your philosophical
ability and I am full of self a little
bit I don't spend my day worrying a bit
I am obviously secure and I do have
bodyguards when I'm outside well spent
know if I'm speaking on an outdoor rally
and sometimes I didn't darling if you go
about now you would not gonna you just
quietly go about yourself oh I can't
afford that quite yet no no I know but I
actually believe security is a
peripheral item often and I also believe
that people have it as a vanity there is
a valency towards having security
because you believe and you quite enjoy
the attention of it I've seen other
people in our domains that enjoy the
security they enjoy the whole element
in front of movies enjoy that and
security it's boys enjoyed that more
than girls do actually let me ask you
about I wanted to know whether people
think that you're smaller in real life
probably I think I think it's not even
said to me once but I think it's usually
the case is you look big on screen and
then when people say that more bass so
people would say you're really small and
then sometimes people go oh you're quite
disappointingly small but I'm like Jesus
but actually what they mean I think is
that because you're this on paper or in
in The Guardian or on the mirror whether
far-right Nazi you're kind of you but
almost are portrayed as this monster yes
so something when they see you you're
just this squeaky little person I mean
you're not a squeaky little person right
but you're small yes I am yeah yeah yeah
people do it has been said to me and yes
I suspect people think she's smaller
than that they usually do it with people
they only see on screen the happiest you
can be if you think about politics all
your regular life it what's the happiest
thing so for me I'm just thinking I've
come here from a caravan holiday with my
kids yesterday I was surfing on a body
board in the Atlantic with my children
like that's very me we were drying socks
in our bathroom with a little line I
made that's very much Who I am when we
think of who you are you know what
what's who who's who are you behind all
of therefore Brits and defending England
from Islam all of that who's what's you
is your favorite thing I'm quite I like
quiet I in my 20s I did a lot of
partying but now I'm 40 I like my life a
little bit quieter I'm happiest at home
in tracksuit with the dogs I look
walking my dogs is when I feel most
peaceful and I can't even I can't
describe their happiness my dog I can't
look at them without smiling and when
you have a sort of dark lifestyle as I
do when something just makes you smile
you want to be around that something and
so my I'm happiest at home with my dogs
I think but obvious I wouldn't want to
be there all the time
no exactly otherwise should just being
crazy lady okay and we're all engage
with that but is there do you think
there's something about
that that joins many of us from wherever
side of any politics you're on or even
just in life if you're someone that has
a regular job six or seven days a week
maybe working night shifts there's an
animal thing there's a thing about
dialing into animals or animal vines or
there's something about a relief from
the world we currently live in that's
that's very noisy very aggressive very
loud we all need a little secret thing
to hold on to do you think that's true
absolutely absolutely that piece we need
to find a place if we can only find ten
minutes peace every day we should
because we need a piece I mean the world
is chaos and just a bit of time not to
think just a bit of mindfulness it's
known as I'd like I meditate and I find
that very peaceful
is it a weird idea that's a meditating
vegan Nazi no there you go I don't
people don't know what to make of me and
I think that's part of one of the
reasons a lot of there because I get
criticism from all angles you seem to
quite know where to put me no they don't
because I'm a I'm very much I'm a
nationalist and open one very much
nation state I love this country I'd die
for it I love the flag and of the
traditions
I love old freedoms I love you know I
love the elderness I love you're not
necessarily a bold Christian I'm not a
Christian I'm not I was raised a
Christian but I think I probably
describe myself as closer to agnostic I
don't know no and I'm happy not and
you're not aggressively straight knowing
me I'm aggressively straight I collect
husband's for a living that's not you
you don't sit it I'm just meaning you
don't sit in a box so if you think Nazi
people put you in a certain box you're
not sitting in that box are you crazy
it's crazy I mean we're pro-israel and
I'm one of the few party leaders to
really challenge the anti-semitism to
really speak out about how is it's it's
it's all way and it's 1984 you know with
I'm the I'm the one protesting against
this grotesque cruelty I think that so
interesting as well is people almost
want to simplify everything so if you
have a leader a political party you want
to simplify them so Faraj right Dave bad
teeth until he got them white and
recently he's had a bit of a vanity
moment
simple message right man-of-the-people
raro despite being City trade or
whatever Boris
silly hair crazy intelligent rarrrr
Johnson's Johnson's so simplified
simplified it's not a me
gobby annoying cow bag over opinionated
big nose are Boris's hair week it's very
hard to put do that to you you don't you
don't have that identity we can't easily
imagine you I'm sure it is in some ways
but otherwise it's important to be just
effectively yeah it really is very
important and I could have I could have
hidden certain parts of myself like the
animal thing or like you know I could
have really liked the meditation any of
it that sort of mean that's a degree in
poetry you know I could have sort of
hidden all that presented the characters
right wing that's people probably
expected me to be and a goose stepping
down the pavement lived in advantage but
you've got to be the whole idea is being
authentic and personally I don't want to
give up every bit of myself either but I
also think politically it's the answer I
think at this stage honesty from a
constituency and maybe a bit of
complexity that requires a level of
attention from your audience to
understand you and I think that's what
maybe many of us asked for politely from
people who who were kind enough to
engage with us in the way that I want to
engage with you is to ask for a little
bit of attention sufficient to look
beyond what they might imagine someone
to be that's my view now I want to end
at some point because I was I talk to
you forever but who in the end on I'm
sure you get this - I get it emails from
old people elderly people 80 year olds
50 year olds actually a 16 year old the
other day - which is shocking saying
they don't belong anymore they don't see
a future for themselves the very old
ladies and gentlemen that humor me that
they see and that they will die soon and
that's a good thing because they don't
want to be around to see this country
fall and those are hard emails to get
hard to talk about and they're hard to
respond to but what I do think it we do
bring is a message of her
you know this sense of don't worry there
are others of you out there and so
that's that was kind of what I was
thinking in terms of what would your
message be what is what is it you say
its people in terms of trying to give
them something to hold on to or some
idea of hope when it one thing it seemed
quite dark where it has to be the entire
message has to be hope and it has to be
positive it's not over we have enormous
enormous problems but if we're talking
about saving Britain the Britain we know
let's remember 85% of this country is
still native British we only have a
small percentage wise people causing
problems are causing huge problems but
they're a small percentage and I
honestly believe that the majority is
with us I really believe it that silent
majority is with us we're fair were
common sense there's nothing radical or
strange about what we're saying it's it
sort of appeals to the innate sense of
fairness that people have and we are the
majority and people in the ten years
I've been doing this people have become
more and more brave more and more aware
and more and more Pro Britain they've
fallen in love with the country again a
lot of people have fallen in love with
the country again because they've been
faced with losing it and their will that
will continue the snowball is now
rolling down the hill and it's a Pro
Britain snowball and it will grow and
grow and grow we can save this country
we can and those people who sacrificed
in World War two who are still with us
we will do it for them and we will do it
for the 16 year old who is afraid of the
future it has to be done we have two
options we either fight for this country
we love or we give it up most of us will
fight for it we will push and push and
push and persevere I will not let this
country go without a fight and we are
the majority there is always hope we
have it a memory leader or for Britain
thank you very much for joining very
much Katie
you
you
