a quintessentially American company like
Levi's jeans is supporting some pretty
anti-american causes I'll tell you all
about it coming up today on the
Hollywood conservative for the rebel
people use the phrase she's as American
as apple pie
he's as American as baseball American as
blue jeans blue jeans as long as they're
not Levi's Levi's jeans might be on
their way to my boycott list although it
won't really inconvenience me all that
much I don't really wear jeans very
often for me it's either a suit or
sweatpants I don't have a whole lot of
casual options in between even when I do
these videos it's waist up I'm like the
fashion equivalent of a mullet business
on the top and pajamas on the bottom but
Levi's apparently learned nothing from
Nike Dick's Sporting Goods the NFL and
many other companies who have come out
as supporters of anti American values
remember how much everyone freaked out
for a few days over the fact that fast
food chain in and out donated $25,000 to
the GOP well multiply that by 40 on
Tuesday Levi Strauss and company
announced that they will begin a gun
control campaign to the tune of a
million dollars it's an initiative to
restrict Second Amendment rights
including the formation of a group
called Everytown business leaders for
gun safety every town does that name
sound familiar it should
Levi's is partnering with every town the
anti Second Amendment organization
spearheaded by Michael Bloomberg in a
column for Fortune magazine Levi's CEO
chip Berg said this as business leaders
with power in the public and political
arenas we simply cannot stand by
silently when it comes to the issues
that threaten the very fabric of the
communities where we live and work while
taking a stand can be unpopular with
some doing nothing is no longer an
option and he went on to say that he
doesn't suggest we repeal the Second
Amendment or to suggest that gun owners
aren't responsible but there are some
weapons nobody should be allowed to own
and that some people shouldn't be a
to own any weapons but his gun control
agenda does not stop there Levi's will
double the amount it matches for
employees donations to gun control
groups aligned with the fund and would
pay employees their salary up to 60
hours for political activism supporting
gun control groups so I'm not saying you
should boycott them but I'm sure that
there are a lot of gun toting Levi's
wearing Americans out there who will
probably switch to Wrangler I certainly
would
thanks for watching everybody hope you
have a fantastic weekend I'm Amanda head
the Hollywood conservative for the rebel
if you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us here at the
rebel subscribe to our premium content
at WWWE do forward slash shows make sure
you're following us on Facebook and
Twitter for all of our latest news and
download our new app for the rebel media
on the App Store that way you will have
instant access to all of our latest
videos and your favorite rebel shows
