oh hi it's September 7th I'm Ezra Levant
and you're watching battleground
oh hi folks it's a battleground every
Friday we have a little live chat on
something called Google super chat and
I'm so casual this Friday I took my
jacket off I don't mean to scare anybody
with you but that's what's going on here
um we've got a lot to talk about just a
reminder of what super chat is because I
wasn't here last week my friends Sheila
gun Reid and David Menzies did it is
it's live and you can make live comments
as usual on the right hand side of the
screen
about what super chat is is if you chip
in a couple of bucks your comment is
made in a bright highlighted color that
I can see out of the corner of my eye
and it's appended also to the top of the
little box there so not only will every
other chatterbox see it but I will too
and I make a point of reading the
highlighted ones because as you may know
this is a revenue source for the rebel
we get to keep I think it's 70% of the
dough from the super chats Google takes
the other 30% which I suppose is fair
speaking of YouTube
we just got our million subscriber
plaque can you put up the b-roll of me
unpack in that thing we don't have to
have the sound on tape for that but I
would never have imagined that we could
get a million subscribers on YouTube now
of course we don't get paid for these
subscribers it's something like they're
subscribing to our pay wall our pay wall
is eight bucks a month people get the
premium shows that's notthat imagine
having a million people paying 8 bucks a
month that's that would be I mean that's
not quite Netflix huge but that would be
quite something no we don't get paid but
it's a proxy for the depth and breadth
of our support the fact that a million
people not only want to see our stuff
but actually sign up so they get know if
about it it's pretty cool and I just
want to show you what that looked like
that it's rolled at any time to be roll
it was sort of neat we got the hundred
thousand subscriber plaque that's the
one there you can see it's sort of nice
but it's not much bigger than an eight
and a half by eleven piece of paper and
it's silver in color so that's me
reading the hundred thousand subscriber
plaque that we got we only got that a
few months ago actually but skip ahead
near the end there where I feel right so
there look at that look at that I think
it's four times as big I didn't measure
it but if I'm comparing it to paper
that's like an 11 by 17 piece of paper
how big that is
that's the million subscriber plaque and
I've seen these unboxing videos on you
think that's good enough I on YouTube
where people unbox stuff they buy and I
never understood why they were popular
okay your unboxing the box was sort of
cool but what was fun was not the
unboxing but that we had earned that I
mean anyone can buy be on Amazon and
have it given to you but we earned this
and you earned it
really by being amongst the million
what's interesting is that many of our
viewers are still not subscribers so
we're being discovered every day by it
by people so what we do on Fridays you
know we used to do the battleground
every single day but I just simply could
not sustain that because I'm traveling
again a little bit more than I did
I was in fact in London for a day this
week where I met up with Tommy Robinson
and it was good to actually I mean I saw
him the day he was released from prison
you may recall so it's been it's been
just over a month he was released if
memory serves on August first and I saw
him just hours after he was out of
prison I got to tell you he did not look
good that day he told me that when he
went into prison
he was about a hundred and ninety pounds
and he's not and was muscled like his
even his boxer right he's pretty muscley
and when he got out he was about a
hundred and fifty pounds I couldn't
believe it when I saw him anyways I saw
him again on Tuesday and actually we had
lunch it was really nice to see him and
he's put on about ten pounds it's just
good he still is you know and he's
obviously been sleeping better he should
be on a real bad spending a lot of time
with his family he really hasn't
reengaged fully yet and on his mind of
course is the court case as you recall
the Court of Appeal victory on August
1st the quash the original contempt of
court charges against him and freed him
from prison and utterly rebuked the
trial judge regrettably has commanded
that Tommy appear for another contempt
of court hearing that was originally
scheduled for September 4th but now it's
been scheduled for September 27th and so
on his mind is that trial as you can
imagine and I will be going out there
again for that trial unless of course
it's delayed again that's something I
don't understand I mean I'm trained as a
lawyer in Canada I went to law school
you've a practice law firm not that many
years and I've retired but I haven't
done lawn for a decade but I know enough
about Canadian law you don't be a lawyer
know this we all know this in Canada
that if the prosecution delays and
delays and delays and delays your case
you can have your criminal matter
thrown out because we have a
constitutional right to a speedy trial
and if it's a reasonable delay the court
will say alright but if it's
unreasonable the judge will act the
course will actually say to the
prosecution tough luck tough luck if you
actually cared about this you would have
brought it to Toronto because we don't
want the stigma of a court case hanging
over someone improperly long we don't
want facts to be forgotten we know
there's a lot of reasons why why justice
must be swift it it shouldn't be hasty
but remember tommy was arrested for his
comments on May 25th
and it is September already and there's
not it's not a complicated case he said
certain things is it contemptuous of
court or not the fact that it's he's not
actually going to have a hearing till
it's he June July August September for
months it's absurd I will be out there
again and I guess that's just under
three weeks from now and hopefully Tommy
he'll be even better it's it was really
nice to see him actually and he's
getting his energy back and he's sharp
and I'm not I'm not saying he's four I
mean it's not physically recovered yeah
you can't lose 40 pounds in ten weeks
without that just rock you and the
psychological abuse he was subjected to
at the hands of the prison if it were
anyone else in the United Kingdom I
should tell you there would be a
parliamentary additional inquiry I can
assure you of that
anyways that's a little ramble on my
part I didn't even mean to get into the
tummy story other than I'm explaining
why I cannot do these daily chit chats
which I've really enjoyed every day
because for example I mean and by the
way to go to the UK from Toronto that's
a seven hour flight each way and then
you got to go to your Airport time and
you know Heathrow to London is an hour
each way so you know even though I was
only in London for ten hours it took me
about 24 hours to get there
including my time there so it's my point
to you is that's why I can't do these
things daily but I like doing them on
Fridays so thank you for that so it's
it's only twelve oh wait I've got a few
things I'm gonna show you if if the mood
that moves me I have some some images
some little vids things I've been
following but I do like the banter
I like the questions I like the comments
sometimes I like the jokes
so I'm just gonna take a minute I'm
going to go through the comments on the
chat box there and I'm really enjoying
not wearing a jacket because when you're
the boss or I have a boss you don't have
to wear a jacket if you don't want to on
Fridays you know for some reason I was
just thinking back when I ran the
Western Standard I was a publisher of a
little magazine
about a dozen years ago called the
Western standard we had 40,000
subscribers that was you know the
internet was starting to really pick up
then I mean he was the absolute worst
time possible imagine starting a
magazine in 2004 you know the Internet
is growing but you're not quite sure
what it's going to do and you know of
course it devastated the entire industry
I guess it would be crazier to start a
print magazine in 2018 but 2004 was a
rough time to do it but I was the
publisher of the Western standard from
2004 until its demise three and a half
years later and I was just thinking you
know on the boss the boss or a
teeny-tiny magazine while I was the boss
and I remember we had an event at Conrad
blacks house and this was when he was at
the height of his empire with Hollinger
and so there he is the mighty Conrad
black tycoon who had newspapers in
Jerusalem in London and all across
Canada he had interests around the world
and I had the teeny tiny Western
Standard magazine but we were both
skippers of our ships and I felt so I
thought it was very funny though I mean
it's true you can be the captain of it
of a canoe and you're as much the
captain of the canoe as the captain of a
mighty battleship you're both captains
and so I am indeed the captain of the
rebel and so if I don't want to wear my
jacket I don't have to let's read some
comments now Tammy says hello hi Tammy
l mana says hi everyone's just saying
hello Mike choice I'm from the UK but
currently staying in the USA and I can't
believe how biased against Trump the US
media is oh well if you think that's bad
at least they've got fox news at least
they've got talk radio and at least they
have some robots T and and ad sites
whether it's breitbart.com The Daily
Caller is excellent you know I mean the
Drudge Report is very important
Rush Limbaugh the biggest thing in radio
is very conservative so America at least
there is the other side of the story
not so much in Canada and even worse in
in the UK I see Ingrid and Kay Warner
has chipped in five bucks for super Chet
that's what it does I know if you
see that so her comment is in bright
green and it's appended to the top of
the box there so I just popped right up
and I saw it immediately Ingrid says
math scores in Ontario dropped over five
years in standardized testing yet people
are still freaking out over it sex ed
thoughts well let me tell you as as a
dad with kids in the school system it is
absolutely appalling how bad the schools
are here and you know it's not much
better in the private system because
you're still following the awful
curriculum and you're still subject to
the kooky theories and the peer
pressure's and this new style of
teaching you know and the variety of
schools where kids have been to you know
you have pajama day and sports day and
all these days so I keep saying let me
know when there's a math day or a
spelling day they never have them you
know I remember the first I don't get me
straight you know I better stop there
because if I if I keep talking about if
I keep talking about schools I'm it's
gonna take up the whole hours yeah it's
awful Ontario has the dumbest and most
expensive schools in Canada I'm not
gonna say in all of North America
because I'm sure there are examples of
it being worse but they're pretty bad
Jonathan Bryan says Dave and Sheila were
great give him a live show you know what
I actually went back and I watched it
because they had a banter didn't they
they had the banter they had the
back-and-forth and they obviously like
each other in fact I was the pleasure of
being with both of them this summer when
we went to Israel and I don't think they
had actually ever spent any time
together because she'll of course holds
the fort for us in Alberta and David's
based here in Toronto so uh I think they
didn't really know each other even
though they've been colleagues for for a
few years but I think they're sort of
chummy and I think it came across they
had that fun banter
I mean I wear banner a lot but that that
really was what it was was then
panzerkampfwagen four out of something
please talk about chemnitz Chemnitz is a
town or a city in Germany where Muslim
migrants have murdered Germans now that
happens all across Europe and it's
actually coming to North America
but I think it hits a tipping point in
Chemnitz I don't know if we can call up
some b-roll of the protests and chemnitz
including the very interesting protests
where people were the large placards can
we get some b-roll of that so it's uh I
think it's in Saxony I don't know my
German geography that well but people
just had enough they've had enough of
the murders and there is this one
actually if you can get one sound on
tape
Alex I tweeted it it was some regular
guy some middle-aged German guy who was
explaining he can't even take his his
family into the town square anymore he
can't even go to the street downtown
because Muslim migrants shout out to any
undercover women uncovered women wanna f
uck 1f u s-- like it's just so the
threats of rape the invitations to rape
give me the b-roll of the protests if
you can give me the gimme that I I would
have retweeted that theater you could
probably find find it pretty quick under
voice of Europe on Twitter I just want
to show the thousands and thousands of
severely normal Germans with their
protests and the police response was
huge massive paramilitary riot squads
and my first thought was why don't you
use that massive military riot squad
business to stop the invasion of
unvetted unrestricted unfiltered
migration like why don't you deploy your
German military against invaders why are
you deploying it against German citizens
but what was also telling and if we can
find the clip will show it to you is how
the media has become a target for the
protesters because the media I mean in
the States you do something conservative
in your call
alt-right in the UK they use the phrase
far right so here's they have pictures
this is one of the protests and the
police okay that I think those are yeah
those are the riot police look at that
they're coming in with their and you can
see the headline there on RT politicians
called for the aft party to be monitored
for extremism so the German government
says let us now look at this see these
are people who have been murdered look
at these silent protests these are all
people who have been murdered or raped
the AFT is an insurgent party called
alternative for Deutschland and they're
concerned about mass Muslim migration
and so did you see that little banner
there on RT that said the government
wants to spy on them that's not a good
look for Germany the country that had
the Stasi and the Gestapo it's not a
good look to be discussing spying on
political minorities this is that a good
look so that's Chemnitz and of course
the media denounces it as my part I was
going to say before the clip came up was
they call Canadians and Americans alt
right they call Brits far-right in
Germany they call them neo-nazis those
protesters didn't look like neo-nazis to
me they look like mums and dads who are
sick of their kids being murdered on the
altar of diversity alright let's let's
keep on looking at some of the con the
comments here oh yes that's right
Rami tobon s'en says yep I'd love to go
on that cruise with Katie and Tommy can
we call up we have a little short promo
vid for the cruise I think I saw it on
Twitter I don't know if it's on a
YouTube page but I forgot to mention
this why don't you go do I'd like to
find that clip it's probably on YouTube
I know for sure it's been on Twitter did
I tell you I mentioned the Israel trip
that David and Sheila and I and Katie
Hopkins went on with I think it was
sixty one of our most enthusiastic
viewers a really fun trip wasn't just
fun it was very educational
we met with lots of officials we met
with a member of the Knesset that's
Israeli Parliament we went to an air
show sorry it wasn't an air show it was
the graduation of the Israel Air Force
pilots Academy and so yeah they had an
air show but it was the graduation the
Prime Minister reserved the president
was there the Defense Minister there we
were the only people there who weren't
friends or family of the graduates was
amazing we went right down to stearic
which is a town right near Gaza that all
the attacks commit so it was a great
trip sixty-one people came with us to
Israel we are doing another trip now to
Europe let me no money when we have that
video and this one is in Eastern Europe
it's a riverboat cruise on the Danube
River now we've done cruises before the
rebel and the Sun News Network and even
at the Western Standard in the Caribbean
in the Pacific Ocean and also we did a
cruise up to Alaska those are fun but
the thing about big boat cruises there's
two things about three things about them
first is they're huge boats
give me one style call for that clip and
one sec but let me just finish my my
point about the cruise we've done the
past in the past we've gone on these big
cruise lines usually Hall in America so
they've got like 1,800 people on the
boat so our group would be a hundred two
hundred three hundred but we would be a
small group within the larger boat so we
wouldn't have the boat to ourselves
secondly you're at sea for a few days
like you do the Caribbean cruise it's a
week-long but there's two or three days
where you just bored you're just at sea
cuz you're just going between islands
there's no port and the third thing
obviously is that you're susceptible to
political interference we had booked a
Caribbean cruise last winter but some
alt left trolls managed to scare off
Norwegian Cruise Line from having us so
what we've done this year is we have
booked an entire boat now obviously it's
not this huge hall in America style 1800
person
cruise ship it's actually only 68 cabins
which means you know there's not going
to be more than a hundred and twenty
people on the boat because some people
will have cabbage systems so so there's
probably gonna be a hundred and twenty
of us max wouldn't surprise me if
there's only a hundred of us we have the
whole boat to ourselves as private I
have a letter from the owner of the ship
the owner saying you will not be d
platformed I promise you
so we've chartered the whole boat and
because we're not on the high seas we're
not going between islands were on a
river so you're never bored officially
you can look out your window the whole
time and see things and you stop and all
the time in port cities and we stop and
we get out and we go into the town and
we you know any without further to do
let me show you a little ad we put
together for this boat take a look
I didn't hear any was there any vocals
there which is just the soundtrack on
that there was or wasn't yeah there was
okay I didn't hear min later so what do
you think of those images what do you
think of those gorgeous gorgeous is can
you go to rebel cruise calm and put the
map on go - we got this website rebel
and I know I'm talking about this a lot
but I want to let you know we you see
those four people we had this the map so
we still be flying to Munich Germany we
go to Regensburg I've never been there
that's on the river and you can say we
see we sail a couple of cities then we
go to Lynne's milk I don't even know
these places Vienna so you can see we're
actually we're going to a lot of
different places Vienna obviously one of
the most beautiful cities in the world
we've brought a Slava in Slovakia I've
never been there and Budapest Hungary
that's where Viktor Orban is and Austria
is where Sebastian kurz is and Germany
is where that alternative for
Deutschland party is so these countries
Slovakia these are the countries that
are on the leading edge of dealing with
the mass migration that is transforming
the traditional culture of and
demographics of Europe so not only do we
want to go and see do you want to scroll
up the page just to show the other
things here so it's June 9th is the 16th
it's Daniel Pipes me and Katie Hopkins
and we've got Tommy Robinson on - in
fact we should get Tommy's picture on
there but he's coming and he said he
wants to bring his missus take a break
so he's coming in so our guests I'm
happy to have Munn we've got the monarch
Empress yeah scroll down a bit the
scroller keep scrolling the boat itself
is pretty cool if you want to see more
go to go to the website itself you can
see a little hint of what the boat is
like there there's our itinerary the
different cities we go to
the boats gonna be good anyways thanks
thanks for your going through that I
should tell you we have we haven't even
really pushed this we've only started to
talk about it and it's almost half sold
so if you are interested you should go
to rebel cruise comm and poke around
I'll tell you the prices start it's not
cheap it's not cheap because it's a
gorgeous tour you got to get to Europe
and it's a fundraiser for the rebel - I
forgot to mention that so we pay for the
boat but we we tack on a few hundred
bucks per cabin because that's how so
forget 68 cabins that's it we're gonna
make money off this it's one of the
things we do to live because we don't
get head ups from the government or
we're not financed from any big
corporations so if you wonder what the
price is it's not cheap it's it starts
at 3500 bucks US per person so that is
not cheap but I think it's going to be
the trip of a lifetime I have never been
to Budapest I've never been anywhere in
Slovakia anywhere in Hungary I've been
to Vienna Austria gorgeous city I
haven't been to Regensburg Germany and
you're you're coming along with Daniel
Pipes Katie Hopkins myself
Tommy Robinson and we will be meaning
with local political activists and
leaders I don't want to reveal names yet
we're still making organizational plans
for who we will meet with but it is my
goal that when we're in Hungary we'll
meet with people from Viktor orbán's
government it's my goal that when we
were in Austria we meet with people from
sebastian curses government people from
alternative for Deutschland when we're
in Germany not just politicians so I
don't want just politicians other people
with their finger on the pulse of what's
going on in those countries so this is a
vacation this is an education this is
touring this is hanging out on the boat
just with the hundred of us in the bar
in the lounge whatever I think it's
gonna be amazing
I'll stop talking about I mean I wasn't
didn't really mean to go that deep on it
but I just thought geez we're going to
those places I'm showing you a video of
Germany and I thought shoot we're gonna
be there in June so my only point for
raising it here is if you're considering
going think about it
it over the next few weeks because if
we've almost sold half of the cabins and
it's only September 7th I think there is
a chance we're gonna sell them all out
in the next month so think about it go
to rebel cruise calm I can tell you that
people are coming from all around the
world I just had an email from three
ladies from Australia who are
considering making the journey we have
other Australians already booked on the
trip people from all around it was sort
of neat a ritual trip to see where
people were from vizac says Britain
first is suing Facebook for targeting
the right I am unaware of that thank you
for bringing that to my attention it
does not surprise me because Facebook is
becoming more and more capricious and
political and we know that what I didn't
know is that the lawsuit was filed I
don't know what the likelihood of their
success is because the Terms of Service
of a lot of these companies are very
one-sided and in the UK if they're suing
in the UK I would say good luck to them
because the UK establishment is very
sense aureus and it's very hostile to
groups like Britain first if there was a
lawsuit in America maybe it has a
fighting chance given the First
Amendment Lord Rupert Everett in chips
in two bucks thank you very much for
that okay it's 1227 let's get back on
track I didn't mean to go on at such
length about the cruise but once I
started talking about it of course I
yeah I didn't stop okay I'm gonna read
some more comments and then I've got
some vids I might play but I like the
comments Politico Ezra you should hook
Tommy up again
nope a wall doesn't work keep him fully
free to view you're a good combination
well thank you for that the I'll be
candid with you and I've said this
before when Tommy was in prison
my only role was to crowdfund
for the family I didn't even talk to
Tommy when he was in prison he only had
I think two phone calls a week and
obviously he's going to spend that on
his family and his lawyer so I only
talked to his family and they they
passed on messages and whatever and I
talked with lawyers and then of course I
did journalism I went to the trials and
hearings but now that he's out I Tommy
is not built to have a boss I think he
would agree to that would you not agree
with that and especially a boss what
3,000 miles away or however far Toronto
is from Luton it's not going to work
that way I'm happy to do projects with
him I'm happy to help him on the
crowdfunding side that's something we
like to do here we're used to fighting
legal fights so I can even what advice I
can they're happy to do some journalism
with him as the need be but I think the
idea of actually working with Tommy in a
formal business relationship I just you
know what i I've never been better
friends with Tommy than I am now we had
just a great lunch on Tuesday and it was
really nice to see him we sat there
right right on right on the River Thames
obviously he was he came into the city
and we sent right there and shooed the
pigeons away as we had lunch and I'd say
it's never been friendlier and I want to
keep it that way
I don't want to be try and be his boss
and I don't want to say do this don't do
that because that is not fun imagine how
unfund that is so but I encouraged Tommy
I we talked a little bit and I
encouraged him to do things and I you
know give him whatever advice I had and
he knows my views on things so no I've
never I don't want to be prosecuted but
will we do TV with him sure on an ad-hoc
basis but nothing you know we're not
gonna get married again we'll we'll be
we'll be good friends though I hope
since word says Tommy might miss the
cruise well I mean god forbid
you know I will do what we can to help
keep him free and he'll do what he can
to stay free
Calvin aren't is there any reason why
rebel doesn't support Britain first away
did Tommy in your opinion is there any
real difference between them money aside
even interviewing them would help I have
met Jada Frandsen and Paul Golding once
in in London and we talked a little bit
about things but I have to tell you my
main reason for not engaging with them
is that I simply don't know them enough
and so I don't want I haven't done my
due diligence and I think I you have to
be very careful about these things
because we don't want to I'm and so I'm
not judging them I'm saying I I don't
have enough information yet upon which
to make a judgement and Tommy is
certainly enough to keep me busy and
keep my hands full so that that's the
reason I just don't have enough
information
Matt's highest Rodriguez is rebel media
anti-jewish well I hope not because I'm
Jewish so it would be weird and
uncomfortable for me if it was
anti-jewish mr. white people Britain
first can't make money for Ezra well
it's not it's not about making money or
not do we interview them do we promote
them and support them I just want to
know more about them first that's the
answer there
Lawrence learned southern you are not
wrong we need to go back to free markets
and currency based on gold I don't know
a lot about monetary policy I know
there's a lot of real gold bugs out
there and I think that's a lot of them
have moved to the crypto currency idea
and I just wish I knew more about that
stuff I can't be an expert on everything
el chupacabra says P and Bernie a 4:00
p.m.
I like Maxime Bernie as you know I
disagreed with his decision to leave the
Conservative Party I think he would have
been more powerful within the party I
think he would have been the leading
energy in the party both in terms of
policy he would have eased the truce
conservative and he's got charisma I
mean he's got a certain Brio and charm
and energy and he knows how to
communicate in a way that gets attention
and my advice which I gave publicly
through of my videos was that he should
have stayed in the party you know worked
the convention shaken hands a thousand
of them worked the hospitality Suites
worked at abate floor and really made
the parties his de facto and if Andrew
Shearer loses the next election which i
think is quite possible then he would be
the heir apparent the idea of starting a
new party from scratch is so monumental
a task in terms of work and
organizational effort and fundraising
it's it's such an enormous barrier to
entry I don't get it because had he
stayed within the party he would have
inherited all the infrastructure all the
fundraising all the brand value I had a
team and frankly that moment of truth
will come any within a year right the
next election so I have reached out to
him twice inviting him for an interview
and he hasn't responded yet I should
check to make sure his response doesn't
come to my spam folder or something like
that and Barnes is Tommy joining you Kip
you know I didn't ask that I I know that
in the past they've been at arm's length
from him but their new leader Gerard
Denton who have interviewed and who I
saw at Tommy's last court case he came
to the courthouse is much more
sympathetic to Tommy and I should tell
you can we called up this headline Nigel
Farage in the UK called Tommy brave I'd
love to show you a website that showed
that so even Nigel Farage who has been
very reluctant to be affiliated with
Tommy or anything like that for fear of
being called far right himself when he
was down
in Australia said he still says Tommy is
misguided but he called Tommy braver I'd
like to show that headline Alex if we
can call that up all right it's great
let's see it's 12 35 I'm gonna keep
going through the comments john zealand
max will be naming the party next week
other four to seeing that and i see that
there is some report that maybe he would
be talking to the Libertarian Party and
they do have a lot of policy overlap be
interesting to see El Chavez I think
Tommy should run I'd vote for him if I
could that it's not Tommy's plans I
don't think he's and I don't think he's
built for it Tommy's not built for
endless meetings and processes and and
haggling over party constitutions and
policy platforms and it's just Thomas
not built for that don't you see he's
built for action and energy and kinetic
motion and just Google Nigel Faraj Tommy
Robinson brave I just want to show the
headline thanks ere we go Nigel Farage
calls Donald Trump a friend for life and
changes to none Tommy Robinson now as a
Faraj told an audience in Australia
Donald Trump would be his friend for
life before praising EDL founder Tommy
Robinson as brave so maybe Nigel Faraj
himself became a little more brave when
he was in Australia and went a little
further than he had before I'm just
gonna go through some more comments I
like reading the comments even the tough
ones lisa is happy to be sane I love how
Trump's trade with Mexico screwed
Trudeau for backstabbing Trump I don't
even think there was that was Trump's
goal I mean I I followed Trump as
closely as anyone I mean I know all of
you do the whole world falls Trump
closely it's
ribbiting whether you like him or oppose
him you can't no one can stop watching
him or talking about him because he is
the chief political force in the world
today and Twitter's amazing because we
get insights into his mind sometimes
scripted and planned sometimes very off
the cuff I remember when Trump first
came on the scene I went back through
you know insert on Twitter you can do an
advanced search so you can search for
anything that someone on Twitter has
said about any particular word or phrase
so I went to the advanced search engine
I typed in real Donald Trump and then I
checked China and Mexico and Iran I just
read every single tweet Donald Trump had
ever written about those key subjects
don't you think that's a good way of of
taking his temperature because while
these days he's more cautious and he has
staff things that Trump would have said
or done five years ago I can't remember
when he joined Twitter would have been
much more spontaneous and probably quite
an accurate reflection of his true
heartfelt feelings on these subjects so
I went back and I read every single
thing he ever said about China Mexico
Iran global warming those are a hoot he
calls it a scam
endlessly he says it's about it's a hoax
it's a Ponzi scheme pyramid scheme you
gotta read Donald Trump on global
warming he's perfect
he and he hates saying climate change
you know you leave because he knows
that's a scam even the words so I went
back and I did that for Canada and you
know what it will not surprise you
Donald Trump didn't think about Canada
it was not on his radar it's it's like
the wallpaper or the carpet you just
don't notice it's just there and you
know what that's a good thing when when
Donald Trump is ornery and crotchety and
he's looking to pick fights with things
why not let him fight Mexico China Iran
with him fight with Russia and North
Korea why would Canada want to get in a
boxing ring with him why not just stay
very quiet and Stephen Harper showed us
how to do that with Barack Obama he bit
the tongue and even Sean Christian
showed us how to do that with George W
Bush both of those combinations were or
other water harp
and Obama couldn't be more different
Craig Chen and W couldn't be more
different but in both cases the Canadian
pretty much said all right let's do no
harm'
Trudeau just couldn't keep his civil
tongue in his mouth he just couldn't
shut up about it could he and so he
would disparage Trump and it became
normalized within Justin Trudeau's
circles to disparage Trump and Trudeau's
cabinet started doing it and true those
staff started doing it and it became the
official culture of the Canadian
political establishment you saw it in
Trudeau state broadcaster the CBC you
saw it even in the government comedians
in Canada they work for the state
broadcaster absolutely everyone in
Trudeau's circle despises Trump and and
says so I'm sure that many of Harper's
team despised Obama but they didn't say
so because they knew what was at risk if
they had a rift Trudeau went from being
ignored by Trump to being a burr in the
saddle and look what happened Trump went
ahead he did a deal with Mexico and now
he's saying yeah Canada you can come
into that one too or not and I don't
know if you saw the show I did with
Manny Montana Greenough a few weeks ago
Manny said Ezra Trump wants the deal to
fail and Trudeau wants the deal to fail
Trump wants the deal to fail so he can
slap a 20% tariff on Canadian cars and
move those factories back from Ontario
and Quebec to Michigan Pennsylvania
there's no electoral college seats votes
in Ontario in Quebec for Trump but you
bring factories back from Canada into
Michigan Ohio Pennsylvania Indiana
places like that you're gonna win those
things into in those states in 2020 and
Trudeau bizarrely thinks it's a win for
him because he can campaign against the
evil Donald Trump in the 2019 election
so manyy Montenegrin know convinced me
that both men actually want this thing
to fail whereas if Trudeau just was a
you know spoke no evil you know just
just shut up we'd probably have an after
renewal deal with Trump already and he
would be fighting with other people Tim
ever didn't happen
Oh political responds and says yes I
understand he's tough to work with I do
think you too is a combination or
stronger Tommy boost rebels membership
Breville promotes Tommy's work
fair enough if it's not going to happen
the side like Tommy I just want to stay
that way I don't want to be his boss
don't make me be his boss I'd rather be
his ally than his and then his partner
you know I mean there there will
probably be little discreet things like
he's coming on the boat right he's
coming on the cruise I talked about
that's a one-off right that's not I'm
your boss it's come on the cruise bring
your wife it's gonna bring his wife
that's gonna be great hangout but that's
a fun thing and it's a one-week thing
and it's just boom in out is it's not a
lot of ways that can go wrong right
so when I was when I was in London on
Tuesday we talked about his plans I'm
not gonna give them away he's got his
own plans he'll he'll let you know him
when he wants to they're 100% Tommy it's
and I'm and I was thinking to myself
that's interesting I gave him a few of
my thoughts but I sure don't want to be
the boss of that you know I don't want
to say don't do that or run that by a
lawyer and I don't want to be that guy
who would want to be that who would want
to be the one thing don't don't don't
don't don't no no the final thing with
Tommy is saying go go go but if you're
if you're the boss you can't do that
because you all you're thinking about is
keep Tommy safe from litigation
including prosecution and condemned to
court proceedings and keep him safe from
being stabbed that's all you think about
when you're Tommy's but put you just for
one second pretend you were Tommy's boss
okay just for one second
now think Tommy's going to do an event
all you're thinking about is what can go
wrong and how can we protect against
that and so every word you're going to
say that a guy is dial it back dial it
back
compare that to you as a viewer you're
saying rev it up rev it up you see so
which is more fun it's more fun to be a
friend
Tommy than a Bossa Tommy and that's what
I want to be I think I missed a super
chat let me take a look-see Lord Rupert
Everton what happened to John Cardillo
John had great commentary and he was
with us for almost a year he just didn't
get the the ratings so we left we we
wrapped up the show he did but I know
he's still very active on Twitter and he
also appears on news max which you can
get in the States I'm not sure if he can
get that up here but I think it's just
the ratings issue count cliff Ezra you
were just using this format to promote
Israel the war is with you as well but
sure what were you talking about we have
published over nine thousand nine
hundred videos on YouTube I used to say
9700 but we've published 200 more since
then of our nine thousand nine hundred
videos on YouTube I'm gonna guess that
200 of them are about Israel why is that
2% let's say it's five hundred five
percent of our videos are about Israel
I think that's proportionate given its
centrality in the news don't you if you
were to say Azra all you talk about is
trump I'd say that's a criticism because
of our 9900 videos at least a thousand
are on Trump and we're Canadians so
listen if you're curious if if you
haven't figured it out yet we're Pro
America even though we're Canadian
we're Pro Britain even though we
criticize it we're pro Australia we're
pro Taiwan we've been tough on China
when others haven't been we're pro India
world's largest democracy part of the
British Commonwealth and a lie against
terror especially Pakistan we're pro
democratic reform in India I don't want
a war against sorry I meant say Iran I
don't want a war against Iran
what pro-israel and I'm a Jew so I have
an ethnic affiliation with Israel
religious affiliation but I can make the
case for Israel the same way I make the
case for Taiwan I have no ethnic
religious or historical ties to Taiwan
but the analogy to me is a little
democratic country surrounded by big bad
dictatorships would want to kill it
obviously I'm for a Taiwan same
arguments with Israel
I see now to super-sad from NIDA five
bucks she says new to rebel Canadian
wants to sub do you spend time on
Canadian content being a conservative
family in Vancouver it's very hard we
need good content well not if thank you
very much for saying that and I'm glad
you said that because it is true we talk
of today haven't I been talking a lot
about Tommy and I'm sorry the only
reason I got on that is because I was
explaining why I don't do this show
daily because I was in London on Tuesday
that's an example traveling and then
that reminded me of the tour with Tommy
the boat cruise so then I'd probably
talk for 20 minutes about him but yeah
okay I was getting better so what's our
mix we'll go on our YouTube based now I
need 99 hundred videos and at least half
our content is Canadian I think we've
got we do about 2 video 3 videos a day
from the UK we do about 10 videos a day
right two or three a day from the UK and
I think some of them are international
themes
I mean sometimes they're just really UK
centric but sometimes they're about
international themes free speech I would
say three to five videos a day or from
Canada and probably two or three a day
are from America oh and we have Tammy
Ramat who does videos for us from
Australia and we have Rob shemesh record
as a video a day from Washington but
he's got a campus focus so so that's our
mix so my show is about 60% Canadian
that's my guess I saw a comment I don't
remember who made it I'm just scrolling
up but it just said talk about Alex
Jones so I'm sorry I don't recall who
put that up there but I can I can answer
that question without quoting who said I
just want to say thank you for bringing
that to my attention Oh Amanda joy Ezra
can you talk about Alex Jones I sure can
i I've talked to Alex Jones a couple
times of my life and he's a big
personality he's an info tanner which is
the best kind of that's Wade it's rush
limbaugh you have to get people's
attention before you can tell them
something
it's why the CBC is so awful it's it's
not just that it's left-wing it's just
so bloody boring I and I've said I've
said before I think Alex Jones is a nice
skeptic you tell him something he'll
challenge you just for the sake of
challenging him he doesn't believe
anything government or the establishment
says I don't know how much of that is a
stick or how much of it is rooted in its
core I want to give him the benefit of
doubt and say most of it is rooted by
his own observations and experience and
we've shown it on battleground before
and I don't want to do it again today
but I encourage you to go on YouTube and
look at his documentary investigation
into the Bohemian Grove Bohemian Grove
it's a secret society in California that
he actually infiltrated with the camera
and showed their crazy pagan rituals and
I know that sounds
conspiracy theory crazy but it's real
life and and it actually happened and
that's my point
is that a lot of the conspiracies he
alleges they are conspirator conspiracy
facts not conspiracy theories now the
thing is when you're an omni skeptic and
you apply that worldview to 9/11 to
there it's a school shooting I forget
where and you get it wrong it looks bad
but so what so what we don't shut down
an
inquire when they go over the top the
tabloids
that's part of the media ecosystem if
you don't like it don't fall don't
follow it 2.4 million people followed
them on YouTube yet they were deleted
not just going forward but all their
historical work was deleted and just
yesterday Alex Jones was kicked off
Twitter because nothing he did on
Twitter
but for what he did in person but look
who's you could see on the screen right
here Louis Farrakhan and Hamas are still
on to Luke's fare can races crazy he's
really the black clan and Hamas of
course a terrorist group they are still
on Twitter but Alex Jones fired
yesterday from Twitter for nothing idiot
on Twitter but for the fact that he
accosted a CNN journalist in real life
Twitter ban him for that just insane I
see a couple more super shots of the
corker CBC News Network is carrying an
Obama speech live right oh my god I
totally believe you on the weekend they
carried the full McCain funeral CBC to
let deflecting for Trudeau well not just
that but Barack Obama is not the
Canadian Prime Minister and it's not
even an American president
he's an ex-president so to actually
carry that live shows betrays their
partisan agenda so much when was the
last time the CBC carried a speech by
the actual President of the United
States live and by the way they're very
entertaining speeches because they're
not really scripted he actually breaks
news almost every time he gives a speech
don't you think Trump when he goes to
these huge rallies but more to the point
it's relevant because he's the sitting
president but that's just the CBC going
full Democrat resistance and the the
McCain funeral was the same thing yet
John McCain so he's one of a hundred US
senators why did they love him they
despised him when he ran against Barack
Obama in 2008 he was challenging the
precious but he lost so that's their
favorite kind of conservative a losing
one and he became an anti-trump
activists that's why they loved him and
that's why they covered his
funeral because it was an anti Trump
campaign moment itself wasn't it so
thank you for that news that's just so
it absolutely doesn't surprise me
oh let me just see I think there's
another super chat there we go crypto
well what do you think about the faith G
media blackout during the Toronto
mayoral race also how about them
Cavanaugh hearings pretty amazing hey
well I've always asked about faith
Goldie on the Super chats and so I've
given the same answer probably three
times before so I'll give it a fourth
time I saw a poll can you find the poll
place and put it up there was a poll
sorry I forget the name of the pollster
on Twitter I think faith Kolby herself
might have retweeted him that it was the
first time I've seen an actual
professional pollster I think it's a
professional pollster put faiths name to
to test the two leading candidates for
mayor are John Tory the incumbent who's
awful and Jennifer Keyes Matt a liberal
challenger who's awful and then there
are literally dozens of minor candidates
independent candidates and some of the
others you may have had more support
like putting faith cold-eeze name two
people in my view that would make people
more likely to say that name than just
saying other and if you would have
listed a fourth name I think it would be
more likely so I think that that is
slightly enhanced and put the other one
where they have the undecideds
in there there you go so 43% for Tory
21% for keys math 2% for faith called a
1% for other and 33% undecided now if
this were a key federal election if this
were the 2016 election in the United
States presidential election that
undecided vote is likely to show up and
I would have said at the time they
would break for Trump if this were the
2018 Ontario provincial election I'd say
they'd show up and vote either for Doug
Ford or Andrea Horwath the NDP but when
you have 33% of people in a boring
municipal election for a mayor in a
fairly apathetic town saying undecided I
don't believe those 33% are going to
force themselves into the other columns
I think they're just going to stay home
I think historically turnout for
municipal elections are low much lower
than for provincial or federal elections
because the issues seem more abstruse
the differences between the candidates
not a stark I've said before that I
think faith will get less than 5% I may
be wrong I saw an online report that
said she's campaigning that she has a
campaign manager now although we don't
know his identity that they are actually
canvassing they have seen their picture
to that effect so it's not just a
virtual campaign as it's done it's not
just a Twitter campaign there is some
door-knocking going on but at this point
I mean there's still over a month ago I
think that my early prediction that she
will get 5% or a lot less holds we'll
see Ezra's first regulars have you
looked into norovirus nearby government
bio lab discussing more on this after
the background joining and keep up the
good work
Ezra thank you as is first two regulars
and thanks for the chip in I've heard a
little bit about norovirus I think said
the same as the Norwalk virus
perhaps I'm revealing my own my own
ignorance and I don't know any political
things to say about it so I guess my
answer to your question is more
accurately no Aaron Smith Ezra have you
seen the CBC vote compass for the New
Brunswick election no I haven't I know
what you're talking about this is
such an unethical tool the CBC has it
asks you a bunch of leading questions
and if you give the right answers it
tells you who you should vote for and
inevitably it steers you towards the
state broadcasters own choice which is
the parties have left so I remember back
at the Sun News Network we would mock
them
Charles Duran next event in Ottawa hey
great idea we did an event in Toronto we
had the rebel live very successful we're
having a rebel live event in Calgary in
November and I'm pleased to say we're
already booking speakers Lyndsey
Sheppard just confirmed today for
example I'm not quite ready to give you
the details of that we're putting
together a bit of a we're confirming a
few more speakers but that's coming up
on November 10th so if you are in
Calgary or would make the journey to
Calgary Pennsylvania November 10th but
Ottawa is a good City for us in terms of
Canadian cities our number one is
Toronto Calgary and Edmonton are sort of
tied for next and then I get think it
goes auto and then Vancouver that's
where viewers are so 59 I'm almost done
I'm just checking to see if I've missed
any super test if I missed any
super-strength no I think I got them all
I'll end with Duane Jane who says CBC
sucks and I think that's a good way to
end the show well there you have it
thanks for chit-chatting with me today
and I hope you don't mind me not wearing
a jacket I think next time I will wear a
jacket because the jacket helps hide how
fat I am
so the jackets going back on next week
thank you for chatting thank you to
everybody who chipped in with the few
bucks here and there for super Jets we
use that to help pay the bills I do want
to say come on the cruise with Tommy if
you've I yeah I'm getting I spent a lot
of time on this yesterday I'm responding
to a bunch of emails I'm getting excited
about it I think it's gonna be amazing
I've never been a stern year before I
would call Czech Czech Republic Eastern
Europe hungry excuse me in Hungary
Slovakia you can see the map at rebel
cruise calm I want to go to Budapest I
want to see the city I bet it's
beautiful and
want to learn more about Viktor Orban
and not just from our slanted left-wing
media I want to hear from Hungarians
themselves I want to hear from people in
his own government don't you and I want
to be in that room not just but I want
Tommy there and I want Daniel Pipes and
what Katie Hopkins there and I want to
listen you know there's only 68 cabins I
want the hundred of us to have a real
briefing firsthand that's actually the
most important I mean I could go to
Budapest if I wanted for a holiday I
don't think I would but a cruise of all
these cities and it's to be there with
Tommy and Daniel Pipes and Katie and
learn these things that's why I'm
excited yeah I know I talk too much
about it but that is on my mind and you
can get that in for a rebel cruise calm
all right it's 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time
time to say goodbye
but if you are still so inclined you
should tune in at 8:00 p.m. Eastern I've
already recorded an interview for
tonight it's a it's a fun one it's about
the CBC and Justin Trudeau and Krista
Freeland if you can tune in tonight at
8:00 p.m. Eastern I think you'll like it
until then on behalf of all of us here
at rebel world headquarters to you at
home and around the world keep fighting
for freedom bye bye
you
