hey everybody I want the Constitution
dead dead as a doornail toes pointed
upwards in a box Six Feet Under
why do I hate our glorious Constitution
know I love our glorious Constitution
that's why I want it dead this is take
that with Curt Schlichter where the heck
of my hatin why am i hating on the
Constitution what the Constitution ever
dude me besides give me freedom give me
justice
give me domestic tranquility well let me
tell you something I want it dad
I want the Constitution dead I want it
in the ground I want it buried
I want it not moving why because that's
what you've got to do if you have a
constitution you can't have a living
Constitution look this Brett Kavanaugh
circus if anything has brought to life
what's so very very very important about
the United States we have a constitution
a framework a basis a foundation for our
Liberty that sets out governments
limited powers it enumerates them that
means government has the powers the
Constitution says it has and and there's
more gosh there's more it recognizes the
natural rights that God gave us all the
right to speak freely the right to
practice our religion as we choose and
the right to pack Heat that's right the
Second Amendment but now now you know
this Cavanaugh I think has really
highlighted the difference between the
traditional conception of what a
constitution should be that is bars and
what these damn commie left is think
these damn commie leftist wants
something called a living Constitution
you know they're watering around dressed
like characters from The Handmaid's Tale
what kind of weird Harry Potter s cruel
playing is that but let's not go there
anyway let's let's let's focus on the
Constitution the living Constitution
that should be dead they say the
Constitution be living it should be
growing it should be changing all the
time to meet our current values our
current norms our elites oops did I say
it our elites current fetishes so that's
why that's why under them the
Constitution can find rights that just
aren't set up in there there's no
mention
of abortion and there is no mention of
gay marriage in there those may be good
things they may be bad things but
they're not things set forth in the
Constitution what comes next
heck probably climate justice that's got
to be in there somewhere if you look
beneath upon numbers and emanations
that's the that's the way they use the
that's the way they phrased it in in the
abortion decision Roe versus Wade the
penumbra's and emanations of the
Constitution require us to let you kill
babies at random yeah no no a living
Constitution is really an end run around
democracy it's a way to say what the
Constitution says and even though you
didn't vote on it and your
representatives didn't vote on it
because it's in the Constitution sort of
even though it isn't wait what the heck
I don't want a living Constitution I
want a Constitution it's dead do you
want a living foundation for your house
do you think that's a good idea you want
a living anchor that may get up and
wander away when you're trying to hold
your boat in place of course you don't
you want a solid foundation it's not
like things can't change things can't
change there's a way to change them you
can't pass a law if it's an
unconstitutional show the Congress could
pass a law tomorrow legalizing abortion
the Constitution doesn't say yes
Constitution doesn't say no the constant
if you don't like what the Constitution
itself says instead of changing it by
going you know I've read it and it seems
totally different you can you can amend
the Constitution yeah you can do that
there's a thing you just have to
convince a whole bunch of people to do
it it's hard and that's why they don't
want it that's why they want a living
Constitution because they don't want you
to get on folk they don't want you to
have a say let's look at the death
penalty there are a number of justices
who think well we've decided that the
death penalty is now unconstitutional
even though capital punishment is
specifically mentioned in the
Constitution it is 80 person stays there
yet they have decided that based on
changes to American society and their
own personal fields and the fields of
their elite class did it no longer is
constitutional but have you noticed that
the Constitution never seems to
live when it comes to something we like
like the Second Amendment you know in
the last 20 or 30 years more and more
states have gotten more and more free
with regards to the keeping and bearing
of arms some states have even gotten rid
of any restrictions at all on carrying
concealed weapons you
it's called constitutional carry you can
just do it and other states have
expanded now they're there there's
almost no states where you can't get a
concealed weapons permit the the the
leap movement the twin is towards gun
freedom do you think that's a living
Constitution thing for them do you think
that would require a chase you think
we're scared bins per good go well you
know there's this kind of there's this
kind of a tsunami in favor of
liberalizing gun rights I guess I guess
we have to do that because it's in the
Constitution I all know they'll never do
that because the living Constitution
only goes one way it goes to the left
and that's why we have to reject it the
Constitution I want it dead hey this is
Curt Schlichter with take that with Curt
Schlichter you can find me on my town
halls every Monday and Thursday you
should go out and get my book militant
normals it drops on October 2nd in come
here every single Tuesday every single
Friday to the rebel to get my little
five-minute rants outside the payroll
running free running free and then
subscribe you little rebel check out all
their great stuff there thanks again
I'll see you next time on take that with
Curt link
you
