alright hey everyone I'm Ben Davies and
I'm so excited to be here at Vanity Fair
know you're privileged what that's
really funny the new guy I get it and
don't worry my resume speaks for itself
it's not a joke dude you're white yes
but I've acknowledged my privilege and
stand in solidarity with those who have
oppressed by way of me merely being born
well also projecting the problems of my
own liberal community on the people
living in the center of the country okay
that's wonderful
anyway I'm covering the hit news show on
Amazon Jack Ryan no you're not we
already covered it plus you're white and
male we couldn't trust you not to be
bias dude you're white which is also why
I made sure a person of color reviewed
this grotesque series okay yeah well
since already did it can I at least give
my opinions I mean I think it's an
absolutely 5 out of 5 the production the
locations the sequences the acting the
performances are all fantastic and the
story is engaging and keeps you guessing
from start to finish no no no no it does
not actually and the story objective is
proving that Jack Ryan deserves his
white male entitlement in a case just
how closely American myths of
masculinity are intertwined with
international dominance wait how in the
world is this show about that it shows
other countries is anything less than a
perfect beacon of hope progress and
purity well most importantly forgetting
to take time out of its narrative to
completely and intentionally kick
Western culture square in the balls and
make sure to paint any American scene on
screen as the absolute worst human being
on earth okay okay just wait so you're
telling me we don't grade series based
on writing performances in production
Wow okay everything is so objective to
you isn't it yeah those elements are
nice but we cannot
possibly give a series like this a
positive review when Jack Ryan is a
patriotic nightmare yeah why do you
people live here just mean there are
socialist Marxist countries out there
you can go to but yes we could but then
we wouldn't be as free or be able to
make as much money so we can complain
about how good we have it so right so
surely none of the other locations that
were shown in Jack Ryan like Lebanon
Yemen um how did you feel about the way
Paris was shown in the series culturally
enriched or crime ridden with
radicalized communities very culturally
enriched okay so let me just get this
straight you are going to great on a
curb and completely destroy and bash a
series because it shows terrorist
activity and America in a positive light
a country do you admittedly want to live
in and so because that you just bash
this new series that John Krasinski is
starring in but he's an oppressive
filmmaker okay why a quiet place was a
silently
regressive film okay they showed people
praying and men doing lifting dangerous
tasks which she was perfectly capable of
doing it plus the movie made absolutely
no sense
wait no no The New Yorker wrote that not
you we're all leftist media outlets
obviously it's the same what are you a
Quaker Wow yeah that's actually right
wait so why did a quiet place one of the
biggest successes of 2018 make no sense
she should have aborted the baby
problem solved okay I'm done all right
so Jack Ryan is one of the best new
shows on TV and you can stream it now on
Amazon alright so if you enjoyed that
video please consider becoming a premium
member to the rebel that way you have
first access to pure Hollywood and the
entire rebel lineup
