that's what happened actually the the
verdict in that trial was actually just
released three days ago Huddersfield
grooming 20 guilty of campaign of rape
and abuse let me read a bit about this
to show you how shocking it was and when
Tommy was outside the court twenty men
have been found guilty of being part of
a grooming gang that raped and abused
girls as young as eleven in Huddersfield
mm-hmm
the men were convicted of more than 120
offences against 15 girls victims were
plied with drink and drugs and then used
and abused at will in a seven-year
campaign of race rape and abuse between
2004 2011 so please understand what this
is it is not an opportunistic rape in in
a back alley a smash-and-grab style
crime this is a systemic perpetual
slow-motion crime done hundreds and
hundreds and hundreds of times over
seven years as in these girls were
entrapped they were tricked they were
blackmailed and then they were
constantly exploited and raped they
returned in the slaves these these are
children by the way they should not a
doubt women these were kids and these
were men and all about two of the
convicts are Pakistani Muslim men they
would approach these girls remember
these 11 year old girls and offer them
in some cakes as a candy or a cigarette
or a drink of liquor or even just a ride
in a fancy car and then they would get
these girls to do something to show
their gratitude to show that they wanted
a real boyfriend like send the man a
naked selfie maybe and then they were
trapped well maybe they were trapped in
other ways such as becoming a drug
addict at such a young age and so the
men would say oh you've sent me a naked
selfie and if you don't have sex with me
now I will send this picture to your
mother and shame you and put it on the
Internet and so the child would comply
and the men would say well now what
you've done if you don't let my friends
rape you two will do the same and then
they were trapped and they were
exploited and these girls were raped and
raved endlessly night after night by
this gang of men for seven years and
there were threats of violence and there
was violence and police in the press and
social workers are
all shy about speaking out because
they'd only be called racists and these
girls well they're obviously they must
be bad girls it must be run away so they
must have low morals and where are their
parents by the way because they were
white working-class girls and the men
were mainly Pakistani Muslim and what
are you I'm a foe be bigoted shut up
about this let me read some more from
the BBC story the men all from Yorkshire
went by nicknames including Dracula
which Naaman Muhammad was known as
muhammad imran bra was known as bully
abdul rehman was nicknamed beasty
imagine how cruel they must have been
raping eleven-year-old girls to begin
with night after night and then to have
those nicknames on top of it one more
quote such was the man's hold over the
girls one mother said her child cracked
her head jumping from a first-floor
balcony at their home in order to get
out after they ordered her to meet them
the girl later told police every time I
went out something bad happened I risked
my life every time I was a mess another
victim who only escaped the abuse when
her family had to move following a house
fire said it was the best thing I ever
did and that's bad saying that burning
your house down is the best thing you
ever did
so this horror the seven-year nightmare
is what tommy was protesting and he was
the only journalist outside the court
that's an excerpt from my daily show the
Ezra Levant show weekdays at 8:00 p.m.
Eastern every day I do a monologue
interview a guest and read my fan mail
and my hate mail to subscribe go to the
rebel da media / shows
you
