I'm as relevant with the rebel dawn
media I don't know if you remember when
we receive this it's from YouTube
it's a plaque I'll read it it says
presented to rebel media for passing a
hundred thousand subscribers is very
pretty and it came with a cover letter
from the president of YouTube the funny
thing is we passed a hundred thousand
subscribers years ago when we finally
got this milestone award we had over
nine hundred thousand subscribers well
as you may know a few weeks ago we
crested the 1 million subscriber mark on
YouTube and I thought well maybe it
would be another couple years till we
got the plaque but look what arrived in
the mail today and look how big it is
by comparison let's take a look at what
is in here so I'm gonna unbox this it
King this very dramatic Darth Vader II
black and white package from UPS and I
pre-cut the tape let's just take a look
inside it starts with a letter from the
CEO of YouTube
Susan voices ski I think I'm pronouncing
that right let me read it she cuz it's
sort of nice you're bigger than
Vancouver's you're bigger than Venice
you're even bigger than Las Vegas I
think her math is problem I think
Vancouver has more than a million people
but maybe she's being very technical the
municipality in Vancouver anyways I
don't mean to quibble 1 million
subscribers
maybe you've imagined that day for a
long time or maybe you never thought
you'd grow so big I when we started the
rebel I'd I wasn't even thinking about
that I couldn't imagine a million to be
frightening
either way not much can meet match the
satisfaction of finding out that your
creativity that your ideas that your
voice speak to 1 million people across
the globe and that's true we're not just
in Canada in fact we have viewers in 200
countries that's the fun thing about
YouTube it shows you the analytics who's
watching and it's amazing how many
people around the world love with
replicas
we know that being able to touch the
lives of so many people is reward enough
but we're incredibly proud of all you've
done so we hope you'll accept this gold
creator Award as a token of our esteem
well I certainly do and it's a friendly
gesture from YouTube it's a little bit
different than some of the interactions
we've had with YouTube before as you
know about a year and a half ago like
all other conservative commentary
websites they wiped us out
they demonetized us they took us out of
general advice we've had three meetings
with YouTube one in person and twice
wiseguy and they don't care they don't
plan to change that they will continue
their bias against conservative sites
they basically cut our our ad revenue
down to nothing but today it's not a
moment to gripe today as a moment to
celebrate a million subscribers I'll
live up to Susan Royce's skis happiness
at least for today with your track
record we suspect you're only going to
keep growing and we can't wait to see
you reach the next milestone 10 million
subscribers
it may seem far away but remember the
days when you were psyched to have a
thousand well wouldn't that be amazing
if we hit 10 million I don't know if
that's even possible but I hope so and
I'll you know we'll keep on growing
every single day we add more videos than
every single day we had more subscribers
did you know that since we were born
in 2015 we have published more than 9700
videos about 10 a day so if we keep at
it I suppose we could hit 10 9
you've amazed us keep daring keep
dreaming big and keep creating you're
the inspiration for everything we do
sincerely Susan Wojcicki
watch play friendly letter
and I see here putting a little card
from the company that actually makes the
plaque congratulations on your
subscriber milestone we are honored to
take part in recognizing your
achievement and wanting experience to be
exceptional this award was inspected and
packaged with great care by Rick Thank
You Lane and then it has a contact in
case it was damaged which it was not a
little foam protector here and then
here's the good stuff here's the good
stuff look at this look at this this
oblique oww
and that's gold not silver like the
hundred thousand plaque there's a little
desiccants in there to keep it dry look
at that a mirrored a mirrored is
beautiful presented to rebel media for
passing 1 million subscribers we'll have
to put that up on the wall too well I
want to say thanks to you our rebel
viewers you're the ones who have
subscribed and watched by the million in
fact we have served up well over a
billion minutes of views videos watched
hundreds of millions of videos seen in
in total I don't have all the stats off
the top my head but it's pretty cool and
what's interesting is our demographics
are young if you look at the
demographics for CNN Fox MSNBC there's
65 to 70 same thing for the CBC they
don't publish their demographics but I
can imagine the average CBC viewer is 70
or 75 years old nothing wrong with 70 to
75 years old I think that's fine I will
soon be there myself but our average
viewer demographic is early 30s which
tells me the young people more than
anyone I'm interested in are ideas and I
find that very hopeful as someone who is
than a 30-i without further to do let me
say thank you again to our viewers our
subscribers and of course the dozens of
people here at the Rumble behind the
scenes from our on-air talent you bet
but also the videographers the editors
the web editors everyone involved who
got us this far thanks everybody and
keep on watching for the rebel dot media
i master a little thanks a million
we hit 1 million YouTube subscribers
it's free if you're not a subscriber yet
you should be click like and subscribe
and that little bell to get
notifications
