one of the more laudable and logical
initiatives to come out of the
Conservative Party convention and
Halifax recently was leader Andrew
Shearer stating that so-called birth
tourism should come to an end this new
party policy calls for the government to
enact legislation that would end
birthright citizenship in Canada unless
quote one of the parents of the child
born in Canada is a Canadian citizen or
a permanent resident of Canada such is
not the case today with very few
exceptions a baby born in Canada is
automatically granted citizenship such a
policy is an anomaly in most of the
developed world indeed the United
Kingdom did away with birth tourism in
1983 like present-day Canada it used to
be that if one were simply born on
British soil that person automatically
received British citizenship no
questions asked but since 83 the
citizenship policy notes that one of the
child's parents must be a British
citizen in order for the child to
receive British citizenship Great
Britain changed its rules because the
system was being gamed
likewise the system is being abused in
Canada today - case in point
tourists mostly Chinese nationals are
visiting British Columbia and droves but
they're not coming here to take
snapshots of BC's beautiful vistas
rather they're coming to have babies
it's a win-win scenario the procedure in
many instances ends up being free of
charge even though it's not supposed to
be free and because the child is born on
Canadian soil he or she is an instant
Canadian citizen and is therefore
entitled to all of Canada social
programs should the child actually
choose to live here Richmond BC is a hub
for so-called birth tourism
according to Vancouver Coastal Health in
the 2016-2017 fiscal year there were 379
births to foreign nationals at the
Richmond Hospital alone
in the first half of fiscal 2017 2018
foreign nationals accounted for almost
20% of all births at Richmond Hospital
20 percent can you say passport mil
because that's precisely what's
transpiring here and it's costing
Canadian taxpayers millions of dollars
per year oh well just put it on the tab
I guess that's an excerpt from my daily
TV show the Azrael events show normally
it's behind a paywall but I thought
you'd like this video so we put it on
YouTube if you want to subscribe to
watch the daily show every day including
always two interviews today and I read
my hate mail just click on this screen
and become a Premium Member
you
