I've got to say that Kermit Gosnell
movie just came out last week and I see
a lot of parallels between the media's
treatment of the Gosnell trial and the
media's treatment of this issue whereas
they are more outraged by what Tommy
Robinson did or is alleged to have done
than by what the men on trial did I mean
the media was absent on that which is
why Tommy was there in the first place
and in a way this whole thing with Tommy
I think and not to put Tommy in that
position of having to be the sacrificial
lamb but their outrage with him has
actually caused more people to pay
attention to the initial trial that he
was trying to bring attention to well
I'm really glad that you're coming and I
think it's going to be collegial I never
met a VE emini before I've only met
Cassandra Fairbanks for 10 seconds in
passing but it'll be very interesting to
have a crew of international journalists
who don't really know each other other
than maybe online to be a counterweight
to this little clique I have to say
you'll find it interesting I think
Andrew the Old Bailey is is very old
it's a court and a prison and it's very
high-security and it's got its old
rituals and customs like it said I'd
almost say it's like a club and to see
those journalists who wronged in there
together those UK journals they were a
club they were like a they were on a
mission it's like a little political
party and just to bring other eyes for
another point of view I haven't make a
prediction Andrew you're based in London
Ontario not London England I'm gonna
make a prediction that you will have an
enormous number of British viewers
because they just want to hear another
point of if it's why they've been
watching me but it can't just be me
let's get other journalists around the
world and I don't know what you're gonna
write you don't know what you're gonna
write you're gonna write what you see
it's not determined yet unlike that pack
of media click that I saw at the Old
Bailey yeah and one point that I would
stress to people is that I don't know
Tommy at all I've had a couple of
correspondences with him I've never
interviewed him and and look there are
things that he said that when I see
snippets and extras like I don't know if
I'm on board with that but I'm
unequivocally for due process and I'm
going in here not as a cheerleader I'm
going in here as someone who actually
wants to see what's happening and
and yes if there are people in the media
that are telling a version of the story
that I'm like I I was there and I didn't
see that I won't hesitate to call that
out my hope is that honesty will prevail
I'm skeptical as I think everyone has a
right to be in an obligation to be but
this case is going to be interesting not
just for what happens as far to the part
of the official proceedings but what
happens in the broader cultural bubble
around it that's an excerpt from a daily
show the Ezra lavance show weekdays at
8:00 p.m. Eastern every day I do a
monologue interview a guest and read my
fan mail and my hate mail to subscribe
go to the rebel da media slash shows
you
