if you could to walk us through what
happened in that room when you and a
bunch of other free market activists
wanted to debate Supply Management I
wasn't allowed in the room because I was
banned from the conference this is
probably because I do I too don't
support Supply Management well why don't
you walk us through a little bit about
what happened because I think there's a
lot of misinformation floating around
out there okay so there was three
separate breakout sessions it dealt with
three topics like one was social policy
and it was more like economic and trade
stuff and the other two rooms finished
with time to spare
our room each room had about 26 policies
I think one room at 24 RSI 26 and we
started 30 minutes late and then there
was full of bustering the entire session
by MPs and by staffers it wasn't even
really supply I think there was maybe a
guy who was a dairy farmer filibustering
but other than that it was MPs and
staffers filibustering and then we would
call them out for their accusations were
that we were also wasting time because
we cool went up and called a couple
procedural votes to get a Supply
Management moved up we failed every time
the chair never recognized that as a
legitimate vote to ask for so they and
then they told us we should be better
organized but there were other policies
that got debated and passed at the
plenary that passed in the policy book
that were lower than Supply Management
on the list like there are 72 policies
that made the floor we were 56 we had
the 56 most votes from the ideas lab
which is where all the EDA is vote to
get to choose which policies make the
floor and there was policies way like
there was one policy and that was 61st
that passed so that that argument is
just total bunk in my opinion okay I
just want to stop you for a second so it
was MPs and their staffers who were
organizing against the party's own
grassroots in that room
oh that is something you'd expect from
the Liberal Party of Canada
you know it's fraudulent because they
tell us what a grassroots party they are
yet they do this like if they if this is
the way they want to act that's fine the
it's a it's basically a private
organization mm-hmm but don't don't sell
us a bag of goods and then do something
else like in the real word that's
considered fraud yeah and then they tell
us it's just politics did you know that
we have our own rebel media mobile app
it's on the Google Play Store or the
Apple App Store download it give it a
whirl and help us get around internet
censorship wherever you go
you
