we'll talk about going postal recently
B'nai B'rith sounded the alarm that the
canadian union of postal workers has
aligned itself with its palestinian
counterpart a group that not only
delivers the mail but supports terrorism
well the people who are pro palestinian
they're here they didn't like the fact
that Benet breath translated Arab
language Facebook post season 2 English
to expose what they're really all about
so they're staging a protest outside
bernie breath in the heart of Toronto's
Jewish community and there is a counter
protest here of the pro-israel side
let's try to find out what these two
groups are all about and with mere wine
scene the director of the Jewish Defense
League now mayor tell me what is about
to happen here I believe at four o'clock
less than an hour away there's going to
be a protest against the Bonet breath
Canada can you frame what exactly is
occurring here well essentially Bonet
breath Canada released the statements
about the Canadian union of postal
workers that they align themselves with
a palestinian union of postal workers
there in israel and vinay breath exposed
that there is a direct link with the
palestinian union of postal workers and
terrorism or support for terrorists and
once the neighborhood that statement
then you had these anti-israel groups
that said we're gonna be marching
outside the B'nai B'rith
headquarters how dare you expose us yeah
that's interesting mayor connect the
dots for me
was there anything factually incorrect
with what bernie breath said about the
connections of the palestinian Postal
Workers Union and those who are involved
with Palestinian terrorism everything
Benet birth put out was factual no
question about it every T was crossed
and every eye was dotted and none of
these organizations want anyone to be
aware of that they consider what we term
as terrorism to be natural resistance
and legal resistance to anything
anything the the murder that we hear
about the terrorism the bombs stabbings
all that is legitimate for them Bonet
breath did the right thing and pointing
it out so what their connections are to
this protester I'm M what brings you to
this protest
choo-choo-choo-choo I'm not even Jewish
hi ma'am what brings you out to this
protest where's that on the map how
about yourself ma'am what brings you out
here
folks we're trying once again but no
dice so ma'am you mentioned earlier
you're back from Palestine are you with
the Canadian Union opposed the workers
by any chance
hi man what brings you out to this
protest I'm David Menzies with rebel
media are you with the Canadian Union a
postal worker right okay then
do you have a do you have a nice pension
then if you're a retired public service
worker hi sir what brings you out here
you're part of the right-wing media part
of the right-wing media are you a are
you just asking some questions ma'am
what happens to those individuals who
are identified as gay in the Palestinian
Authority I have no idea I can't answer
that really you have no idea sir
I can't answer that what makes sense for
a racist sir this is great this this is
the fellow who assaulted me three times
at the outcodes rally what brings you
out today throw a punch on me again sir
sir are you with the Union so ma'am what
brings you out to this counter protest
the fact that a government union is
standing up taking a political stand
with our government money leave us
forget what the stand is the stand is
illogical they shouldn't be here on
private property or a predominantly
Jewish neighborhood doing this if we
went to their neighborhood we would be
well if we went to a Muslim neighborhood
we would be labeled as llama foams
racist hate crime yet they're free to
come here in our neighborhood unwelcomed
government-funded unions these are
government unions taking political
stands I see obviously standing there
thank you to our children they have no
right to be here they should not be
aligning themselves with hate well I'm
with Peter Pentagon coast he is a member
of the Canadian union of postal workers
but Peter you're on the side of Israel
here you're not on that side that you're
a member of JDO force since 2008 when it
comes to the rank-and-file membership of
the canadian union of postal workers
how many indeed support this kind of
action of the people that i speak to no
one no one i haven't asked the muslim
people at work but of the other people
nobody supports it so would it be safe
to assume that maybe the leadership of
cup w has been hijacked by those that
have an incredibly left-wing anti-israel
agenda they've taken over our money and
our brand and they use it against us a
Canadian union should not be
picking sides and any political
referendum I think it's wrong
it's a Canadian government organisation
and they should not be political in any
way you find this particularly egregious
because there are many Holocaust
survivors that live in this neighborhood
with Jewish population lot of Holocaust
survivors you know there's something
about this protest encounter process
that is conspicuous by its absence and
what I'm speaking of here folks is where
is the mainstream media I saw our friend
Joe Warmington of the Toronto Sun but
where is CBC global CTV and the rest of
them well I guess this just doesn't jive
with their vision of Justin Trudeau's
multicultural panacea excuse me sir are
you with are you with the trade movement
media we have solidary people's
everywhere including the oppressed
peoples of Palestine that are killed
daily by the races is really part of
what makes Israelis a racist well folks
again this is our our tax dollars hard
at work the interior public sector
employees union this is our tax dollars
our money that's funding people like
this these are the people that I don't
know we're teaching our children that
are selling as alcohol and yet look what
side they're standing on well houses for
perverse irony the pro-palestine side is
accusing the Israelis of being
intolerant and running an apartheid
state but look at this woman over here I
don't know if you can see her she's
putting a sign up she's in the full
burqa and I don't know it's kind of
funny to see
a woman who is in the fabric coffin of
radical Islam screaming about Israel
oppressing the rights of others in the
Middle East I think that's just weird oh
hey sir are you with ops ooh this is
gonna strike a fine heat right wings oh
why are we right wing ship Media sir
well once again there's your tax dollars
hard at work folks and once again he
just can't articulate himself hey folks
the rebel has a brand new app please
download that app and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
