when Catholics who love the church
during the criticism I think perhaps
it's time to give them a listen and one
of those is Michael Knowles the host of
the Michael Knowles show on The Daily
wire needs an ally of our friend Andrew
Clavin he joins us now wise guy Michael
great to see you again thanks for coming
back on the Ezra Levin show it's nice to
have you good to see you thanks for
having me you know I really don't like
criticizing the Catholic Church because
it's criticized so often in in such bad
faith but you have a very interesting
article today about the 11 page letter
written to Pope Francis by the former
nun see oh that's the church ambassador
to Washington so a senior member the
church I think by any measure he doesn't
have an axe to grind this is not some
scheme or scandal mongering and he
outlines some serious accusations about
sexual molesters in the church but worse
than that what appears to be a cover-up
at the highest levels I want you tell
our viewers what the facts are so this
is a little opaque I think to people who
are not within the Catholic Church and
it's probably opaque to people even who
are Catholics the way to think of this
is this x-men CEO Carlo vegan Oh is an
archbishop he's a high-ranking official
he's retired so he's not a it's not a
member of the College of Cardinals he
doesn't have anything personally to gain
from this but this was the Vatican's
representative to the United States the
United States and Germany funded the
Catholic Church this is a major major
position and what he has said in this 11
page testimony is that the hope covered
up for an abusive priests Cardinal
McCarrick who was thrown out in disgrace
just a few weeks ago what the testimony
outlines is that the abuse of mckarrick
mechanics abuse against other priests
and seminarians was brought to Pope
Benedict Pope Benedict
basically isolated him took him out of
public ministry said live your life at
in prayer and penance then
when Pope Francis was elected he
restored the prominence of Cardinal
McCarrick sent him as an envoy to China
and put him back out in public it is
worth pointing out that what the
testimony alleges is the Pope Francis
knew of his abuse against other priests
not against minors though the Cardinal
has been accused of molesting minors as
well what's what's amazing about all of
this an analogy would be say if nikki
Haley we've made these accusations about
the president or John Bolton or
Secretary of State or something like
that it's that high a post not many
things are unprecedented in the history
of the Catholic Church it 2,000 years of
history means everything has precedent
this is unprecedented a high ranking
official not only accusing the Pope of
knowing about this but of calling on the
Pope to resign and the Pope just as he
has done with all of the other criticism
during his pontificate is refusing to
give an answer he is dismissing the
concerns of very high ranking very
credible serious people he's dismissing
them he's referring to answer and
another appointee who seems to have been
backed for Cardinal by that disgraced
Cardinal McCarrick
a man in Chicago named Cardinal cubish
has he has responded on the Pope's
behalf and said the Pope has other
things to talk about the Pope has bigger
plans for the environment for illegal
immigration he doesn't want to talk
about all of the abuse and the cover-up
that he's implicated in it is outrageous
the statement from Cardinal cubish on
the Pope's behalf is stunningly
tone-deaf it is perhaps the most
tone-deaf statement since
marie-antoinette's
apocryphal let them eat cake statement
and it just demands an answer and this
demands that heads must roll that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show no one leaves behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch The Daily
Show every day including always two
interviews a day and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
