an HIV test
yes your name yes or to that so my name
is Katie Hopkins right here Katie
Hopkins big writing I'm accepting my
test
can you send for me yes I can sign so
that's my fall you're gonna sign yeah so
this is my consent for HIV testing yay
okay and too many people agreed to be
tested
go to the treatment and do you ever get
people that don't want to have to test
because they don't want to know yes yes
if I'm about to find out I've got
something dastardly this is a big moment
yes yes and if I find out I had HIV for
example then do you test my partner do
you test you know if it was me they
would test my husband yes if you allow
us to do those just attach it to your
partner then then you could tell the
partner yes and what happens if I'm a
man and I'm HIV positive but I don't I
say no you can't tell my wife you can't
tell what happens no that we do they're
consenting because if you know what you
want to tell you a husband but you still
have sex with you okay you can you can
track you can announce me yes hey I
think the problem can get Sakura of you
inside okay okay exactly right make it
hurt yeah I'm ready don't be sorry what
did I have
I think you've got it
yes I've never had an HIV test I feel
bad for that okay so you stick my blood
on there no I just I'm just gonna let
them take this one anyway
okay what my hand I'm just gonna show so
you get the blood off of my finger so
its final going towards this one you
called about about about how you put it
on there so you put the drops onto my
blood which is a little it's like a
little it's a test kit but for is in a
way we put this water yes just to help
the blood to to transmit yes you want to
drop it just hold it there
sorry about this I just played on your
form
I can't spread it I'm gonna bleed out in
the so we wait with this I can take the
alcohol swab in one deep lightning oh I
don't know why just wipe got it and then
it so let's just say I've got HIV a look
see what does see me I see one strike
the one that mutilated I'm negative I
have to place a
you
