a new program at the University of
california-berkeley lets students teach
each other about deconstructing
whiteness University of California
Berkeley students are being given the
opportunity to organize their own
courses that discuss topics such as
deconstructing whiteness Palestine and
decolonizing methods and academic
research the new program at the
university is being offered through the
decal program which allows students to
create their own courses and even
receive academic credit for them all it
takes is a faculty member and department
chair to approve their far-left topic
and they're free to teach each other
about how horrible white people are it's
bizarre to me because it seems to me
that the left-half fantasies of modern
universities being like they were in the
1950s or something they're under the
impression that somehow the universities
are mostly whites and Cator only to
white people but it's nothing like that
at all in fact universities are on their
side isn't that made clear by the fact
that the decal program is actually
allowing them to teach each other about
white supremacy I mean wouldn't a white
supremacist University be actively
discouraging criticisms of white people
I just I despair with these people they
can't see what's right in front of them
American universities actively
encouraging affirmative action which is
essentially racism first off it's
discriminating against white people and
secondly it's showing their own bigotry
of low expectations in the left sighs
non-white people can't succeed in less
colleges actively discriminate that's
why Trump has been looking at scrapping
Obama era policies that encourage
universities to discriminate in order to
become more diverse the world is not
what the left think it is they have
everything going for them including
their racist policies and they still
tell us the system is institutionally
racist against non-whites
and while they get to deconstruct
whiteness and get school credit for
conservatives are being chased off
universities speeches are being canceled
and conservative students become social
pariahs dare to speak up in support of
the Republican Party Trump or against
abortion and you'll feel the wrath of
the peaceful tolerance and kind left now
it is more important than ever to
counteract this long march through the
institution's with our own long march
for too long professors and academics on
our side have been decent enough to keep
their politics to themselves that has to
change if we are to stop the rot and we
must become as vocal as they are people
in Europe they are fighting back there's
even a new school in Leon France started
by Marian lepen and others aimed at
teaching conservatives without a
left-wing political bias and there's no
reason why conservatives in America
can't do the same thing with an American
strain of conservatism Liberty
University in DC is a great example of
this students must join together and be
as vocal as the left and if they don't
think their university is worth saving
then why not start our own schools so
conservatives libertarians and anyone
who disagrees with the far-left
encroachment into campuses in academia
stand up speak up and don't let them get
their way anymore if you want to see
more from me and the rest of the rebel
team like and subscribe
you
