new data shows a 100 percent rise in
forced marriage cases involving Somali
heritage children so the British Home
Office have revealed that re-education
schools in Somalia are not actually
providing an academic curriculum this
seemed to be a front for something else
instead these reeducation schools that
people take their children to from
Britain to Somalia are functioning as
detention centers where some young
Somali children are abused sexually
physically and mentally some were also
held against their will until they're
married which is the only way the Home
Office tells us for these people to
actually leave these young children have
to be married off in order to leave
detention centers this brutal practice
is happening to Somali heritage children
all over the UK and it's something you
expect to see in South Asian communities
across the UK it's already a huge huge
problem but it's growing massively in
the Somali community and it's been
revealed there's been more than a 100
percent year-on-year rise in forced
marriages involving Somali kids now
David Myers from the home offices forced
marriage unit told the Guardian what we
are seeing in these communities is that
young people who have antisocial
behavior issues are getting involved in
gangs and drugs and being sent back to
Somalia by their parents for
re-education and rehabilitation the
concept in Somali culture Dargan Seles
sorry I probably pronounced that wrong
as I always do on this show means
returning to the culture to help them
rehabilitate and they are sent to what
they call schools but what we call
detention centres we've had reports of
physical abuse mental abuse sexual abuse
and within these centers where they are
kept in really strict conditions these
teenagers and children are told that the
only way they can escape these centres
is to get married to another Somalian
and that is where the fourth marriage
element comes into it so clearly this is
a problem that needs tackling regardless
from which side of the political aisle
you're from this is kids we're talking
about here I think that children
regardless of where they're from if
they're living in the UK they should be
acted by the British state now I take
issue of course with mass immigration
I've got huge problems with our current
immigration policy in fact but I also
take issue with immigrants in the UK
abusing their children in this way in
our country I'm sorry but in the UK were
civilized and we treat children well
this should not be happening and if
they're not born here then so what if
they're living here I want the British
state to get involved and tackle this
kind of crime if we know this is
happening shouldn't we be using
resources to better protect children and
prosecute parents who abuse their
children in this way you know for once
The Guardian has done something good
they produced a really good report here
so I suggest you read it it outlines the
numbers of these cases in detail and
they're not so surprising fact that many
Somali organizations refuse to even
acknowledge that this is happening it
does happen it's getting worse
and it's time to take action if you want
to see more from me and the rest of the
rebel team remember to Like and
subscribe
you
