you've heard that Roseann is not coming
back with Roseann but now we know what's
happening to the character there's been
a lot of discussion about what will
happen to Roseann and it turns out she
won't be taking a long holiday or
getting a divorce she's going to die the
New York Post reports that co-star an
on-screen hubby John Goodman spilled the
beans that Roseanne bars character will
be killed off in the Roseanne las'
spin-off the Conners Goodman told The
Sunday Times of London I guess he'll be
mopey and sad because his wife is dead
yeah dead I mean don't you think that's
a good metaphor they not only killed off
her character but they tried to kill off
Roseanne on Twitter and in her personal
life just like they tried to kill off
all Trump supporters they want to ruin
our lives
okay you should be good you didn't say
anything that anybody were just walking
out or well Trump sign and grab my Trump
sign and start following me saying I was
like a racist I was like yeah it's wrong
and Roseanne went beyond the pale by
supporting Trump and it they really went
out to her and tried to destroy her
they can't just let her leave they have
to kill her well the left want to do
this to us all they want to destroy our
lives and they certainly won't help us
if we end up on the street I think they
want us dead after what they did to me
in the arts world destroying my career
and my personal life and then my second
career it left me wondering what exactly
do they want from me they keep coming
after me and trying to ruin my life
I don't think they'll be happy if I
worked at Starbucks either they would
continue to go after me what do you want
I think they want us dead just like
Roseanne's character if you want to see
more from me and the rest of the rebel
team like and subscribe
you
