actress kate mara is standing up for the
NFL kneelers and I'm gonna give her a
piece of my mind today on the Hollywood
conservative for the rebel well isn't
this rich and I mean really really
really rich as in copious amounts of
money all the way around this story any
of you know who kate mara is she's an
actress she's best known for her role in
house of rapist Kevin Spacey I mean
house of cards whoops and Chappaquiddick
and fun fact about her Kate's family is
mega rich as well and owns the
Pittsburgh Steelers and the New York
Giants yeah they have had a tough time
in life this country just hasn't been so
great to them you know it's hard being
from an ultra wealthy family and then on
top of that making millions of dollars
in TV and film
anyway kate mara as an independently
wealthy woman on top of her family's
wealth she is standing up for kneeling
NFL players who are just as wealthy and
of course that same sad story have been
treated horribly by this nation its
freedoms and it's capitalism you know
being an NFL player that's hard to all
that money and all them hoes and all
them rings and cars and houses and yeah
you know what I mean it's really hard to
live that lifestyle so how honorable of
kate mara to defend these NFL players
never mind the fact that they are
America's most embarrassing athletes who
claim that they are so utterly oppressed
while taking an eight-figure paychecks
in an interview she gave to Variety
magazine she said that she believes
anybody has a constitutional right to
stand or kneel or sit during the
national anthem yeah that's not really
what this is about Kate and I hardly
think that you're too stupid to think
otherwise it's never been about the
constitutionality of it god bless our
constitution of course it covers this
under freedom of speech and freedom of
expression but that's not what this is
about it has never been about that it's
about taking for granted what these
players have the luxuries and a
lifestyle that they enjoy because of the
people who fought for their freedom and
it's about the people that they are
disrespecting when they kneel and it's
all of the men and women
uniform on domestic soil and abroad and
the men and women in this country who
fear for their lives every time they
make a simple traffic stop it's about
the cops who are now afraid to draw
their weapon even when their own life is
in danger because their lives will be
ruined and the lives of their families
will be ruined when every single
split-second decision they have to make
is dissected under the microscope of
current cries of racism that's what this
is about my dear and if you don't know
that maybe you should stick to movie
plot lines when you're giving interviews
maybe talk about that Chappaquiddick
plot that was a fun one let's revisit
what happened in that movie inspired by
actual events of democrat elites yeah
let's let's do that at any rate maybe
step back from your gilded lifestyle and
see it from average everyday Americans
point of view maybe you'll see things
differently more I don't know maybe not
because you know life is rough in the
millionaire zone got a band together if
you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us here at the
rebels subscribe to our premium content
at WWWE need for word slash shows make
sure you're following us on Facebook and
Twitter for all of our latest news and
download our new app for the rebel media
on the app store
that way you'll have easy access to all
of our latest videos and your favorite
rebel shows thanks so much for watching
I'm Amanda head for the rebel
