mass shooting in Jacksonville Florida
I'm gonna tell you why gun control
shouldn't even be discussed here all
right we've all seen the story now a
mass shooting in Jacksonville Florida
two dead plus the killer at a video game
tournament it was a Madden tournament
NFL video games you know football in
Jacksonville Florida at a game bar it
was like an establishment that existed
to host these types of tournaments
people can go in play various games
would be pretty crowded on a nice Sunday
afternoon as it was yesterday I won't
give the killer's name I'm not gonna
give this guy any more attention except
to say he was a 24 year old from
Baltimore Maryland hold that thought is
very important he killed Taylor
Robertson 27 years old from West
Virginia and Eli Clayton 22 from
California Robertson and excuse me a
wife and young child tragic tragic stuff
we're talking about gun control here is
really ridiculous now a lot of people
are out there saying Florida's good evil
easy gun laws that evil Florida's gun
laws Florida's gun laws whoa the new law
after parkland did nothing Florida's gun
laws assault weapons ban well number one
the guy used a handgun
so no ban in the world wouldn't matter
guy used a handgun second bans don't
work anyway
second of all didn't matter where the
shooting took place because the guy
drove down from Baltimore with the gun
in his vehicle in Maryland if you don't
know has some of the most restrictive
gun laws in the United States so this
has nothing to do with gun control
nothing to do with gun laws in fact
Maryland might be the most difficult
right now outside of New York City and
parts of California with obtaining
concealed carry legal concealed carry
now the ATF is involved they're gonna be
digging into whether or not he purchased
that gun legally weighted and went
through all the hoops and hurdles in the
state of Maryland but no gun law short
of an outright
ban or repeal of the Second Amendment
which will never happen and should never
happen would have prevented this the
fact of the matter is people sometimes
snap but there's a bigger issue here and
when we should be looking at the killer
24 year old millennial apparently killed
these two young guys because he lost a
video game tournament so is this
shooting more about the men not being
taught to be men
everybody getting a participation trophy
men being told if you lose just appeal
yell a little bit you'll actually win
and if you're a social justice warrior
if you scream and yell and you protest
and you make that protest violent then
we'll bump you to the front of the line
I don't know I don't know if this is a
byproduct of that or if the guy was just
nuts and he snapped his parents divorce
records indicate he had extensive
medical needs as a child were some of
those psychological well medical records
are pretty airtight pretty sealed up due
to HIPAA and other laws so we may never
know that answer we may never know but
it needs to be asked but the one really
important takeaway from this case needs
to be do not politicize it no gun
control talk the gun came up from
Maryland what are the most restrictive
restrictive gun states in the nation one
of the most restrictive this guy was
hell-bent on doing damage if he didn't
win that tournament and I believe he
would have used any instrument possible
including running these people down in
the parking lot after the tournament if
he had to to achieve that end but again
this is not about gun control and anyone
is calling for gun control
anyone who's stepping over the bodies
anyone terrible two dead plus the gunman
11 others injured anyone who's stepping
over those bodies except for the
gunman's step on that trumpet trampled
all over that is pretty reprehensible to
push a gun control agenda because
they're lying to you gun came from
Maryland to Florida gun was acquired in
one of the most restrictive states in
the nation
gun control does not factor in to this
tragedy at all never should but
especially in this one
alright guys nobody got beat me on this
story as it develops also check out my
live show declassified live on the
liberal YouTube channel thanks for
watching I'll see you tomorrow
