crazy Maxine Waters looks even crazier
on a new billboard here in LA I'm gonna
tell you all about it coming up today on
the Hollywood conservative for the rebel
a few days ago a friend of mine sent me
a story on Instagram now this particular
friend happens to be liberals but he
always watches my videos he hears my
side of the argument and bless his heart
sometimes he comes over to my side so of
course when he sent me this video I had
already seen it because you know I see
everything I'm omniscient like that but
when he sent me the story he said that
he thought I would find it funny and I
did but truthfully I think that he did
too even as a liberal he sent me a video
about how here in Los Angeles a big
beautiful billboard has caught attention
from many SoCal locals if you all are
not familiar with the conservative
street artist Sabo he's the guy who was
responsible for multiplying the Trump
stars on the Hollywood Boulevard
he also posts billboards and movies all
over Hollywood basically trolling
celebrities over there hypocrisy and
liberalism is pretty brilliant and it is
a new concept among conservatives of
fighting fire with fire finally and it's
hard to deny that this new trend of
standing up for yourself wasn't started
by President Trump he was the first GOP
nominee to come along who unlike passive
Republicans of the past isn't scared to
get face to face and go toe to toe with
his accusers and the people who bully
him he doesn't back down and as we saw
from the Cavanagh confirmation a lot of
Republicans are learning from him and
have miraculously become more
righteously indignant it's like somebody
deployed a whole team of surgeons to
Washington and gave them all spine
transplants it's great to see because we
are so used to seeing Republicans take
the high road against accusations of
racism and bigotry and sexism I guess
somehow they thought that not
confronting those accusations would make
them look better I don't know but as we
have seen with this president and his
supporters myself included we are sick
and tired of baseless allegations and of
the hypocrites and Liars making them
getting away with it
so Sabo took the movie poster of
michael myers from the movie halloween
and replace it with Maxine Waters
beautiful face on a big amazing
billboard over Pico Boulevard it's not
entirely hard to connect the two Michael
Myers and Maxine obviously Maxine Waters
is not a serial slasher that we know of
so she's definitely crazy and it
definitely is not hard to find pictures
of crazy Maxine online to use for the
visual now I decided to cruise the
comments for this story and I couldn't
believe how many sheep there were Little
Miss it's my time to shine says I'm not
surprised at all because that's how they
are when you speak up for yourself and
your people I'm a people your people you
are people Oh she meant y-o-u our
education matters y'all and someone
named the original Godiva a black woman
calling herself chocolate that's
actually not original at all but she
says that's so tasteless SM H for
shaking my head why people W why peop le
e not sure if that's supposed to be a
question like why , people or a subpar
lexicon for white people now this dude
actually had something truthful to say
Des Moines YC said this it's called a
curl culture war and it's coming fast we
do the same and worse to them check I
have a feeling representative waters can
handle it I mean to be fair Maxine
doesn't hang out in her actual district
or anywhere near it so the likelihood
that she will actually see the billboard
and therefore have to handle it yes as
microscopic as her ability to tell the
truth but I do love this enterprising
individual who decided to capitalize on
the massive exposure and reach of the
post and deposit a little self-promotion
in the comments section let me know if
you need mixtape covers logos cover arts
cartoon pics animated video at
affordable prices that is a lot of
services you all hit this guy up you can
eat him so needless to say there are a
lot of butthurt liberals over this
billboard they can dish it out but they
can't take it they view it as
disgraceful but they never said a word
when it was the President of the United
States bloody head being used as a
comedy prop
Kathy Kathy Griffin or Snoop Dogg's
music video in which he assassinates the
President or TI's music video recently
where First Lady Melania Trump is
portrayed as a strip
no it's only disgraceful when it's a
liberal being attacked President Trump
gets called a Nazi on the Reg but
portraying Mad Max as a fictitious movie
character crosses the line okay got it
new and ever-changing rules in the
Democrat Party oh I cannot keep up with
them
so Sabo bravo on a hilarious and
brilliant hit job and thank you for
fighting fire with fire keep them coming
thanks so much for watching everybody
I'm Amanda head the hollywood
conservative for the rebels if you
enjoyed my commentary and want to hear
more from all of us here at the rebel
subscribe to our premium content at WWWE
a forward slash shows make sure you're
following us on facebook and twitter for
all of our latest news and download our
new app for the rebel media on the app
store that way you will have instant and
easy access to all of our latest videos
and your favorite rebel shows thanks so
much for watching i'm amanda head ford
the rebel
you
