so did you hear the one about a comedian
that went to Purdue University and
decided to treat his young audience like
adults oh boy did that ever backfire
remember back in 2015 when Jerry
Seinfeld said he would never perform his
stand-up routine at a college campus due
to that virus known as political
correctness well just call mr. Seinfeld
a prophet because Andy Gross who is a
comedian ventriloquist and magician is
still licking his wounds after
triggering the milk's host Mel contends
who attend Purdue University here's an
excerpt from his performance last
Saturday that landed gross in hot water
now parental guidance strongly suggested
for what you are about to see is surely
the 2018 version of the Sapru der
Kennedy assassination footage
I'm drawn right here such a day of
infamy on campus gross convinced a
volunteer from the audience to gasp
touch his leg and then brag that he got
a free feel out of it and then later
during a ventriloquist routine he made
it seem as if his testicles were begging
to be set free all of which is at least
mildly amusing to most reasonable people
but to the snowflakes on campus this
evidently qualifies as sexual harassment
some students walked out others cried
yeah he actually cried and naturally the
ever offended online social media mob
went ballistic
as as so often does demanding that Andy
gross needs to be boycotted yeah that's
right let's economically penalize this
guy right into the poorhouse naturally
terrified of any potential lawsuits
pertaining to allegations that members
of the student body now suffer from PTSD
Purdue officials said gross will not be
booked in the future as well the
university always on standby to cuddle
and comfort its campus creampuffs
actually offered counseling to any
students still feeling rattled by what
they witness it says if 9/11 had just
occurred on campus I suppose and to
think this is Purdue University in
Indiana not Berkeley I thought the folks
in the u.s. Midwest were made of Hardy
or stalk but you know Who I am the most
contempt for it is none other than Andy
grosse not for what he did or said
during his performance but for how he's
react
to the hysterics in the aftermath
instead of rightfully giving the
offended student body a hearty middle
finger
that's something the late great Sam
Kinison would have done now gross
capitulated he apologized here's a
prepared statement from his talent
agency quote Andy Gross is profoundly
sorry that students at Purdue University
were offended during his show this past
weekend and he has performed all
segments of last weekend's act for many
years without complaint including in
venues such as the Laugh Factory the
Comedy Store The Improv and dozens of
venues throughout the United States and
abroad and he has never before been
accused of sexual misconduct or
harassment and he was oblivious and
naive about the current environment on
college campuses and he sincerely
regrets causing any offense or
discomfort to any student participating
end quote Oh Andy you really made a
fatal flaw here my friend those greasy
wheels screaming sexual harassment well
they're not gonna forgive and forget
they'll continue to demonize you and you
only risk losing your street cred with
your core fanbase who fully know that
you did nothing wrong
well what's done is done I suppose as
for next year's entertainment lineup may
I humbly suggest that the organizers of
Purdue University's frosh week steer
clear of booking any stand-up comedians
it's just far too risky rather please
arrange to bring the students to a more
age-appropriate facility for their
entertainment needs say how about the
local chuck-e-cheeses for the rebel
media I'm David the men's Wade Menzies
hey folks the rebel has a new app please
download that app and take the rubble
with you wherever you go
you
