well come back it says lament my friend
Sheila gonna read we are from the Revlon
media and we were standing in beautiful
downtown Halifax it is Saturday and
although the conference the Conservative
Party continues I think last night
marked its Apogee the leader Andrew
Shearer gave a speech that was regarded
by many as wasn't a home run it was a
little bit tepid and I don't know I
think ideologically unclear but I think
if I had to say in Sheila I'd love your
view on this if I had to say what the
defining moment at the conference was
yesterday it was when emotion put
forward by more than 30 grassroots
writing associations to change Andrew
sheers policy on the dairy cartel Supply
Management so more than 30 local routing
associations that we got to change that
but that was placed at the absolute
bottom of the agenda there were 26
resolutions to be debated and they
managed to slow walk at and burn up the
time and slow things down so uh
whoopsies it never even made it to a
vote I think that was the low point and
then it was punctuated with an
exclamation point
when Andrew Shearer went to the dairy
cartel party and posed for victory style
slam dunk style photos with all those
Quebec dairy farmers you got of it's
like dunking in the face not just of
Maxim Bernie who's gone but of these
grassroots members it seemed tone-deaf
to me you know I think tone-deaf is
actually the wrong word because
tone-deaf would imply that that was sort
of an accidental faux pas optics gaffe I
don't think that's what it was at all I
think it was calculated I think was a
thumb in the eye to that 49% of the
party that voted for Maxine Bernier and
at a time when it's pretty clear the
party's pretty fractured now like you
and I were talking earlier I I don't
disagree with a lot of Maxine Bernays
assessment but I do agree with his I do
disagree with his resolution and I think
a lot of party members feel that way
including those thirty some-odd
Roots riding associations who brought
forward this motion and yesterday Andrew
Shearer was flaunting the fact that he
is owned by the dairy cartel in the
party's face and it's pretty evident
there will be no change
yesterday the party organized against
free market principles of all the things
for the Conservative Party that
free-market party to organize against it
was against the free market I mean it
would be one thing if Andrew Shearer and
Leeds MPs went to the floor the party
conventions that people here's why
please support the leader please please
please and then the party spoke and
let's say Andrew she would have carried
the day but they didn't even have the
courage honesty transparency courtesy of
letting it come to a vote it was and I
think that's I think if all these party
members would have lost the vote fair
and square many of them would say well
that's democracy you play the rules of
the game and you accept if you lose the
game but the fact that the rules
themselves were tricked and that there
were shenanigans added to that bad faith
you were talking about and I don't know
if this is some sort of in-your-face
Maxine Bernier well he's gone now that
get that out of your system how about in
your face every conservative who's ever
believed in some sort of a
entrepreneurial free market economy is
it in their face to and I was struck by
the passion with which grassroots
delegates were deeply as upset and I saw
some mainstream media journalists ask
why do you really care about this and a
few the man's very thoughtfully it's
it's not even really about that dairy
cartel that's a small issue it's it's
Andrew Shearer who's obsessed with them
not ordinary folks but this was a symbol
of the democratic process within the
party and is the party truly
conservative Andrew Shearer is still
reveling in the fact that he's in your
face with the dairy cartel tone-deaf
well and I think too as conservatives
especially the Conservative Party they
walk around with the census moral
superiority over the Liberals because we
think that we're the party of discussion
we that can
of movement but right now Andrew Shearer
took the exact same hard line against
discussion about supply management that
Justin Trudeau is taking with regard to
pro-life MPs you know the the Liberal
Party it is a firm party line they can't
even have those discussions within the
party about being pro-life or even if
you know the abortion issue requires a
law at some point they can't even have
that discussion it's completely off
limits
and now we know within the Conservative
Party there are issues that will never
ever be discussed so it's time for them
to get off their high horse there's one
more thing in you and I have talked a
lot about it and joked a lot about a
night and I put it in my monologue
yesterday perhaps the goofiest moment I
hadn't yet come into Halifax you were
sitting with some of our rebels at a
just outdoor patio right across from the
Convention Center because of course
we're officially banned from entering
the building but everyone was coming and
going and we I mean I came later and we
said hi to hundreds of people
Hamish Marshall our former colleague at
the rebel who is now anders whose
campaign manager you guys had a little
hi hello how are you how's your kids
like just small talk whatever normal The
Globe and Mail called that a top story
that's how it was categorized on their
on their website and it was hundreds of
words and Sheila Gunn read said hi and
Hamish said hi and he later said that's
all they silicate was this insane it
wasn't even grade school gossip stuff it
was a weird it was so weird and to me
this was symbolic of the media's
obsession with D personal de platforming
the rebel and the responses to that by
the Conservative Party were even weirder
that they would indulge that
conversation of his as if it was a real
conversation they had talking points to
handle the problem that that that you
were caught having a chat with Hamish
The Globe and Mail was kooky fake news
stupid weird gossipy conspiracy
theorists fine that's their funeral
but the Conservative Party itself played
along with that and that is what will
destroy them in the end the fact that
they allow these Gossip Girls of the
media party to make them afraid of
talking to concerns not just us any
conservative that's what's so
disappointing about this conference yeah
you know it the Conservative Party has
become the enforcers of the media party
when the media party says there are
people you cannot talk to they're glad
to oblige but there was a stark
dichotomy between what the official
conservatives here on the ground how
they're treating us in front of the
cameras and also how they're treating us
when the cameras are gone we've both got
a lot of friends in the Conservative
Party MPs and otherwise and they're
talking to us they're shaking our hands
they're saying hi and also the people
who paid out of pocket and made the trip
from all across the country to Halifax
we had a packed event last night
packed event they all came down and said
to us we are not gonna let the media
party decide for us the grassroots
members who we can and can't talk to and
I think that's the real difference you
know you're talking about we had a
little get-together at the Prince George
hotel last night very nice little hotel
and just going away for this noisy truck
to pass we're downtown the Halifax is
still a hustle bustle even on a Saturday
we had almost 300 people pass through
that room and it was a small room but I
we had a counter I mean we were worried
about the fire code it was a great
evening and we had a range of people
yeah I really enjoyed meeting everybody
and I want to say two things about that
first of all when 10 almost 10,000 party
members sign a petition to Andrews here
saying why you boycotting the rebel and
when almost 300 delegates come to say hi
to the rebel that's a disconnect between
the leadership and the true will of the
party and the number one question people
were saying is why were you banned again
and I honestly can't even articulate it
because I don't even understand it's
just weird and it
and it's these little quirks that you
know everyone's got their quirks but
it's a strange thing for the party to
suck up to the dairy cartel suck up to
the media party and hate not me or you
but I ID a vehicle that so many of its
own members support it I'm gonna give
the mic you four segments and I one more
thought about last night's event and how
the alt left tried to block it but but
give me your thoughts some more on last
night's event you know last night's
event like you said it was a real
diverse range of people and they weren't
scared of the media party they didn't
understand why we had been blocked but
this is just I think it's really
symptomatic of what's going on in the
Conservative Party
Andrew Shearer had a real chance for
reconciliation with Maxine Bernie's
people he had a chance to reconcile with
us and I don't even know what the fight
is and instead of doing those things
he's being spiteful and malicious and I
hope I hope Andrew Shearer gets some
courage and maybe take some direction
from the people who were brave enough to
come to our event last night in the face
of an attempt to deep platform us last
night you know I've known I mean I'm old
enough to have known a number of leaders
of the conservative movement preston
manning cerebral guy but a bit of a cold
fish i mean i I was a volunteer form
worked for him in one form or another
for a decade and in that entire period
of time I think I had two phone calls
from him the whole time that were not
about I mean it like he's not a it's not
a warm embracing guy but people followed
him because he was the visionary he
launched the reform party Stockwell day
for whom I worked for a brief period of
time was the office that he was effusive
he was friendly he was I he would give
you a hug he would remember your
birthday he would send you a little
personal email it was such an
emotionally rewarding relationship
Stephen Harper I didn't I had a range of
experiences with him a bit more of the
aloof personality but underneath it a
sense of humor but mainly smart
strategist a tough decision maker clear
vision executive you could see why he
was a leader
there's a range of different things the
the problem with Andrew Shearer is he
lacks Stephen Harper's command of the
ideology in the philosophy he lacks
Stockwell days tremendous warmth and
interpersonal connection he lacked
Preston Manning's vision I think and
decades of connections so what does
Andrew Shearer
well the parties still sort of waiting
for that and the weird thing is as this
convention comes to its close the two
things that I can say are he loves the
dairy cartel and he doesn't like Maxine
Burnie
you've got to stand for something off
for something more than that and the
pettiness with which he's dealt with
Bernie who's gone now you don't have to
be fighting anymore he's gone Bernie's
people and also regular conservatives
who don't like cartel that in your face
I'm going to their party the weird you
know Stalinist your unperson treatment
of the rebel I'm not sensing what the
appeal is here and I've worked with or
for a variety of conservative leaders
each of who had their strengths and
weaknesses I'm still trying to
understand who Andrew shear is and maybe
the country is - yeah like you said we
only know that he likes dairy farmers I
I'm not convinced that he has a
commitment to free market principles I'm
not convinced he has a commitment to
free speech despite all of his
protestations to the other one -
otherwise I'm not convinced that he's
going to do those things that
conservatives like me I'm cheering for
Andrew Shearer I want him to take on the
media party everybody we talked to since
we got here wants him to take on the
media party and he's scared he's acting
as an enforcer for the media party and I
think in the end that's going to fail
him he has to gather up all these
fractured conservatives and be a cue
manacle with them and I'm not seeing
that I'm seeing a lot of spite I want to
say one more thing I meant to racist
earlier about the Prince George Hotel I
really enjoyed that we we met hundreds
of people people stayed late and there
was a very exciting we met people from
all across the country what was fun
isn't everyone on their badge
nametag would have the riding there from
so I'd say we probably had 75 different
ridings represented there last night it
was great and everyone who attended was
in some way defying the party ban on
hanging out with a rebel but I want to
talk about one thing not to do with the
Conservatives and when we let it be
known that we were having this
hospitality suite the alt left anti-fur
types started phoning the hotel
threatening them with economic boycotts
and at least two phone calls threatened
them with physical violence if they did
not cancel our hospitality suite and by
hospitality suite it was just a fairly
small room with a little bar that's
Lewis and the people who were coming
were really just delegates to this
convention you know severely normal mums
and dads from across the country some
young folks to the hotel was wobbled
they've never seen anything like it and
because they had literally threats of
violence phoned in bomb threats style
terrorist style to Halifax police were
stationed there now obviously these
Twitter cowards
you know keyboard warriors who were
stalking so tough including a local NDP
politician can you believe that
so so this convention comes to town and
you and I being criticized singing
Andrew Shearer in Mexican Bernie or
whatever and I'm talking about that I'm
talking about the convention you got
thousands of people coming to town
spending probably more than a million
bucks between hotel and restaurants the
taxis and and like it's it's a it's a
good thing for Halifax it's a tourist
thing that's what a convention centers
for it's not just a left-wing convention
center it's left wing right wing no wing
whatever
hotels you can travel here it doesn't
matter who you are you want to say how
about you can get a room this weird
leftist D platforming that Andrew Scheer
is mimicking now they 150 bullying phone
calls to the hotel including to threats
of violence hundreds of tweets
threatening the hotel and I have to give
them huge kudos they're not conservative
they're not liberal there are hotel
we pay the money for a room and drinks
we're customers we we weren't asking
them to endorse anything we say hey got
a room to rent great we're in the room
renting business that is super gross and
I was a little surprised they didn't
buckle but I'm not surprised that the
alt left in this country is actually
threatening what is threatening violence
if you don't make a political decision
is that not a definition of terrorism it
is but like most leftist cowards they
didn't even show up they didn't even
show up they said that they threatened
the hotel with MA with a mob of people
coming down there they were an online
mob but when having to do it to
somebody's face to destroy somebody's
business to their face they can't do it
they don't have the guts to do it
much like Andrew Shearer didn't have the
guts to talk to us yeah you know when I
went to deliver the petition yesterday
they didn't even send a junior party
staffer they didn't even send a security
guard they sent a student intern of the
convention center that's a little bit
cowardly it's tough to say something
harsh to someone's face and it's
journalists we do that sometimes and
it's unusual because we're used to
normal humans are used to being polite
it's it was quite cowardly of an tyfa
and i would say if anyone's coming to
Halifax left or right liberal or
conservative you should stay at the
Prince George Hotel just to counteract
the bullying of the left-wing mob and
and as a thank you to them for standing
firm they've never been through that
before and they couldn't understand that
they said why did this come because they
saw our people friendly folks there was
nothing objectionable whatsoever they
just couldn't understand it because it's
not normal what anti-fur did all right
we've been going at it for a while here
I've enjoyed the visit to Halifax I had
one or two fish cakes
what yeah well you know when you're in
Halifax you're gonna have fish cakes
what are you gonna do I mean you're
gonna come now Bernie up stakes last
word do you Sheila what do you what's
your takeaway from this weekend my
takeaway from this weekend is despite
the fact that the party itself is
fractured I think people are coalescing
around us I think it's having the exact
opposite effect that the mainstream
media and their enforcers in the
Conservative Party thought their deep
platforming of us would have I think
people are coalescing around us
they're supportive of us and they're
happy that we came to tell the other
side of the story well in case anyone's
wondering what the position of the rebel
is its we support conservatives when
they're conservative and we criticize
some of them when they're not no one
that's done more to criticize Justin
Trudeau in this country than we have I
wrote a book about it called trumping
Trudeau you wrote a book about various
things whether Rachel Notley the
destroyers or the unauthorized biography
David Suzuki we don't need lessons from
anyone in taking on Justin Trudeau in
fact sort of the opposite when someone
is becoming a Trudeau light and leading
a Liberal Party a conservative party
that's where we weigh in so our job
continues whether or not Andrew Shearer
hides from us and that is to defeat
Justin Trudeau but not just with anyone
or anything with an alternative that's
truly conservative and judging by the
hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of
concerti the Conservative Party members
who came to our events and the nearly
10,000 who signed our petition in two
days I think we know our place I just
hope that Andrews here finds his on
behalf of all of us here at the Revlon
thank you by the way to those of you who
crowd funded our flights and our Airbnb
rooms we stayed in an Airbnb to try and
save some dough thank you for helping
fly us out here I thought it was useful
even though we weren't permitted in the
inner sanctum I think that was a useful
lesson in itself on behalf of us here at
the rebel dot media to you at home
bye-bye and keep fighting for freedom
