here's a general principle when the
police come want to come and talk to you
about something that maybe it did don't
talk to them oh my gosh how's this rise
how does this come up why am i talking
about this well of course because Bob
Muller and his band of Hillary loving
pink Oh slime
thug pseudo prosecutor crooks are trying
to get Donald Trump to talk to them why
the hell would you ever do that now I
love how Rudy Giuliani is kind of like
toying with he's like well maybe you
will but maybe you won't he better not
okay it is a bad idea it's a bad idea on
every single level why would you not
talk to the cops why would you not talk
to Moe I mean talk didn't do anything we
all know he didn't do anything
we all understand he didn't do anything
and that's kind of the point and the
point being is there's no reason to talk
to them well there's almost never any
reason let's be clear when the police
are investing a crime they are not your
friend
they are not trying to find that you are
innocent they are trying to find proof
that you were guilty Wow you know
anything and why would you exercise the
constitutional right against
self-incrimination but I ask yourself if
self-incrimination that is being able
the the government being able to force
you to testify against yourself if that
was so harmless why did they think it
was important enough to put it up there
in the bill oh right you know with your
freedom of speech or freedom of religion
your frame to keep in bear arms because
it is not only abusable but it is always
abused always but again cardio you
didn't do anything Tom didn't do it he
just has to go and tell them they didn't
do anything no no no no no no no none of
that matters it's called a perjury trap
that is where someone can be trapped
into being accused of not committing but
accused of perjury without actually
having done it
you
