on May 14th 1948 the Jewish state of
Israel declared its independence for the
first time in 2,000 years the Jewish
people attained autonomy and
self-determination in their historic
homeland
today seventy years later despite
immense challenges and in the face of
ever-present threats Israel has
developed into a diverse and prosperous
democracy I was born here
before relocating to the United States
the Israeli identity and experience is
unique among the nations
the Jewish state embodies the rich a
dark history of the Jewish people
calamity preceded the establishment of
Israel it was born in the ashes of the
Holocaust
as Israelis it's our obligation to
remember the torment the suffering and
the loss of the generation before us but
yet in a peculiar way we understand that
we're only here not only in spite of the
Holocaust but because of it we must
never forget but we must also attempt to
understand the forces that caused it I
started researching anti Zionist and
anti-semitic conspiracy theories as they
became more and more common on the
internet videos and articles posted on
popular sites like YouTube and Facebook
promote world conspiracy theories about
secret groups of Zionists or Jews the
terms are used interchangeably theories
about economics about the media and
world events
almost every historical event from World
War 1 to 9/11 from the death of JFK to
the death of Princess Diana is blamed on
a secret Jewish plot a new to bolon
there are thousands of videos with tens
of thousands of years I would say that
Isis stands for Israeli secret
intelligence services it's a perfect
acronym for who is bulk benefiting most
from Isis this is not some conspiracy
 theory a man affiliation Patricia
McAlister I'm here representing myself
but I do work from a Los Angeles Unified
School District and I think that the
Zionist Jews who are running these big
banks and our Federal Reserve which is
not run by the federal government they
need to be run out of this country sure
sure so Zionism is it's basically an
ideology in which a few people at the
top from a specific religious group
control the masses and most people have
no idea they've never heard the term but
it's probably the biggest problem we
have in the world today
the truth is with David Duke hello this
is David Duke it seems every time I'm on
a talk show and I bring up the subject
of Jewish media influence you would
think that somebody let out a loud one
in church
we want to feel like we know what's
happening we want to know and we build
theories we build narratives we build
belief systems and structures that help
us understand our world of experience
the Jewish people in general have been
mercilessly used by the House of
Rothschild and their front secret
society such a satanic secret society
called that Zionism it's not just
conspiracy theorists theorists that do
this it's all of us that do this it's
just how we approach our world and again
the motivation behind it is to have a
sense of control have a sense of
understanding
that I know what's going on and I can
predict what's going to happen in the
future now what happens with conspiracy
theorists well that's a good question
I mean at what point do we take our
normal personal theories even though
they may be racist or sexist or
homophobic or whatever how do we take
those theories and then start thinking
that there's a huge plot behind it that
there's an organized reason that
someone's trying to do this and that's
maybe where you get into things like you
know fear and insecurities and worldview
threats and all of this sort of thing we
don't like our theories to be attacked
we don't like our theories and our
worldviews to be under attack it's
threatening to us to think that we don't
know how the world works I was disturbed
to discover that these theories
sometimes escape the dark corners of the
internet and enter the mainstream with
very little attention or condemnation in
2013 Chuck Hagel was appointed defense
secretary under President Obama in the
Senate hearing Lindsey Graham questioned
Hagel about previous references he had
made to the so-called Jewish lobby
Jewish lobby intimidates a lot of people
up here I'm not an Israeli senator I'm a
United States Senator this pressure
makes us do dumb things at times we said
the Jewish lobby should not have been
that term should have been used it
should have been some other term name
one person in your opinion who's
intimidated by the Israeli Lobby in the
United States Senate well first one I
don't know well why would you say it I
didn't have in mind a specific first
degree it's a provocative statement
though give me an example of where we've
been intimidated by the Israeli Jewish
lobby to do something dumb regarding the
Mideast Israel or anywhere else well I
can't give you a job thank you that
exchanged led to this exchange on HBO's
real time with
there's two things wrong with that one
is that it's it's you know kind of
suggesting Israeli powers controlling
things number two is that of all the
branches in the government the State
Department being a pro is the most
pro-israel branch is basic not based on
every statement I've heard out of any
Republican in the last two years the
Israelis are controlling our government
not the State Department that's the
trick okay and that exchange led to this
statement by Louis Farrakhan at the
National Press Club in Washington and
they have not left me alone since
special interests along with Zionists
eight-pack robbing America of the
principle of democracy and
representative government the record is
there now thirty years later after
beating the heck out of me for all those
years they're finally getting up enough
courage to tell it like it is over the
years Farrakhan has made other
disturbing statements Hitler was a very
great man
The Satanic Jews
they control everything mostly everybody
the same people that control the bank's
control the media
there were many Israelis and Zionist
Jews in key roles in the 9/11 attacks
Farrakhan isn't considered a mainstream
voice but you received support from
popular activists like Tameka Mallory
and Linda Sarsour I want to thank you
again Minister Farrakhan on this panel
at the new school SAR sir claims that
she and Minister Farrakhan are being
misrepresented by the so-called Jewish
media to the Jewish community something
really bad is gonna happen and we're
gonna miss the mark on it in 2012 an
artist posted a picture to Facebook of
this mural he had painted it depicts
stereotypical Jewish caricatures sitting
around a Monopoly board which represents
the World Bank's above them is the
all-seeing Eye of Providence a popular
symbol for conspiracy or secret plots a
British politician and activist
commented on the post complimenting the
artists first work that politician is
currently the head of the British Labour
Party and a challenger for the seat of
Prime Minister Jeremy Corbyn
we need actually to condemn absolutely
the act of war by Israel against the
Palestinian people say that tomorrow
evening will be my pleasure my honor to
host an event in Parliament where
Hezbollah as well unfortunately the
Israelis would not allow them to travel
here so it's going to be only friends
and husband are the West to Israel
professor bailiwick can you tell me a
little bit about your research and the
work that you do so I'm social
psychologist and working at the
University of Warsaw I was always
interested in Polish Jewish relations in
general and studying prejudice towards
different ethnic groups ethnic
minorities and at certain point I
discovered that the prejudice against
Jewish people are substantially
different from any other forms of
prejudice and prejudice targeting other
religious or ethnic minorities and I
started asking myself what is so special
about that and reading a lot of
literature and doing more studies and
what did you find
ultimately I found that it's much of
that is because of the conspiracy
beliefs about Jews as a whole so it's
not stereotypes of individual Jewish
people it's about belief about
collective entity about a collective
collective entity here meaning Jewish
people as a certain as a certain
organized entity organized agent what
are some typical beliefs and Jewish
conspiracy thinking usually what we find
in our research is the belief that Jews
are first of all there is a belief of
Jewish control over media
over an economy and over politics and
that Jews exerted this influence using
secret plots using secret secret
contacting secret secret secret plots
and secret agreements are there any
social triggers to make these conspiracy
theories more popular to people there
are certain economic circumstances like
situation of crisis under Christ and the
economic crisis people have heightened
need of explanation they want to explain
what has happened to them and scientific
explanations that are for example you
know dealing with economy and the real
economic sources of the problems are too
complicated now if you don't understand
something you need you need to simplify
the explanation and then the Jewish
conspiracy we need is the kind of
simplified explanation it gives very
what we sometimes call it mono causal
explanation so it gives one simple cause
that can explain all reality so this is
one trigger one trigger is the economic
hardships economic crisis and then
people seek for simple explanations the
second armed trigger that we find in our
research is political activist Asian
conspiracy believes about Jewish
conspiracies become more salient in
times of political campaigns probably
because at that time also people started
to thinking about politics start asking
questions that they usually do not ask
so this is this is another trigger of a
conspiracy and powerlessness related to
politics probably has something to do
with that right if you have a sense that
you do not have control over politics
you ask yourself okay then who has this
control so ultimately you start thinking
okay there must be some conspiracy
behind all of that so there must be some
control of some agents over our over our
politics fear see theories are about
power you always accuse a group that is
either powerful in fact or you assume
that they're powerful what conspiracy
theories were we talking about during
the George W Bush years
Bush did 9/11 and Bush and Cheney were
conspiring to do all sorts of stuff
there was war for oil and they were you
know Halliburton so all sorts of things
we were talking about the George W Bush
administration doing and then Obama
comes into office no one gives a
about those anymore
9/11 truth becomes socially an earth
doesn't matter because now we have Obama
and the people that were ringing the
bell about the Republicans being up to
no good
they stopped ringing the bell cuz their
team was now in power and the
Republicans started ringing the bell
who's this Obama guy where is he from is
that birth certificate real so you can
see this powerlessness in turmoil push
people towards conspiracy thinking
but then the question is why the Jews I
decided to find out
you
in order to understand the Jewish
conspiracy theory in the modern day we
have to look to its origins in history
we have to go back in time back to one
man this man his name has been mostly
lost to history but in his time he was a
well-known religious writer his name is
Abbot Augustine Burwell and her story
starts with him but in order to
understand what he did you have to
understand the air in which he lived the
era of one of the most important events
in human history the era of the French
Revolution can you start by talking
about the status of Jews before the
French Revolution yes in a word
terrible they had no legal status France
was a officially legally Catholic state
that did not practice religious
tolerance the only religion that had any
legal standing was a follow system they
were non citizen they couldn't own land
and they were easily identifiable this
they can always be kicked out and they
were put in exile repeatedly throughout
the centuries they had almost no rights
our privileges whatsoever none of them
had rights but they had very few
privileges indeed if any they they
didn't exist as far as the French state
was concerned this old social structure
would be threatened as the ideals of the
Enlightenment began to take hold
this wasn't just a political revolution
it was a social revolution that proposed
to change the status of the way
individuals were view
up to that point France had been
governed by a system dominated entirely
by the king who was an absolute monarch
the nobility and the church and everyone
else was shut out of political life and
the revolution completely destroyed the
system the old regime the ancien régime
as it was known was completely
overthrown in 1789 the estates-general
was convened to deal with a collapsing
French economy this assembly consisted
of three estates one estate of the
clergy one estate of the nobility and
one estate the Third Estate of the
people the Third Estate was the largest
by far and when they were told that each
estate would have equal voting power
despite their sizes the people resisted
the estate of the people began meeting
on their own and deemed themselves the
new National Assembly this was an attack
on the traditional order and the bold
pivot towards freedom this was the
beginning of the French Revolution what
did the revolutionaries believe our
claim to represent they claim to
represent the principles of the
Enlightenment of reason of progress of
modernity and how did they feel about
religion the Phyllis of the
Enlightenment thinkers of the 18th
century people like Voltaire in
Rousseau favorite religious toleration
most were anti-christian not atheists
somewhere atheists very few most would
what are called deists they believed in
a sort of vague general idea of God but
we're not Christians and so they
supported getting Jews equal rights
there's no reason not to give
citizenship to everybody and that's what
actually happened since the
revolutionaries believed in removing the
church from authority
this meant that non Catholics like
Protestants and Jews could be granted
citizenship and civil rights in 1791 the
National Assembly made a historic decree
this assembly revoked all adjournments
reservations and exceptions inserted
into the previous decrees relative to
Jewish individuals who will swear the
Civic oath was this decree a major
turning point it allowed Jews to enter
the public realm at least in principle
for 2,000 years Jews were a vulnerable
minority without political power
I think Jews have to be enormous ly
appreciative of that moment in history
the French Revolution is remembered as
very violent did it start out that way
order to gradually get violent the first
phase of the revolution was relatively
restrained
although violent the monarchy for
example persisted in the first phase it
did not France had not become a republic
right away but eventually it became more
extreme it declared itself a republic
and then it put the king on trial and
then it executed the king and then the
Hat you had the period called the reign
of terror under Robespierre and that was
extremely bloody in 1793 the jacobins an
extreme left-wing group led by
maximilien robespierre took control of
the National
assembly and began what's referred to as
the reign of terror the jacobins
unleashed a brutal wave of violence and
right-wing monarchists nobles and
counter revolutionaries in total 17,000
people would be murdered during the
reign of terror mostly by guillotine and
without due process or trial this reign
of terror would end with ropes spears
execution in 1794 but it would leave an
impact on a certain right wing and
counter revolutionary author Augustine
Burrell
he was a counter revolutionary a
clergyman and he put forward the thesis
that the French Revolution was brought
about by a conspiracy of enlightenment
philosophers Freemasons and the
International Illuminati in 1798 Burrell
published his best-selling four volume
book memoirs illustrating the history of
Jacobin ISM in it Burrell described a
massive international conspiracy between
the European Freemasons the Bavarian
Illuminati the Knights Templar and the
Philosopher's
he claimed a French Revolution was an
evil plot planned long and advanced with
the primary goal of attacking God in the
Catholic Church
like many reactionary Christians Burrell
needed an explanation for the
anti-christian revolution and he found
one in the form of a conspiracy theory
Burrell wrote everything was foreseen
premeditated combined and resolved upon
all had been prepared by men who alone
held a clue to these conspiracies
conceived in secret societies the grand
cause of the revolution is all to be
found in one chain of plots what
motivated Burwell to write this book
there was an anti-christian message it
was very central to the revolutionary
project and Burrell who was himself a
Jesuit
and the clergymen objected very strongly
to this amongst other things and indeed
also he was a monarchist like many of
the counter revolutionaries and he
objected to not just the overthrow of
the monarchy but the execution of the
king and his wife Marie Antoinette in
France power passed from the monarchy of
which the church was foundational to the
people and that shift and power is so
huge it almost seems inevitable that
people would turn to conspiracy theories
to make sense of it and I think now you
get into a whole other arena you get
into the whole question of power
equations who holds the reins of power
how they exercise power and against whom
those in power behave for centuries
people had believed at the church and
monarchy were given power by God and
almost an instant that power was gone so
people started wondering who or what was
in control who was really in charge and
so all those theories are basically
trying to answer that question and of
course the answer that they found was
well we don't really know exactly but we
can designated people who are trying to
manipulate the world the revolution
would end in 1799 under the military
dictatorship of Napoleon Bonaparte was
Napoleon on the revolutionary side or on
the counter of illusionary side where
did he stand well he he took a
moderating position Jacobin simply tried
to crush the church napoleon pulled back
from that and he sought a rapprochement
with the church napoleon made
concessions to the church and the
nobility but he was ultimately a child
of the Enlightenment
and Napoleon believed in spreading these
ideas as the polian expanded his empire
wherever Napoleon's forces went they
would implement the revolutionary edicts
including Jewish emancipation he plunged
Europe into into war he had of course
these megalomaniacal ambitions all
that's true but he was also in a certain
way the fulfillment of the Enlightenment
ideal so the emancipation of Jews and
France was big but then Napoleon starts
spreading it to the rest of Europe as
Napoleon became more successful in his
military conquest he began to impose
Jewish citizenship on Prussia for
example Napoleon when he came in to
Italy for example systematically
released Jews from the ghetto Jews came
pouring out of the ghetto and and met
Napoleon baring in their hands the
tricolour rosette the symbol of the
French Revolution Napoleon had hoped
that with emancipation the Jews were
totally assimilate and completely
abandoned their Jewish identity when it
became clear that they weren't going
away Napoleon decided to find a way to
impose a simulation on the Jews Jews had
not only to be politically emancipated
from the outside but internally
emancipated from Judaism when that
didn't happen immediately that is to say
the Jews were given rights but they
didn't disappear as a people he decided
in the 1889 period and a little
to do what he could to forcibly
assimilate Jews he had this idea let's
convene a revised form of the ancient
Jewish law court or Sun had green as it
was known in ancient times and this he
brought about 71 officials of the Jewish
community were convened in Paris and
Napoleon had submitted to them a series
of 12 groups of questions that he
deliberately posed to these Jewish
representatives wanting to know for
example is it lawful for a Jew to marry
multiple wives is it lawful for a Jew to
marry a non Jew how do you feel toward
France is it really your country do you
really consider yourselves to be French
citizens the Jews of the Sanhedrin
didn't see any problem with adapting to
French society they stated the Jews have
at all times considered it their duty to
obey the laws of the state and that
since the Revolution they like all
Frenchmen have acknowledged no others
the Sanhedrin would only convene a
handful of times and was dissolved as an
official body shortly after being
instituted but it was the creation of
the Sanhedrin that inspired the final
element and Burrell's conspiracy theory
which was eventually called the Napoleon
Sanhedrin
a very very big piece no but we'll oh
that was silent 1,800 years now I know
who really made it the French Revolution
it was not the groups and the secret
societies that I was looking after it
was the Jews and this was revealed to
him apparently he's
by someone else Cipollini who till this
very day we don't know whether it exists
or not but obviously this was the
beginning of a huge conspiracy theory
that was the Jews in 1806 Borel received
a bizarre letter from a mysterious
Italian military officer named JB Simon
Eenie in the letter cemani praised
Burrell's book but suggested that he
missed the most powerful part of the
conspiracy the top of the pyramid the
group that controlled all of the other
groups the jews the letter stated they
promised themselves to be masters of the
world to abolish all other sects in
order to make fares rain to make as many
synagogues of the churches of the
christians and to reduce the rest of
these to a true slavery the cemani
letter and Burrell's book together
constitute the first incarnation and
foundation of the Jewish Masonic
conspiracy theory the idea that Jews use
institutions and secret groups to
dominate and enslave the world
for the people that oppose the
revolution that they make a connection
between the Revolution and Jews that
those two things become linked and the
minds of counter revolutionaries there's
the the position amongst traditional
Catholics seeing the coincidence of Jews
during the Revolution having their
status elevated to full citizens and
seeing the position of the church
overthrown simultaneously and it was
that that cemented in the minds of many
traditional Catholics the that there was
some kind of link between the Revolution
and Jews there's no question that in an
event like the French Revolution there
are winners and there are losers
the losers meaning the church the church
hierarchy certain peasant groups are in
aristocratic groups oil saw the Jews as
part of a wave of revolutionary
transformation that they were not happy
with the French Revolution changed the
socio political landscape of Europe and
the course of Western civilization in
reaction the Jewish conspiracy theory
was born here a hateful byproduct of
revolutionary transformation and turmoil
anti-jewish sentiment turned into a
conspiracy theory at the time of the
Crusades and festered and grew from a
number of centuries slowly
it's only with the French Revolution
which was arguably the biggest event up
to that date large complex mystifying is
only then that a number of analysts
tried to explain this development
through conspiracy theories and some of
them not all by any means turn to Jews
as the people who had caused the French
Revolution
the revolutionary push was halted when
Napoleon's defeat at Waterloo in 1815 at
the Congress of Vienna European
delegates met to restore order and
negotiate territorial lines monarchies
were restored and the old order was
reinstated some states maintain the
Jewish emancipation edicts while others
rescinded them it was a a partial
restoration by this point forces had
been unleashed by the revolution that
you couldn't just ignore or eliminate so
after the Revolution the Jews began
entering European society were they
overall successful how did they do
there's no question Jews flourished in a
way they hadn't flourished before what
has to remember all the disabilities all
the religious limitations they could be
members of the Guild's they couldn't be
members of political bodies they
couldn't serve in the army their
economic life was restricted to the
margins and to very dark issues like
usury so when they were given
opportunities Jews flooded out of the
ghettos into general society they had
the advantage of knowing how to live in
cities most were literate most would new
writ and so the new opportunities
presented by the growing capitalism the
growth of Industry the new prominence of
cities all played to an advantage for
Jews why do you think that they did so
well but I would argue that the reason
they were so successful is that
basically for the last 3,000 years those
are the rules that Jewish culture had
been playing by so when Gentile culture
adopted these rules and said okay you
choose you can play by the same rules
that be judged by the same standards as
we are the Jews were like you know they
were readers they they were well
practiced in all of these things whether
it's a
the professions whether it's medicine
whether it's journalism whether it's
science carrots you know all of these
things were things that that the people
who had been playing and thinking the
way the Jews had been playing and
thinking could adopt very readily to it
was hoped that with emancipation and
acceptance anti-jewish sentiment would
go away but now the Jews were competing
in the marketplace the old resentments
were replaced with new ones
Jews are now entering into professions
and they're taking our slots at
universities for example in the military
in the professions and medicine law
what-have-you so there was a real and
growing backlash that began to be more
and more evidenced across Europe what
conspiracy theories about Jews popular
at that time in the early 19th century
conspiracy theories were about democracy
most conspiracy theories were about how
some secret bow of often Masons were
involved in the aim of bringing down the
monarchy and the aristocracy and
establishing a society which they could
dominate for some this fear of secret
societies and resentment towards the
newly emancipated Jews could easily be
linked in 1816 prominent academic jacob
friedrich fries wrote of all secret and
political societies and states within
the state the jews are the most
dangerous famine struck europe in 1816
and 1819 the hip hip riots broke out the
angry mobs destroyed jewish businesses
and attacked individual jews there was
around this time
another important development was taking
place in Europe the rise of nationalism
so now we're after the French Revolution
why does nationalism become so
widespread is an interesting thing it
starts up earlier in the 19th century
with the movement to try to break up the
various empires remember if you look at
a map of Europe at 1800 the center of
Europe is dominated by the
austro-hungarian Empire the Ottoman
Empire spreads all over the Middle East
the British Empire as they say he had a
worldwide influence of which the Sun
never set
so nationalism at its roots here where
people saw not the Empire as important
but as national the breakdown of these
major empires into nation-states and as
the church breaks down nationalism kind
of comes in and fills that void the
breakdown of the church is the breakdown
of community and so now people begin to
rethink who they are and where they are
and where is the community of which I am
apart the nationalist belief of the
people was connected to the land and
they were united in their common
cultures languages and heritage the
romanticized nationalism became popular
in the arts paintings Illustrated
romantic depictions of one's nation
national folklore and fairy tales were
used to inspire and promote national
pride the Brothers Grimm fairy tales
were published in 1812 the German
folktales included Snow White Cinderella
and the Sleeping Beauty people who share
an identity are now looking for a new
way to cluster to identify themselves
then the question becomes what do you
use for cement how do you give people an
identity in a nation-state instead of
thing himselves as austro-hungarian how
do people start to think about
selves as Hungarian or Austrian or in
the Ottoman Empire Bulgarian or Greek or
Turkish nationalism was a necessary tool
in combating multi-ethnic empires and
kingdoms but it created a problem for
people with different customs that had
just begun entering society you have to
be part of the land you have to speak
the language part of the national
religion the Jews were none of these
things they spoke their own languages
they had their own religion they were
seen as a foreign nation they weren't of
the nation and therefore nationalism
definitely fed into excuses for
justifications for indeed Judaism with
the rise of nationalism there was a
question of whether or not Jews should
be included in the national identities
this was known as a Jewish question in
1831 Heinrich Paulus and Gabriel Reiser
would debate the Jewish Question Germany
Paulus an aristocrat opposed to Jewish
emancipation stated civil rights are to
be denied to the Jews because they
apparently wish to remain a nation apart
from those nations that have provided
them shelter they must demonstrate that
they no longer consider themselves as
members of a necessarily separate
self-sufficient people of God in
response
Rieser a Jew argued the vigorous tones
of the German language and the songs of
German poets ignite and nurture the holy
desire of freedom in her breasts
we wish to belong to the German
fatherland we can insured and may be
required by the German state to do all
that it just lis requires citizens we
will readily sacrifice everything for
this state at the time of the Paulus
Reiser debate and 1831 did most Jews
want emancipation
yeah almost all of the Jews in Germany
did want emancipation they increasingly
considered themselves German they had
given up for the most part that you day
or German that they had spoken and spoke
German like everyone else they had gone
to German schools they had gone to
German universities they felt German
they wanted to be able to participate in
government service so there were many
reasons why they wanted emancipation in
1848 revolution broke out all over
Europe as in the French Revolution the
people demanded liberal reform and
national independence from the European
monarchies 1848 was like the Arab Spring
in fact it was called the springtime of
the people's and there were revolutions
all over the place and the question that
I guess needs to be answered or which a
good reactionary wants to answer is this
if you believe that God has created a
Divine Right of Kings that everybody is
in his proper place that Christian
civilization works for everybody or
almost everybody well why would they be
revolt a writer and friends which are to
answer that very question in 1853 count
Joseph Arthur of dagoba knew a French
aristocrat an opponent to liberalism but
try to explain the reasons for the
French Revolution and the 1848
revolutions with his most famous work an
essay on the inequality of the human
races in it Govan you argued there
race-mixing was responsible for the
upheaval in Europe he believed that the
aristocrats and royalty were made up of
the purest race the Aryan race and the
pollution of the Aryan race was
responsible for bringing chaos to Europe
Koby news book represents one of the
first examples of pseudo scientific
racism kokkonen wrote as nations become
greater more powerful and more civilized
their blood loses its purity and their
instincts are gradually altered as a
result it becomes impossible for them to
live happily under the laws that suited
their ancestors cope a new didn't
mention the Jews are the Jewish
conspiracy theory but someone who would
come to respect his racial theories
would Richard Guevara in 1850 and in
1869 founder published his vicious tract
Judaism and music Wagner talks about how
Jews don't can't sing that there there's
this idea again of the the sort of true
culture is only the European are en
right has the true culture the Jew
cannot speak properly cannot sing that
all the ideas are poisonous you know so
he really goes after Jews in in this
track is pretty heinous vogner wrote a
language is not the work of one man but
its mode of expression its development
are the joint emanation of an ancient
community and only he whose life has
been fostered within that community can
expect to take part in its creations but
along with his Jehovah stood the Jew
outside all such his race divided and
bereft of native land with all
development denied to it foul nerds were
the Jew by listening either to her
simple or to her professedly artistic
music to endeavor to trace the heart and
soul of its in her life he would be
inevitably driven to the conclusion that
these present nothing in common with his
own musical nature and finally we can
only regard this prayer for emancipation
of the Jews from us as a singularly
childish petition seeing that our own
condition is much rather one justifying
an appeal to be delivered from them in
the present state of things the Jew is
more than free for he dominates and
vogner we can see how the Jewish
conspiracy theory can be fused with
nationalism and racism anti-jewish
turned into any Semitic because it
became no longer specifically the
religion it became the race so-called
attributes of the race ideas of that
sort
it's shifts from being religious to
racial and it's in that century that we
see the dawn the birth of what we can
properly call racial anti-semitism which
in his own way is even more insidious
because prior to this time if you're
Jewish and you want to escape
persecution and Prejudice its convert to
Christianity and in fact some Jews who
converted to Christianity actually rose
to high position even as clerics in the
Christian Church but with racial
anti-semitism that's no longer an option
Jewishness is an inky black substance in
the blood and you cannot escape it so by
the mid 19th century religion lost a lot
of its influence and hatred of Jews
which had always been based on religion
should have gone away but instead of
kind of evolved with the new trends in
society what happened was people will
finding reasons new reasons for what
they believed on instinct then they say
the anti-semitic tradition of the
fifteen hundred years prior to the
French Revolution was so powerful that
it couldn't be expunged or eliminated
all at once by the revolution but
religion as you say had declined in
influence the idea that people were a
deus idol community that they practice
blood libels and poisoning of the wells
had lost a lot of their influence and
what people were trying to do was to
find new secular reasons reasons that
seem more plausible more scientific more
acceptable rational in an age which look
to science and rationality and the
Enlightenment as justification suppose
so for example now you get nationalism
romanticism capitalism these are the new
isms that become the foundation for
anthing Judaism as compared to the
charge of deicide or myths about Jews
and the devil
the revolutions of 1848 were ultimately
suppressed but as in the past while
political revolution was slow economic
and social revolution continued the 19th
century was marked by industrial and
scientific revolution the burgeoning
sciences were being applied practically
and changing the everyday lives of
people by the 1850s the railroad had
created new economic opportunities all
over the world free trade and
globalization created prosperity and
wealth but not everybody would reap the
benefits of change can you talk about
how the economic changes in the late
19th century hurt some people before
that time going all the way back to the
Middle Ages you had had guilds for the
various occupations whether it was
carpenters Coopers shoemakers whatever
it might have been individual
independent guilds men and this changed
as large factories came along where you
had owners and employees where
individuals no longer could make a
living making shoes on their own when
there were factories that could make
them much more cheaply
and it's very parallel to the global
national split that's happening today in
which there are certain big winners from
this sort of an ecumenical embrace
inclusive identity which is not too
narrow and the countryside which is in
fact in many cases suffering from this
and so you get this alliance between a
disgruntled people and a former elite
that views the Jews increasingly as the
agents of their self and how did the
Jews adapt to those changes Jews moved
up the social and economic scale they
also became more visible as they
urbanized how some their names appeared
on major retail firms in the major
cities so that the Jews were far more
visible at that point we see the decline
of ordinary manufacture of home clothing
by seams distres and the tailor's now
you start to get department stores and
department stores have a name on them
and Jews are disproportionally
influential in department stores and so
in every Main Street you have a Jewish
store that is prominent this major
change in society was not something easy
to explain that all the more feeds the
notion of conspiracy when Jews were
ghettoized
well they're off to the side somewhere
but now they're everywhere
they're among us and they're stretching
out their tentacles as never before to
dominate to control through finance and
politics the very core of our nation
state
in 1857 in 1866 there were international
economic panics in 1873 the free trade
bubble head pops the world plummeted
into what was referred to at the time as
the Great Depression countries
immediately implemented protectionist
policies and a conservative wave spread
through Europe it was a major economic
crisis in 1873 people trying to explain
that people find reasons for blaming the
Jews for the economic crisis the Jews
had bankrupted the important banks that
bankrupted the market that had
manipulated shares and the Panama
company a lot of different things did
people use conspiracy theories to
explain the 1873 economic crisis
conspiracy theories tend to provide easy
answers to disasters that probably have
almost certainly have complicated
explanations it was at this time in the
late 19th century that the Jewish
conspiracy theory would find the mass
audience in Europe and begin spreading
like a cancer in 1869 broderick Avenida
musu a French journalist and devout
Catholic wrote the aim of the Jew whose
conviction is reversed by that of the
Christian is to Judy eyes the world and
destroy this Christian civilization such
as the reason which makes us call the
act of Jew the missionary of evil does
did Juna hold in his hands the sons of
all these secret societies which now
rule the most powerful states of the
earth if disorder are so profound
if misery is so great it can only be
attributed to the know-how of the occult
world and its Prince the Jew in 1882
Abbe a manual Shabbat a throne in his
book Freemasons and Jews the Jews must
infallibly arrive in a given time to
hold everything in their hands
and to completely dominate all people in
well helm our coin the term
anti-semitism to describe racial hatred
of Jews he wrote Jews were late in their
assault in Germany but once they started
there was no stopping them
German culture has proved itself
ineffective against this foreign power
dear reader while you're allowing the
German to be skinned alive I bow my head
in admiration and amazement before the
Semitic people which has us under seal
they were hundreds and hundreds of books
coming out they were newsletter they
were journal influential German
philosopher palo guard fro in 1887 the
alliance israelite is nothing but an
international conspiracy similar to
Freemasonry to establish worldwide
Jewish domination he also made a bizarre
analogy to bacteria writing with ricotta
and bacilli one does not negotiate nor
the Turkana and bacilli subjected to
education they are exterminated as
quickly and as thoroughly as possible
Edward ramond a French journalist
published his bestseller Jewish France
in 1886 and its first year a hundred
thousand copies were sold
Kiro order of the Knights Templar
Freemasonry international nihilism
everything is good to them as soon as
they enter they proceed like a financial
society where the efforts of all are
only used to serve the cause or the
interest of the Jews the Semites
diamonds are a vast and florence and
affairs through their smallest branch
but the most original the Jews the Jews
will thwart you in everything Germont
would go on to edit an anti-semitic
newspaper and start the anti-semitic
league in France we actually see the
rise of overt political parties and
overt anti-semites being elected
in 1881 the anti-semites petition was
presented to Otto von Bismarck 264
thousand people signed the petition
which read wherever Christian and Jew
enter into social relations we see the
Jew as master and the native-born person
population in a servile position Carlo
Edgar the populist mayor of Vienna
stated in a speech that the Jews operate
a terrorism of a kind that could hardly
be worse for us in Austria it is a
matter of liberating Christian people
from the hegemony of jewelry in 1879
Adolf Stecher politician and court
chaplain to kaiser wilhelm ii wrote if
modern Jewry continues to use the power
of capital and the power of the press to
bring misfortune to the nation a final
catastrophe
is unavoidable
as a fair to say that by the end of the
19th century Jews were being linked to
the political changes that were
happening social transformation was
almost viewed as a Jewish conspiracy
that's right the idea is that various
forms of modernization globalization
remember the word cosmopolitan was
coined by German anti-semites in the end
of the 19th century people don't really
belong to the land they could be at home
in any place they can be at home in any
capital they can be at home in any
language
these ideas were all associated by the
anti-semites with Jews that Jews were
the solvent the corrosive element that
was destroying the old order and
bringing anarchy and nil ISM and
revolution the 19th century was a
process of maturation fear a slow
transition from an outdated system to a
modern one the Jewish conspiracy theory
seems to have been an unintended
negative consequence of this process a
side effect of democracy coming to
Europe some Jews began to wonder if the
process of political emancipation was
really the proper solution to the Jewish
Question certain Jews in Europe both
Western Europe and Eastern Europe began
to be sensitive all the more to this
dark background noise of anti-semitism
among these voices was a journalist in
Vienna who had supported emancipation
and assimilation but after witnessing
the infamous Dreyfus trial in Paris
Theodore Herzl decided there had to be
another way
Theodor Herzl the journalists from a
leading Viennese newspaper was assigned
the task of investigating the conspiracy
charges brought against captain Alfred
Dreyfus of the French military what's
the background of the Dreyfus Affair the
drivers ferret affair itself was based
on a conspiracy among the French General
Staff after the war of 1871 the
franco-prussian war in which it was
clear that trees had been committed that
French military plans had come to the
Germans did French General Staff
aristocrats for the most part and
supremely reactionary and anti-semitic
pinned the blame for the treason on
Alfred Dreyfus who's captain the case
against Dreyfus put France into two
camps the Dreyfus Arts and the anti
Dreyfus Arts the Dreyfus ours were
left-wing questioned the military's
evidence and demanded a fair trial for
Dreyfus the anti Dreyfus Ahrens were
right-wing supporters of the military's
claims and the only evidence they needed
against Dreyfus was the fact that he was
Jewish what was the significance of
Dreyfus being in jail you see this is
the proof then Jews are not cannot be
assimilated that they always would be
not real citizen friends they will be
traitor but because they are traitor by
nature we know that since you know Judas
in in the Bible
you know the the dinner hertzel is just
like breakfast he's a completely
assimilated acculturated you Dreyfus had
shown his acculturation by the most
French thing that you could do he joined
the French army he kept no Jewish
practices
he kept no Jewish holidays he grows to
the General Staff
when Herzl came who was assemble at you
completely unconnected to Jewish
tradition a journalist from Vienna he
didn't see in the streets of Paris signs
that said death to Dreyfus
he saw big placards that said death to
the Jews he was blown away by the
anti-semitism surrounding the Dreyfus
trial based on faulty evidence Dreyfus
was convicted of treason as part of his
punishment Dreyfus would have to endure
a public degradation Dreyfus was marched
into a courtyard and one by one each
military patch insignia and even the
buttons were torn from Dreyfus uniform
his military sword was snapped in half
and thrown to the ground
he was then marched around the courtyard
as his fellow soldiers watched in
silence as he marched Dreyfus screamed
after they were degrading an innocent
man outside the courtyard anti Dreyfus
heard crowds began to gather
hertzel with other members of the press
was witnessing the degradation and could
hear the chants outside the mob chanted
death to the traitor and death to the
Jews what impact did the Dreyfus trial
have on the hurt CIL's opinion about the
Jewish Question and Jewish emancipation
he said to himself what we have here is
failed emancipatory
rhetoric Europe said that would
emancipate the Jews they're unable for
their own reasons because of their own
prejudice because of the history to
really keep that promise and the only
ways that Jews therefore can be truly
independent and emancipated and equal
and free is to leave Europe and to go
and create their own culture in which
there will be a majority and have
political culture immediately after the
Dreyfus trial Herzl into work and within
a year he completed his most famous work
units dot or the Jewish state in it
Herzl made the argument for establishing
a Jewish National Home in order to
resolve the Jewish question and
hopefully finally put an end to anti
Semitism one of the secular messianic
scientism was it will be an end to
anti-semitism where hated amongst the
Gentiles because we're ruthless and were
Cosmopolitan's and we represent
everything they're afraid of let us go
and take roots and let us have our own
identity and then the nations will
remind us anymore
Herzl wrote we are one people our
enemies have made us one without her
consent as repeatedly happens in history
distress binds us together and thus
united we suddenly discover our strength
yes we are strong enough to form a state
and indeed a model state we possess all
human and material resources necessary
for the purpose the dream to try to
recover a land that we lost so many
centuries
well Herzl began a campaign around the
world lobbying networking and mobilizing
support for the Zionist movement what he
was doing was this enormous energy
within the Jewish community of Europe
and in this case we're talking about
Jews in Eastern Europe whose governments
are still creating them the way medieval
governments treated them it mobilized an
enormous amount of Hope made these
feasible for the first time
people really believed that this was
possible but it was not just a dream
he had the ability to organize a
political movement for the creation of a
Jewish state and the first Zionist
Congress was able to get on its feet at
that time in 1897 Herzl produced a firs
inés Congress in Basel Switzerland
supporters of Zionism were invited from
all over the world to attend at the
Congress Herzl was made the president of
the Zionist movement a Zionist platform
was established and the Tikvah was made
the anthem of the national movement
it took some decades before it fully to
emerge but I think it's fair to say that
anti-semitism was a driving force behind
it and because first the thinking was a
driving force behind that Hertel
addressed the Jewish conspiracy
fiorina's opening remarks he stated we
have nothing to do with conspiracy
secret intervention or indirect methods
we wish to put the question in the arena
and under control of free public opinion
Herzl must have known that a Congress
for the Zionist movement would provoke
accusations of conspiracy and he was
right
in 1905 a religious writer and mystic in
Russia
named Sergei nihlus would claim to have
a document from the Zionist Congress the
document consisted of instructions or
protocols for the members of the
Congress he would publish the document
in the appendix of his apocalyptic book
the great within the small but when it
was published on its own it would be
entitled the protocols of the learned
Elders of Zion can you tell me about the
protocols of the Elders of Zion the
protocols is the as now I think evolved
to become the classic anti-jewish
anti-semitic document it's a series of
24 agenda items protocols for the
takeover of the world and it said there
was a group of Jews who met regularly
and that these were senior Jewish people
from around the world who controlled the
destiny not only of Jews but of the
international community and the
international economy I mean it's a
fascinating text it's not well written
the protocols of the Elders of Zion is
the apex of conspiracy theory literature
as we've seen there was no shortage of
literature about Jewish conspiracy
theories but the protocols breaks new
ground in absurdity and delusion it
attempts to make the fantastical factual
it claims to be actual proof of a Jewish
world conspiracy what appears is there's
a meeting in the dark cemetery of
representatives from all the 12 tribes
and there this speaks one voice which is
that of the elder of Zion the elder of
the elders and he speaks and he lays out
the Jewish world conspiracy and this
becomes the protocol of the famous
protocols of the Elders of Zion this of
course is nothing to do with reality I
mean sorry
it has great theater attached but it is
a total forgery
by 1920 the protocols had been
translated into multiple languages and
was creating a stir in the West Wycombe
steed the editor of the London Times
believed the protocols could be
authentic writing
what are these protocols are they
authentic if so what malevolent assembly
concocted these plans and gloated over
their exposition
one year later steed would retract a
statement when the truth of the
protocols would come out it's obvious
that the protocols are fake but what's
the actual evidence that prove that it's
fake it's clear that it's a forgery
because already in 1921 a journalist
named Graves found in was given in
Constantinople a work that was shown to
be a major source of the protocols in
1921 Philip graves a British journalist
made contact with a Russian national and
Constantinople the Russian claimed he
had discovered the source of the
protocols of the Elders of Zion thus
proving it to be fake the man gave
graves an old and worn book written by
an obscure French author named Maurice
Jolie the original text was written by a
French jurist
Maurice Jolie in the 1800s as a French
satire and it was that forgery that was
found and recycled and revised and
edited into the protocols of the Elders
of Zion Julie's book was entitled
dialogues in hell between Machiavelli
and Montesquieu the book was a political
satire criticizing the leadership of
Napoleon the third in France the book
was not significant but for the fact
that many sections of the dialogues are
almost identical to the protocols
and it was published 40 years earlier
graves published his discovery in the
London Times outlining the excerpts from
Joe Lee's book that were directly copied
into the protocols by comparing the two
texts the truth of the protocols becomes
evident and the dialogues we find a
reference to the indian god vishnu like
the god vishnu my press will have a
hundred arms and these arms will give
their hands to all the different shades
of opinion throughout the country and
the protocols we find the same reference
these newspapers like the indian god
vishnu will be possessed of hundreds of
hands each of which will be feeling the
pulse of varying public opinion and the
dialogues we see a passage about
journalism and Freemasonry you must know
that journalism is a sort of Freemasonry
those who live by it are bound to one
another by the ties of professional
discretion and the protocols receive a
same passage already there exists in
French journalism a system of masonic
understanding forgiving countersigns
all organs of the press are tied by
mutual professional secrets and the
dialogues the author describes a set of
numbers related to a financial loan if
the loan is at five percent the state
after 20 years has paid out of sum equal
to the borrowed capital when forty years
have expired and has paid double after
60 years triple and the protocols the
exact same numbers appear if alone is at
five percent than in twenty years the
government would have unnecessarily paid
out a sum equal to that of the loan in
order to cover the percentage in 40
years it will have paid twice and in
sixty thrice that amount
these passages like many others expose
the protocols for what they truly are a
plagiarism and a total fraud so my
question is why why would somebody
create something like this what I'd like
to distress here everything here is
purely political the target was
modernity that was the the first idea
essentially what the protocols are
arguing is the democracy and capitalism
and the markets and all of modernity is
actually a secret Jewish plot and that
the entire I mean remember the text is
written in the voice of Jews and yet
what is the voice the voice is the voice
of the Gentile aristocracy who are
trying to defend against the dissolution
of their power under conditions of
modernity and so they attribute to the
the Jews their attitude they project
onto them their attitude that we should
rule the world by the time the protocols
were written it seems like this notion
of the Jew became something much bigger
and more complex than just a small
religious minority it almost turned into
this abstract political force I would
say what was concocted was a myth that's
the term I would use of the Jew as being
devious as being eager to gain control
over non-jews eager to become rulers of
the world
the Jews have seen is responsible for
the enlighten this is responsible for
the French Revolution they are
responsible for everything that in the
view of me the everyday Christian and
the aristocrat threatened their
traditional civilization the protocols
didn't gain a lot of attention in 1905
when they were initially published but
it was only a matter of time before they
would become relevant in 1917 world war
Wand had been raging across Europe for
three years the Russian military had
experienced devastating and the
moralizing losses under that I recommend
of the Tsar under the burden of war the
Russian economy and living standards
suffered dramatically inflation
skyrocketed food shortages and
starvation were common all over Russia
by February of 1917 the people's
frustration had boiled over into the
streets workers went on strike and riots
broke out in the major cities hundreds
of thousands of people gathered in
protest demanding an end to the war and
an overthrow of the regime a grassroots
working class uprising had formed and
the Russian authorities could do little
to stop it soldiers were called in and
given permission to use deadly force on
the people if necessary but when the
soldiers confronted the riders rather
than shoot them they joined them
with the loyalty of his soldiers gone
the Czar had little choice but to step
down and on March 15th 1917 Nicholas
2-second abdicated his throne ending his
oppressive regime and a 300 year reign
of the Romanov dynasty a provisional
government was installed in place of the
Czar's government then in October of
1917 the provisional government was
overthrown by the Bolsheviks under the
leadership of Vladimir Lenin Lenin and
the Bolsheviks subscribed to a
revolutionary form of socialism inspired
by the 19th century philosopher Karl
Marx
they were fundamentally opposed to all
of the traditional European social
structures and they intended to create a
revolutionary society a society that
would supposedly liberate people from
the old order the Russian Revolution is
tunnel II similar to the French in terms
of what the revolutionaries themselves
were after a complete overturning of the
societal order and replacing it with
something else
and like the French Revolution the
people that opposed the revolutionaries
needed an explanation for the appeal and
they found it and the pages of the
protocols of the Elders of Zion
it was a common for people to think the
Russian Revolution was some sort of a
Jewish conspiracy yes it was so common
actually even Winston Churchill in 1921
published an article in a London
newspaper which said that the Jews have
taken over Russia the reason for that
was was quite simple and simplistic and
fits the pattern of conspiracy theories
namely the facts were completely
contrary before the Revolution there
were less than a thousand Jews who were
Bolsheviks this is at a time when there
were three hundred thousand Jews in a
Russian Empire three hundred thousand
who subscribed to the Zionist movement
35 thousand who were members of the Bund
which was a social democratic
anti-bolshevik but Marxist yiddishists
movement and in fact most jews of a
population of 5.2 million were actually
politically apathetic and uninvolved
after the Bolshevik Revolution the
Russian Civil War broke out the
Bolshevik forces were known as the Red
Army and the counter-revolutionary pros
our forces were known as the white army
what did the white armies during the
Russian Civil War believe the whites
position was summarized succinctly in a
Russian expression rag'd of specia Darcy
beat the Jews and save Russia the logic
of that causation is not clear at least
to me but apparently it was to them the
Jews were at fault for bringing down the
Tsar for creating the revolution and the
Jews who had been second-class citizens
at best in the Russian Empire had the
nerve the goal of the flexpa - as they
would have said take over the regime
it came naturally I would say to the
whites to be anti-semitic and they
certainly were and they poked remised
those Jews who came under their military
occupation how many people were killed
during the film's well that's very
difficult to fix the lowest estimate is
50,000 most people would say somewhere
in the neighborhood of a hundred
thousand people who were killed in
pogroms by Ukrainians by the white spy
poles by roving bands between 1918 and
as the white army attempted to restore
the Tsar in the church any Jewish town
became under their control was exposed
to unthinkable savagery Jewish men were
tortured and executed Jewish women were
raped and forced to watch their babies
be murdered before being killed himself
and what drove the white army to commit
such heinous atrocities British
journalist John Ernest Hudson who was
positioned among the whites wrote they
held that the whole catastrophe had been
created by some great and mysterious
secret society of international Jews
the Reds would ultimately win the Civil
War establishing the Union of Soviet
Socialist Republics or the USSR the
whites and defeat would be forced to
seek refuge elsewhere
men like alfred rosenberg
and max tube director would take their
copies of the protocols of the Elders of
Zion to another country ravaged by World
War one
Germany there they would find common
cause with Germans like Anton Drexler
the leader of an obscure political party
called the German Workers Party in the
1920 speech entitled why we are
anti-semites the positions of the German
Workers Party were presented to an
enthusiastic crowd the speech contained
unoriginal ideas about racial science
extreme German nationalism and of course
the Jewish conspiracy theory the ideas
were not new but the party was very good
at presenting their message some of the
tricks that he talked about included
when you book a venue do you want to
book a small enough venue so that
they're gonna be people lining up you
don't want to overbook you don't want to
have a big bigger venue than you can
fill because otherwise people are gonna
be sitting there looking around at all
the empty seats and wondering what
happened you know what happened to our
our movement here but if you've got a
line out the door then it creates this
energy and excitement and people want to
be involved so there's little
psychological tricks that they were very
adept and monitored and we're extremely
fastidious about them watching over all
these things and they're very
manipulative the speaker that night was
a young Austrian World War one vet who
had impressed Drexler with his ability
to speak the speaker would eventually
take over the party and change the name
to the National Socialist German Workers
Party his name was Adolf Hitler
he was a spy after the war for the army
and he got training in propaganda and so
his job was to go to these various
meetings and then write reports back and
this is an old practice and terminate
police informants go to usually every
political meeting but he was there on
behalf of the army and so he just he
went to this meeting with Anton Drexler
John Walker's party and he liked what
they had to say and so he ended up
joining the party
Hitler had no tolerance for Jews because
he actually believed in it's really
quite remarkably toxic and myself about
meeting the protocols for the first time
in Easton this is the voice that I I
know this voice it's his voice it's not
the rabbi's voice but he believes it's
the rabbis way so he knows that they are
like him they are ruthless they are
determined to conquer the world and
enslave mankind and he's got to wipe
them out
Adolphe Hitler can be thought of as the
culmination of this tectonic shift from
religious to racial anti-semitism can
you describe the situation in Germany
after World War one would you say it was
a situation that was right for
conspiracy thinking the Germans had lost
World War one and didn't have an easy
explanation for it because they were
reluctant to admit that the generals
Ludendorff and Hindenburg had been
responsible for their loss and they
decided to use the German phrase that it
was a dull sauce it was a stab in the
back they had been betrayed they hadn't
lost the war honestly they hadn't lost
the war on the battlefield they had been
betrayed and so they looked for who had
betrayed them and they decided it was
the Jews who had betrayed them then you
have the great inflation the
hyperinflation of 1922 and again the
Jews are seen as responsible for this
inflation which wiped out the savings of
so many Germans so step one the
stab-in-the-back step two Jews profiting
from the inflation that almost everybody
else lost out on then comes the
Depression of 1929
democracy is disappeared in several
other great nations not because the
people of those nations disliked
democracy but because they had grown
tired of unemployment and insecurity of
government confusion government weakness
finally in desperation they chose to
sacrifice liberty in the hope of getting
something to eat
altogether all of these factors let the
anti-semites find little bits of
evidence that the Jews were
disproportionately influenced in to
blame the defeat of war will one on the
Jews and to use the protocols very
powerfully Hitler after the war starts
to read this literature and he becomes
an absolute devotee of the protocols of
the Elders of Zion as we see his mine
Kampf which he wrote in 1923 24 and so
people turned to the Nazi Party which
offers them an easy explanation namely
that the Jews are responsible for all of
their troubles
there is anti-semitism in a lot of
places what do you think was significant
about Germany that would send them down
this dark path Germany was the place
where the true believers actually took
over and took power and the people who
knew better failed to resist
by 1933 the vomer republic after only 14
years was completely dismantled and
replaced with a fascist ii dictated by
Hitler the Nazis didn't add anything to
the conspiracy theory it had been
circulating around Europe for decades
but the Nazis represent is a perfectly
fatal storm of socio-economic turmoil in
the century-old festering delusion for
the first time the Jewish conspiracy
theory was a driving force in an
industrial nation an industrial nation
that was openly rearming itself in 1935
on September 1st 1939 the Nazis invaded
Poland
kicking off World War 2 months earlier
Hiler presented the Nazi interpretation
of the upcoming war in this infamous
1939 Reichstag speech
Heller was framing the war that he would
start as a defensive war between Germany
and the Jewish conspiracy that didn't
even exist world Jewish conspiracy as he
saw them and so it was not necessarily
the Allies it wasn't even the Bolsheviks
he saw Jews behind Roosevelt and
Churchill puppet masters controlling
pulling all the strings and and having
these allies do their bidding
Hitler was possessed by the Jewish
conspiracy theory it would drive him
over the edge into a psychotic alternate
reality where every Jew in the world was
working as one and in concert to destroy
the German people and the only way for
the German people to survive was to go
to war with the Jews and that war would
start in September of 1939 on September
3rd 1939 the British and French declared
war on Germany
that same day and the speech to Nazi
officials Hitler stated our Jewish
Democratic world enemy succeeded in
inciting the English people to a state
of war against Germany on January 1st
1940 and his New Year's address Hitler
stated the Jewish capitalist world enemy
to confronts us only has one goal the
extermination of the German people
and Germany in 1941 Hitler would betray
his non-aggression pact with the Soviet
Union in the operation Barbosa and Nazis
invaded couching the Soviets completely
by surprise on June 22nd 1941 Hitler
would state the Jewish Bolshevik rulers
in Moscow have attempted to set not only
Germany but all of Europe aflame the
hour has come when it is necessary to
respond to this plot by Jewish
anglo-saxon war mongers and the Jewish
rulers of Moscow's Bolshevist
headquarters on December 7th 1941 the
Japanese bombed the United States at
Pearl Harbor
four days later Hitler declared war on
the United States and his declaration
speech Hitler said of Roosevelt's he
were strengthens and his resolve
but the Jews around him the full
diabolical meanness of jewlery rallied
around this man and he stretched out his
hands by 1941 Hitler was at war with
basically the whole world and this is
also when he steps up his campaign
against the Jews it reaches a
culminating point during the war itself
when Eastern Europe is invaded and
Hitler disliked
all Jews but he especially disliked
Eastern European Jews it's at the
high-water mark really of the Third
Reich in July 1941 when it looks like
the Soviets are
on the run they're getting beaten and it
looks like they're gonna win the war
that's when the planning goes in to
build our treads to build the death camp
systems
when we talk about the Holocaust and
World War two we almost talk about them
as if they're two separate events
but is it possible that Hitler actually
viewed the Holocaust as another front
and his World War not only were they two
fronts in the same war but the the
campaign against the Jews was more
important than the campaign against the
other nations and when he was losing the
war to the other nations to the Russians
and to the Allies he still used critical
military resources to continue killing
the Jews if you look at the Totenkopf
division it's the third SS division that
was a division composed of guards and it
transferred personnel between the
fighting front and the concentration
camp system death camps so you've got SS
guards who are connecting physically
connecting those two fronts and they
very much saw it as as a united front
that the Jews are killing under
occupation are connected to an
international conspiracy of Jews anti
Judaism anti-semitism is in some
fundamental way self-destructive but
that's the long-run here you've got a
case of short-run self-destruction he
literally is going to lose the war
effort against his enemies because he's
so busy chasing after his mythical enemy
the monsters that the Nazis were chasing
were not real there was no international
conspiracy of Jews it was all a lie
however the human suffering the Nazis
inflicted was very real
Norman Cohn called the Jewish conspiracy
theory a warrant for genocide and in
1944 the world would bear witness to the
veracity of that phrase
in early 1944 the Soviet Army had turned
the tables on the Germans and were
advancing quickly into Eastern Europe in
July of 1944 the Red Army approached the
city of Lublin and eastern Poland one
month earlier
a Russian recon plane captured footage
of a large compound surrounded by barbed
wire fences on the night of July 22nd
1944 the Soviet 2nd Tank Army entered my
donek concentration camp
inside they found 800,000 pairs of shoes
large gas chambers the walls painted
blue due to the canisters of Zyklon B
gas piles of human ash used to fertilize
crops large crematorium full of human
ashes
on April 11th 1945 American soldiers of
the 6th armoured division entered
Buchenwald concentration camp they
discovered 21,000 survivors and
truckloads of corpses
in January of 1945 the Soviet army
liberated Auschwitz fair they discovered
horrific signs of mass murder large gas
chambers the walls marked with scratches
from the people that were slaughtered
there
ovens that couldn't burn over four
thousand bodies per day and fourteen
thousand pounds of human hair used to
manufacture textiles these three camps
were part of a larger network that
consisted of hundreds of concentration
camps the Nazis had constructed an
industry of mass murder ultimate goal
without any question was to rid the
entire world of Jews the Nazi agenda was
ultimately Global's their agenda was to
wipe the Jews off planet Earth
approximately six million Jews were
murdered by the Nazis the survivors of
the camps were starved beaten bruised
and forever scarred but against all odds
they survived and their survival the
survival of the Jews meant defeat for
the Nazi menace despite all of the
suffering pain and loss there was still
a faint glimmer of hope for a future
when the British liberated the Jews at
bergen-belsen they sung Latifa and
declared a messiah hi
the people of Israel live
and as for Hitler with his Reich reduced
to rubble he retreated to this bunker
where hero has last well and political
Testament before shooting himself in the
last sentence of his political Testament
Hitler invoked the Jewish conspiracy
theory one last time calling on his
people to resist mercilessly the
poisoner of all nations international
Jewry do you think after the atrocities
of the Holocaust were uncovered and led
to a decrease in anti-semitism
momentarily yes
as the not to use the rule in a
religious context as the revelations of
the horrors became more and more
publicly known it resulted in a
lessening of anti-semitism in the West
it didn't disappear by any imagination
the denazification of Germany and of
Europe was so thorough there was such an
intent to eliminate every last vestige
of this hideous form of hatred that we
in fact saw a decline not an elimination
but a decline in anti-semitism after the
Second World War
my great friend Ali Rezai once said if
the Holocaust didn't cure anti-semitism
he doesn't know what would and you see
that it became politically incorrect to
use anti-semitic language to use
anti-semitic jokes you got the breakdown
of numerous classes and universities say
limiting Jewish students by statistical
rules you got the opening of Jews to
government offices you got the beginning
of Jewish participation in all kinds of
cultural and political events he could
not make glass ceilings when shadow
Church became the heads of corporations
there's no question that in Western
Europe and in the United States and
other parts of the Western world
anti-semitism went into a kind of closet
so what would come of this Jewish
conspiracy theory as we've seen the
theory has the ability to evolve and
adapt to new realities like a virus and
after World War 2 it would be redirected
at a newly formed state the Jewish state
Israel you see a number of very
important transformations in the nature
of anti-semitism what historically had
been a right-wing phenomenon has
transferred in large part over to the
left
what had been ultimately a Christian
phenomenon moved over to Muslims and
what had been focused on Jews became
instead concentrated on Israel in part
two we'll show you how
