two approaches you've got Andrew Shearer
who's very consensus oriented very calm
he used to be Speaker of the House he
doesn't have any sharp edges and you've
got Andrew Shearer the sign you've got
Maxine Bernier literally calling the CBC
fake news and rosemary Barton despicable
because they smear them as racist so
what's the difference they're not on
policy its style will you fight or will
you say yeah I guess we're racist to me
this is a battle for the soul of the
party and how it's gonna fight 2019
Maxine Bernier says we're gonna fight
like hell Andrew Shearer says oh don't
make a fuss that's my rebuttal to you
what do you think of that yeah I mean I
I think there I think there's certainly
some merit in that I have been struck by
the fact in this that Shearer is kind of
of the oh please don't beat us yeah I
mean you know we aren't racist no please
don't hit us and and I don't know what
you gain by that I really don't I don't
want to if I'm the leader be dragged
into this fight yeah by somebody else oh
my god I'm the leader I want to be the
one who decides the timing the
forcefulness the tactics I don't want
the guy who I beat to become the leader
to change the court or to direct the
tempo and and and the ferocity but once
you're in the fight I think it behooves
Shearer to be a little more forceful but
I don't think that's the character
you're going to get from him at night I
don't say he's a bad guy or an awful
leader he's very cautious he didn't get
to be the youngest speaker in a hundred
years by being a radical yeah he's from
the suburban insurance wing yeah of the
Conservative Party and so you know it's
going to be very cautious he's going to
give very measured advice that there
isn't going to be a lot of battle again
and I think with Trudeau it might be
useful to be more like Bernie and that's
why back a year year and a bit ago when
they were having their leadership review
I endorsed Bernie I had a Bernie it
would have been a better leader but he's
not the leader
and that's how the party decided it
wanted to go ahead and so if you're
Bernie you have to respect that to the
extent that Andrew gets to decide what
battles how hard and when and it may be
unsatisfactory and I think in a lot of
ways it is in this case I think it is
but you talked about how the fact that
that they're both there's not much
between them substantively would both of
them returned to the Harper government's
guide for new newcomers to Canada and
the values that that were in that guy
undoubtedly and that means that there
really isn't much to pick and choose
between the two of them except tactics
Maxine I love them absolutely I loved
the fact that he went back at the CBC he
didn't adopt this no no no I'm not I'm
not a racist oh my goodness here let me
prove it by being obsequious he said
you're despicable for calling me a
racist means you didn't even try to
figure out what I believed in and and
have any kind of of analysis of it and
so yeah I like Bernie and I'd stick up
for him but Shearer is not that that's
not his personality you know I got a
call last night from a senior
Conservative MP who asked me well what
can we do I said well look it's not for
me to say I mean I give my advice
publicly on TV but I guess I did give
one answer and I said it again today a
test of leadership for Andrew Shearer is
what do you do with a problem called
Maxine Bernie a you know how do you
solve a problem like Maria as they said
in the sound of music and this isn't the
first time in history I mean look at
John Christian and Paul Martin right
Paul Martin was hungry and but Jean
Christian was a boss and so part of Jean
cred Chen's political skill and talent
and wisdom was how to harness Paul
Martin's strengths without letting Paul
Martin take over the party and in fact
you know he that battle lasted a decade
and it encouraged him pretty much won it
and and there's a great story about that
so Cratchit announces he's going to step
down anyway I don't like 18 months or so
it was a long period where he was a lame
duck and Martin was getting more
more and more impatient yeah Christian
had seen the Auditor General's report on
the long gun registry and the fact that
it cost two billion dollars and he knew
that was going to be this huge scandal
and so after a party convention Martin
trots up to Ottawa and he demands a
crack den step down Gretchen says ok
this bag of dog droppings is going to be
lit on fire on our doorsteps in about a
month in the jobs yours appalled and he
left and so then the first thing that
happens to Martin after after correction
plays this game with him pretend yes
somebody rings the doorbell and there's
a burning day a bag of dog droppings on
look on the front porches and Paul's
first instinct was to stomp it out so
well um and of course the ad scam came
out around then my point is I mean and
by the way I agree with you I like both
Andrew Scheer and Maxine Bernier a test
of Andrew sheers skill is because you
don't want to ignore
Maxine Bernier he'll take all the oxygen
out of the room you don't want to kick
him out of the caucus because there's no
reason to he's not you know he's and and
by the way that's not gonna shut him up
and that'll split the party that needs
to be healed and unified so he has to
figure out how to harness the energy a
Maxine Bernie and simply telling him to
shut up ain't gonna work that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levante show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
