London was hit by two shooting incidents
in one day one man's been stabbed in
broad daylight and a drugs gang in
Whitechapel has been jailed join me
today for this week's London chaos
report
it really is no exaggeration to say that
London is descending into chaos knife
crime soaring gun crime is reappearing
after being a relatively rare form of
crime for many years and people are less
safe than ever on the streets of London
and I've noticed that people want to
know about this stuff people want to
know what's happening in London and I
mean there's a story every single day is
every single day you you check the news
someone's been stabbed someone's been
murdered
it's it's saddening to see but people
need to know about this stuff so I
thought I'd do a weekly report the
london chaos report and the reason i say
is no exaggeration it's because london
really has been plunged into chaos
in fact there's terror attacks happening
relatively frequently and it's been a
while since we've had one at least a
confirmed one we don't know what
happened with the most recent issue but
terror attacks have been followed by the
intelligence services in london all the
time so let's keep an eye on this and
let's keep up today and let's take a
look at one of the most recent incidents
which is what happened on monday night
last night at the time of recording this
because london was hit by two separate
shootings so first off a firearm was
discharged outside of a school in
westminster the Express reported on this
at the time and they said armed officers
rushed to the scene around the can at
West
skills centre at 4:10 p.m. with reports
that terrified locals were forced to
take cover when shots were fired they
cordoned off the area as they searched
for the suspect with the help of a
police helicopter a spokesman for the
Metropolitan Police told ExpressCard at
UK that no arrests had so far been made
nobody was injured in the incident but
officers had found evidence that a gun
had been fired and as the manhunt began
for whoever was responsible for this
started three people were injured in a
shooting on a high street in Brent the
independent explained three people have
been injured following a shooting on a
busy High Street in Northwest London
police say Metropolitan Police officers
were called to Kingsbury road in Brent
around 9:45 p.m. on Monday evening two
reports of gunfire at the scene they
found three injured people all have been
taken to hospital and none are believed
to be in a life-threatening condition at
this time the incident is not thought to
be terror
rated officers from the Brent Borough
have launched an investigation into the
shooting alongside detectives from the
Mets Trident specialist gang crime unit
gang crime this is gang crime pure and
simple
and where does gang crime happen well it
happens where there are gangs and where
our gangs well they're in ghettos
they're in segregated neighborhoods
because people split themselves up based
on ethnicity based on the areas where
they grew up based on where their gangs
previously were from so this is a gang
crime ghetto and ethno-cultural
ghettoization issued you see the theme
here and by the way over in beautifully
vibrant and diverse Whitechapel if
you've ever been there recently you know
what I'm talking about a drugs gang has
just been sentenced to forty nine years
in prison that's collectively following
what the newspapers and police have said
is an explosion in heroin and cocaine
supply by the way I might add recently
when said he can talked about cocaine
purchasing from middle-class people was
actually fueling GAD the gang crisis now
I admit that it's not the core problem I
admit that the core problem is cultural
as I've been talking about in this show
for a long time but when Sadiq Khan says
that the purchasing of drugs in London
by middle-class people yeah it is a part
of the gang problem and I will give him
what credit where credit is due so it's
good to see that this arrests this
jailing this sentencing has happened so
the East London advertiser
talks about this case and they said
jailed Whitechapel drugs gang sentenced
to 49 years in prison following
explosion in heroin and cocaine supply
judge Nigel Peters QC handed the men
prison sentences ranging from two years
to fifty six months at snares Brooke
Crown Court for possession and supply of
Class A drugs in sentencing two of the
16 judge Peter said quote people look
out of their windows and see drug
dealers going about their criminal evil
work oblivious to the residents and
workers of the area these are two of a
large police operation to try and stem
the awful explosion in the supply on the
streets of Whitechapel of Class A drugs
it's time to stop pussyfooting around
this issue don't you think it's time to
stop hoping that it all just
go away if people learn to live nicely
with each other I'm sorry but there's an
uncomfortable truth to accept here and
that's within some immigrant communities
some circles within some of these
communities just don't want to live
peacefully with other people they don't
want to integrate and they blame poverty
on their white oppressors I'm sorry but
that's what happens and that's indeed
the case in many parts of London now I
want to see this tackled and I want to
see the police fire funded and sent out
onto the streets of London to arrest
every single person involved in gang
activity and I want to see them breaking
down the doors by the way of gang
members I want to see them breaking down
doors of homes where they're growing
drugs and supplying drugs and I want
them to lock up every single gang member
that was born in the UK and to deport
every single gang member who was not
born in the UK it's time we got tough
the police need the resources to perform
more of these arrests because when they
happen they work now when we see men
shooting people on the streets and
others being stabbed in broad daylight
which is what happened by the way we'll
get onto that story in a minute when
people are being stabbed in broad
daylight when people are being shot in
the streets these gang members don't
care about the people around them it's
like the judge says people are going
past completely oblivious they don't
care about the people around them and if
they get caught up in it it's fine and
they're doing this because they know
that the police aren't onto them they
know the police don't have the resources
the police aren't interested in dealing
with issues like this because they're
more interested in hate crimes these
days and so they're going about their
business on the streets this is the kind
of thing that if it is happening you
would expect to be in dark alleys and
behind the scenes but it's happening on
the streets and in broad daylight so
look at this story from the express
because on Saturday night a man was
stabbed in front of a shopping centre in
front of a sort of High Street area near
the optin group park underground station
at lunchtime at lunchtime the Express
said paramedics flocked to the scene in
Urim and took the victim to hospital
police arrested a 16 year old male on
suspicion of GBH a metropolitan police
spokeswoman said quote police in nuran
were called to Green Street 13 at 12:50
p.m. on Saturday 18th of August
following reports
a fight officers attended and found a
man in his 20s suffering from a stab
wound to the hand he has been taken by
London Ambulance Service to hospital for
treatment his injuries are not
life-threatening a 16 year old male has
been arrested on suspicion of GBH and
taken to an East London police station
for questioning this doesn't have to be
a symptom of the times I don't like this
this argument that well it's 2018 what
can you do
being in 2018 shouldn't mean that we
have to accept things being different
basic things even like our streets being
safe this can be reversed it can be
solved but our politicians need to have
the political will to do something which
means we probably have to start telling
them to do something so join me on next
week's London chaos report and hopefully
I'll have some less depressing news for
you but don't count on it
catch up with all the rebel stories on
our brand new app which you can download
now from the Google Play Store and the
Apple App Store
you
