well one case that fits the bill is that
of our friend Robert Spencer the boss of
jihad Watch who suddenly and without
notice was informed that his patreon
account which is not only a source of
funding but an online communications
tool was being suspended we had he
suddenly saw this when he went to login
your account has been disabled if you
believe this is an error please visit
our Help Center and they actually sent
him an email put that up on the screen
hi Robert my name is April and I'm on
the trust and safety team here at
patreon I've been notified by MasterCard
that we must remove your account from
patreon effective immediately
MasterCard has a stricter set of rules
and regulations in patreon and they
reserve the right to not offer their
services to account so they're choosing
they announced that they will pay out
Robert the final amount there and they
just shut him down no appeal no nothing
and joining us now via Skype is our
friend Robert Spencer Robert welcome
back to the show always great to be here
Azra thank you you know it's not just
the censorship of your voice if that's
one thing but they're actually banning
you from banking I've never heard of a
credit card company banning someone from
having a credit card or using a credit
card for reasons other than fraud yeah
here is it's it's a political band from
a bank yeah there's no doubt about it
they won't give a reason I repeatedly
asked patreon why what rule did I break
what guidelines did I transgress nothing
and then Breitbart went to MasterCard
and MasterCard actually told them that
it was because I had illegal content on
my website well as recall intent I
didn't know MasterCard had a court that
they could determine what content is
illegal or not and I didn't know that
that was mastercards business that is so
bizarre
I see I have 60,000 posts on jihad watch
it's news and commentary going back to
2003 there's not a shred of illegality
about any of it
of course you're talking about from the
standpoint of Islamic law then there's
plenty that's illegal because criticism
of Islam and jihad terror is forbidden
in Islam well that's a good point if you
were based in Turkey with Saudi Arabia
or any money illegal and you know the
bank of Riyadh said you're breaking our
rules you would probably be able to
guess what they're talking about but
MasterCard if I'm not mistaken is
headquartered in the United States as
far as I know yes but I understand that
they do have extensive holdings in the
Middle East and so it did occur to me
and of course they're not talking at
least so far but it did occur to me that
this may actually be a Sharia decision a
decision based on us excuse me on
Islamic law because they may want to not
offend their business partners in Middle
Eastern countries that's an excerpt from
my daily TV show the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
