today I'm bringing you another exclusive
and this time
top secret access to information Goff
commands and details how liberals were
considering relocating Syrians to Canada
who had already moved to Europe as
refugees as we found out in earlier
access to information investigations the
majority of the Syrian migrants that
Canada was receiving were what
immigration officials called urban
refugees they weren't refugees from
refugee camps in the most dire of
situations they were instead for all
intents and purposes already living
safely in places like Turkey or Lebanon
settled in cities living in apartment
blocks but those were the Syrians who
were then walking into UNHCR offices and
asking to come to Canada last week I did
an Access to Information Investigation
series that detailed the failures of
Canadian immigration officials to screen
these refugees for security risks adult
children weren't interviewed separately
from their parents some 150 refugee case
files didn't have the adequate number of
security checks done 39 case files
didn't have any security screening done
at all before they landed in Canada and
we discovered that no police background
checks were required either from the
home country of the refugee or from the
country that the refugee was claiming
asylum from within the whole thing was a
dangerous mess and today I have another
exclusive access to information document
that is marked secret and this thing is
going to blow your mind it's a memo
prepared for the Immigration Minister by
immigration bureaucrats it reveals how
Canadian immigration officials were
considering bringing in Syrian migrants
who had already resettled in Europe but
were now under the threat of deportation
from Europe back to their home countries
imagine our current crisis at the border
but instead of refugees walking across
the border from the United States into
Canada they could just hop on a flight
anywhere in Europe where they had been
living for several years and just
claimed asylum here's the access to
information document as you can see at
the top here the document is indeed
labeled secret now there's no date on
the document but there are some things
from within the document that allow us
to guesstimate the approximate time
frame and the Minister for whom it was
prepared we know that it was prepared
some time after August 31st 2015 from
the last paragraph while Syrians are the
particular focus of the current crisis
there are refugees in Europe from
multiple source countries who share the
same prospects for local integration and
protection needs for instance Italy has
received more than 120,000 migrants so
far in 2015
ok did you notice that even these
officials acknowledged that these are
not really refugees but rather economic
migrants again the top 5 countries of
origin of migrants arriving to Italy as
of August 31st are Eritrea nearly 26,000
Nigeria at 12,000 Somalia at seven and a
half thousand Sudan at five and a half
thousand in Syria at roughly five and a
half thousand so August 31st 2015 and
there's usually a month or two lag time
between when these statistics are
collected and when they're available
which means this document was likely
prepared for Justin Trudeau's first
immigration Minister John McCallum in
late 2015 now what the document says is
truly truly shocking though but let me
go back we learned last week that
normally for refugees coming to Canada
to qualify to become a refugee there has
to be no reasonable prospect within a
reasonable period of a durable solution
in a country other than Canada there
must be no ability for voluntary
repatriation or resettlement in their
country of nationality or habitual
residence or any resettlement or offer
of resettlement in another country so
you can't have resettled in another
country and made that your habitual
residence and then become a refugee to
Canada that's not how it works you just
can
around country shopping but this memo to
the new immigration minister said that
an immigration officer can now consider
bending those rules for applicants if
the risk of deportation to the country
of origin was present if the applicant
has a well-founded fear of persecution
in the country of refuge and they could
consider whether or not the applicant
has access or likely to have access on a
basis similar to the nationals of the
country to the labor market property
rental housing public health care social
services and education for children now
look at this crazy paragraph here
traditionally Canada has not settled
many refugees from Europe particularly
EU Member States because they have been
regarded as providing refugees with a
durable solution while volumes of
resettlement applicants and EU member
states are currently low recent visa
officer decisions for privately
sponsored refugee cases processed in
Malta and Greece found that local
integration is not available for
specific refugees in either of those
countries interpretation here Greece and
Malta weren't giving migrants enough
free stuff the taxpaying Nationals were
getting to the memo goes on the refugees
that make up the EU vary somewhat with
respect to their economic development
and capacity to respond to refugee needs
furthermore the willingness within these
countries to respond positively
continues to fluctuate with respect to
the ongoing influxes of refugees which
include large numbers of both Syrians
and non Syrians so if the nations locals
have basically had it with a bunch of
migrants storming their board or what
Canadian officials called not responding
positively to the migrants Canadian
officials were willing to step in and
take these migrants to Canada if Greeks
wanted to deport fake refugees from
Eritrea these officials were going to
make it Canada's problem now this is
frightening since many European
countries will often take any
buddy who storms their borders and then
resettle them and give them the most
luxurious of welfare benefits what I
mean to say is if European countries
didn't want these specific migrants
there's really really something wrong
here these migrants should probably be
the last migrants that Canada wants to
resettle but these officials thought
that Europe just wasn't being nice
enough and kind enough and tolerant
enough and generous enough with them and
so Canada should come along and pick up
the slack in the meantime you CDs were
not able to get into Canada nor were
persecuted Christians from the region
because they couldn't even attend
refugee camps to get their names on the
UNHCR Refugee lists because as I
reported in 2016
Samaritan's Purse officials testified
before a Canadian immigration committee
that the Muslim UN refugee camp workers
were discriminating against the yzi DS
and the Christians who resided in those
camps liberals were going to take
refugees from Cologne
or Berlin while Christians were being
killed and genocided and Yazidis were
being sold like livestock into sex
slavery for the rebel media
I'm Sheila Gunn read Silicon Valley and
big tech has a real thing for censoring
US conservatives but that the rebel we
have a way around that we have our own
rebel media mobile app it's available on
the Google Play Store or the Apple App
Store download it give it a try tell us
what you think and help us fight big
tech censorship
you
