a bronze statue of a Baphomet a sabbatic
goat that the united stemple r once
accused of worshipping and which has
since been adopted by Cygnus has been
erected outside the Arkansas Capitol
building but this isn't meant to be a
statue promoting the worship of Satan
this is all about free speech the statue
of Baphomet in itself doesn't
necessarily represent Satan and one
could argue that this symbolism has been
stolen and used by left-wing humanists
and atheists who just want to look cool
and edgy but the story here is still
worth talking about because this is a
story of Christianity either being
overlooked or put on the same footing as
Satanism here is the story The Satanic
temple had hoped to install the one-time
bronze statue next to a Ten Commandment
statue outside of the Oklahoma Capitol
but it fell through after the Supreme
Court in Oklahoma ordered the Ten
Commandment statute to be taken down the
claim is that the separation of church
and state meant that it was
inappropriate but there isn't 100%
separation of church and state in the
u.s. we have God in our money and in the
Pledge of Allegiance and we see
references to God all the time our
society was not founded on Islam or
satanic values so we do have an
association to judeo-christian values
and there's nothing wrong with having
the statues that reflect that in this
country and Satanists can practice their
religion without persecution meaning
that their argument is completely false
they can practice whatever they want
unlike in other countries but the
Satanic temple a group of atheists and
humanists who don't actually worship
Satan started looking for somewhere else
to install their statue and caused a
little bit of trouble they finally won
and it was installed in Arkansas the
Satanists can say all they want they can
tell us how they promote atheism or
humanism or as the co-founder of the
temple Lucien grieves said quote I
identify not theistic Lee with a molten
ik seitan that defies all subjugation
exalts scientific inquiry and promotes
humanistic pluralistic values
but it doesn't change the fact that our
country was founded by Christians and
built on judeo-christian values if we
allow ourselves to forget that then we
are willing away our own culture if you
want to see more from me and the rest of
the rebel team like and subscribe
you
