Jacob Riis Marc is stepping up his game
and threatening to defeat Teresa Mays
checkers plan in the Commons reports
today suggest that Jacob Riis MOG is not
lying down over the checkers plan issue
I've already reported previously that he
said to be working in on his own
alternative version of the checkers plan
and there's been more reports about that
today and he said now that he will
attempt to block the Commons votes if
the Prime Minister continues with her
checkers plan which he calls a surrender
so Marc said on Sunday one of the
advantages of a clean Greg Suhr is that
the clearer it is that we have left the
sooner we can get on to other issues I
simply don't think there's the appetite
in the country or in the EU once we have
left to keep on negotiating when people
discover the world hasn't ended when we
have left it will be much easier to get
on with other issues and he's right once
it's clear that we've left the European
Union we will be able to go on and deal
with other issues and move forward as a
country rather than staying stuck in
this weird political limbo that we're in
at the moment but of course the EU
doesn't want us to do that the EU wants
us to think that the world is going to
end they want us to think that the sky
is going to fall in but anyway Marc has
warned the Prime Minister that if she
sticks to the checkers plan which is
pretty unpopular with the people as well
as Tory voters and a lot of Tory MPs
then she shouldn't be or wouldn't be
able to get the legislation through the
Commons which is essential in order for
it to pass and in order for us to walk
away legally and leave the European
Union it's got to go through the Commons
I've done a show explaining how that
works as well if you want to take a look
at that but acknowledging that brags are
tears are not in a majority MOG also
explained we will be in a majority on
some of them and that will make the
legislation extraordinarily difficult if
it is based on checkers if May comes out
of this process at the other end having
withdrawn withdrawn from the European
Union under the checkers procedure the
checkers deal she'll end up battered and
bruised and replay
with somebody else soon after and she'll
be forgotten about pretty quickly but
she will have had a lasting impact on
the country on our economy on the way
people vote this is really serious and
important and life-changing stuff for
this whole country I now believe that a
leadership challenge in the Tories is
essential and I say that not as a
supporter of the Tories but as somebody
who doesn't want the trajectory of
Bragg's it to be harmed and for the
country to be harmed because right now
Teresa may is one of the most dangerous
politicians we could have ever dreamt up
if you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team remember to Like
and subscribe
you
