it used to be if you wanted to escape
reality you'd sit back with a bag of
popcorn and watch a do-rag or
action-adventure movie but because this
is 2018 apparently a political sermon is
now part of the package too
so there I was on a long-haul flight
back to Toronto last month I grew weary
of reading so I decided to sit back and
watch that which is known as the
in-flight movie in this case it was
hurricane heist which at least scores
one star when it comes to truth in
advertising given that as the title
suggests this film is all about a heist
that takes place during a hurricane
like way too many flicks in the
action-adventure realm these days
hurricane heist is a mindless CGI driven
vehicle that at times resembles a video
game more so than an actual movie here's
an excerpt from the trailer
nothing wants to follow us home
hell of a day
anyway to the protagonists are what
you'd call good old boys from the south
they're in the guns and monster trucks
they are presumably NASCAR fans and vote
Republican
so was quite jarring that in between
guns a-blazing and trucks doing burnouts
during a category five storm that one of
those good ol boys will Rutledge
seemingly turns into the second coming
of Al Gore this is when he explains that
the increasing frequency and severity of
hurricanes is caused by global warming
and that quote with all due deference to
Donald Trump there is manmade climate
change end quote
well you know folks at a cruising
altitude of 40,000 feet no one can hear
you scream
indeed the statement seems so out of
character that one must wonder if this
fictional construct was really
channeling the political opinions of the
film's director Rob Cohen but here's
what mr. Cohen said back in March during
the publicity tour for hurricane
highscope there's probably not a human
being that hates Donald Trump more than
me I have found a dark side of myself
that I have never experienced because I
just dream of how he can be tortured and
suffer I hate him I hate everything he
stands for including on climate change
he's in the pocket of the oil industry
he doesn't want to hear that fossil
fuels may in fact be poisoning the whole
earth end quote
his comments are beyond the pale and
point to the egregious double standard
that exists in Hollywood after all could
you imagine a director committing career
suicide by openly fantasizing about
torturing say Barack Obama or Hillary
Clinton but when Cohen utters such
appalling remarks regarding President
Trump he wears it like a badge of honor
and his fellow progressives either
collectively shrugged their shoulders or
they applauded and apparently Cohen
fails to grasp the profound irony about
his condemnation for fossil fuels after
all one can only imagine how many
thousands of gallons of fossil fuel were
required to produce hurricane heist
but again like any proud progressive
Cohen preaches from the pulpit of do as
they say not as I do
and as Trump derangement syndrome
continues is this the new normal moving
forward the idea that even in a mindless
action-adventure flick that audiences
should expect to endure a pinch of
progressive propaganda you know it
reminds me of the awful 1994 Steven
Seagal flick on deadly ground now the
vast majority of on deadly ground is
exactly the sort of stuff you'd expect
from a Steven Seagal flick people
getting beaten up and things getting
blowed up real good and then at the very
end a four-minute long epilogue is
tacked on one in which Segal delivers a
sermon directed at the audience that
sports numerous loony conspiracy
theories pertaining to the environment
it is by far the best part of the movie
actually because when it comes to comedy
in my book nothing is funnier than
unintentional humor and Seagal speech is
so over-the-top unintentionally funny
that when I saw this film in a theater
some twenty four years ago the hour the
audience was actually howling with
laughter which I can assure you folks
was not the intended effect check out an
excerpt I'd like to start off by saying
thank you to all the brothers and
sisters that have come here today
representing this cause I've been asked
by mystery talk and the Tribal Council
to speak to you and the members of the
press about the injustice has been
brought against us by some government
officials and big business how many of
you out there have heard of alternative
engines engines that can run on anything
from alcohol to garbage or water or
carburetors that can get hundreds of
miles to the gallon or electric or
magnetic engines that can practically
run forever
you don't know about them because if
they were to come into use they put the
oil companies out of business the
concept of the internal combustion
engine has been obsolete for over 50
years but because of the oil cartels and
corrupt government regulation we and the
rest of the world have been forced to
use gasoline for over a hundred years
big business is primarily responsible
for destroying the water we drink the
air we breathe in the food we'd hikes
this sermon actually drones on for
another three minutes I mean come on say
gal shut the hell up and dropkick
somebody already will you moving forward
my advice to filmmakers is simple can
you kindly leave progressive politics
out of action-adventure flicks you want
to get preachy then make a documentary
in the meantime
stop being such inconvenient goofs for
the rebel dot media I'm David the men's
ID Menzies hey folks the rebel has a new
app please download that app and take
the rebel with you wherever you go
you
