traditionally charities are hospitals
schools religious institutions and then
there's sort of a catch-all things
indisputably for the public good
like a food bank it has to be
indisputable otherwise it wouldn't be a
charity if there was another side to the
story then it's just politics not
charity right there there is no other
side to the story there's no
counterpoint to to an orphanage or to a
food bank right but there is
- what Greenpeace does there against
capitalism there against oil and gas for
example but that is far from a universal
position and of course this green pieces
tactics which themselves are inherently
illegal they couldn't possibly be a
charity David Suzuki doesn't commit
crimes like Greenpeace actually I'm not
so sure about that he appears to be
breaking a court injunction here in
front of Kinder Morgan and of course he
went to the Burnaby riots a few years
ago to give support to the lawbreakers
there but he's normally more careful
than that but still
here's Suzuki after whom that David
Suzuki foundation is named filming a
Liberal Party campaign ad with Dalton
McGuinty a few years back and clearly
part of Sam why does he get to call that
charity all the 100 groups that promoted
Trudeau in the last election why is any
of that charitable all these foreign
funded lobbyists why is that a charity
as in why do you and I have to work hard
at our businesses and we pay taxes so
these people don't have to and so they
can issue tax receipts for their causes
I know the answer when it comes to
hospitals and orphanages because we all
agree whether we're left-wing or
right-wing liberal or Tory that anyone
who runs an orphanage is doing something
for us all in a way for Humanity and we
should support that run an orphanage run
a food bank but why do you and I have to
pay our taxes so the Greenpeace wouldn't
have to and that's what this
announcement yesterday from Trudeau says
not only is he going to let charities be
political now so Greenpeace can come
back in as a charity now but it's going
to retroactively Lee give a de facto
pardon to all of his crooked friends who
were breaking the law for years let me
quote from the press release
our government intends to present
legislation to this effect in the fall
the Canada Revenue Agency will develop
supporting guidance in collaboration
with the charitable sector that is he's
going to ask his buddies should we
legalize it gee what are they going to
say the legislation will be drafted to
apply retroactively Lee including to the
audits and objections that are currently
suspended this suspension will be lifted
when the legislation is passed by
Parliament unquote do you see what he's
saying Trudeau is saying everyone who
cheated under the existing Income Tax
Act everyone who thought they were above
the law thought they could get away with
it everyone who thought that paying
taxes were just for the little people
everyone who thought because they were
Trudeau's cronies they'd get away with
it they are all gonna get away with it
they're all getting their problems with
Revenue Canada just wiped out must be
nice saying if you were audited by
Revenue Canada like the Ted tides
foundation and the other pro Trudeau
lobby group of charities were if you
were audited for tax evasion for your
business if you broke the law and him
were in trouble would you be able to
call up the prime minister and have him
call off the auditors and make all of
your tax cheat problems go away that's
an excerpt from my daily TV show the
yeas relevant show normally it's behind
a paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews a day and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
