my dear friends we did it I can't
believe it
we just hit 1 million subscribers on our
YouTube channel a million what we
started the rebel just three years ago
in my living room I could never have
imagined that a million so I want to
thank you our viewers who've been so
supportive of us and of course my
biggest thanks goes to our loyal staff
both our on-air talent and our
behind-the-scenes people who make it all
work we've produced more than 9700
videos that's amazing and a million
viewers think it's good enough to
actually subscribe that makes us the
largest YouTube news channel in Canada
bigger even than Trudeau's state
broadcaster the CBC and they get a 1.5
billion dollar a year government subsidy
and they had a huge head start but of
course we're not just in Canada anymore
we have viewers in the United States in
the United Kingdom and all around the
world people everywhere really seem to
like hearing the other side of the story
especially about topics at the
mainstream media what I call the media
party don't think we should be allowed
to discuss and you know what's
interesting the average age of our
viewers is just 30 years old in fact a
quarter of our viewers are 24 years old
or less it really gives me hope that
young people don't blindly accept the
media parties official narrative they
want a second opinion that's us it's one
reason why our enemies despise us I know
the word enemy is dramatic but I think
it's accurate left-wing journalists are
not just our competitors they want to
silence us I mean just take a look at a
few media party journalists here
obsessed with the rebel literally
demanding that no one talked to us
no one appear on our show the rebels the
rebel has crossed the line what renounce
rebel media from rebel media you said
you will not grant any further
interviews to rebel media or your links
in the past to rebel media
rebels media so you're the rebel media
that happens to call me
climate Barbie why is he working with
people who were associated with rebel
media
why do you go on rebel media it's now
weird it's not just the media party it's
politicians to Gerald Butz Justin
Trudeau's chaperone he hates us he's
obsessed with us and he if he isn't
raging about us on Twitter well he's
threatening Facebook demanding the BAE
gag us before the next election or he'll
regulate them
Albertus Rachel Notley is worse she
actually sent an armed sheriff to stop
our Sheila gun read a couple years ago
remember that when Sheila wanted to
attend a public press conference that's
insane but it's not just in Canada the
United Nations itself banned us from
attending their global warming
conference twice because we're skeptics
fault we went anyways our former UK
reporter Tommy Robinson he was actually
put in prison for two and a half months
by the government there well we asked
our viewers to crowdfund his
legal-defense and we helped set him free
you see we're making an impact and our
critics know it that's why they're
gunning for us but the thing about
hitting a million subscribers is that
now more powerful enemies than ever want
to take a run at us just last week all
the internet companies combined shut
down Alex Jones and enforce calm
literally all on the same day it was
collusion he had more than 2 million
YouTube subscribers
they just deleted him and all of his
videos forever now we're less wild than
Alex Jones but that's the point
they were just starting with him to set
the precedent but they're not done yet
they'll come for us and for Breitbart
comm and other conservative sites next
now the left wing is calling for
violence against us too every time we
send our reporters out left-wing
extremists punched us so we have to hire
security because most of the time police
don't protect us and the media party
actually loves it I guess my point is
we're bigger than ever our challenges
are bigger than ever too but I promise
you we will continue to fight for
freedom every day and it's nice to know
that a million people have our back so
let's take a moment to celebrate and so
on this amazing occasion of our one
millionth subscriber I'd like to invite
you to help
live long enough and strong enough to
get to 2 million subscribers so we've
set up a website called thanks a million
dot CA we're commemorating our million
subscribers with a special souvenir
lapel pin a gorgeous metal pin in classy
gunmetal grey it's low-key enough that
you can wear it anywhere but it's a
signal to other rebel viewers you may
encounter that you're one of us it's
almost like a secret handshake you can
wear it anywhere and lefties won't know
what it is but in any crowd you'll find
a fellow traveler this commemorative
gunmetal lapel pin is fifty dollars
including shipping it is beautiful it's
a way to show your rebel pride it's a
way to celebrate our achievements so far
and obviously it's a way to help keep us
strong to help crowd fund our way
forward Alex Jones self supplements and
vitamins since the left threatened his
advertisers away we crowd fund it's what
we do if you wear a rebel lapel pin
people will know you are the reason
we're still alive because your PIN
helped pay our bills
now some people are super supporters and
they don't want to be so subtle so we
have a full-color 1 million club pin
look at that hats it's gonna be gorgeous
we've already commissioned them they are
being forged right now I expect we'll
start shipping them in about a week or
so that's special 1 million club lapel
pin is $100 shipping included that's for
people who want to be a bit bolder who
want to positively start a conversation
about the rebel people who want to be an
ambassador for the rebel on the streets
and we have one more thing a true
collector's edition both pins plus a
letter of authenticity and thanks
personally signed by me it's suitable
for hanging on your office wall or in
your man cave if your missus won't let
you have it in the living room now
that's $500 both pins and a framed
letter hand signed by me now obviously
it doesn't cost us $500 to make two pins
and a letter and a picture frame but
that's my point this is a way to support
the rebel it's a form of crowdfunding on
this momentous occasion of us hitting a
million subscribers
it's your way to help us and our way to
say thanks to you and for people who
truly want to go beyond the call of duty
and contribute $1,000
we have a special awards package it's
everything I've just mentioned both pins
the sign frame thank-you letter plus a
private phone conversation with me and
another secret perk that I will tell you
about on the phone I know a thousand
dollars sounds like a lot and it is a
lot this isn't for everyone but it's for
those who really want to help us keep
the lights on and keep fighting the bad
guys for all the details go to thanks a
million dot CA our goal is to raise a
hundred thousand dollars and more if we
can you know what we do not just
thousands and thousands of great videos
but other things too
whether it's our activists billboards
our jumbotron trucks our lawn sign
campaigns our massive rallies our
best-selling political books now our
documentary films it's all making a
difference here in Canada and around the
world our enemies know we're making a
difference that's why they're desperate
desperate to shut us down a million
friends know we're making a difference
that's why they've subscribed thanks a
million to you for keeping us going and
if you want a limited-edition
commemorative lapel pin please go -
thanks a million dot CA a million people
rely on us for the other side of the
story if you're one of them please help
us out by buying a commemorative pin
they're gorgeous and it'll upset all the
right people go - thanks a million dot
CA
you
