these days everyone's talking about
Democratic Socialist darling Alexandria
Acacio Cortez
but no one's discovered Alexandria's
doppelganger a University of Illinois
professor by the name of Rochelle
Gutierrez one of these lovely ladies is
bringing Marxism to politics the other
is trying to put Marxism into math let's
take a look in modern academia filled
with old disciplines like English where
professors are trying to bring down the
percentage of white authors as well as
new disciplines like Gender Studies
dedicated specifically to cultural
Marxism you would hope that at least
math would remain politics free well
hate to burst your bubble but that's not
the case you see dr. Rochelle Gutierrez
from the University of Illinois
apparently focuses on equity issues in
mathematics and is giving a presentation
titled mathematics towards a way of
being she starts out claiming that the
relationship between humans mathematics
and the planet has been one steeped too
long in domination and destruction okay
I guess we're just supposed to take that
for granted and ignore all the
innovation math has made possible but
then she goes on to say I argue for a
movement against objects truths and
knowledge towards a way of being in the
worlds that is guided by first
principles mathematics
listen Rochelle I'm going to let you in
on a little secret
when your left-wing activist
masquerading as a public intellectual
yes you are typically trying to destroy
truth but you usually don't flat-out say
that she continues this shift from
thinking of mathematics as a noun to
mathematics as a verb holds potential
for honoring our connections with each
other as human and other than human
persons what the heck is an other than
human person you know I like trolling
these professors but honestly the only
school of thought I know of that
includes people who are not humans is
the Tumblr other kin community which
consists of people who
literally believe they are animals or
other mythical creatures trapped in the
wrong body Rochelle this is a insane and
B has absolutely nothing to do with math
so the professor apparently used six
years of funding from the National
Science Foundation that would be
taxpayer money to help math teachers
develop their political knowledge and
just look at the footnotes on this first
page of this article she published she
uses a capital B black uses the @ sign
when referring to Latinos to D Center
the idea of a gender binary since it I
guess includes both the oh and the a for
male and female says historically looted
instead of low-income and emergent
bilingual instead of English Learner
because she's apparently really
hell-bent on D centering English in the
United States needless to say the future
job opportunities of the students whose
teacher she's indoctrinating don't seem
as important to Rochelle as putting math
one of the most Pro reasoned disciplines
out there into the stranglehold of
social justice for campus unmasked I'm
Rob tarnish off if you like this video
and support our mission please make sure
to comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
