I think when you attack Americans for
being white to use a word of the left
here racializing them Minh is I think
most Americans I mean I would certainly
say this about most Canadians we don't
think of ourselves as white or
right-handed or in these boxes but if
white men are attacked as white men
after a certain point in time they might
say all right fine if you're telling me
that's how I'm valued and who I am and
that's my tribe and I'm pushed out by
the other tribe fine and I think it's
actually creating a racial consciousness
and identity that is probably unhealthy
to begin with but obviously
counterproductive I mean those those on
the left are creating the very racism
they claim to oppose that's my thesis
what do you think no I think it's
absolutely right I mean the 20 the 20
white I identify people who showed up
for this rally over the weekend there
were literally 20 of them that you know
that's the danger they present to our
country of 350 million people but even
they we're saying you know we don't want
to be hateful we just want we believe in
white identity politics well I don't
believe in identity politics for anybody
I believe identity politics is racism I
believe intersectionality is racism and
I think that if you're going to be
racist if you're going to condone racism
and say yes you know we are to be judged
according to the color of our skin
you're absolutely white people are gonna
start to do it too and then you find out
that you're outnumbered and it's not so
much the games not so much fun anymore
you know I believe as I have believed
all my life in e pluribus unum out of
them many we become one that what links
us together is our Creed and it's as
it's explained in the declaration that
all men are created equal those are the
things that make us Americans it's not
the ground we stand on it's the ideas
that we not just hold in our minds but
also inside ourselves in our hearts that
we believe in and that's what makes you
an American you walk in the door and I'm
meeting you for the first time that that
is what I'm gonna judge you on whether
you live up to those standards if you
are going to say to me that somebody
held slaves 200 years ago or 150 years
ago and he was the same color you are
therefore you are guilty you lost me I
mean then we were playing a totally
different game I mean then I feel
justified in saying oh well I was mugged
by a black eye and you're the same color
as he is so I'm gonna hate on you you
know and I just think that that is a
path the foul miss and stupidity I mean
that that's the way the world has been
until the foundation of America that was
the way the world always was that's what
we changed we were working on it we did
it badly we did bad things along the way
because we're human beings but if we're
not gonna stick to those ideals if we're
gonna abandon those ideals everybody's
gonna hole Bandhan that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levante
show no one leaves behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube if you want to
subscribe to watch the daily show every
day including always two interviews
today and I read my hate mail just click
on this screen and become a Premium
Member
you
