hey everybody welcome to the classified
live big day yesterday and I was
watching that Sarah Huckabee Sanders
press conference live and came to the
podium she's making a statement and I
have to tell you I was pretty blown away
by what she by what she had to say there
when she and I'm wondering if we're if
anybody's seen us live right now I got
to make sure we were not set to private
so I'm guessing we're I'm guessing we
are I'm guessing we're okay
anyway mm-hmm was watching that presser
and I'm not seeing anybody queued up for
this I'm gonna reset this and let's see
because I could swear we were we were
public all right there we go now I'm
seeing people start to come in mmm
all right so I was watching that press
her live button Sarah Huckabee Sanders
came out and she announced that Trump
had had revoked
brennon security clearance I was a
pretty happy guy because this is in
idiotic this idiotic narrative on the
left that's John Brennan and others are
entitled to a security clearance for
life is really stupid I mean it's one of
the dumbest things I've ever heard in my
life quite frankly I've never in my life
heard anything that ridiculous now I
read the entire First Amendment about a
hundred times over and over again and I
can't find anything in it mmm that
indicates you're entitled to a security
clearance for the rest of your life
never heard anything like it it's the
stupidest thing I've ever heard in my
life really really dumb I mean like
really really really dumb yeah now sword
of Damocles says that's a very good step
right so what trunk did was Trump pull
the security clearance of John Brennan
there's nothing to do with the First
Amendment Trump is also reviewing
security clearances of James clapper
Jane
call me General Michael Hayden Peter
struck Andrew McCabe Sally Yates Bruce
or end former Obama National Security
Advisor Susan Rice all needs to happen
these were the people these were the
people behind this bogus Trump Russia
collusion nonsense these were the people
who were trying to create a coup in our
government these were the people I
believe John Brennan was behind all of
this alongside John McCain and some
others I believe Andrew McCabe was in
his cabal this was a soft coup against
the sitting president of the United
States of America that's all this was
now the left is predictably well losing
their minds they're up in arms how dare
the president take John Brennan's First
Amendment rights how dare the president
do this to John Brennan an American Hero
Philip Rucker from the Washington Post
who apparently is no longer a journalist
I drop the tweet yesterday that says
John Brennan's public service CIA
station chief in Saudi Arabia CIA chief
of station director of terrorist threat
integration Center Director of National
Counterterrorism Center White House
Homeland Security Advisor CIA director
briefed three presidents so what so what
because with Sean Davis from the
Federalists points out is that John
Brennan was CIA director CIA station
chief in Saudi Arabia when the Khobar
towers were bombed he was deputy
executive director obviously at deputy
executive director of the CIA on 9/11 he
dropped the ball there he was CIA chief
of station during the Iraq WMD debacle
and he ran the CIA when it spied on
members of Congress and lied under oath
about it okay now you got the left
saying oh my god it's First Amendment
protected oh he you're taking John
Brennan's First Amendment rights away
John Brennan himself tweeted this action
is part of a broader effort by mr. Trump
to suppress freedom of speech and punish
critics it should gravely worry all
Americans including intelligence
professionals about the cost of speaking
out my principles are worth far more
than clearances I will not relent only
problem is intelligence professionals
intelligence professionals are saying
that John Brennan was patently wrong
they can't stand him said he was worth
CIA director in history was loathe
during his time at the CIA and they're
mortified at what John Brennan is not
now
let me read you the text of the First
Amendment because I'm sure you know it
but I'll read it again
now many on the Left are saying that's a
suppression of his First Amendment
rights John Brennan himself said he's
suppressing my freedom of speech here we
go amendment 1 of the United States
Constitution quote and Congress shall
make no law respecting an establishment
of religion or prohibiting the free
exercise thereof or abridging the
freedom of speech or of the press or of
the right of the people peaceably to
assemble and to petition the government
for a redress of grievances now I'm a
pretty literate guy consider myself a
smart enough guy read that multiple
times I can't seem to find the part
about being guaranteed a security fired
all for not doing their job or for
wrongdoing their clearances should
instantly be revoked I lost my pen their
clearances should be revoked alright
this isn't debatable this isn't a game
General Michael Hayden he's been out
there doing with Brennan's doing now
there was a lot of MIS misinformation
flying on the White House press room oh
he's only doing this to Democrats Hayden
was a Republican appointee under the
bushes James Comey was apparently a
registered Republican remember that a
Comey was there the Republican
administration he was a favorite of Bush
Comey was the registered Republican
Brennan served under Bush so no now
Trump isn't only doing this the former
Obama administration we're running the
thing was not entitled in a position
there
where we're gonna have these streaming
we're having these streaming problems
today because they're finalizing web
repair so it's up and down up and down
they're literally rewiring two square
blocks here and upgrading everything so
I appreciate all the suggestions you
know when you tell me you know check
processes but it's not that in fact when
I do the show the show runs on a
dedicated machine I have screens up here
that you can't see and then a dedicated
laptop that has nothing on it
it's unfortunately been very very
frustrating been very frustrating but
and somebody says wish I would do this
year
as watching it lie and fortunately I'm
doing it as a morning show right now but
we're gonna see if it makes sense to do
it later and our stream really yeah
we're having a really some terrible
stream issues today so I apologize for
that but back to John Brennan and and if
these stream issues persist what I'll do
is I'll Island it early and then we'll I
won't be here well you know I will not
be here tomorrow because the web will be
completely down in this area for about
five hours in the morning so we're not
going to be doing a live show tomorrow
morning but we wanted to connectivity
but what I'm told is it'll be 100% about
once once they're done with that all
right back to Brennan so Brennan just
because he was CIA - look I have a lot
of people out there saying well make you
leave you should have your clearance
revoked no I disagree with that look I
was called by NYPD a year after I left I
testify on so they couldn't make me do
it but of course I did it things came to
trial there were hearings I still needed
to be able to access the information the
NYPD had to still treat me as I was a
member of the department - let me review
my old Case Files things of that nature
right so I have no problem with somebody
leaving the FBI leaving the CIA leaving
the NSA the military keeping their
clearance number one they might have to
take a job with a contractor with the
defense firm a lot of people a lot of
people in the private sector of security
clearances you need government doesn't
exist on its own somebody has to build a
fighter plane right they're not Millett
notaries not building fighters McDonnell
Douglas is and Boeing is a building
military aircraft whether they be
fighters bombers transports well all of
those people hold clearances they're
working on top-secret aircraft there are
private contractors working on our
submarines there are private contractors
working inside CIA there that's just the
nature of this world and so this
assertion that of y'all the minute you
leave government service your contract
your clearance needs to be revoked well
that's kind of silly right because you
might need it in the private sector in
fact
if you believe for the private sector so
they need the clearance is that we want
them to have the clearances and we want
our former CIA director to have a
clearance in case there was a matter
they worked on or oversaw that pops back
up you want their expertise you just
don't want them to be a horribly inept
partisan hack like John Brennan look
Leon Panetta was a Democrat but he
always handled himself with class he was
CIA director when we went and got bin
Laden I always told me on but Panetta
was up was an effective guy he hasn't
been out there smearing Trump he's
conducted himself with dignity I have no
problem that Leon Panetta keeps his
security clearance because bin Laden's
son is emerging as a major player in the
world of terror so I want the CIA to be
consulting with former CIA director Leon
Panetta about everything he learned when
we were looking into Osama bin Laden
that might help us take out the son he
needs his clearance I want him in the
loop on those things all right I'm not
supportive he was appointed by a
Democrat I don't want him in but no he's
got expertise he was there he knows what
he's talking about Benjamin says they
can be read in on the fly if we needed
their assistance they don't need to be
walking around as a civilian with a
top-secret clearance I don't care I
don't you understand something just
because you have a clear I had a
clearance just because you have a
clearance doesn't mean you can access
any information you want having a
clearance doesn't mean you can go walk
in on Langley and review anything you
still need to be read in you still need
to be briefed having the clearance
doesn't mean you can go home and log
into some super-secret interface and
access all the nation's secrets it
doesn't mean that so having a clearance
means nothing nothing if you're not
being given the information what Trump
is doing is he's taking away the ability
of Brennan to be read in so what you're
saying is what happens anyway Benjamin
they are read in as needed
they're briefed as needed what pulling
their clearance doesn't them having a
clearance doesn't give them any more
information then they would not having a
clearance it just enables them to be
read in without any long delay of having
to reek leer that so there's a lot of
bad information
too many people believe that if you
carry a security clearance you get to go
into these super secret rooms and hit a
few buttons and you can see every secret
the united states that don't works it's
not how it works you just simply have
the clearance and if it's needed for the
job you're doing at the moment
you'll be read in without having to
undergo the entire investigation for the
clearance again that's all it means so
I've got no problem with people carrying
clearances but it's a privilege not a
right and when it's abused as it's been
by Brennan and these others it should be
pulled it should be pulled and so that's
that's why I you know I'd want it on
this show a lot of you guys we go back
and forth because I say I don't believe
in nonsense like you and I I'm not a big
fan of conspiracy sites look I back Alex
Jones is right to broadcast I'm on the
bird but I don't watch the guy I'll
never watch the guy not after he not
after he insulted the memories of my
friends killed on 9/11 with conspiracy
theories while I might not watch your
content I don't want it to ever be
banned from being broadcast here see
there's an example of people that don't
understand what a security clearances
DWT 10 says should the retired bank
security officer retain the keys to the
cash vault well bank security officers
never have the keys to the vault number
one that's always management number two
you're proving my point
merely having a security clearance does
not give you the keys to the vault it
doesn't it simply allows you to enter
the vault if the bank deems it necessary
to do something hey you were our former
manager when you were here things were
organized very nicely in the vault
come into the vault and show us how it's
done but if you were to just walk into
the bank and say I want to go in the
vault they'd say sorry you don't work
here anymore we don't need you in the
vault right now so you're not really
understanding how a clearance works a
clearance doesn't give you unlimited
access to the vault it simply allows you
to be invited in without a full
background check if they need you to
come into the vault so thanks for the
comment hopefully I clear that up for
you and yeah guys I know the buffering
is uh I know the buffering is a little
bit difficult and Nick at night says
banks nobody's explained how having a
security clearance works as you just did
thank you I was one of those maybe
people thought they could access
anything in any time thanks yeah no and
Nick that's the problem right that the
media is doing a terrible job of
explaining this of explaining it
I had a clearance for working in law
enforcement and when I left I still
carried it but it didn't mean I was able
access anything because my logins to the
law enforcement systems were taken away
when I left I no longer work there right
my access cards the building were taken
away when I left my ability to login was
taken away my laptop they gave me was
taken away now there was a situation
where I had worked on something they
needed my expertise with a certain
agency so I flew to DC I sat with them
and because I still had the ability to
to access that information well to
receive the information and given to me
I was able to assist so my clearance
kicked in then but only because active
duty people with that agency met me at
the airport drove me to the office we
sat in a secure room and they showed me
the limited things they needed me to see
without having to redo my background
investigation and that's all it means to
carry a clearance when you leave that's
it that's it I had no ability to walk
into that building on my own and start
opening files none I've I tried to do
that I'd have been a detained or
arrested like you or anybody else that's
all
jimJam says but someone can feed you
info view of a cohort on the inside yet
I could do that if you don't have a
clearance they could do what if you
don't of Aquarians because even if you
do they're breaking the law by giving
you information on a matter that you're
not reading to that's what I'm trying to
explain mm-hmm Benjamin says having
equivalence after you leave the job
seems like an unnecessary privilege but
it's not number one it's very expensive
right so here's why they do it cost the
government about a half a million at
seven hundred and fifty grand right now
to give somebody a top-secret sei so say
for example you leave a very senior
position and you're a an assistant
deputy director at the FBI
forget all the politics just say you
were really really good at what you did
you were a great counter-terror agent
your clearances are good for about five
years old append but five years for I
believe it's five years t SS CI or five
years - yes I haven't looked in a while
now you leave you're retired for a year
you're doing consulting etc etc a
position opens at CIA and CIA is now
looking at a group of terrorists
overseas that you were operating on and
investigating in the u.s. you're one of
the best at what you do you're
outstanding
why shouldn't they be able to just hire
you or offer you the job if you accept
why wait to redo your entire clearance
you've served for your 20 years you've
never abused your clearance you serve
this nation you're protected people I
have no problem with you carrying that
clearance for a few years so that you
can assist on investigations many people
leave they retire and then they work as
a consultant with law enforcement
intelligence so it doesn't make sense to
spend all that money and reinvestigate
and reissue that entire clearance Jeff
likes apple says if you retain 13
clearance with the police surely that
allows you the ability to walk in and
demand donuts you know that actually
it's the opposite I have to pay for the
damn doughnuts for everybody you
wouldn't have thought that would you and
sadly I've paid
Twinkies no no Benjamin Altec says that
that happen a lot
it really does look I've got a friend
for example who was SEAL Team six he's
been out of a six for about ten years
but he retains his top secret clearance
because he keeps getting it renewed he
conducts trainings in the private sector
he conducts
asymmetric warfare trainings for SEAL
Team six operators mm-hmm and I won't go
into what they do but he needs his
clearance to do that right and who
better than him to do it
he was a SEAL Team six assaulter so who
better than him to train one of the you
know the guys of which he used to be one
and he needs a clearance for that so
does it happen a lot yeah it happens a
lot and it's necessary and you know it's
something that I don't well I see what
you're saying Ben about guys go rogue
but I will tell you this I've got a lot
of friends who retain clearances when
they left I really do and they've all
been able to put them to use in some
fashion had a friend who was in the Navy
had a clearance up to nuclear and you
know he's now with one of the companies
that bills submarines for our Navy he
needed his clearance right he's he used
to serve as an officer on that side and
now he's working with the engineering
teams for the next generation of sub you
need a clearance for that and so you
know you're gonna remember to like win
it when these companies that are
building aircraft carriers and
submarines and bombers and fighters and
tanks and em raps they're they're trying
to hire first the people that were in
our military that used this equipment I
mean who better to help you build the
next generation of equipment than the
guys that used it in the previous
generation the girls that use it in the
previous generation
they all have their clearances they need
those clearances to work in those jobs
to make better equipment or to help
design better equipment and so solu g72
says do they check though people after
they left before they reinvent them for
jobs you'll go through
a brief background check but your
clearance isn't is it still in place so
you don't have to go through that
extensive one they'll still do most
agencies will still do a basic
background you know credit look for
recent criminal records on the UI's
things like that but once you pass that
basic background you know drug test
things like that then you can start
being read in because you're clear your
overall clearance is still in effect
so what they're really doing is they're
only really checking the time from your
severance to your application for the
new job and making sure that nothing
changed in that time period that
everything kicks in again mm-hmm Jeff
posted a serious question about let me
see what Jeff said here do I think that
getting rid of Brennan's clearance
allows the Trump administration to
investigate him more freely not really
not really there are but I think this
does is it silence is running a little
and takes away his ability to access
information that he can then lead to the
press and spin to damage the Trump
administration I believe they're already
investigating him drop bomb says of the
SEAL Teams one through five I believe
it's one through eight or two through
eight one through eight and then sex is
Development Group on Naval Special
Warfare Development Group they're the
obviously the Tier one they call unit
you believe the seals go up to our teams
up to eight yeah let's sing let's see
Sig guns on my mind six hours of my mind
now who just wrote that no clearances
for traitors hills of VA Road I agree I
agree John Brennan is an example will
there be more hangman John Ruth says or
will there be more yes so they're
looking at John Ruth are looking at the
clearances right now Sarah Huckabee
Sanders said this yesterday the security
clearance is under review right now to
be revoked art James clapper James Comey
General Michael Hayden Susan Rice
clapper Comey Hayden Peter stroke Andrew
McCabe Sal
Bruce or and Susan Rice so many
clearances right now are under review
was that one two three four five six
seven eight with Susan Rice yeah so many
clearances are right now under review
look they should be they should be what
these people were doing was disgraceful
hmm what these people are doing is
disgraceful
mmm now who said that medet exits truck
will lose his he should now here's where
we differ wait wasn't my type in my
opinion differs not was I think when
you're fired
your clearance should be revoked and
then given back to you provisionally if
they need you for something an old case
to be read in on something but beyond
that when you're fired it should go with
you DMC asks what about Debbie
wasserman-schultz
mr. low-key great to see you brother
Debbie wasserman-schultz is actually I'm
literally sitting in her district right
well no I'm actually sitting two blocks
from her district I'm in ted deutsches
district Debbie wasserman-schultz
should be in a lot of trouble I don't
know what's going on with that hopefully
we'll we'll see an investigation someday
Special K says something I agree with
when the mower witch-hunt is finished
will there be a special counsel for the
real crime of trying to remove a
democratically elected president I tell
you guys all the time I hate the concept
of a special counsel I think we need but
I think we need a second special counsel
to investigate the first special counsel
I stayed all the time but uh yeah I
don't I don't like it but I did we might
need it
MK ULTRA says that flag looks amazing
against the black wall visually
appealing easy on the eye Thanks
yeah you know I was toying with what to
do with the background and then one day
I just tried black and it worked it just
worked and guys again sorry about the
stream
Victor berend I believe that after you
served military or civil service once
you leave and are not in reserve they
they should have a limited secret unless
you can prove you are a threat to nation
no I think look I don't have any problem
you keeping the coordinates you had it's
expensive and time-consuming to give it
to you there we go streams will get a
little better now I think Rene nado
since when Colonel Sanders retired I'm
sure he had a say in what happens to his
chicken 11 secret herbs and spices
secret should have been top secret it's
pretty good stuff the you think Captain
Crunch has a security clearance let me
know what you guys think
gunner says cigarette ler and 300
blackout I'm actually building two more
AR pistols
one in 300 another one in five five six
right now I'm just trying to figure out
so many accessories I want to keep them
very strimm very trim pretty stripped
down pretty light so next gun showdown
here Adam Gingrich says it will happen
what will happen Adams buddy of mine
would it Adam say I don't know what
you're talking about
Adams a good guy let's see mr. low-key
careful wearing that shirt brother you
know how fast Fords rust in a ring dude
don't tell that to my brother he's got
one of those new Shelby GT 350s the
thing is a rocket but I will tell you
they the car is awesome uh so I think
you and he would be arguing about that
DeMille and Hillary Clinton still hold
their clearances yeah they probably do
him and she was Secretary of State he
was sitting you a US president so yes
yes
Obama needs a security clearance revoked
you're never gonna see that happen to a
former president he was president the
United States for two terms she's not
gonna happen
not gonna happen Captain Crunch in the
general about fairly top-secret don't
you know yeah yeah I would think so
Captain Crunch been around a long time
you knows where a lot of bodies are
buried
I think we need to let him keep his
clearance special cases thing I like
about thing I like about Trump he has no
special interest he's president
president for the people unlike Obama
who was a voice for the deep state and
socialists and the far left
and America haters yeah yeah yeah Oh
second Oh Adam Gingrich the second
Special Counsel will have it look I hope
it does I hope it does and I'm not sure
I'm not sure I will say this though Adam
is one of the sharpest guys I know in
politics it's a good buddy of mine
personal friend
so I'm 5050 but I will also say this
Adams the sharp guy with this stuff so I
do trust his judgment and so I won't
rule it out
Glenn hexie that says Dianne Feinstein
and her Chinese boy toy should be
indicted as enemies of the state
I'll tell you one thing I don't about
indicted for Dianne Feinstein that guy
certainly should be and she should be
nowhere near classified information
until she is thoroughly investigated my
name is love so show us your tattoos
that's about all you got there
and my shark mid Narottam says congrats
for 1 million subscriptions yeah the
rebel crossed a milestone the other
night a million subscribers so doing
very well you know it seems that when
they try to censor conservatives we do
better
grandpa John gaming says John I love
Trump but get so annoyed about the wait
run against them does the USA that he is
actually doing things that he promised
and put USA first why would they betray
and hunt him like this well John for
that reason he's disrupting the status
quo and putting America first he's not a
globalist he's not trying to cut America
to its knees like Obama and Hillary did
there's a lot of money remember
something there's a lot of money in war
and when Trump wants to go sit down and
talk to people in the go shape deals use
economic sanctions instead of sending
our soldiers to be killed
very willing to send nineteen-year-olds
to have their legs blown off you know
some of us not some
let's see it's trying to get a stream
back for you guys here we go there we go
Benjamin have sex good question
and I think around 8:15 we're probably I
got a notification that around 8:00 them
I'm getting texted on it now Benjamin of
sex ed who is sessions is that the old
guy who pops up now and then claiming
he's the Attorney General yeah he's that
really old guy looks like the Keebler
Elf who pops up and says ms-13 leave a
weed civil asset seizure and then he
goes back into the whole like the
groundhog
that's who Jeff Sessions is exactly
exactly alright let's see what else we
got here they're going after every
channel they're going after every
conservative channel let's see let's see
what else we got going hmm special Daisy
says Trump is doing it for the people
he's already a billionaire he doesn't
need the money unlike Hillary is in
politics for the money I happen to agree
I think Trump's a problem solver
the guys built the business solving
problems Benjamin I'm glad you like my
Jeff Sessions impression uh he and his
thirteen legal weed civil asset seizure
then he goes by and goes back to sleep
he takes a nap uh he's yeah look Trump
is a problem solver it's how he built
this business right he said how do you
get from A to B in the most efficient
inexpensive profitable quickest way now
the interesting thing is when he started
doing it in government those solutions
turned out to be conservative policies
I'm laughing at Benjamin's comment yes
that sentence looks like the Keebler Elf
he looks like the Keebler Elf no he was
the worst he was the worst choice for
attorney general the worst he's he I
believe is an old dude who just doesn't
want to you know what
just think no here's something that
always blows my mind you ready think
about their energy levels think about
the amount of fight in these two men
while I put this in perspective for you
Jeff Sessions is 71 years old Donald
Trump is 72 years old Donald Trump is a
year older than Jeff Sessions Jeff
Sessions acts like Donald Trump's
grandfather it's incredible incredible
let's see now the video quality is poor
it's not deep state censorship Dean it's
unfortunately they're doing some
upgrades on the web over here yeah
rowdy Yates Whedon's in a big mess and
Sweden is in a big mess
Panchito says one of my thoughts on the
MSM silence on keep ellison all right
there's credible allegations against
keith ellison but here's what I'm going
to say now well we have on Ellison is we
have that guy who made the allegations
on Facebook Austin Monaghan saying that
he saw a tape of Ellison domestically
abusing his mom the mom Karen Monaghan
then said this happened there is a tape
I'm not going to release it another
woman I believe her name is Amy Ashley
in 2006 or any Alexander or Amy I know
one of those names something like that
in 2006 said Ellison did something
pretty much identical to her there's
been a 911 script circulating in the
media that appears to me to be
legitimate and local media outlets in
Minnesota said they did vet it and it is
a factual document it's a legitimate
document transcript from the police
department now you've got two
allegations that spend 12 years very
similar with the complaining victims
alleged saying these things happened I
give it weight and I give
wait because when Rob Porter who worked
in the White House had similar similarly
weighted allegations leveled against him
the media burned him at the stake and
forced him out of his job however if
there's a tape on Ellison produce it
much like if there are tapes of Donald
Trump saying things produce them if
you've got a tape produce the tape that
said with Ellison even without the tape
there is more than enough evidence in my
eyes to warrant an investigation and a
suspension from the DNC because you've
got two complaining victims and the son
of one of the complaining victims
publicly saying this these are an
anonymous sources these people are
standing out there in front of cameras
giving their names saying he did this to
me they're not asking for money in the
case of the woman from 2006 she didn't
press charges they never sued him and
she's not trying to get money now
because the statute of limitations on
the civil suit expired nor are the
Monaghan's in fact it looks like they
don't wanna have their privacy invaded
so to me these victims seem fit well
I'll say alleged victims seem very very
credible the cop and me talking they
seem very very credible and I think the
mainstream media should do more to
uncover whether or not there are more
allegations more alleged victims so yes
I think the mainstream media silence on
this is disgraceful disgraceful hmm
let's see what else we got here let's
see let's see let's see
rowdy Yates asked me about Tommy Robin
said so I'll say what I always say I
think what they're doing home is
disgraceful but but watch Ezra for that
nobody nobody out there has the
information Ezra has on Tommy Robinson I
would do the case no justice so Ezra is
your go-to guy for all things Tommy
Robinson Ben F SEC says what's up in
Minnesota thought Al Franken was bad
enough Minnesota's a dumpster fire
remember that ad for the congressman
from Michigan oh god yeah I do but go to
frança right Al Franken had the
Democrats circle the wagons around him
and there was a photo of him trying to
grope that woman
so Al Franken is a great analogy for
what's going on with keith ellison in
the media okay
fan 1-2-3-4-5-6 is missing the point
about security clearances when I leave a
job they take my card key in my logins
and access a terminated common sense
tells you to cancel the clearance a
clearance doesn't give you access to
anything ready yet it says I'm only 16
already of my life threatened six times
for your views on many topics all the
left resorts to his violence and threats
right right but keep it up never let
them silence you they don't have a
platform they don't have intelligent
substantial retorts to your positions so
all they can do is threaten you that's
it it's all they've got it's all they've
got all right I'm gonna have to ban
another troll here I don't understand
why people troll they think somebody's
going to engage them anything anybody
cares what they have to say sort of
Damocles I covered what you're talking
about New Mexico because that wasn't an
Isis compound if they that had nothing
to do with Isis now the judge I covered
that whole story in the judge giving a
signature bond but um Lisa Leto it's
Larry Clayman gonna be the special
counsel I know Larry I took Larry a few
times a week he wants to be but no they
wouldn't they wouldn't appoint Larry I'd
like to see them maybe think about Larry
I really like Larry quite a bit he's a
good guy and Larry and I speak about
three times a week about these issues
here good comment by Ben Ben a stack a
clearance gave the illusion that
Brennan's speculation into and you endo
and I'll even add commentary and media
was more credible than it should have
been exactly then great point
pulling Brennan's
parents kind of neuters him now when
he's in the media it's his opinion it's
that you no longer gonna say hmm is he
getting some secret info that we don't
know about now he's just a guy with an
opinion like most other commentators
which he should be yeah hmm
ready yet it says yeah it's hilarious I
load up with as many facts as possible
go into class and engage they've
complained of the school many times and
apparently I'm a racist and sexist pig
for my views on feminism oh yeah oh yeah
you're gonna be called every name in the
world to your conservative positions
you're gonna be called every name in the
world Jeff we're gonna be doing the sex
offender cases early next week the
Catholic Church the priests because
tomorrow they're gonna be finishing the
upgrade so it won't be here they're
gonna be do we're gonna be doing those
cases they require a lot more because I
worked on those cases I'm gonna do a
whole show probably two shows on those
early next week
uh do I think Trump will make the health
care in situation for the poor is better
in the USA would be a liberal country to
live in I think he's doing it I think
when you strengthen the economy everyone
benefits it's not an overnight fix
you
add to that Reince Priebus getting the
boot out of the white house that's why
by the way make no mistake
mind because these are their sources I
Brennan is their source homie is their
source McCabe is their source Strock is
their source they're losing their minds
in the media because if all of these
security claims get revoked
they lose their anonymous sources close
to the president have said anonymous
sources have said that's why the media
is losing their minds Nicholas no there
are not there are not 40,000 sealed
indictments surrounding the Clinton case
people do not know what they're reading
stop the queueing on nonsense many many
of those things that are sealed are not
even indictments all right you guys have
to learn there's a system called pacer
which is the federal court system search
you pay I don't know
dimes for each page people number one
we're a nation of 330 million people
there are a lot of federal prosecutions
okay all of the things that are sealed
aren't even indictments and of the ones
that are many many many many many of
nothing whatsoever to do with the
Clintons or this they're a drug case
they're a gun-running case they're not
gonna a crime case they're in
anti-terrorism case or a
money-laundering case they're a Wall
Street case you get you guys are being
given terrible terrible information
terrible terrible terrible terrible
information all right
Clifford high in London ready edits
you're in Australia I recommend you pay
attention to Nick Adams Nick Adams was a
conservative in Australia too is here in
the US I'm sure you know him
Nick's a good good buddy of mine really
great guy he can give you some really
spot-on
insights into how to handle this let's
see what's the best way to get rid of
London Mayor vote him out convince
people that he's terrible and vote
against them
Tyrone black hello in the Cayman Islands
I'm gonna be down there for a wedding in
November
my good burns the house down there and I
will be there the McBurney fighters
don't start themselves in Israel Hamas
uses fire they use fire here in the US
America and by the way thanks for the
donation yeah terror issues fire
everywhere 9/11 proves that Hamas is
very active here aligning with groups
like care and trying to legitimize
themselves Victorian Greyjoy hello from
Cancun hello in Cancun stay safe down
there in Mexico um let's see the 90% of
members of Congress have dual Israeli US
citizenship that is simply not true
sorry but I see where you're going with
this not going to deal with it have a
great one
see one of the things I put out there
for potential trolls is to understand
that you'll never be engaged you're
never gonna beat me we're not going to
argue back and forth to many people here
to actually have substantive
conversations and learn things and teach
me things I'm just gonna hide you on the
channel forever you're not going to be
able to comment that's my role with
trolls zero tolerance you will never you
troll once troll twice maybe I'm just
missing the point you're a little
sarcastic you're funny
P Kingston black coffee and iced water
yep love it in the morning that's uh
care is a memory I started my care yeah
care is a terrible organization care
I'm very deep into care and they're
aligned with radical radical radical
groups some bad people o phrase McBurney
you're talking about the forest fires on
the west coast no no no no no no I'm
sorry I thought you were being
metaphoric God no no no that's not
terror now it's just that part of the
country has had no rain and they've had
these very dry thunderstorms so
high-altitude thunderstorms where the
rain evaporates before it hits the
ground what the lightning strikes so
you've got essentially a quarter million
acres of kindling getting hit with
lightning and keeping those fires going
now people have started them but the guy
who did it was up I'm starting one of
those fires was a local career derelict
criminal American guy just now this is
not this has nothing to do with terror
nothing nothing to do with terror and
you know Nick at Nite X Intel guys say I
think or I believe media than idiots say
it's fact as long as death I Trump I
think I believe plenty doesn't make it
fact well Hillary get indicted Mogga Q
goes public or no interest cues Q is
fake he was fake
don't listen to that nonsense Hillary
will never get indicted Hillary's not
gonna get indicted the rest of what you
say
absolutely but a lot of former Intel
guys can't stand John Brennan they think
he's a moron Jeff likes Apple see you
later brother thanks for tuning in the
you'll never see an indictment Hillary
Clinton I believe
you
wouldn't work impossible one person
special cave would love to see them
yeah but you know George Soros as much
as I dislike the guy appears to he funds
some pretty nefarious actors but he does
it legally a lot of what we find out
about George seeing his tax returns that
he pays and he posts on the Attorney
General's websites as he's required to
do so that's the ironic thing about
George Soros we know about all of the
bad characters he funds because he's
does it in a very legal and compliant
and transparent way and so I don't think
there's much to investigate George Soros
on because yeah just money the black
lives matter and antia and all these
other radical groups but he puts it
right there on the tax returns of his
open societies foundation and he files
them with the IRS and then he posts them
up on the websites in all the states
that require that so the public can read
them there are thousands and thousands
of pages of Soros's tax returns out
there for public consumption
so I despise
you
and that is unfortunately with the first
amendments about if somebody's doing it
legally they're allowed to fund they're
allowed to speak do these things that we
deem reprehend and guys we're gonna do
now because it's only about what I'm
gonna do because it's only about ten
minutes to the end of the show is I'm
gonna cut it early because the stream is
clearly very very bad I will be back
with you Monday morning we're gonna have
all these issues worked out thank you
guys so much for watching great today
love your comments
keep them coming I'll see you on Monday
morning right here 7:30 a.m.
