what was your life like and what part of
it did the burqa play well it played a
huge part so once I was Islamic Lee
married to the man that I was forced to
marry I was told that I have to start
wearing this knob which is sometimes
referred to as a burka depending on from
which part of the Muslim world you're
from and at that time he everything had
to be delivered from Saudi Arabia so I
had gloves delivered I had socks
delivered I had a face veil delivered I
was covered head to toe in black top to
bottom and what that does I describe it
as a sensory deprivation chamber because
you can no longer see properly or hear
properly or feel properly you are erased
as a human being your individuality is
gone I mean we know that most of our
communication is nonverbal so you can no
longer communicate effectively with
people people don't see you as an
individual or as a human being you're
all of a sudden just a black blob and to
go back to your comments about Boris
Johnson in the Muslim community people
are always calling women in the club
bats tents penguins ninjas all of these
analogies are made and that is within
the Muslim community so you know for
people to make jokes or to make these
comparisons is not so completely outside
of the realm of reality I think that
Boris Johnson's comments were actually
quite benign compared to other things
that I've heard said about new hobbies
from Muslims it's important to note that
in a club is not typical Muslim attire
it is for extremists as you know my ex
was a jihadi a member of al-qaeda and
that's why I was told that I have to
wear than a hub it's not your typical
Muslim people that are wearing the hijab
or the knob or the burqa that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
