welcome to Declassified live guys
alright starting off I'm gonna ask how
is the audio because we've had a couple
audio glitches and I don't know why
because we start off every day our video
is uh pretty good now we're not having
those videos streaming problems but I
don't know why our audio has been a
little weird I want to talk about
Omarosa so hey what's happening Satan
that's weird mah got some great bloke
how's the audio sound you guys just give
me a little feedback right now let me
know just let me know what the audio is
like to you and good on this end all
right good we got a good audio so I
really want to talk about summer a
situation and normally I don't do shows
that engaging gossip and all this stuff
but this one's bothering me bothering me
for a different reason
if you watch the show if you watch my
other shows if you listen to me on the
radio if you watch the afternoon
television show I do on a cable network
in the US I you know I'm a big defender
of this president I'm a big supporter of
this president and look I've always been
honest about that right I'm an opinion
commentator I'm uh I'm a conservative
opinion commentator I am NOT a down the
middle journalist now I think guys like
Jim Acosta at CNN or left-wing opinion
commentators who lie about being
objective journalists I truly do but I'm
gonna right-wing opinion commentator I
was i backed this i endorsed this
president on my radio show in 2015 all
right I was one of the first guys on-air
excuse me that was all in so it's it's
the rare instance when I rebuked and I
criticized this president when Omarosa
Donald Trump made a terrible mistake and
he owes an apology to the American
people a terrible terrible mistake all
right I understand loyalty I understand
wanting to take care of the people that
you are that you've known for years but
Omarosa never had a business even
visiting the White House let alone
getting a job that
her six figures of tax payer money
yearly the white house created this
monster and now they're dealing with
that monster attacking them
everybody now look I travel around the
country political events spend a lot of
time in DC interface with a lot of
people people in Trump world people in
the political space people in the in
that sphere and what I will tell you is
this I come across people every day good
and bad I come across people who know
president and his family and I hear very
good things about people I have very bad
things about people depending on who
you're sitting with I can hear something
two completely different things about
the same person in the administration
I've sat down with people who think Rick
Perry the energy secretary former
governor of Texas guy happen alike and I
don't know we're having these buffering
problems again I do know that they're
doing some work on the lines here we've
been trying to get the web upgraded all
week and they're doing some work still
they're upgrading there they're
upgrading this entire building complex
and so we might have some buffering
issues today they're gonna be done by
Friday the last couple days have been
very good but they're they're literally
replacing everything with new fiber off
and so our webs a little spotty back to
Omarosa Wow we've got some we've got
some buffering problems sorry about that
guys alright so back tomorrow so mm-hmm
so here's my problem woman never
should've been in the White House all
right this was a problem the president
caused this was a problem the president
caused the woman and never had any
business in an office in a role that was
a critical function for the United
States of America just because she was
on a reality TV show now like I was
saying before we had a little buffering
issue so I sit with people every day
I've sat with people that know this
Secretary of Energy Rick Perry I haven't
liked but I set with a group of people
that really didn't like it they don't
like what he did in Texas and then I set
with another group people that same
night this is a Trump in DC a few months
ago who think he is the greatest man in
the world all right now I happen to like
the guy I'm in a lot a lot me a ladder
can well he's great as men in the world
but my point is I like him I think he's
a very personable guy who's doing the
right thing with the Department of
Energy my point is you're always gonna
find opinions on both sides right about
people not amorosa anyone I've ever
interfaced with over years by the way
not just during her time in the White
House going back to the early days of
the campaign because I really didn't
care what that woman was up to before
that I never never once never once heard
a nice word about her from anybody not
one time I heard things like why is she
around
she is horrible she's nasty she's
backstabbing she's self-serving she's
far left she's a liar she's just a
terrible person these are the things
people said to me about her some very
very senior people on the campaign very
senior people so Satan here he says he
probably trusted her and she betrayed
him I don't know I'm just desensitized
stuff like this what I'm trying to tell
you is people closest to the president
said she wasn't trustworthy they don't
understand why he trusted her because
she'd never been loyal it was very weird
very weird no one no one liked the woman
maybe the president did but I can like
you one of the people don't right I
couldn't like you if other people don't
I can see good in you what other people
don't
that doesn't mean you deserve a
six-figure taxpayer-funded job and the
title of special assistant to the
President of the United States that's
ludicrous
and that is simply ludicrous Luda
it's ridiculous and the president of
United States owes America an apology
for this one he does because we have
very serious problems we're facing and
the mainstream media is now obsessed
with Omarosa yesterday I ranted about a
compound in New Mexico where Muslim
terrorists were training children to
kill other children and they found the
body of a three year old on the property
who's believed to be the son of surah
Hajj the lead terrorist a dead body of a
little baby three year old toddler and
the liberal judge Sarah Bachus in New
Mexico gave them a signature bond let
the terrorists walk free media is not
reporting on that they are not reporting
on a terror compound in New Mexico
teaching children how to kill their
classmates they're reporting on amorosa
and I blame the White House I blame the
White House for giving her a job and
bringing her in that's who I blame
that's who I blame why would you do that
why would you bring this unqualified
woman universally disliked universally
deemed unqualified in to the White House
with special assistant for the president
with a special assistant for the
president title a fan of this president
I'd back them to the wall mr. werewolf
dude thanks for the donation I'd back
him to the wall I could write Harry
roadman says we love Q that's sad
because Q is fake if Q were so real how
did Q miss the Peters crock firing
how did Q miss Omarosa Q is a fake
nuff said now now when you have a
distraction like this when you have a
Moroso out there she hurting the nation
and make no mistake this woman is now
hurting the nation hurting the nation
she's out there saying there's
corruption in the White House robert
muller should put people
jail the campaign was corrupt Trump knew
about WikiLeaks emails being it's all
nonsense do I believe now I I hope you
guys who watch me believe that I have
integrity I hope you think that I give
you an honest analysis right a lot of
people are going to be mad at me for
going against the President on this one
a lot of people are gonna be mad at me
but he's wrong on this one he was wrong
hiring her so hope you think I bring you
information through the lens of truth
I'm gonna sit out there alleging that
there's a tape where the president said
the n-word a racial slur that's not in
the other I was told by somebody that I
worked on a media project with in 2009
somebody very very senior on The
Apprentice very senior integral to the
creation of the show integral to the
success of the show not Mark Burnett
I'll say it's not Mark Burnett who told
me when these rumors first surfaced we
haven't have a call about it last year
well about some other things but this
came up he said it is absolute nonsense
to the best of his knowledge absolute
nonsense
he said I worked with Donald Trump on
that show for ten years never heard him
say anything inappropriate never even
heard a whisper of something like this
existing he this person went as far as
to say Omarosa is making this all up for
attention and those claiming this tape
exists or making it all up for attention
now my position on the tape so I hear
that it's a guy trust it's a major
player in Hollywood guy trust I hear
that then I looked something else I look
at something else Hollywood loves
Democrats Hollywood loved Hillary
Clinton NBC especially loved Hillary
Clinton does anyone in their right mind
think that if NBC or producers of an NBC
television show were in possession of a
tape that could have destroyed Donald
Trump's run for the presidency that
wouldn't have been leaked in October of
2016 does anybody in their right mind
believe that Hollywood sat on that tape
and just rather they sat on a tape just
to screw up the 2018 midterms they
didn't drop the tape to a crush Donald
Trump's White House run now they waited
to screw at the midterms it defies logic
it defies logic that's why I don't
believe any tape exists now here's the
problem the White House has I'm gonna
say this
Sarah Huckabee Sanders is foreign away
in my opinion one of the best press
secretaries to ever stand at that podium
one of the best Chazz 1422 thanks for
the donation man says the tweet calling
her a dog was weak in petty he has many
supporters and needs to let them deal
with low hanging fruit she's a liar
provocateur I agree on the ladder I
don't mind that he tweeted at her he
needs to go at her horrid that's his
style but yes she's a liar provocateur
but back to the tape don't believe I
don't believe it exists I don't believe
it
Hollywood would never sit on that tape
would have been released in late
September 2016 and you would have been
inundated with it
inundated with every prominent black
celebrity would have been out there
saying he's a racist you would have
heard that snippet of tape over and over
and over again if it existed if it
existed remember they're claiming
someone in Hollywood had it they're not
claiming a Republican congressman had it
they're not claiming an old business
associate of Donald Trump had it they
are claiming someone who worked on The
Apprentice a Hollywood liberal had the
tape that the tape was known to many
Hollywood liberals but it never leaked
it never liked it it's impossible now
look
if there's a tape out there in services
I will come on air and admit I was dead
wrong well I'm gonna have to do that
because it just defies logic that this
tape would exist and never have been
released I don't buy it so as I was
saying I think Sarah Huckabee Sanders
one of the best people ever to sit on
that stand of that podium and the White
House press room one of the best shot
sharp she's quick on her feet she's
witty she's funny very well informed
does a great clear concise job of
informing the American public mm-hmm all
right she screwed up big time yesterday
some reporter I don't know which one
asked her can you guarantee my
paraphrase a little bit can you
guarantee that we'll never hear the
president use the n-word in any context
on any tape ever and Sarah Huckabee
Sanders said I can't guarantee anything
now I know what she meant and that you
went on to say the president has already
spoken to this he clarified it blah blah
blah now I know what she met mm-hmm what
she meant was no adult can you guarantee
the actions of another adult right I
don't care if you guys watched me every
day you loved my show you're fans of
mine and I take on a cause you want to
back me up somebody says can you
guarantee Cardillo won't do this
you'd be crazy to say yes you're proper
and your correct answer is look hmm I
can't guarantee anything I can't
guarantee anything another adult might
have I can guarantee a child might do
can't guarantee anything anybody else
might do right so she was right in
saying that but she shouldn't have said
it because all she did was give the
left-wing media fodder to say oh wait a
minute
Sarah Huckabee Sanders kind of implied a
tape exists oh wait a second she said
she can't guarantee it doesn't all she
should have said all she should have
said was president's already addressed
this read his Twitter feed listen to his
comments I'm not even going to talk
about this tape president's already said
it doesn't exist
presidents already said he never said
that
people have been bumped on neuroses
claims including pollster Frank Luntz
hmm sorry guys my allergies like I told
yesterday this region like pollster
Frank Luntz who they claimed
heard the president say these racial
slurs Frank Luntz not a Trump fan at all
never Trump er went right out there on
Twitter he said this is complete
nonsense I'm named in unnamed on page
149 and I'm LaRosa's book it's not true
nobody ever spoke to me nobody ever
asked me she just put me in the book
there's a Franklin said yep that's what
Franklin said somebody just said if
you're ill eat superfoods like Twinkies
oh I'm not ill I feel great I feel a
hundred percent just the weather down
here in South Florida it's been so up
and down then and they're doing a lot of
landscaping where I live there's a lot
of landscaping outside the studio as
well it's just wreaking havoc on my
allergies mmm terrible it really is and
then we have two a/c units in this
building and the one that affects this
room it has an electrical issue so it
turns off quickly so it's a little warm
and and that ain't helping now you've
got Franklin's debunking Ambrose's book
you've got multiple people saying that
they never heard the things she
attributes to them or ization they never
heard the things she claims they heard
and related to her they never heard them
they never relate back to her now you
got another tape with Katrina Pierson
you know the old spokeswoman she's still
out there for the campaign
Lynn Patton another person it was on the
campaign senior person you've got
another tape in which they're talking
about various tapes the Access Hollywood
tape whether or not this Rachel floor
tape exists and they're sort of bouncing
around scenarios
well Omarosa is releasing that she
recorded them as well she's releasing
that tape as
kind of evidence that the other tapes
exist it's ludicrous it's ludicrous not
how it works
oh I took somebody out of context saying
this and I'm gonna twist it to prove
that exists just it's dumb and shame on
the mainstream media for continuing to
have all morose on now I will give
credit there have been a few out there
and even some on CNN that have asked her
tough questions and when they do she
gets very angry very very combative very
angry very combative now to me that's
indicative of somebody being dishonest
okay Henry Henry the fifth says you can
get ball I'm I'm John not Frank but I
get what you're saying you can guarantee
that I'm not sick it's just allergies
because you agree with me on some other
stuff that's basically it right or
you've got a tape of me when my
allergies weren't kicking you know
you've got a tape of people talking
about how clear I was at a speech I gave
ergo I don't really have allergies hmm
that's the equivalence it's really dumb
really dumb really dumb and now people
are saying well they're gonna come up
with a tape and they're gonna use
software to mimic voices that won't work
not when you're going after a
billionaire who happens to be president
United States a lot of forensic analysts
out there will what will be bunking plus
you're gonna find the person that that
person was allegedly speaking to and
they're gonna say this never happened
this is doctor so Brendan Hall asks how
can we take down amorosa I think she's
taking down herself her credibility is
shot nobody wants to hire her I was told
by people not just in the Republican
Party
she is a pariah in the Republican Party
people in the Democratic Party they
don't want any part of her they don't
like her they don't trust her she was a
disaster when she worked for the
Clintons but Clinton
I hate her guts they want no part of
this they don't even go in after Trump
they're like in her bed
it was horrible puss she was horrible to
the truck station we're done with her
the Democrats didn't even want her so I
morose is really her own grave
career-wise she's done she's killed her
around career you know hmm it's it's
tough she's her own career a lot of
friends a lot of guys told me about this
Oh what a lot of missiles look I like
the president style
Aleksey New York style mm-hmm I like it
very much I like it a lot I like it a
lot but I will say this and I am pushing
through when my allergies hit me and
they hit me in two ways my eyes or my
voice and my voice is just devastated
today but so Brendan all asks will suing
her for breach of NDA work well here's a
problem right that NDA is only limited
to the campaign you don't sign an NDA in
the White House because would be a
violation of your First Amendment you're
a public employee and it's a public
building so there it really can't be an
NDA unless the information you're
receiving is classified so this only
extends the things she did on the
campaign so talk to a couple of really
smart lawyers yesterday Larry Clayman
founder of Judicial Watch who's now with
freedom watch Larry says absolutely she
violated her campaign NDA he feels she
has liability others don't
hmm and others don't
and so you know it that's gonna shake
out and they're actually not going to
court what I read is they're going to
arbitration and so typically arbitration
falls down on the side of the person who
initiated it who has the agreement so
we'll see how it shakes out we'll see
how it shakes out
now another little interesting tidbit
that popped up I hadn't looked at it
because I was researching Omarosa but
mmm shockingly because this pertains to
another tape they've seen the the
allegations against Minnesota
congressman keith Ellison that there's a
tape of him dragging an ex-girlfriend
off her bed and and screaming at her and
being physically abusive and all that
well here's our people party politics
aside I'm not gonna criticize or look do
I believe the allegations against
Ellison I believe them because in 2006
there were similar allegations against
him by another woman who came public
nearly identical but again I'm not gonna
say a tape exists on keith Ellison until
I see it I don't like the if this family
has this tape they need to produce it
they need to produce it now the other
issue here they are the defamation
claims the libel claims
look that's trumps a public figure keith
Ellison is a public figure but these
allegations against both of them go
beyond that they are defamatory they are
slanderous they are libelous so if you
have a tape produce the tape produce it
that's all produce the recording now
what's really scary though is that
Ellison you know Ellison is a Muslim
who's aligned with the Nation of Islam
and Louis Farrakhan II he supports
groups like Hamas Ellison won the
Democratic primary for Minnesota
Attorney General overwhelmingly
overwhelmingly he's not a good guy at
all he's a radical far leftist I feel
Muslim terror sympathizer I truly
believe that this guy is about to be
the chief law enforcement officer in the
state of Minnesota if he wins the
general election that's scary
that's scary now if a tape on it exists
maybe they're waiting to drop it before
the election and no vet help the
Republican wing you know if that's the
case I get it I get it but we need to
see it MKULTRA 1186 says there are tons
of Muslims in Minnesota you can't even
walk out the door without stepping over
one yeah a lot of Somalis went there and
that's particularly troubling because
with Somalis come all Shabaab and their
sympathizers and that is a dangerous
dangerous group now I figured Keith
Ellison was gonna win because he is the
Deputy Chair of the or of the DNC got a
lot of money behind him a lot of money
behind him and the DNC would love
nothing more than to have their Deputy
Chair their Deputy Chair as a State
Attorney General it's a very powerful
position you're one of 50 and you have a
lot of power to sue the federal
government to change and influence
policy not just in your state but on the
federal level a lot of power sidekick I
don't need to set up a temporary studio
they're working on our connection right
now it's just that they were doing
upgrades in this entire area for the
last couple of months so the web has
been a spotty for broadcast that's
really our problem for day-to-day
business applications it's been fine but
there I'm doing pretty extensive
upgrades pretty extensive upgrades who's
talking about I saw something with Fort
Lauderdale let me see up don't know
where that way okay I thought I saw
something about that I didn't eric
Dondero says Somalis have destroyed
Lewiston Maine downtown Lewiston is now
one of those asshole countries
yeah look these people come here and
they live in places with extreme poverty
and they certainly don't want to respect
our laws our way of life you know hmm
they don't what do we expect what do we
expect Oh Gail has been a repeat what I
said about keith Ellison
so yeah our streamline I'm saying that
look I've been keith Ellison terrible
guy I think he's a far left radical but
if a tape exists on him beating up this
woman produce it produce it
you can't launch accusations and
allegations like that unless you produce
the evidence I am no Keith Ellison fan I
think he's a Muslim terror sympathizer I
think he's a friend of Louis Farrakhan
it's a bad bad guy but you can't defame
someone and say you have evidence of
them beating women unless you produce it
now in fairness the woman is saying it
happened she's saying it happened but if
there's a tape release the tape unless
their strategy is to release it before
the election
Oh Gail keith Ellison won the Democratic
primary for Attorney General of
Minnesota and because he's the co-chair
of the DNC they're gonna dump a lot of
money into that race a lot of money into
that race so he may very well be the
next Attorney General of Minnesota and
that is very very troubling very very
troubling mmm yeah you can expect no-go
zones here in the US John Zeeland says
yeah yeah yep hmm that's that you can
but I don't think we'll ever let it get
that far I don't even think we'll let it
get that far I think we are gonna be
doing a lot better as a nation and then
then many of these other countries are
because here in the United States we
have conservatives and we have law
enforcement
thank God still isn't afraid to use
force
they're getting afraid but they're not
afraid to use force when necessary and
appropriate and so I uh I'm not super
worried I'm not super worried that we're
gonna you know face the same fate as
these other nations I'm just not mm-hmm
now Paris has had this problem for many
many years I speak to people who were
stationed over there in the embassy in
late 90s early 2000s they had no-go
zones then and you never heard about him
you never heard about him but they had
no go zones then and hello moon says I
can't wait for the day when Donald Trump
and the Republicans are considered
left-wing well I mean that's gonna
happen I really don't I don't think
that'll happen I just don't like I don't
know zero Enoch zero says making
accusations without evidence does no
good for our credibility hmm yep yep you
know I don't like that's a lot only
conspiracy theory sites that's why this
Q nonsense is nonsense and Q debunked
itself by not knowing about Peter struck
being fired mmm struck was fired on
Friday if Q was this massive insider
they would have known they would a
leaked it yeah I'm not a so KQ American
woman says Somalis in Minnesota scare me
they have Somali police fraternity now
nonprofits somebody is a really really
dangerous place and I don't see a lot of
good coming from Somalis emigrating in
the u.s. I just don't
mmm I think they are too culturally and
institutionally radical and
fundamentally anti-american what they
believe is not what we believe so
I think that's a very very big problem
that we in America should look to you
know we we don't have to let everybody
in this nation all right we don't so
let's go to some of your comments now
hmm let's see
Wow got a lot today um hmm cat girl said
earlier in the show Trump is good at
saying things so I understand them it's
a great comment all right look that's
why he won it's why he won the election
plain speak I said Ted Cruz sound it too
much like a graduate political science
professor he really did Trump you know
when they were talking about trade all
the other candidates very wonky very
wonky on trade very intricate very
detailed needed an MBA to understand him
Trump got up there and he said our ships
go to China empty and they come back
full they're selling us we're not
selling to them and Americans went that
makes sense that's what these other guys
were trying to say why the hell didn't
they just say so yes Trump has been a
great communicator he's mocked by the
mainstream media because they're elitist
but he communicates very well everyday
Americans with America
they Trump his food I don't mean he's
rude I don't think he's rude at all I
think Trump les disques and Fox is
moving like Mick to the left they
certainly are now
Katrina was uh her statement doesn't
make a lot of sense to me I know what
she means
but I know the statement she and Lynn
Patton put out wasn't the clearest just
wasn't the clearest so but I'll be
honest with you I didn't watch the ed
Henry interview I plan on watching that
after the show the recording when I get
home I do this show in the morning that
I do a television show on a cable
network in the afternoon the last thing
I want to do is watch more news the last
thing I want to do is watch more news
let's see what else we got the Pirates
started this in 1812 when they took on
our Navy ships I don't know what they
started but okay don't take on the US
Navy it typically lose Gail says Gail
Katherine says Trump kept it simple and
spoke to the Forgotten people exactly
yeah exactly
I always said Trump made the silent
majority get very loud because he knew
how to speak to them you're a hundred
percent correct mm-hmm
and ivk 4pj says Trump is the
communicator catgirl says straight
forward well exactly look I always say
the Trump is like that president in a
movie that you say well I wish we had a
president like this who spoke like this
then you get one and you're really mad
about it no other media is anyway now if
Trump were a leftist if Trump were a
leftist they love them I love them oh my
god we love them Oh at least I said he's
talking about the Barbary wars yeah okay
I wasn't watching that let's see okay
pegye says i met with trump face-to-face
at the Nashville rally a while back and
talked with him for nearly 10 minutes
when he met with local business leaders
afterwards the guy is a godsend man is
aware exactly the guy understands how to
fix problems that's what Americans want
no one rhetoric they don't care about
polish they want people to fix problems
with Aztec man double-oh-seven channel
says he's a common-sense guy they want
somebody to fix problems using common
sense and Julian P says there isn't any
question about how Trump feels about an
issue the rest is all spin try to offend
as few as they can yeah yeah and I'm
sick of it and you're sick of it and
America's sick of it the world is sick
of it sick of it
hollow moon says this why I believe
Trump will be considered left-wing one
day people are now starting to wake up
and debate topics they don't agree with
there will be someone more libertarian
than Trump yep I agree I agree it's
gonna take a while because you're gonna
need you're going to need people to fund
that and in that movement to gain steam
right now it's to party Martin
ask it I don't know I'm old I don't see
your question so
as long as it's not trolling mm-hmm
let's see well no question yet when I
get it
I'll answer it the trunk doesn't build
real relations with other right-wing
countries in Europe he does some guy
said that he absolutely does I'm talking
to some very senior people in the Polish
military they love him they love him
they love him he's like a godsend to
them so Poland is a really conservative
country
Chelsea Clinton tweeted out that
abortion is a boom to the economy I got
to go to Twitter real quick in and see
the context of that Eric van Darrow said
that she did that let me pop over here
to Twitter and see what my good friend
Chelsea Clinton is up to these days it's
sad when Chelsea Handler auto-populates
before Chelsea Clinton and I don't see
that anywhere oh here's something about
it
let's see what she said
Chelsea Clinton says Rowe help add three
and a half trillion dollars to our
economy Chelsea Clinton's trying to spin
it I didn't even see this story very
very interesting hmm uh-uh oh geez
I don't know poor Chelsea she really is
bloats all right so let's see this guy
asked me a question I don't see it
anywhere
hmm somebody said I was avoiding their
question but they wouldn't ask no idea
but old Chelsea Clinton Sam roe v wade
added three million dollars it's poor
economy mmm I don't know I don't even
know where to go with that don't even
know where to go from
don't own the Internet hmm I don't want
Trump to own the Internet
I don't want anybody on the Internet I
don't want anybody to own the Internet
and you know guys the stream is getting
a little bit worse and I just got a
couple of updates from the provider hmm
that they're gonna they may turn it down
may lose Internet at 8:15
so we'll go a couple more minutes but if
the stream continues to be this bad I'm
gonna end early and they promise me that
this will be completely fixed by Friday
by Friday so well will be 100% by Monday
let's see somebody asks me what do I
believe
Trump's vision is on a decentralized
currency cryptocurrency I don't like
crypto it's not backed by anything it's
not real to me right now it's I think
it's a nice concept I don't I don't not
a fan
I don't own any crypto I have a to
Bitcoin that I got early on but I
wouldn't put any real money into it but
that's me I know people who've made
money on it if it works for you go for
it just not me it's not me I just not
for me at all I like commodities I like
oil and gas they make the world go round
I think it's uh you know this is safer
bet but again if you're like crypto go
with crypto I don't think it's real it's
viable and I don't think I'll be around
for long
Gale Cochran says I still don't
understand general Mike Rogers it's
Admiral Mike Rogers he was the former
head of the NSA haven't heard much from
him think he's just kind of gone off in
a retirement I think he went off in a
retirement and the real bad guy in all
this is John Brennan gonna be talking a
lot about John Brennan tomorrow a lot
about John Brennan tomorrow
and I just got a text here an alert
saying they are going to send the web
down at 8:15 it's gonna be down for an
hour so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
sign off now I'm gonna see you guys back
here tomorrow morning at 7:30 a.m.
thanks so much for watching guys really
appreciate you and I will see you back
here tomorrow morning
