there was a meme art show in Brooklyn
and it couldn't be any cringe year on
Twitter it was reported that there was a
meme art show in New York City and I
found this really interesting because I
just love memes
I thought maybe New York City was
starting to lighten up and find their
edge but upon closer look they are just
as cliche as ever
I found it from a Twitter user who said
I'm literally so upset there aren't any
other reporters here this event is huge
and there's so many cool dresses people
and memes it would make such a good
photo gallery look at this this looks
like a typical party with a bunch of
hipsters the art world underground
theater and meme culture is supposed to
be cutting-edge but this show looked as
booj waa as ever they even had a
step-and-repeat
a red carpet photo area type thing with
cocktails it couldn't get any more
mainstream the DJ's were wearing
t-shirts that say a meme connoisseur
just look at some of these memes I mean
look at this white privilege exists the
left can't mean but they are also trying
to hijack the culture of the coping
mechanism of red pilled youth in a post
irony world memes are grassroots
working-class guerilla battle tactics of
a disenfranchised generation our memes
have a sadness and longing to them this
event proves they are normy conformists
the conversation calm explains what a
meme is and where it came from
despite their popularity it is not
widely known that the meme has its
origins in the world of academia the
term meme is rooted in evolutionary
biology and was coined by Richard
Dawkins in his famous 1976 book The
Selfish Gene according to Dawkins a meme
is a unit of cultural transmission or
imitation his examples include the
concept of God and nursery rhymes and
jokes catchphrases and fashion trends so
I instead said maybe there's another
kind of replicate
on this planet that potentially could be
doing the same job as DNA and that's
where the mean came from the meme is the
unit of cultural inheritance the word
meme comes from the Greek mamimi meaning
imitated which Dawkins supposedly
shortened to rhyme with gene mean a nod
to the similarities between the survival
of certain memes through the evolution
of culture and the survival of certain
genes through the process of natural
selection memes that are copied from one
brain to another you potentially have
the possibility of a kind of natural
selection what bothers me about this is
that they attack the right for our means
they are quick to use our memes and
people that post them as proof of racism
if we imply anything controversial via a
meme then they want to turn around and
make a boos wah art show out of it
they are also glorifying a big
followership they're trying to take a
subculture and turn it into a mainstream
profitable boring cliche if you want to
see more from me and the rest of the
rebel team like and subscribe
you
