today I'm bringing you another rebel
investigation it's the first in a
four-part examination of a Canadian
Border Services refugee screening audit
that had been selectively edited before
publication today we're examining some
of the failures of the government to
effectively screen refugees coming into
our country Canadian Border Services
Agency completed an internal audit that
detailed gaps in refugee and migrant
screening processes now the audit
uncovered dozens if not hundreds of
asylum applicants that went unscreened
in one form or another
the original audit called the audit of
operation Syrian refugee CBS a security
screening was severely and selectively
redacted but a full version of it was
eventually leaked to the mainstream
media Global News devoted a one-page
article to the full version of this
audit and I guess that's a start Global
reported that for 150 files part of the
screening process did not occur meaning
that key information may not have been
identified or considered when approving
refugees and 39 Syrian refugees who
should have undergone comprehensive
security checks were not screened before
arriving in Canada although they were
recorded as having been screened given
that the screening process is designed
to weed out fake refugees from actual
refugees and to prevent war criminals
and terrorists and other national
security threats from entering into the
country this is a serious failing of
government mechanisms designed to keep
us all safe on a day to day basis and it
deserves a much closer look so we
started going through this thing with a
fine-tooth comb and what we found will
shock you so let's get right into it
in this first document here you can see
that eleven out of six thousand nine
hundred and sixty-three immigration
files do not match CBSA records why not
in this next document you can see that
one
135 files screened by government
officials lacked evidence of having
received an open-source check a Google
check a nun of 150 files identified had
a documented integrated query check the
potential impact of the missed open
source and integrated query checks
during screening is that key information
may not have been identified or
considered when making the admissibility
recommendation to immigration refugees
and Citizenship Canada this internal
government email says 22 people aged 19
to 52 had no comprehensive security
screening done at all absolutely nothing
in this audit result officials found
that 36 government accessed refugees
were approved to come to Canada but did
not have the required comprehensive
screening and the audit says that there
may be actually more missed screenings
in this audit result it reads the
potential impact is that these 39
subsequent cases did not receive
necessary screening and therefore
potential security threats may not have
been identified prior to granting
admissibility and in this next part of
the audit they found that immigration
refugee and citizenship Canada and
Border Services Agency officials
identified that not all officers may
have been aware of the requirement to
choose the type of screening and any
subsequent changes required a
cancellation and resubmission in the
global case management system of the
Border Services Agency meaning
overwhelmed border agents didn't know
the proper procedures when dealing with
refugees and migrants flooding the
border from another part of the audit
officials admit that for a time adult
children were not required to be
interviewed independently of their
parents what this means is that
everybody's story would be the same if
they were all being interviewed together
so there was no I ability to identify
the fake refugee adult children who
would be piggybacking into the country
with older refugees this part of the
audit details the entirety of the
refugees who were refused in Ankara
Turkey and deemed inadmissible to Canada
the only people in Ankara deemed
inadmissible to Canada were for refugee
cases who failed to appear literally
everybody else was approved in Ankara
Turkey a stable place far away from the
Syrian civil war the only people who
were refused entry into Canada were the
ones who couldn't bother to show up for
an interview now this has been just the
first half of my investigation into the
documents that detail the security
screenings failures I've got nine more
documents to show you tomorrow that lay
out the failure of Justin Trudeau's
public safety ministry and Immigration
Ministry to do it they need to do to
keep everybody in Canada safe but that's
what happens when you unleash a torrent
of migration like Justin Trudeau did
government agencies just can't keep up
and then we're all put in danger for the
rebel media I'm Shiela gun Reid big tech
has a war on conservatives to get around
the censorship happening in Silicon
Valley we've got our own rebel media app
where you can always get access to our
content download it on the Google Play
Store or the Apple App Store give it a
whirl and take the other side of the
story with you wherever you go
