I've been thinking a lot lately about
business and government and I think it's
pretty accurate to say that business
controls government especially in the UK
doesn't make me a socialist maybe it
means I'm not totally a free-market
capitalist libertarian type maybe I'm
just in between but I think it's true to
say that actually across a lot of the
Western world the government's in the
pockets of big business bending at will
to their demands and hope that the
economy doesn't crash and you know what
interestingly if fascism relies on
government and business being closely
linked then I think maybe there's an
argument to suggest that our current
system is fascist but I'm digressing
here because my claim that government is
too closely linked with business and
that big business in effect tells the
government want to do is proven today
with the report that the Confederation
of British industry is advising the
government to just scrap their migration
targets to scrap them and they're being
very clever about it by the way cuz
they're trying to position themselves as
a probe exits here and pro normal people
when they do it so let me explain this
let's start with the net migration
target so the government for years since
2010 have been talking about reducing
migration down to the tens of thousands
so the Tories that means 99999 and maybe
a baby and that's it
you know they will get it as close as
they can to a hundred thousand but
honestly they haven't even tried it's
been eight years the Tories have been in
government in coalition and by
themselves it seems like a lot of time
to even get close to the goal but we're
nowhere close we've still got hundreds
of thousands of people coming into the
country every year so one no no close no
closer to that tens of thousands go but
now the cbi is saying that the
government should just scrap that net
migration target totally and instead
they say replace it with a system that
ensures those who come to the UK make a
positive impact on the economy nice try
I know what they're doing here because
the CBI is a history of digging its
heels in over breaks it and they're not
quiet about their opinion on freedom of
movement either when they say replace it
with the system that ensures those who
come to the UK make a positive impact on
the economy I mean that's it's quite
vague actually it's quite vague it
sounds like the kind of thing that you
were promised to patriotic voters but in
reality it doesn't mean all that much
the CPI's deputy director-general is a
guy called josh hardy and he said the
immigration must be put on the table
quotes intro
talks to give us a better deal seriously
sir specifically he wrote this he said
for global Britain to succeed the UK
must send the right signals that show it
remains open and welcoming to the world
that means putting migration on the
table in trade talks to get as a better
deal first with the EU and then other
countries where it is clear existing
visa restrictions inhibit trade and
foreign direct investment free movement
he's talking about free movement in a
different name their own recommendations
on the CPI website by the way say that
they intend to quote replace free
movement with an open and controlled
immigration system for EU workers an
open and controlled system specifically
for EU workers now that's just the
equivalent of free movement in Europe
with a different name because otherwise
what's the point why only for EU
citizens and as they say themselves they
want to put immigration on the table on
the table as part of trade deals because
visas are restrictive for the economy
see I'm not fooled by this and I want
you to think about this closely as well
I won't trust big business to tell me
what's good for my country I just won't
you know my loyalty is to my people into
my country and not to big business
because a lot of the time big businesses
loyalty is not to us so we've got to be
sensitive about that when the CBI tells
us that immigration proves time and time
again to have a net economic benefit I
have to ask for who who's this benefit
for is it for the worker or for the
business owner and I'm not talking about
small and medium-sized business owners
here I'm talking about big big companies
because looking at towns neglected in
the north like my hometown which doesn't
do particularly great and places even
worse what's much worse off in the
Northeast psyche Hartlepool in
Sunderland large parts of Yorkshire and
Lancashire I mean there's so many towns
up north that are completely
impoverished and I can't help but think
when I think of these towns that the CBI
is either lying or being economical with
the truth because immigrants do offer
quick easy cheap labor yes but that
doesn't benefit the people of Britain
does it that benefits the big business
so I'm sure cheap labor is nice for
these guys I'm sure it's great having
easy access to basically
slaves because they're the wages they
pay them barely scratches the surface of
the funds that these guys have but it's
not so handy is it for the mother have
for who's unable to find a low-skilled
position in Sunderland that actually
pays ferry so when the CBI is telling us
that they need to replace the free
movement system with a new free movement
system and that we need to scrap net
migration targets because actually
immigration is beneficial
ask yourself beneficial to who if you
want to see more from me and the rest of
the rebel team remember to download our
app on the Apple App Store and the
Google Play Store and like and subscribe
you
