Caitlyn Jenner has told variety that her
dream acting role would be to appear on
the big screen
as a female Marvel villain she said in a
Marvel movie I want to play the baddest
ass lady you've ever seen in your life
they got the wicked queen or the wicked
lady just do the makeup and the outfit
and I got the deep voice this made me
laugh it's actually kind of funny and
hey she never said she wants to be the
new Catwoman so whatever there was
actually a comic book I liked and then
90s called Jem 13 which had a lesbian
character so it's not like there hasn't
been diversity before and it didn't
really matter because that was the
storyline from the start it's not like
they were changing characters to be
something new Caitlyn is a pretty
polarizing figure but certainly not a
bad person
the idea that she would want to be a
Marvel villain makes me laugh but it
would be funny maybe but equally and
maybe you would flop that's the thing
with comic books and superhero franchise
is they don't always take off there have
been a few success stories kind of like
Black Panther but there have also been
plenty of sob stories I'm not sure if
it's a comic book I'd enjoy or movie I
watch but hey maybe it would help heal a
few divides maybe a trans woman mocking
the fact that he has a deep voice would
go a long way to bring together
polarized communities though I suspect
the left wouldn't be too happy at the
idea of a trans woman making some
self-deprecating jokes if you want to
see more for me and the rest of the
rebel team like and subscribe
you
