just last week and tario Premier Doug
Ford decided to cut the size of City
Council by almost half and oh the cries
of outrage from the usual suspects they
reverberated throughout the mean streets
of hog town but that's not the case with
my next guest Giorgio mem led the
councillor for Ward 7 actually welcomes
the changes and speaking of change if
reelected he has a bold new plan to
bring about relief to the troubled
neighborhood of Jane Finch
welcome to the ezra levin show Georgie I
thank you so much for having me and it's
going to be Ward 7 and Ward 8
that after this election oh that's right
animating it that's right I think it
would be to a lot of viewers out there
somewhat counterintuitive that anyone on
council including yourself would support
a reduction of almost 50% of council
seats but you actually do support
premier Ford's move yeah I think it's
wonderful I mean if you were here right
now I'd give him a big hug because at
the end of the day he's doing the right
thing he's feeling the public code it's
what they want it's it's saving taxpayer
dollars not only on the council floor
but also within the bureaucracy itself
because we have less reports we don't
you know did we drive the bureaucrats
nuts with reports and that sort of thing
so I think it's a good thing is gonna
save a ton of money in the end in the
long run and we get to make decisions
faster and better and you know what I
like about this move the best David the
suburbs finally get represented yes and
and and I've been I've been harping on
this and people have been laughing at me
for so long but finally we're gonna have
a say and those those long-awaited
transfer payments for little things like
getting our parks cleaned and grass cut
and that sort of thing they're finally
gonna make their way up to the to the
suburbs indeed George what do you make
of the outcry by the usual suspects on
the left that this was undemocratic
there was no consultation
this was never talked about during Doug
Ford's election campaign and I'm sure
there's some other things I guess of
course a personal vendetta against
Meritor and against four years ago does
any of that hold water hogwash first of
all the Doug his brother myself a whole
slew of us have been talking about this
for four years and even before they came
onto the picture guys like me after
Malcolm ation we're saying the same
thing it's too big we need to cut
ourselves in half because it's
unmanageable we can't keep doing this to
the to the taxpayer and so it got heard
with the Fords for sure well before this
and it's been an ongoing conversation in
elections it's been an ongoing
conversation outside of election so it's
not a surprise to anybody the people
that are complaining are the same people
and I might add a bunch of lefty New
Democrats socialists communists whatever
you want to call them they're the ones
that didn't have a problem cutting the
police budget and police the police by
800 officers today they didn't have that
problem when they voted in cutting out
those jobs or cutting out some of those
manufacturing jobs because they didn't
like what people manufacture right they
didn't hear the plight of all those
families when they came to council they
voted against those jobs all of a sudden
their jobs are in jeopardy and now we're
hearing a cry from them so this is
really about the NDP power base of
downtown Toronto being eroded and what
one of the latest developments at the
11th hour you had the city plan of the
former city planner Jennifer Keyes Matt
a darling of the left throw her hat into
the ring I heard they count of a courted
by Clayton and even David Miller to be a
challenge what do you think of her
arrival into the Merrill Tia ratio and
do you think I'm thinking mayor Tory
must be feeling backstabbed right now
because he has caved to almost every
left wing demand on council these last
four years and now he's thrown under the
bus so what do you were your observation
well he didn't listen to me to a largely
because I told him right from the start
you're conservative don't cater to a lot
of things that and he did it I think for
primarily political reasons I think we
can all read through that right that
kind of thing and now he's stuck because
he has catered to them anticipating that
there's going to be another 47
councilors on on the on this on the
council floor and I think this is going
to benefit him because now he might be
able to become his real self
that right-leaning guy that sent a
right-leaning guy that he always husband
I told him the other day I think this is
actually good for him he's gonna have
more powers as the mayor he'll be able
to to perhaps talk a little more but
what he wants to do in the next term and
he plays his cards right he needs just a
few people to support I mean they'll get
his agenda through it's better for him
and I know we're an eternity away in
political timelines Georgio from October
22nd election day but what do you see
shaking down in terms of the mayoralty
race I mean we have keys Matt who is you
know admittedly a a serious contender
Blaine last minute as well I'm not sure
what his political CV is all about but I
mean how do you see it playing out well
it's between the two of them and I
believe that is right and Tory's got to
come out with Israel real self I think
in this election and there is no red
carpet for Keyes Matt in the suburbs and
so that I need to make that really clear
that a guy like me is not going to be
supporting a very left-leaning
individual who by the way was very
instrumental in in and bringing this
whole city through this congestion that
we've been with with the bicycle lanes
and yeah and that whole array of
mismanagement on on on on on bike lanes
and how we're putting them everywhere
right King Street pilot and Roger
banding cars right all of it even even
even the shift on subways and LRT s you
know has a lot to do with with her when
she was at the helm so I know what she's
about she's not good for us a
good-looking lady for sure said Tories
are good-looking man we're not gonna
vote for people that are that are
good-looking are we were if that were
the case I'd be the mayor today in the
me to era you're not playing at the end
of the day look at their platform and
look what they stand for they're not
gonna be good at least she's not going
to be good for for the for the suburbs
in my opinion yeah and no and speaking
of the suburbs if we can call Jane Finch
suburbs you know as I said in the
beginning though you have a vision for
this community I mean my heart breaks
when I think of Jane Finch there's a
disproportionate amount of crime there
you had ministered to bolo two weeks ago
right along in a police cruiser in the
wee hours of the night he was actually
condemned as a racist by Andrea Horwath
a leader of the provincial NDP and for
stigmatizing a community and yet this is
a guy at 1:00 in the morning that was
visiting a real cracker reacting to a
problem yeah and you know so a couple of
things I know you have a plan you want
to talk to about Jane Finch but what do
you make sure of this tone that
everything is through a lens of racism
even a minister wearing a bulletproof
vest for a ride-along Thursday mistake
he's reacting to an issue which is one
of the largest issues we've had in a
city for a long time and those those are
the gang bangers in the city that aren't
afraid of anybody and are gonna kill
people on the streets and anybody else
around them yeah so he was reacting to
that and the policy has taken from a guy
who's gone on those rides for 28 years
they will not let you go on these
midnight runs these two o'clock runs to
see the worst parts of the of the city
unless you wear that vest or even the
good part is to be able to go true right
so so so well you know even meritorious
said well I never wore a vest well yeah
but you don't need to wear a vest if
you're gonna go with some traffic cops
right like you know to look at what the
congestion or the problems with traffic
you are gonna need a vest if you're
gonna go to two o'clock in the morning
and look at some of the crack houses and
how they're the part of the problem in
TC HC so TC 84 those as I draw that
that's operation and of course these are
this is taxpayer subsidized social
housing that in addition to people that
need this assistance you know and and I
don't think anyone is begrudging that
there it is factual that there are thugs
there are drug dealers gangbangers
living here and there shaking down
residents there most of them being
seniors and yet why can't we kick these
thugs out of taxpayer-funded subsidized
housing we attempted through the mayor
Mara Tory just a couple years ago
actually to try and get to the wind
government to change the legislation to
allow TC HC to be able to evict problem
tenants yes they said no this is not
going to do it
and so what we've learned which is very
extensible policy reason on that that's
what I don't understand to that because
1% now first of all let me say it this
way 4% of TCC tenants make up the
population of Toronto okay they're in
every part of the city of Toronto these
units one percent of their population
are a big problem to not only the the
residents in NTCC but the much larger
communities when I say that but what by
that is they're harboring literally all
of these killers they're harboring the
the drug dealers they know they are and
they can't do anything about it because
the courts won't let them evict they
call it the last place for these people
to go so so if they evict there's
nowhere else for these people to go I
see it like spraying down a building
full of cockroaches the cockroaches are
just gonna scatter right so start
evicting them yes let them scatter
because their particular strength is
when they're all together in a community
like Jane and Finch so my approach is
going to be scatter them evict them get
them out of Jane and Finch completely
and I also have a further one day but I
think we need to knock the buildings
down completely and build into a mix
it's not fair to those residents to be
to be segregated they had that they
think to have been for the last 60 years
it's no wonder our little kids and those
communities are growing up angry and
killing people
we need them to mingle with the rest of
society so I want to knock down all of
the social housing and Jane and Finch
put a plan in place and by the way I've
already done it I'm the guy who came up
with the affordable housing plan at City
Toronto that started the Regent Park
movement right which is considered a
great success where it was a similar I
you know mate you calling ghetto wise
area of the city but it was raised and
now it's a mixed housing development
which hammering in the private sector so
the private sector helped also helped us
build it
TCC became a developer but it was a good
mix changing the community I'm doing it
right now at four Grove we've already
knocked down half of the units of fir
Grove okay and the residents in the back
those ratepayers that have always had
concerns about the crime that comes out
of out of the social problems are saying
you've gotten rid of a lot of our
problems here now so I want to do it
with driftwood I want to do it on
Sheppard Avenue I want to do it on Isla
islington core where we just got a
number of shootings lately you know
Duncan woods
Satterlee all those little pockets I
want to knock them down rebuild them as
a mix and get rid of the problem once
and for all by being able to evict these
bad people well we're almost at a
racetrack I'll give you the last word
you've got a election slogan I
understand that you go yeah I've always
kept it real always and that's gotten me
into trouble because sometimes when you
keep things real people don't want to
hear it this election is going to be
about keeping it real and that's what I
plan on using well Joe thank you so much
for dropping by the answer Levin Joe and
there you have it folks listen the
province went right in June maybe in
October the City of Toronto is going to
take a right-hand turn time will tell
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levante show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
