so the witches are at it again
instead of putting a hex on Donald Trump
our president they are now putting a hex
on Brett Kavanaugh I mean they just
can't win and they can't figure out what
to do about it so they have resorted to
spells that's right spells The
Huffington Post writes modern-day
witches play in ritual to hex Brett
Kavanaugh witches are gathering
Brooklyn's who hex the Supreme Court
justice Dakota Brooke Hawley a Brooklyn
based witch who is organizing the
October 20th event said the witches see
the hex as a radical act of resistance
that continues witchcrafts long history
has a refuge and weapon for the
oppressed downtrodden and marginalized
so there are a group of witches that are
going to a bookstore in Brooklyn to do a
hex together they tried to do this on
shop it didn't work out so well I mean
we keep on winning and they're trying to
do it to Brett Kavanaugh which is really
interesting because I'm not sure that
they are aware as witch or someone that
practices magic that there is the
threefold rule and Texas are pretty
dangerous I mean it's like an anti
prayer it's the opposite of of putting
love and energy out there it's putting
harm and damage onto someone and the
universe only brings that back on you I
mean just look at these people do these
people look like they have any magical
powers they don't look too strong to me
and what does this pose this guy's doing
I'm not really aware of this maneuver
witchcraft has been used throughout
history as a tool and Ally for people on
the fringes of society who will not ever
really get justice through the powers
that be so they have to exact their own
justice for Kali who organized 3 hexes
against President Donald Trump last
year's said the ritual is meant to be
cathartic for victims of sexual assault
Cavanaugh will apparently be a focal
point for the hex but not the only
target the public hex is meant to exact
revenge on all rapists and the
patriarchy at large which in bold
rewards and protects them oh man this is
just such a trope isn't it I mean the
patriarchy that embolden sexual abusers
what society are they living in i mean
sexual assault and rape these people go
to jail they get accused so i don't know
who's in funding sexual predators and
rapists and this is just dangerous these
people better back off and step away
from the hexes because they just keep
getting the threefold rule back on them
over and over again i mean maybe it's
time that I put my spell into a
protection for these people now remember
spells are just priors okay so don't
freak out about this let's all just put
our prayers or spells or whatever you
want to call it and put our energy into
good because we will only get that back
for Kali said a hex is fundamentally
different from a binding spell which is
about trying to block someone from doing
something and limits others agency a hex
is a more direct attack that treats its
targets as an equal in a supernatural
fistfight well some modern-day witches
are opposed to the idea of placing hexes
or curses on others because of the
potential harm it could cause brick
alley said witches who claim witchcraft
is all about good vibes and good
thoughts don't have an existence that
calls for this type of thing many of us
do
she said witchcraft was always practiced
by people who are cast out harm by
society and had to make their own way so
this hex is taking place on October 20th
in New York City and I really really
wish I was still back in New York so I
could bring this stuff to you guys but
if in New York please take some footage
of it and send it to me okay I want to
show the world exactly what those hex is
about if you want to see more from me
and the rest of the rebel team like and
subscribe
you
