and it's important to preface all these
conversations with reminding people the
truth about Saudi Arabia and what goes
on there and that and the whole basis of
them having the vast majority of the
9/11 hijackers be part of their
nationality and also some of them being
connected to individuals in the
government they're exporting of Wahhabi
extremism such that when you hear about
them calling back their their their
medical residents students some of them
you go okay maybe they were just regular
folk others perhaps they were these
extremist ilk it really changes a lot of
it and I think the coverage out there
particularly for for young people who
are perhaps not familiar with the
history of Saudi Arabia we need to know
that that needs to be the part of the
conversation and and the way I'm putting
it I have another column coming out
shortly on this that these concerns
about Justin Trudeau and how he has
should I put it mildly perhaps a rather
skewed perspective of global affairs and
perhaps a not very good way of dealing
with international relations and a very
inconsistent one as our I think this
time around that is a sidebar issue I
think the front and center issue and
it's gotten worse since I wrote that
column you allude to is that what Saudi
Arabia is clearly trying to do is make
us submit to them they are trying to
bring us down to heel and there's
absolutely no way that we should
tolerate that yeah that's a good point
and I felt that I mean I really admire
Manny and I look up to him so much and I
felt yesterday both of us were trying to
square this circle because we both know
that Saudi Arabia would be high I mean I
don't even think I'd be allowed in there
I'm Jewish and there's their you know
they're very restrictive of non Muslims
there are entire cities like Mecca where
infidels are simply not permitted to to
travel I I think that's by any moral
measure they are a failed state propped
up only by oil money and as you say it's
they want Justin Trudeau to bend the
knee I think the reason they sure what
do you think of this this is a theory
that I've seen bandied about a lot I one
of the theories of why Saudi Arabia's
gone so mental over a tweet is because
they sense Trudeau is weak and they can
get
to roll over in a way that made me
Theresa May and certainly Donald Trump
and maybe Angela Merkel would not as him
they see he's wobbly they see he's all
thumbs they see Chrystia Freeland is
sort of shallow and and goofy they saw
the fiasco in India they saw the fiasco
in Australia they they see all these
things and they say you know what if
we're gonna pick a fight let's pick a
fight with Trudeau because we know he'll
roll over and that will maybe set a
precedent for these tougher countries
that's a theory I've heard what do you
make of it yeah I see a little bit of
that there I also think they picked a
fight with us because they don't
particularly care about our relationship
I mean they don't get that much out of
it they export some oil to it to us but
80,000 barrel barrels a day it sounds
like a lot but we actually export over
three million barrels of oil a day to
the US your great book ethical talks
about how we can supplant all of that
get the Saudis out of the equation their
population is actually a number of
million less than as something 27
million people the landmass is smaller I
mean look how if they didn't have oil no
one would be able to find them on a map
like how there's a number of Central
African countries that you know high
school students have probably never
heard of before I think that would be
the same case with Saudi Arabia so it's
about the oil that we're indulging their
entire hissy fit but my problem with
this I think they have chosen to go
crazy over this this was not a visceral
honest reaction and it kind of reminds
me a lot of 1989 when they went after
Salman Rushdie for the Satanic Verses I
know Iran and the Ayatollah were kind of
the headline grabbers for it but Saudi
Arabia did it too they never read that
book it's like 700 pages long and as or
when I finally read it it's actually an
incredibly boring novelist it's not his
best work I would say and they didn't
read the book but they said you know
what we're gonna make an example out of
this guy we're all gonna go nuts about
this guy and our goal of this is to
change the entire barometer of offense
so nobody tries to do this anymore no
one criticizes Islam and I think what
they're doing here is they're trying to
go well look what we did to that Trudeau
guy so if any of you even try and talk
like this to us again we're gonna do the
same thing to you and I think the world
can even call their bluff on it because
they feel like they're calculating the
oil money and the student residence and
everything yeah we don't really care
if for some reason Trudeau calls our
bluff who cares if we lose all of that
but they weren't gonna try it on another
country because that relationship matter
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
