I want to talk about the attack on our
history our national symbols on the
things that unite us as Canadians I've
never seen it so bad as in this story
city of Victoria to remove Johnny
McDonald statue from front steps of City
Hall
Johnny McDonald as in the founding
father of Confederation our first prime
minister the one who forged the country
and then who built a railroad to make
sure it stayed forged you might
recognize him he's on our $10 bill
actually that's not the case anymore did
you know that Johnny McDonald has been
on our $10 bill for nearly 50 years
before that it was the Queen and before
her the king but Justin Trudeau has
removed him from the $10 bill did you
know that last year Trudeau's government
issued a $10 bank note where McDonald
was on there but with three other people
they were prepping you to get rid of him
and now that has happened this year they
just removed him altogether they put on
this lady instead do you know who she is
set a picture of young Queen Elizabeth
or something no it's not it's someone
named viola Desmond who she she was a
businesswoman in Halifax she was of
mixed-race descent her mom was white and
her dad was black she went to a theater
that didn't allow blacks to sit near the
front and she needed to to see the
screen better so she bought a ticket
there and she was prosecuted for that
and became a human rights case so it
sounds like a good woman sounds like she
fought against racism that's great but
it is not proportionate to have someone
like that on our national currency King
George the sixth was on our $10 bill
then Queen Elizabeth the second was on
our $10 bill than our founding prime
minister Johnny MacDonald was on our $10
bill and now a community activist who
fought a movie theater I'm sorry that's
nuts that's virtue signaling I get it
Trudeau is all about feminism and he'd
be all about black lives matter if he
could but luckily Canada doesn't have a
history of black slavery in fact we were
the destination for runaway slaves for
freed
from the US through what was called the
Underground Railroad this is so forced
I mean Viola Desmond fought a political
battle a legal battle and good for her
but she didn't build a nation
she didn't lead the British Empire
through a world war that symbols of our
country are being shrunk if she's on the
$10 bill I I like me all the Desmond
Sherman but she didn't build Canada but
look it's not about Viola Desmond nice
lady good woman it wasn't about her he
was about knocking down Johnny McDonald
and of course about knocking down the
Queen and in an important way about
shaming Canada and making us feel like
we have a racist past as opposed to the
truth which is that we have always been
a light unto the nations more so than
most countries Trudeau does this all the
time though he shames Canada he scolds
Canada he says were unworthy and immoral
and only he is the righteous one that's
what knocking out MacDonald and putting
in a small local human rights activist
as our new national symbol means back to
the city of Victoria I read the headline
already now look at this sub headline no
one's erasing anything but we have to
understand the complexity of history
says mayor Lisa helps she's against the
statue - no one's erasing anything you
are tearing down a statue you know who
tears down statues the Taliban tears
down statues they dynamite them Isis
tears down statues because they're
extremists they are against any graven
images that they don't like and just
like Justin Trudeau is slowly erasing
our history our culture our story so is
the mayor of Victoria listen to this
insanity let me quote the city Victoria
is planning to remove the statue of
Johnny MacDonald Canada's first prime
minister from the front steps of City
Hall because of what it says is his role
as a leader of violence against
indigenous peoples no he was the founder
of our great country but I see what
they're doing there besides blaming and
shaming MacDonald they are attempting to
blame and shame anyone who loves
MacDonald or who loves our history it's
not just MacDonald their call
racist it's anyone who doesn't agree
with them about McDonald but they're
doing one more thing it's a placebo you
know to placebo is it's a fake pill the
doctors give patients sometimes to
pretend to the patient that they're
prescribing a real medicine to the
patient when the problem is really just
in the patient's mind the idea being if
the patient believes he's now ingesting
medicine he'll feel better by himself no
Neal need for real medicine it's a trick
well this is a placebo for doing
something real about Aboriginal issues
oh there are Aboriginal issues in Canada
and there is anti Aboriginal racism in
Canada absolutely there is
and I'm not scolding you I'm talking to
you about a law we have on the books
called the Indian Act that gives rights
and takes rights away from Aboriginal
people based on race that treats them
different from other citizens based on
race mainly it treats Aboriginal people
like their children as people not able
to handle the responsibilities of modern
life that's why Indians on a reserve
aren't allowed to have property rights
to their own homes the band owns
everything communally the theory being
Indians can't take you they could carry
their own property or they'd be I don't
know swindled out of it by some
unscrupulous buyers so better not let
them have the right to sell any property
ever did you know the Indian Act even
bans Indians from making a last will and
testament on their own without the the
band's approval did you know that
seriously look at section 45 3 of the
Indian Act an Indian needs to have a
white man's government in Ottawa a proof
of his will you're not allowed to own
your own house you're not allowed to get
a regular mortgage you're not allowed to
make your own will if you're an Indian
so yeah
racism you bet not 150 years ago right
now which is easier which is we easier
ask you for liberal white virtue
signaling politicians to do to fix the
real racism today in the Indian Act I
don't know to get to get jobs for actual
Indians today who suffer from high
unemployment today is that easier fix
seeing the enact fixed economic problems
or to tear down a statue as if the evil
statue is the problem we have like it's
some sort of curse an idol or something
that needs to be smashed it's a placebo
I tell you I have never met a real
Indian in my life who has ever not once
ever brought up John a McDonald as an
issue real Indians and I know talk about
real thing
like jobs and taxes and oil and gas and
money and pipelines those are huge
Aboriginal employers in Canada that's
what real issues are but these leftists
in Victoria most of them white all of
them virtue signaling would rather talk
about anything else wouldn't they now it
is true though that John a McDonald was
a racist of course it was true by our
2018 standards of progressive feelings
but then again those standards changed
so quickly Hillary Clinton and Barack
Obama are a bunch of I don't know
homophobes two by that standard remember
this I believe that marriage is not just
a bond but a sacred bond between a man
and a woman
what was that maybe 10 years ago here's
Barack Obama I have been very clear on
this the I have said that I am NOT a
supporter of gay marriage I believe that
marriage is between a man and a woman
so Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton a
bunch of racist sexist Islamophobic
homophobes or something should be should
we tear down their statues - not that
there are a lot of statues - Clinton and
Obama but you get my point
how about the big icon of the Canadian
Left Tommy Douglas here he is if ever we
needed in this country to adopt a new
attitude to homosexuality this is the
time instead of treating it as a crime
and driving it underground we ought to
recognize it for what it is it's a it's
a mental illness
he's so enlightened he doesn't want to
throw gays in prison he just thinks
they're mentally ill and they need to
see a psychiatrist Oh is he a bigot now
- should we tear down the hundred Tommy
Douglas statues and rename the hundred
Tommy Douglas schools and parks in
Canada - because that's the thing Tommy
Douglas actually was progressive at that
time that was open-minded at that time
was Canada racist 150 years ago yeah
well we are today - unless you work hard
to ignore it we have racial quotas
Justin Trudeau himself says gender
quotas for cabinet he pretty clearly has
mice against white males other than
himself the enlightened one the Indian
Act though that's a racist document but
seriously were we bigoted in Canada
back in the 1860s was Shani MacDonald
bigoted well we were the world's refuge
for runaway slaves we were part of the
British Empire whose Navy eradicated the
slave trade they were slavery on every
single continent in the world by the way
in North America in Canada the Haida
Indians of BC they kept slaves they were
famous for it if you read the stories of
the conquistadors they encountered
murderous slavers in Central America
Africa still has slavery Asia has
slavery every place in the world had
slavery every traditional religion in
the world has been or is hostile to
homosexuality every culture other than
the mythical Amazon's I suppose has been
sexist in a way or at least believed in
gender roles to pretend that we were
evil then it's a laugh it's like a
placebo to distract from our real
challenges now but it's really just a
way to attack Canada and to pull us down
isn't it it's the same as Trudeau
changing our national anthem it's the
same as liberals opposing the Lord's
Prayer it's the same it's them hating
Canada but not themselves oh they don't
hate themselves they just hate you
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show no one leaves
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews a day and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
