winnie-the-pooh is banned in China I
read today that the new Winnie the Pooh
movie which sees the cartoon bear come
to life in a real non cartoon movie
won't be aired in China the country's
film authorities have banned the movie
with sources suggesting it's a results
of the Chinese government
censoring Winnie the Pooh over claims
that he looks like the president Winnie
the Pooh has become a symbol of
resistance for critics of China's
government resulting in the government
cracking down on the use of his image
authorities started blocking pictures of
the bear on social media last year we
experienced after ship here in the West
it's done by the corporations and big
tech but government censorship to this
extent is something pretty unheard of in
the US but that's what the far-left want
the left praised the censorship of
conservatives and the right through
social media
most recently the censorship of info
wars and they vote for Democratic
candidates who promised you continued
censorship via the state but what does
censorship and state control really mean
well during Mao's Great Leap Forward
farms were taken under state ownership
resulting in famine insufficient
transportation of crops and poor care
for the soil killed 30 million Chinese
people and if you didn't starve to death
you were destined for a life of extreme
censorship the Chinese government today
censor all media from all forms of news
media to instant messaging video games
TV and movies and even the Internet I
saw this myself when I studied abroad in
China ten years ago the young students
there didn't even know their own history
or culture prior to communism they
didn't know things about Confucius or
any sort of things like that about their
own culture they totally rewrote history
they taught them only certain things in
the schools they had book burnings and
really controlled exactly what they were
taught about China and it was only pro
communism China that they knew about the
internet was censored you couldn't go on
certain sites it was illegal to go on
sir
sites they have control over movies and
videogames they really didn't like you
doing any of these things if it didn't
help the state and it made the state
look the wrong way and this is what I
experienced when I was out there they
had bins in the airports where you have
to throw away your film if it made China
look bad the news that China's
government won't allow a movie about a
wise and caring bear because they think
it might cause jokes about the president
reminds me so much of the left in
America it's easy to brush off the far
left and say they simply don't
understand communism but maybe they do
maybe they just don't care about an
effective economy and high standard of
living maybe they would be willing to
give up their iPhones in favor of a
highly censored media that doesn't let
the mean old conservatives have their
say at least maybe they'd be willing for
a little while surely even a lifetime's
worth of movie and Culture censorship
wouldn't be worth them giving up
snapchat on Instagram but I guess when
they've got no food on the table they
don't really have anything to post about
in the first place if you want to see
more from me and the rest of the rebel
team like and subscribe
you
