it's October 19th Simon's from Avance
and you're watching battleground
well hello everybody my name is Ezra
Levant I am the rebel commander here at
the rebel dawn media and every Friday at
12 noon Eastern I like to sit down and
do what's called a YouTube live chat
super chat it's actually the phrase they
call it it's a live chat but it becomes
super when you make your comment on the
right hand side of the screen there in a
bright highlighted color and you do that
by chipping in a few pounds a few quid a
few pesos whatever currency if you put
in a few bucks it appends it to the top
of the text box there out of the corner
of my eye I see those colors and I make
sure to read all of those I have a good
part about it is that we actually get
70% of the dough so that helps pay our
bills here which is rare to make money
from YouTube if you're a conservative
commentator as you probably know YouTube
D monetized conservative commentary in
February March of 2017 it was their way
of punishing that part of the internet
that helped make Donald Trump president
today we've got 59 minutes and I'm going
to take questions as I like to do on
Fridays I I do have some videos I like
to talk about first and show you and I
want to tell you some news it's just a
few hours old out of old Blighty in the
United Kingdom in the Huddersfield rape
gang results are in here's the headline
how does feel grooming 20 guilty of
campaign of rape and abuse and you see
the faces is there anything they have in
common so anything in common I don't
know come look with you from all walks
of life don't they I just hear let's
let's look at the let's look at the BBC
story to that effect when you scroll
down a little bit here and all I'll read
it
20 men have been found guilty of being
part of a grooming gang that raped and
abused girls as young as 11 in
Huddersfield the men were convicted more
than one
hundred-and-twenty offenses against 15
girls now this is what's so important
this next line this is what people in
North America don't understand these
weren't like smash-and-grab rapes in the
back alley these weren't crimes of
opportunity this is the key part here
victims were plied with drink and drugs
and then used and abused at will in a
seven-year campaign of rape and abuse
between 2004 2011 and Leeds Crown Court
the ringleader a mere Singh dollar while
35 was jailed for life or the minimum of
18 years other members of the gang were
jailed for between five and 18 years
details of the men's convictions and
sentences can only now be published
after reporting restrictions on a series
of trials were partially lifted during
the three trials the jurors heard how
the men who were all British Asians
that's what they call that's what they
call Muslims or Pakistani man although
there was one Sikh man involved and
we're known by nicknames such as Dracula
beastie and bully preyed on young
vulnerable girls one of whom was
described as having the mental age of a
seven year old jailing sixteen and the
man earlier this year Judge Jeffrey
Marcin QC said the way you treated these
girls defies understanding the abuse was
vile and wicked scroll down a bit
there's something that one girl said of
how she got into it a little bit further
down oh this is what I'm talking about
this looking about in in May the former
leader of the English Defence League
Tommy Robinson was arrested for
reporting on the case live on Facebook
during the second of the trial scroll
down a little bit further I want to read
from under the photo there such where
the man's hold over the girls one woman
said her child cracked her head jumping
from a first-floor balcony at their home
in order to get out after they ordered
her to meet them the girl later told
police every time I went up something
bad happened I risked my life every time
I was a mess another victim who only
escaped the abuse when her family had to
move following a house fire said it was
the best thing I ever did and that's bad
saying that burning your house down is
the best thing you ever did
that these girls understand these are
not women these are not women of the age
of majority these are girls physically
as young as 11 and you heard in one case
a a one girl was vulnerable obviously
mentally challenged see the mental age
of seven these men would befriend them
sometimes it was an offer of alcohol but
when you're dealing with an 11 year old
girl it can be candy would you like
candy would you like to sit in my fancy
car would you like a sandwich anything
would you like a boyfriend that's what
these men would say and then they would
say to the girl will in return for the
candy I gave you in return for this
cigarette I gave you in return for the
ride of my car will you send me a
topless picture oh now I have the
topless picture now you have to do more
for me or I will show your parents I
have the topless picture or you've had
some alcohol now I've put you in a
compromising position now you have to
have sex with me or I'll tell your
parents what you did oh now you've had
sex with me now you have to sex with my
friends or I'll tell your parents what
you did oh you've already told your
parents what you did well good luck as
the police won't act oh and if you do
try something I'll burn your house down
because I know where you live now what
I've just told you everything I've just
told you is not a hypothetical or a
speculation there are thousands of
examples in fact there's a book in the
United Kingdom called easy meet the
attempts to do the actual calculations
and says with some rationale with some
mathematical basis that hundreds of
thousands of British girls have been
raped this way almost exclusively white
indigenous working-class British girls
and the rapist put the picture up of the
rapist again almost exclusively Muslim
Pakistani man in this case I believe
they were but the BBC picture backup
please in this case there were there
were I think two women charged and one
Sikh man charged but the rest of them
are Muslim in fact scroll down to the
very end of this story they list the
names
me read for you the names I told you
about Amir Singh Dahle wall he was the
ringleader Irfan Ahmed Shaheed has San
Muhammed hammer Muhammed Aslam Abdul
Rehman Raj Singh Moran the other Sikh
name and Muhammed Mansur Akhtar Wikus
Mahmud NASA rat has seen Sajid Zayn
Mohammad ear Fez Faisal Nadeem Mohammad
azim man xuer hassan mohammed Akram he
said I'm at a Seif Bashir Mohammad well
there's a 5 or 6 Muhammad's there no
wonder they have to give them nicknames
like Dracula and Beastie and bully you
couldn't just say Muhammed say well
which Mohammed and the reason I tell you
about this is because it was this very
case the trial of which Tommy was
standing outside the court after the
trial was over on the day of the of the
verdict tommy was outside the court and
he was live-streaming and there were no
other reporters Sam the trial was over
tommy was careful not to step on the
precincts of the court he was careful
not to say the men were guilty he just
called him accused her alleged rapist
and he was arrested as you know taken
away charged with contempt convicted and
sentenced in the course of hours and
sentenced to prison for 13 months which
is not much less than what some of these
men were getting I see a 5 year sentence
for some of these rapists imagine just
getting a five year sentence for rape
and you know they'll be out in a year
and a half so Tommy had a sentence of 13
months if my memory serves for contempt
of court for talking about these rapists
and some of these rapist will be out in
13 months 15 months 16 months it is a
fact that in the United Kingdom with
jury trials that the jurors are told
don't consume outside newspaper don't do
your own research just listen to the
facts in court and that makes sense
because you don't want a juror to be
persuaded by information that is not
tested in court that is not proved true
now we have similar trials jury trials
in
all across the West in Canada in the
United States in Canada jurors are
ordered not to read newspapers not to
consume social media on these things but
the general public is not told you may
also not know the United Kingdom has
this bizarre prohibition on publishing
the facts of the trial to the whole
world until the trial is over and the
result there therefore is that a
horrific case where 20 men gang rape
dozens of girls hundreds thousands of
times for seven years it gets a one-day
story on their sentencing and conviction
and that's it one day and that's what
Tommy has pointed out that these trials
were they open to reporting as most free
countries allow courts to be open every
day every new fact every gruesome detail
every evidence of evil the judge he
referred to the pure evil he saw every
day the country would know about it and
the world would know and young girls
would be warned and families would be
warned and would be rapists would be
warned and everyone would be warned but
the government I believe there's a
collusion here between the police the
press the prosecutors the professor's
the politicians the 5p professionals as
Daniel Pipes calls them that sure there
was a conviction and sure some form of
justice is being done but the world was
kept secret about this there were three
connected trials because there were so
many of these men involved I think this
was the third and last of the three all
of them convicted all of them guilty of
course and Tommy was thrown in prison
because he dared to report but he didn't
report anything that was said in court
Tommy wouldn't even know what was said
in court he did himself did not go into
court do you see my point in free
countries like Canada in the United
States courts are open to the public in
some extreme cases there are some
publication mens over certain details
for example if there are minor children
involved the names and the identities of
those children is kept confidential and
obviously that should be the case here
and obviously it still is the case you
but why were the details of the
allegations against these rapists kept
secret until today so you'll have one
day where the story pops in the press
and then it'll be done why it's obvious
why show the pictures of the offenders
again that's why because you're racist
if you talk about this phenomenon it's
an overwhelmingly Pakistani Muslim
phenomenon the Predators and the victims
are overwhelmingly indigenous white
working-class British girls look at
those brutes and some of them got as
little as 5 years in prison so I
mentioned that to you because it's
heartbreaking to hear this don't think
this doesn't happen in every single city
in town in the United Kingdom and don't
think it's not coming to Canada as well
most of it's never reported and much of
what's reported the police I was reading
the investigation the public inquiry
into the gang rapes in Rotherham perhaps
the most wicked case ever described over
the course of what 10 years 1400
different girls you heard me right 1,400
different girls raped repeatedly
repeatedly an industrial scale a whole
system I've said it before in the West
in our high trust society if a man hears
help I'm being raped what does the man
do he calls 911 or he rushes in to help
himself sunk I witness in Pakistan I was
reading a horrific case I think I was
reading in the Daily Mail of a young boy
who was being raped at the back of a bus
a bus a public bus in Pakistan and the
bus driver saw this and he pulled over
and he joined in can you call up some
b-roll of Taha Rousch do you know what
I'm talking about Justin and Alex
I see a super chat from Primus 81 for $2
thank you for that tarish is a
phenomenon so common in the Arab world
that it has its own name tarush what is
that
I'll show you in a second when we get
the video up let me know if you want me
to google it
a woman is surrounded by men in in
public and it's like a pack of wolves
getting a weak zebra the pack of lions
getting a weak zebra and they surround
her and they all Maul her they hit her
or they rape her or they just grab part
of her body sometimes it's not even a
full rape but they're dragged down this
is one example there's another horrific
example of a woman being dragged into
the subway there's other examples there
and my point is in a high trust Western
society when a woman says help I'm being
raped the men rushed to save her other
men and the rapist typically runs away
but in many Muslim societies I think
that might have been a Cairo it means a
lot of these are in Cairo other men here
here rape and they rush to join in they
say Oh a weak animal has been separated
from the herd she's foolish she's not
wearing a hijab there's no male guardian
to protect her she must be a prostitute
I want to I want to try I'd love another
image of that there's one that we've
used before a woman being dragged into
the yeah this is the one
I think yeah down into the subway down
into the subway where they're all gonna
have a go at her I know that's shocking
none of those men are helping her do you
understand what I'm saying to you that
rape in the Muslim world rape in the
Arab world is not something that every
man drops what they're doing to rush to
the aid of the woman it is something
that many men drop what they're doing to
rush to get a turn and that is what we
call rape culture and when you bring
that rape culture to the West
you bring that rape culture to the West
and you would never have that sort of an
in the public taharoa style gang rape in
the West not even in Tower Hamlets not
even in 50 60 percent Muslim
neighborhoods in the UK because someone
would call the cops
Jeff Karen says keep shining a light on
this evil laser I will Jeff thank you
someone would call the cops or the cops
would see and they would stop it so it
happens in private residences it happens
in chicken shops it happens in
storefronts and remember in the case of
Britain they're not going after grown
women they're going after vulnerable
girls maybe girls who don't have a dad
at home maybe girls who they got drunk
or they got hooked on drugs from these
same men and then they're addicted and
then they're compromised and so much of
it is on exploitation you have a sexual
image or a naked picture and then the
girls own conscience is used against her
if you want to save your honor and the
honor of your family you will do this
this this this for me and my 20 rapists
friends or I'll or I'll come for your
parents I'll embarrass your parents I'll
post this on the internet whatever in
the city of Rather and 1,400 girls over
the course of a decade if you read that
public inquiry you'll see that one mom
literally went into the
one of these rape rooms and dragged her
daughter out and dragged her to the
police station and told the police what
was happening right then in real time
and the police said to the mum you get
out of here and you shut up
lest we charge you with child neglect
your child is obviously drunk you've
obviously neglected her you get out of
here and you shut your racist mouth or
we'll charge you with child neglect
that's a fact I'm not making that story
if you read it you Google rather than
inquiry it's a huge document read it and
read time and again social services
doctors nurses social workers again and
again you don't think this is detected
quite soon it is and time and again the
establishment the five P professionals
say oh well didn't want anyone to call
me racist so they would rather have
rapists than to be called racists and
fourteen hundred girls were abused
really turned into sex slaves and that's
the justification for it many of these
men when they're in when they're a
costume when they're arrested when
they're charged even sometimes in trial
they give an Islamic justification for
because as you likely know the Quran and
Muhammad particularly permits rape
slavery it's what we saw in Isis when I
mean there's always rape in war there's
always crime in war war in itself is not
a crime but there are crimes committed
in war there's an anarchy and a
lawlessness and so men are Unleashed and
do things but in Isis in the ISIS
Islamic state itself rape was not a
crime it was lawful under the Islamic
state it was actually a tool whereby the
Islamic state generals
would say to their recruits from around
the world if you go kill me occurred if
you kill an Iraqi if you kill a Syrian
if you kill uzd as reward you will get a
rape slave
so you're some loser in Manchester and
Birmingham and Liverpool in Tower
Hamlets you're some loser
maybe you pack a knife or even a gun
maybe you do some dry sell some drugs
maybe a you know try and get in on this
rape gang act you're a loser in the UK
you're a loser in France you're loser in
Canada but you make your way to the
Islamic state all of a sudden you're
part of a holy war you have the
affirmation of an imam saying what
you're doing is not just okay it's in
the service of Mohammed and Allah and
you like carrying a knife well here's a
rocket-propelled grenade you like
beating up infidels well now you can
kill them you like drugs now you got
them you like girls or you want to or
you're a loser and you've never had a
date well we'll give you a rapes label
you can do what you want
the ultraviolence the drugs the rape
were not an incidental part of Isis they
were not only designed to terrify the
enemies of Islam but they were designed
to recruit the perpetrators of terrorism
if you read the Koran itself it is a
terrifying document which is part of its
purpose and the Islamic state was doing
nothing that Muhammad himself did not do
in his time including their
characteristic decapitations
I see use 12 21 555 Oakes are watching
thank you for tuning in I still for 12
21 excuse me I'm coming to London by the
way for Tommy Robinson's trial on
Tuesday we have it confirmed that the
matter will proceed in full when I was
there on October 3rd I think it was the
hearing was 19 minutes long it's pretty
quick 19 minutes I mean I just got
seated but it was still worth going it
was amazing to see
I estimated 1,500 people outside
cheering for Tommy I think I counted 16
ante for protesters if my math was right
it was hard to see because they were so
outnumbered by journalists and police it
was very exciting to see all that
support for Tommy it was a crushing
crowd outside the Old Bailey I don't
know what it'll be like this time I'm
sure it'll be just as big and I don't
know what kind of organization if any
has gone into bringing people out I will
be inside the court and I'm happy to say
when you put up real reporters we've
we've set up a website called real
reporters dot uk'
let me read it to help crowd fund real
reporters for Tommy Robinson's trial let
me just show you the faces there on the
left there do you recognize that gal her
name is Cassandra Fairbanks
she's with the Gateway pundit out of
Washington DC and then the next fella
there with a goatee his name is avi
Yamini
he's with the Australian news network he
is a youtuber and he's a pro Tommy guy
like me he's from Melbourne Australia
I've been Matt gal there in the middle
her name is Candice Malcolm she writes
for the Toronto Sun she is the founder
of the True North initiative she's from
Canada and California and then that
fella in the middle on the right there
his name is Andrew Lawton and he
formerly the host of the daily talk show
in London Ontario Sun columnist other
things I can't remember all the things
he's done he also is with the True North
initiative and then of course there's
our man Tommy on the right so what's my
point what's the miss my point there
well when I was in court last time I
felt outnumbered look at you taking that
down I felt outnumbered because it was
me and I counted eight mainstream media
journalists there but they were really
journalists there weren't really
reporters they all loath Tommy Robinson
like look I understand I understand you
don't like Tommy that's fine but to hate
him with a Venn
data and not recuse yourself from a
story like can you is it really
ethical to report on a story especially
a story as important as Tommy's and a
case is important this is where you know
his life is in the balance he might be
sent to prison my died in prison to try
and kill him in prison
is it really ethical to be a total Tommy
hater like I'm talking obsessive hater
of Tommy and to pause it yourself as a
neutral reporter those were not real
reporters those were people with a
long-standing vendetta and even if they
themselves the reporters themselves
weren't malicious towards Tommy well
their editors were I mean you surely saw
the sky news interview with Tommy that
they literally cut and pasted they
edited unethically to change what he
said into lie in the headline tommy was
talking about a video shown to young
girls in Holland warning them about
these rape gangs and Tom and the
interviewer said well are you not
worried that that causes fear in these
girls and Tommy says he didn't mind if
it caused fear in the girls that's the
whole point in the video is to scare
them straight well they cut that cut out
the whole part about that Dutch scare
straight video and they just had the
clip of Tommy says I don't care if it
scares Muslims scares people builds fear
and then but then they changed the
wording the headline I call it the
headline it's on Sky News Tommy Robinson
you can find in a second I I don't care
if I make Muslims afraid or whatever it
is they lied they absolutely it was not
a mistake it was an absolute lie tommy
was talking about a scare the girls
straight video in Holland he said it I
don't care if it yeah but look at the
headline they put I don't care if I
incite fear of Muslims that is a damn in
the light ami did not say that he did
not say those words that is the opposite
of what he said he said I don't care if
it's it it's it's the movie the film
trying to scare
these girls away from the sex predators
you see my point about the liars so
there I am in court at the old bay the
gorgeous gorgeous building on the inside
beautiful building and there's ain't
reporters and they look fair enough and
and then I read their reports I think
were you in the same courtroom as I and
they were lying immediately we weren't
even out of the building and the lies
were on social media we were not even
out of the building and I see the lies
and so I thought well what can we do
about this I'm outnumbered eight to one
and look if you know people accurately
say I'm an advocate for Tommy but look I
eight to one you know it's so I thought
well how can we even the odds so put up
real reporters again just for sex so I
contacted a number of reporters who I
know was some of my know pretty well
someone don't really know very well but
I said hey Cassandra hey Ivy hey Candace
hey Andrew
I got a deal for you come to London
we'll pay an economy class airfare a
three-star Hotel nothing fancier I will
get you a hundred pounds spending money
and we'll cover your cab fare
and that's it no fee no payment to you
we're just covering the travel costs
we're removing that barrier cuz these
folks are coming from Washington DC
Melbourne Australia London Ontario and
I'm not sure if Canada's coming from the
states or from Canada don't oh and
myself I'm coming from Toronto so I
crowd fund my trip said but I thought
well let's get these real reporters to
so the total call when we're bringing
three cameramen to an image then so
there's gonna be I think nine of us
eight or nine of us I hope it's nine so
we can outnumber the bad guys what do
you think I think the total budget
seventeen thousand bucks I haven't
checked I haven't added up and frankly I
haven't got all the receipts because
these folks are gonna be in the UK and I
said we cover 100 pounds
incidental sandwiches and stuff whatever
and I'm sure I'll buy him a drink or
whatever but Oh it's important I didn't
mention this I will have no editorial
oversight over what they do their only
requirement is you got to attend the
trial you got to do some journalism
about it but I don't care what they say
because I trust them I don't even care
if they like Tommy I just want an
accurate report you see what I'm saying
because the eight journalists who were
there on behalf of the media party in
the UK they may be outstanding technical
journalists but I don't trust a word
they say cuz I've seen with my own eyes
the chasm between what actually happens
and what they report happens but I know
about these journalists that we have to
bring in from Australia and North
America
it's the colonies coming back to the
Empire ain't it to give a bit of a hand
you see my point is Kasai me I don't
know Cassandra well I don't know avi at
all really I interviewed him for the
first time last week first time I ever
talked to him I don't know these people
I know Andrew sort of I know Candice
she's been on the show before but I
can't say I'm close friends with any of
these people and I haven't even asked
them that's important let you know I
haven't even asked them their opinion on
the Tommie trial I just know that they
are straight shooting reporters and that
whatever they say even if the critical
Tommy Robbins it's gonna be more
accurate than this pack of malicious
vendetta vengeance journalists in London
that is a fact
it's also a pitiful fact that we've
literally got to import real reporters
to London to get the job done you must
surely who if there's any Brits watching
this you must admit that's bloody
pitiful that to get a real report out of
London we got to bring in people from
the Empire that's from calling Australia
Canada and even that rogue colony the
rogue 13 colonies the Americans would
you not agree with me how painful that
is all right it is 12:30 half the show
is done we've talked about Tommy
Robinson we've talked about real reports
if you want to help cover the cost of
those 17,000 bucks worth of flights I'd
be grateful I honestly don't know what
the full budget
to be and I don't I mean if some guy
says Ezra it cost me 100 bucks in cab
fare and blah blah blah I'm not gonna
say no right because these guys are
coming a long way
Abbi emini is flying 25 hours each way I
think it's something like that that is a
long journey I mean the court itself
will probably only be five hours so
there's a guy like I think like I
complain about my seven-hour flight from
Toronto Abby's doing 24 hours each way
so that fella says as there here's an
extra 50 bucks I want you to pay for my
my meals in the airport layover is I'm
not gonna say no to him right I'm not
paying him a fee I'm just covering his
travel expenses they're all traveling
coach economy they're all staying
nothing fancier than three-star Hotel
because I know a lot of our donors are
working-class folks and five pounds or
50 bucks is a lot of dough but do you
think this is a good idea I mean I ran
it by Tommy before I did it because I
said what else can we do the court
itself is in the hands of the judge
obviously the arguments are in the hands
of the lawyers obviously we've
crowdfunded that that's done I know what
I'm gonna do you've seen me I've been
there a few times now I'm gonna do what
I always do let's get some
reinforcements all right I see another
super chat TJ chips in twenty five thank
you hi thanks for adding the one point
two five one point five and double
playback speeds for the paywall shows
okay I didn't even know we did that I've
been lobbying you guys for years on that
thanks for your work with Tony and
thanks for all the rebel access to info
investigations what hey isn't that
friendly you to say thank you very much
you know we have went to see that's
their day Sheila does a great job on
those all our team does but Sheila did a
good one the other day on can he call
about Syria tweet up Catherine McKenna
is Canada's Environment Minister she's a
bit of an extremist bit of a kook and
she she hates Donald Trump Oh like all
of Justin Trudeau's cabinet she hates
Donald Trump so she cooked up this tweet
a year ago or so
praising Syria and Bashar Assad for
joining the Paris global warming scheme
blabbity blah whatever and so the
Government of Canada put out a tweet
praising Bashar Assad for signing on to
some global areas Canada salutes
Nicaraguan Syria for joining on to the
Paris agreement hi guys
global climate actions conference of the
parties 23 woo Nicaragua Syria and by
the way both places are anti-american
odious anti-american place did you see
that imagine how crazy you've got to be
to say I hate Donald Trump so much I'm
gonna rub in his face the fact that
Syria by the way do you think that Syria
in the background they were still in the
thick of the Civil War do you think
serious actually I'm excuse me
where's your carbon sequestration do you
think do you think Syria is paying any
attention to the theory of manmade
global warming or do you think maybe
they just they just want to survive this
civil war
I mean imagine how stupid the point is
that tweet was deleted and Catherine
McKenna lied saying it was some civil
servant to die I didn't approve that
well we found out through access to
information hundreds of pages of access
to information requests by the way which
shows how obsessed they are they have
people tracking every comments on every
tweet they have 24 people working on her
tweets that's not an exaggeration we
found out through access to information
that not only was Catherine McKenna
lying her office approved the tweets and
was aware of it and actually they didn't
even think anything was wrong they were
more worried about some friends
translation between so yeah thank you
for your praise for our access to
information sir cumference says UK
appreciates all you're doing we are on
our knees but not beaten well alright um
you know I appreciate that and burrowing
bunny chipped in 10 pounds thank you so
much for that free sheet that I got tj's
have I got them all or am I missing one
oh I think I think my friends in the
brunette
and office sent me one by email let me
make sure I get that super chat there we
go
Kendra Oppenheim can shear change
anything in Canada
well not as leader the opposition Justin
Trudeau has an absolute majority in the
House of Commons and in the Senate the
upper house so he can do what he wants
the media which often acts as a de facto
check on the power of government even
though it's unofficial
is still in thrall with Trudeau or at
least not critical of him and I must
tell you that according to most polls I
see Andrew here will not be the next
prime minister so I don't know if he can
or do anything but and then the second
question is if he did through fortune
and chance and efforts become prime
minister would he well it depends what
you want him to do I find that he and
his party are quite timid on the issue
of immigration and Islam reminds me a
little bit of those bureaucrats in
Rotherham they would rather turn a blind
eye to problems than risk being called
racists especially by our state
broadcaster here
okay so 36 so one more super chatroom
yet zooks Thank You Ezra for your
unwavering support of and coverage of
our British lion tummy the world is
waking watching and mobilizing well
that's kind of the second obvious reason
I mean so obvious maybe I don't even
need to mention it you bring in four or
five journalists from around the world
not only are you a counterweight to the
lies of the UK media party but you're
spreading the story of Tommy to
Australia to Canada the United States to
new audiences and maybe you are waking
them up not only to the threat in the UK
but to early warning signs in their own
countries I'm especially hopeful of
Cassandra Fairbanks who is right in the
heart of Washington DC and she has a
very interesting following and I look
forward to her reportage and I hope it
likes a little fire in
amongst her circle I mean you know the
weather Venza Venn diagram is right it's
circles that overlap and and the idea
here is obviously there's some overlap
between me and the journalists were
bringing obviously but there's not a lot
of overlap the whole idea is to expand
the circle so not just to emphasize but
to spread not just depth but with let me
you see one make sure I'm not behind in
my super chance
all right so 38 now I didn't want to
just talk about Tommy but I find that
you know because he's in the news the
Huddersfield conviction is in the news
Tommy's back in court on Tuesday that's
in the news that it's newsy and frankly
people have come to rely on the rebel
for facts on it because what you gonna
do you're gonna believe the state
broadcaster in the United Kingdom the
BBC do you really think they're
independent on this matter of trauma
Robinson do you really think if there
was a reporter or columnist or opinion
journalist at the BBC who had any
sympathies for Tommy Robinson do you
think he would even be allowed to
express them in that form do you think
even if he wanted to and do you think
even if technically he were allowed to
do you think he would even have the
courage to do so lest that end his
career advancement do you really think
that it is possible for anyone in the
United Kingdom to succeed in mainstream
journalists journalism by supporting Tom
Robinson
forget about supporting sorry take that
word out by just giving him a fair
coverage the answer is obviously no all
right enough Tommy talk is 12:39 I want
to show you a crazy video from Texas
just cuz I want to just switch it up
okay I want to lighten things up all
this isn't really like is this crazy I
just want to take a break we talked from
atomic for 40 minutes if you want more
about Tommy come back on Tuesday because
we're gonna have all Tommy all day we've
got so much Tommy going on because I'll
be there the Old Bailey do we have an ad
do everybody house has no all right well
let's let's break it up by show I want
to show you this video its axis the day
Texas goes Democrat is the day America
is lost so it's the day that the left is
working towards mainly through open
borders immigration but the idea of it's
an Irishman named Roberts let's forget
that what's Beethoven's last name what's
that candidate down there in in Texas I
just they just forgot beta or orc that's
what that's right
so I forgot it his real name's Robert
O'Rourke he's Irish but he calls himself
beta that's the that's the Spanish
nickname for it's like thing Bobby he's
Huayra sh it would be like me calling
myself
I don't know Bubba I'm bubble event no
you Jewish you name is Ezra beta or rook
no you're Robert over our gear is Irish
since they come in nothing wrong with it
ain't nothing wrong with it but the idea
that beta O'Rourke is going to win Texas
I guess the Democrats have to have
something to hope for something to dream
about but Ted Cruz is gonna crush Bobby
O'Rourke but take a look at this guy
who's a true believer take a look
I'm just gonna take them down you live
here if it's your property that is my
property it is your property yes
this is oh that's your property too
though huh that's my neighbor's property
she's a gun owner I would watch be
careful if you guys shoot me over that
that would be great that would be really
like you know home free response you
know I have shot a hundred of these I'm
about put more out was that from the
Exorcist or something that guy crazy
that guys look crazy
what was that was he was he that sounded
like that little gremlin character from
Lord of the Rings whatever that guy's
name was Smeagol yeah I would say this
guy's a little bit bold or crazy when
you're ripping up lawn signs on private
property in Texas where every second
home has not just a gun but probably a
little armory that's a little cray-cray
but I think that's where I think that's
where the Democrats are and I think that
in the United Kingdom the battle is now
in the institutions in America the
battle is still in the elections if the
Democrats win you will have a British
style censorship political correctness
socialism eradication of free speech if
the Democrats weren't imagine if Hillary
Clinton were president but if the trunk
wing of America wins you won't so you
have this battle on the streets
the mobs it's exciting it's terrifying I
think there's gonna be some
assassinations I hope they don't kill
Trump they tried to kill a Republican
named Steve Scalise they shot him an
injured them
I read reports of Democrats physically
attacking Republicans at least once a
week I just hope no one's killed but I
think it will have
I see a new super chat from flat dark
earth who says hi Ezra loving the newer
rebel contributions like Marketo and Mex
tea keep on reporting the truth how do
you take applications well thank you for
that look it's tough hiring because we
have no money so that's the biggest
thing and so we like someone who can
help pay their own way and we do that
through crowdfunding and things like
that
you know I mean budget is the number one
issue as you know we don't get a dime
from the government unlike MacLaine's
unlike CBC we don't get regulatory
payoffs like CTV and global Doom we just
don't we have no corporate sugar-daddy
we just rely on tons of individual
donations so if you're someone who can
spur that in our viewers then send us an
email it's at careers at the rebel dog
media but you got to have something that
connects with our viewers in a way that
make you want to support you because
that's how we pay the bills around here
it is a hundred percent viewer supported
which is a very tough way to earn a
living I sent an email to the whole
staff today and I counted and I think we
have 24 names and that's a lot of
payroll and that's also we rely on it so
could we have 25 names well sure but we
would want that person to be talented
and have a message that really resonates
with our people
so yeah careers at the rebel dawn media
it's so 45 I'm going to put aside I got
a couple more videos but I'm gonna put
them aside and I'm just going to dig
into the comments because we've got 15
minutes and so I'm just gonna read
comments obviously if you want me to
read yours just make it a super chat
chip in a few pounds a few dollars free
based soaps a few rupees we've seen that
a few rubles I think we even saw once
Mexican dollars we've seen that
so let's just go through I'm just going
to go through some of your chats and if
you want a super chat I'll get to it
right away
Melvin Tyndall I am soldier X thanks
Ezra I am soldier X can we call up I am
soldier X calm that's something Tommy's
been working on did we show that did we
show the tummy last week and yeah we
showed the video of Tommy the truck stop
gas station service stations are called
over there and and some photo is some
soldiers took some selfies with him and
the army called in these soldiers and
said yeah just keep strolling slowly few
these we have we got hundreds of them
they were gonna discipline these
soldiers merely for saying hi and
smiling for a photo with Tommy and one
of them was just a teenager 17 years old
they were gonna draw them out of the
army so we're calling him soldier X so
all these other soldiers are submitting
their photos saying I am soldier X so
what's this soldier X soldier X is a 17
year old British soldier that it's young
his name who dared to take a selfie with
Tommy at a gas station at the side of
the highway and they seize his cell
phone look at this social media set up
you like Tommy Robinson we're gonna
discharge you from the Army and all
these other soldiers are saying I am
soldier X I am sold your ex something
taking photos I'm blacking out their own
face so I'm gonna taking photos just
with you know summer vets who are no
longer in the service I am soldier X I
am soldier X hundreds hundreds hundreds
hundreds on our website
and if you are a soldier who has a photo
send it to soldier at the rebel media
and I'm not sure if I mentioned to you
but it wasn't just one guy soldier X as
there are at least four mm-hmm soldiers
who are being threatened with
prosecution or other discipline just for
non-public campaigning not for politics
just for saying they're like Tommy
so we've retained a lawyer named Daniel
Burke who we've worked with before he's
based in Manchester to mean to help
these guys help these soldiers and
that's what we're going to do as I
haven't been in daily touch with the
lawyer but if there's like a trial like
a military trial we'll we'll be there to
help Robert loads chips in five pounds
thanks very much mate you know what and
we have a petition we have a petition to
they're the last I checked was coming up
on two hundred thousand names keep it
the petition page up it's called stand
with our lads calm stand with our lands
calm stop the political witch-hunt
against British troops we got legal aid
for soldiers here scroll down a bit
Tommy Robinson recently stopped in the
service station where for coaches that's
what they call the bus over there full
of British soldiers we're taking a break
he said hello to the lads and someone
posed for selfies with Tommy Tommy
called it an honor to stand with British
troops and shake their hands even just
for a few moments but when the Muslim
Council of UK heard about this they
immediately demanded that the army
punish new soldiers and to their shame
the army did these lads had their
cellphone seized and inspected for
illegal photos with Tommy etc etc you
can see the rest for yourself at stand
with our lads calm
okay let's get back to let's get back to
the the chatting questions you know
every single Friday I'm asked about
faith Goldie and I don't want to evade
the question but I don't want to obsess
over the question I'm asked the same
question every Friday and I give the
same answer every Friday actually have a
new wrinkle the answer because NJ Grant
says bedrock and it's in all caps which
were which are the best comments as rock
why did you tell your staff not to
report on faith Goldie well I will
answer that question directly as you may
know we fired faith Goldie just over a
year ago enough for political
correctness and not for being too
right-wing but for doing saying things
where there were unacceptably races she
went on a podcast on a neo-nazi site
called the daily stormer that was named
after der stürmer which was Hitler's
propaganda rag and and she went on this
podcast not in a journalistic way to ask
questions not in a way to challenge them
or debate them but I salute you praise
you know God bless you
keep going love to come back on the show
for the full two hours it's like all
sorts of crazy and kept that a secret
from me hid that from me she went down
to Charlottesville for this unite the
right all right racist rally I told her
not to go even as a journalist I said
there's no way good can come from that
you'll be painted as a racist just by
being there by the mainstream media just
don't go she contrary to my
contrary to my directions she went now I
didn't fire her for that because I don't
think he was a firing offense I'm just
going to send these guys a tweet here
because I'm gonna read this tweet but
she hid the Nazi thing from me which I
think shows bad faith and
she shows that she knew she was doing
some she shouldn't she only brought it's
my intention when a national newspaper
reporter was about to Republican write
about it and her first words to me where
I die I know I have to resign I said no
no I have to fire you and we had a you
know friendly enough goodbye I was
shocked by this a month later I called
her up and I said look I don't have a
beef with you being against extreme
multiculturalism I have no beef with you
being against open borders immigration
their globalism or things that got a
that's my view as well but you have to
pull the Stinger out of going on a
neo-nazi show and praising you just got
to take care of that that's the problem
and she was adamant she would not in
fact over the course of the next year
she went deeper and deeper down that
racialist road and I thought geez what
is she doing and for a year she went
down that path and then about two months
ago she just said oh let's just pretend
that just didn't happen and I'm just
gonna scrub my Twitter feed and just
pretend the last year didn't happen you
can't do that you can't go on a one-year
racist bender and then say okay I'm done
and now I'm gonna run a normal
conservative campaign for me of Toronto
by the way a majority-minority City you
can't just do that and and you can't go
on the daily storm room and say I salute
you god bless you you can't do a whole
racialist bender say the 14 words of
white nationalism you can't do that and
then expect the world to forget about it
and immediately you know take selfies
with every visible minority spot on the
street - to try and muddle things you
have to have a record you have to
reconcile that if you made a mistake you
have to explain why it was a mistake and
what the mistake was and why maybe you
did it and why you no longer have that
view you just can't I mean even if in
your own mind you can psychologically
wall off that the rest of us can't do
you guys get the tweet I just sent you
can you put this tweet up on the screen
for a second so yesterday Jake Tapper
took a shot at faith Goldie
yes scroll back up here so Jake Tapper
of CNN
did a tweet about faith and it says re
Stephen King endorsing faith Goldie
hears rebel media explaining why they
fired her for doing an interview with
neo-nazi daily Strummer so that's him
linking Matt and I got a little bit of
act of faith responded this is very
interesting to me hey Jake we've all
written things we regret
here's you slut-shaming Monica Lewinsky
to further your career sad little man
and actually scroll down because Monica
Lewinsky Believe It or Not joins this
fray here it go keep going down there's
Monica Lewinsky that Monica Big Mac
ditzy bimbo that woman Lewinsky that's
actually her with that crazy name you
could see it's a verified account hey
faith as the subject of the piece
thought I'd let you know that far from
being slut-shamed by this story I was
grateful for it Jake knew me not well
but knew me better than anyone else
writing about me at the time so this was
quite a little debate back and forth but
go back up I want to read a faith sing
one more time she says hey Jake we've
all written things we regret
well what does she regret she's so
adamant she has nothing to apologize for
she's made at least one video saying she
has nothing to play what does she regret
that's a little late the elections on
Monday less than a week before the
election is saying he regretted why
didn't you say that a week ago a month
ago a year ago what did you regret
scroll down a bit because she sort of
reiterates that point here she responds
to Monica Lewinsky the point is we all
make mistakes when we're young oh hang
on young like I'm talking about mistakes
you made two months ago not not when you
were like 21 you're you're a woman in
your mid like 20s or whatever the point
is we all make mistakes when we're young
don't we Monica why did Jake apologize
for that piece above the chubby ex
anyways did Little J call you in to
fight for him I'm for women who stand
tall not those on their knees okay so I
like the banter but my point is
what is what what mistake did faith
think she made and what does she regret
doing because that needs to be aired out
and I think that's she did make mistakes
and I I've Ella cuted what I thought she
did wrong to you I haven't weighed in on
this people want me to weigh in why
would you want me to weigh in
I fired faith the reasons I fired her
persists to this day she has said and
done things that are beyond the pale in
my view and I was a superfan she was my
favorite employee why would you want me
to a pint on this week after week funky
Munky hi Ezra I sent you some loot
because I can well I appreciate that
funky Munky and then I'm sorry I can't
read that language I don't know if
that's it says also you got to tone it
down with the Israel gushing I am for
Israel but like David fragrant said
criticism of the bad thing they do is
not Jew hate well I don't think I talk
about Israel about much what was last
thing when was the last time I did a
show about Israel I can't even remember
once last time I did a video but Israel
I honestly can't recall I went to Israel
and june/july did a bunch of videos from
there but that's cuz I was there I think
Israel is generally right it's the only
liberal democracy in the region was only
place with equality for all religions
and races so yeah I mean I we did a
video about Linda's are sewer but we
talked a bit about her being an
anti-semite but we actually focused on
her calling for jihad against Donald
Trump and saying insane things about a
fellow Moslem ayaan Hirsi Ali so I
reject the premise of your question I
don't feel that we're obsessed by by
Israel here I just don't think that's
borne out quantitatively hey answer we
all make donations we were all right hey
guys have I missed any more super chance
I'm gonna check my email because I don't
want to miss the super chats
thank you for your patience
d mija Lackey five bucks infant when the
West fails to is the false to Islam can
Eastern Europe continue the Western
civilization
keep in mind Russia is ten percent
Muslim well that's very interesting
Putin was tough on Isis in fact the
first time I heard about Isis was from
Putin where he talked about an Isis
terrorist who literally carved out the
heart of a Syrian soldier and ate it on
a cell phone video I don't know if you
saw that I had never heard of Isis
before and Putin said they're madmen
that that are cannibals that can't be
true but I saw the video I thought oh my
god it's true I think I got all the oh
one more from I can't read that it looks
like Greek letters five bucks it's
unfortunately the faith did that but the
rebel is already considered Nazi anyways
by the npc's CND sheer and how he
slammed you guys down sure but listen I
speak for myself whether the whole world
is before me or against me I I know who
I am and I asked faith not to go to
Charlottesville and I said even if you
don't do anything wrong you will be
tainted as a Nazi that's just not smart
we have better things to do
she defied me went despite that I stood
by her at my great cost only to be
deceived because she kept secret from me
what she had actually done down there
there was no way I could count as that I
mean her conduct down there was too
extreme and the fact that she hid it
from me showed a bad faith how can you
how can you work with someone who
actively deceives you I'm sorry I don't
care if you run a news company or a
bakery if someone's lying to you how can
you work with them again and I have to
tell you I am most curious but not
curious enough to do anything about it
other than over
live-chat here what exactly does she
regret what exactly mistakes when she
was young as in like two months ago I
guess we were all younger two months ago
what mistakes is she talking about what
does she regret why doesn't she say them
it's almost as if she doesn't wanna
alienate her racist or racialist
supporters why don't you say what you
regret
by the way I've told her this more
recently but mm last Super chat also you
missed a super chat and I truly am for
Israel but your videos are too
propagandist learn how to be like the
CBC pseudo-intellectual please don't
tell me to learn to be like the CBC that
that's just against my DNA one more
Super chat I can understand that faith
was colossal II stupid listen as I said
in my video when I fire the Jake Tapper
retweeted we all make mistakes but this
was too far well listen Monday's the
election in Toronto and hopefully after
that that I'm gonna be in London anyway
so I'm going to Tommy's trial hopefully
after that I'll have fewer questions
about faith running for mayor because I
don't think she's gonna win I'll give
you my prediction though I think she's
going to get between I think she's gonna
get at least 5% of the vote I was
skeptical she'd get 5% I think she's
gonna get five maybe even higher but I
don't think she's gonna break 10% I
think her people are very motivated but
they're very thin on the ground because
she's a Twitter candidate most of her
supporters aren't even in Canada I
suspect
let alone the City of Toronto listen I
understand why people like her same
reason I like her but the reasons I had
a falling out with her persist and they
they overpower my personal affections
towards her which have quite been
strained over the past year that's a
show for today as always for the past
month we end on the note of faith Goldie
I hope that ends last time because we
have bigger things to talk about and I
hope she comes back on the path and I
hope she has a some self reflection on
the course she's had and I hope she does
something more normal
that's it for today until my 8:00 p.m.
show I hope you join in for that behind
the paywall learn more about it at the
rebel dot media slash shows I'll have a
show on Monday about Tommy Robinson
they'll be off to London then and the
trial is on Tuesday until then on behalf
of all of us here rebel world
headquarters to you at home goodbye and
keep fighting for freedom
you
