in late 2015 to keep a campaign promise
to bring in 50,000 refugees before
Christmas Justin Trudeau turns several
Canadian hotels into makeshift migrant
camps and today as part of an ongoing
investigation I'm going to show you how
some of these Syrian refugees
appreciated or rather didn't appreciate
at all the generosity of Canadians
Toronto has itself an illegal migrant
problem the homeless shelters are full
and illegal migrants self deporting from
the United States are now being housed
in Toronto Area University dorm rooms
those dorm rooms need to be available
for Canadian students by the end of
August so the migrants are now being
moved into hotel rooms and Canada's
Minister of gangs and borders has just
announced that this will be an ongoing
so-called solution to Canada's illegal
migrant crisis just stick them in hotels
and have the taxpayer pay for it all and
I've been investigating what happened
the last time the federal government did
something like this in 2015 through
access to information documents I've
received I've discovered the destruction
to the hotel's
sexual harassment of female housekeeping
staff the federal government's advising
that the hotels make their swimming
pools sex segregated and Sharia
compliant and have also uncovered
serious child neglect issues you can
check out all my stories at refugee
investigation calm now today I'm going
to show you through these same documents
what the migrants thought of Canadian
generosity towards them after they got
here the ingratitude started long before
the refugees ever landed on Canadian
tarmacs
in this internal memo the government
explains that refugees had been missing
their flights to Canada some of the
reasons though are actually pretty good
like bad weather and
lack of ground transportation but other
reasons are just plain terrible the
government says some refugees refuse to
board the airline or were denied
boarding by the airlines the refugees
refuse to get on a flight to Canada and
the Canadian tax payer had to pay for
the rescheduling costs to get them here
once the refugees got to Canada they
treated our country like a garbage can
this is from a hotel manager a Health
Department worker complained to me that
there was too much garbage lying around
this is because men and kids would drink
coffee and smoke cigarettes and just
throw it away on the ground if you saw
the amount of garbage you would be very
surprised then once again I'm expected
to hire someone to clean everything up
which is a lot of loose garbage flying
around and cigarettes that manager says
they have pictures of refugees putting
all their garbage clothing in the
second-floor laundry facility and just
leaving it there for the trash the email
says you will not believe how much
clothes I have thrown away the guests
receive free clothes and the clothes
they do not like is thrown into my
laundry facility and they expect my
employees to throw it out for them the
manager says I do not understand why
they are throwing away perfectly good
clothes and why they are leaving the
mess for me this is not right the
manager also hopes that the guests are
receiving an orientation so they know
the rules and regulations and just the
basic norms of Canadian society because
the manager has experienced some
disgusting things the guests have done
to his hotel rooms unbelievable
buried in this government memo is a
passing reference about something the
hotels are complaining about and it's
bad
hotels are complaining about the
behavior of certain refugees for example
children running in the parking lot
unsupervised spoiled public
toilets and possible criminal acts the
hotels are concerned that they are
becoming a bit of a staging ground for
criminal activity being committed by the
refugees that Canada has so graciously
taken in that's not how Justin Trudeau
told us this whole refugee thing would
work out is it and I can see in this
other internal government memo the after
the refugees got here they decided they
didn't particularly like it here in
Canada and then they wanted to go home
to an apparent war zone
look at this clients wish to return to
the Middle East or elsewhere outside of
Canada for these cases cm's role was
clear Canada's mandate is to bring
refugees into Canada and that once in
Canada the Charter guarantees freedom of
movement if the refugees want to return
to the Middle East they are entitled to
do so but without the assistance of the
Canadian government but as someone who
has spent over a week going through the
details of the refugee problem with a
fine-tooth comb I say if these people
want to go back
we should buy them a first-class ticket
out of here it is much much cheaper
there are plenty of people in the world
who want desperately to become Canadian
and they're willing to take the time to
come in through the front door and do
everything right and they are being
bumped out of the immigration queue by
people who want to gobble up our
resources commit crimes treat our
country like a garbage can and then go
back when we don't do enough gracious
things for them to see my prior
investigative work on the Syrian
refugees and the Canadian hotels go to
refugee investigation calm tomorrow I'm
going to tell you about how the
government and their contractors and
translators handled this problem in the
hotels for the rebel media I'm Sheila
Gunn read to see all of my ongoing
coverage of the Syrian refugees who were
we're housed in Canadian hotels and to
help cover the costs of getting access
to these explosive government documents
go to refugee
investigation calm
you
