this one is called worm loves worm
talking singing and reading we can both
be groomed to an audience of
preschoolers toddlers and their
caregivers the hips on the drag thing
goes swish-swish-swish swish-swish-swish
swish-swish-swish that was footage from
drag queens story our an initiative out
of San Francisco of course but one that
has also spread to other parts of the
country now those were clips from drag
queens reading to children whose parents
brought them to New York library and a
Seattle family pride event but these
events are also coming to
taxpayer-funded public schools like
Maurice Sendak a Brooklyn public school
first grade teacher
Alexis Hernandez over there gave the
program a glowing review saying drag
queens story hour gave my first graders
a fun and interactive platform to talk
and think about social and emotional
issues like acceptance being yourself
and loving who you are and just like
diversity inclusion and all of the
social justice concepts those sound like
completely reasonable unobjectionable
things on the surface she continues
during our debrief students were
preaching the incredible lessons they
had learned like it's okay to be
different and there's no such thing as
boy and girl things and here's where
things start getting just a little
sketchy the notion that boy and girl
things simply do not exist doesn't quite
line up with observable reality it
doesn't take a genius to see that people
with XX chromosomes and people with XY
chromosomes by and large gravitate
towards different colors toys etc
chickpeas preschool teacher Katrina
Green says drag queens story hour allows
preschool children to deepen and
complicate their ideas about gender at
the exact age when they are often
developing rigid ideas about this
concept
and this is where I get angry you can
tell that Katrina is perfectly aware
that she is force feeding kids Marxist
Dogma at the very age when their most
vulnerable
no bad Katrina so let's take a look at
one of the stories these kids are having
read to them here's Jacobs new dress by
Sarah and Ian Hoffman Jacob loves
playing dress-up when he can be anything
he wants to be some kids at school say
he can't wear girl clothes but Jacob
wants to wear a dress to school can he
convince his parents to let him wear
what he wants how about can he
restructure the brains of the rest of
society so that they don't see him as a
bit odd there's a reason why people used
to I'm not sure if they still do dress
up as the opposite gender for costume
parties when confronted with something
unusual people are going to respond with
surprise skepticism and even laughter
it's not because they're bigots it's
just because whenever they're
experiencing is out of the norm I don't
think you can purge those natural
instincts and do you really want to for
a campus unmasked I'm Rob shim shock
if you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
