they rank the countries of the world by
dozens of different criteria I'll take
you straight to the executive summary on
page X I let me read how they describe
it they say covering 140 economies the
Global Competitiveness Index 4.0
measures national competitiveness
defined as a set of institutions
policies and factors that determine the
level of productivity and look at that
right on top there the United States of
America and then Singapore and then
Germany and then Switzerland then Japan
that sounds about right to me doesn't it
but look at Canada we've dropped two
slots in the past year we're number 12 I
mean that's still great but Finland it's
now ahead of Finland are you serious now
if you skip to page 143 that's the
detailed report on Canada you can see it
country by country you can see what went
into our country rankings so this wasn't
like figure skating judges that have an
element of subjectivity there's dozens
of factors each of which itself is
measured as carefully as can be done
they're trying to be scientific here now
just hold up on this big chart on the
screen for a moment I'm gonna take you
through it so this is at the top of the
Canada page do you see all those
colorful bars those are different
measures for competitiveness on the far
left it says overall competitiveness you
see that and then the country name at
the top of the bar it says USA that says
which country is best so that says USA
and since this is the Canada page the
number at the bottom shows our ranks so
hold this up on the screen for a bit
there's a lot going on here let me just
walk you through it for a minute so on
that bar on the left that's the overall
ranking we're number 12 America's number
one the next four bars that are pink
there those are all called enabling
environment that's broken down into
things like institutions and
infrastructure and other things like
that each of those is broken down
further and further further so you can
see we're actually tied for number one
on macroeconomic stability I don't know
if you can see that that's the last pink
line
on the right there we're tied for number
one that means our banks are not failing
in Canada our dollar is not plunging
into nothing like Venezuela say no not a
lot of credit to Trudeau for that that's
our banking system that survived the
2008 crash in the US and and Stephen
Harper and Joe clarity brought in some
Jim Flaherty brought in some changes
there so we're doing okay for
institutions now the next category is
called human capital that's in orange
there the first one is health the next
one is skills again we're doing pretty
well you know 12 place 11 place no
problem no one's saying we're a basket
case even slipping two notches from 10
to 12 is in the Cataclysm but we're
going in the wrong direction under Baron
von novelty socks aren't we would while
the tyrant Donald Trump has taken this
country in to number one I'm gonna speed
up here I'm just trying to show you that
the overall number is made up of a lot
of different parts it's not just a
subjective thing and each part is part
so this is sort of scientific over on
the far right in in I guess that what's
that color turquoise you can see
business dynamism
that's second from the right and
innovation capability dynamism really
means entrepreneurial spirit cutting red
tape stuff like that getting it done no
surprise to us is number one for that
and innovation for all the Trudeau's
talk we're just in 13th place for that
no surprise Germany's number one there
but now scroll down a bit I want to show
you the line of the bottom there you see
that line that says 10-year average GDP
growth and it's just 1.6 percent that's
bad
now of course Stephen Harper was prime
minister for seven over the last ten
years but that included the worldwide
Great Recession how are we doing these
days well not much better you know the
projected GDP growth for Canada is only
about two percent I mean now the TV
being says that all this marijuana
business will boost it to 2.2 percent
yeah I guess I wonder how much damage to
the GDP that stone drivers and stone
workers will cost so I'm skeptic but my
point is we're growing at just around 2%
that's just pretty lame well Donald
Trump's America just clocked double vats
and of course their economy is 10 times
bigger than ours anyways
that's an excerpt from my daily show the
Ezra Levant show weekdays at 8 p.m.
Eastern every day I do a monologue
interview a guest and read my fan mail
and my hate mail to subscribe go to the
rebel da media / shows
you
