yes who hasn't been banned from social
media well you know conservatives are
being banned left and right they're
being suspended too being kicked off
social media Alex Jones a guy who I
don't watch I'm not a fan of Infowars
they completely lost me after their 9/11
and Sandy Hook conspiracy theories but I
will vehement ly defend the right to
disseminate their content they've been
all but eradicated from social media
Alex Jones D person he's even I heard
yesterday I haven't independently
corroborated it been kicked off LinkedIn
no idea why I don't even know what Laden
does I have a profile there I've never
received one tangible benefit from my
LinkedIn subscription but all these
people are being kicked off social media
you know who's not you know who's still
very active and who Facebook reluctantly
after many many complaints pull down a
particularly hateful video Louis
Farrakhan Farrakhan a guy who preaches
anti-semitism daily a guy who despises
white people a guy who in the 1990s when
Muammar Gaddafi of Libya was one of our
most brutal enemies one of the world's
worst most egregious state sponsors of
terror and of terror took eight million
dollars from Qaddafi admitted probably
much more he was gonna take over a
billion dollars from Gaddafi help spread
Islam in the United States but one of
the in one of the good decisions Bill
Clinton made he shut that down all right
Louis Farrakhan is able to remain on
social media this is a guy who has said
vile vile things he's denied the
Holocaust
he's called Adolf Hitler a great man
whites are the devil Jews are the devil
Farrakhan
is arguably one of the top three most
hateful people that exist in the public
sphere today in the public discourse
today the famous guy he was protected by
Barack Obama now they
new during Obama's first campaign in
2008 at Farah Khan was so despised so
polarizing such kryptonite that they
buried that photo of Barack Obama with
Farrakhan they buried every narrative
about Obama's relationships with ARCA
now anybody with half a brain knew he
had one they were both power players in
Chicago but they lied to America's faces
because they knew that Farrakhan so
reprehensible is so vile that it would
have cost Barack Obama the election and
what I found out from people on John
McCain's 2008 campaign team in people on
Sarah Palin's 2008 campaign team is that
McCain had the photograph of Obama and
Farrakhan had the information and barred
his team from using it and barred Sarah
Palin's people from using it nothing
will ever convince me that McCain didn't
want Obama to win but that's a whole
nother show but Farrakhan is still on
social media so this narrative this
narrative that Alex Jones and others
were a band were barred were kicked off
with the person were eradicated from
social media because of hate speech is a
lie it's a lie it's a flat-out lie that
is not what happened that is not at all
what happened it is about them having a
conservative bent but I believe even
more sinister it's about them supporting
President Donald Trump we're gonna stick
on this I'm gonna keep bringing you
these examples every day and I'm doing
it live every day at 7:30 a.m. i'ma show
Declassified live on the rebels YouTube
channel or audience is growing check it
out 7:30 a.m. Eastern Time Monday
through Friday we would love to see you
there thanks for watching I'll see you
tomorrow
you
