hey everybody good morning welcome to
Declassified live a lot to talk about
with you today most notably most notably
you know we're talking about all of this
stuff pertaining to social media and
conservatives being booted off social
media eradicated by blah blah blah blah
all right well you know Alex Jones was
kicked off now every day on the show I
say I'm not an Alex Jones fan but that's
not the point that is not the point at
all I don't have to be somebody's fan I
don't have to believe in their content
to want to see them have a right to
broadcast that content to want to see
them have a right to disseminate the
content because I want you to make up
your own mind look if I say something is
a conspiracy theory or I said I don't
like something my opinion you should
never take my opinion as gospel now if I
read you statistics if I tell you that
the FBI says that this is is the crime
data for 2017 and when we analyze that
crime data against US census data that
certain populations in certain
geographic sar more likely to commit
crime than others well that's math right
that's data analysis that's factual if I
say that Chris Murphy the senator from
Connecticut is really showing his other
uh his uh dictatorial roots his
authoritarian roots in saying that he
would like more power to ban social
media more power to ban conservative
speech well that's fact I'm paraphrasing
his words it's researchable excuse me
but if we give you my opinion on a
platform it's just my opinion on every
platform to exist look I like I said I
have long said I don't I'm not a fan of
it Infowars I don't I don't like
Infowars I don't subscribe to what they
broadcast but I want them to be able to
do it I want them to be able to
broadcast as long as they want and say
whatever they want now I would say that
for site
like The Young Turks good-morning
hangman John Ruth good to see you noble
grand III would say that for sites like
The Young Turks I would say that's for
CNN for MSNBC now I give a site like The
Young Turks which has some reprehensible
left this comment far more credit then I
give CNN or MSNBC and I'll tell you why
Panchito yo what's up San Antonio
John Zeeland good morning my friend I
give a site a platform like The Young
Turks you know uh just liberal rabid
horrible left this stuff well I give
them more credit than CNN you know why
because they admit their bias you when
you when you go to the Young Turks
YouTube channel you watch their videos
and other social platforms you know what
you're getting you know exactly what
you're getting right they're not lying
to you they're not saying we're down the
road middle-of-the-road news and then
sticking a guy like Jim Acosta in the
White House press room to be a
professional protester not a journalist
good morning Matt good morning Merville
Luke good morning Panchito thank you
very much so look I want to see all
content be able to be disseminated the
only ask I've ever had I've never been
one of those people hate MSNBC off the
air take CNN off the air gimme a break
what do we Soviet Russian no no let them
broadcast the only ask I've ever had is
that they're honest about their bet if
CNN tomorrow said look we admit we are
not a hard news platform we are now
liberal commentary left-wing commentary
god bless you do it all day long because
we know they are we know that Jim Acosta
isn't a middle-of-the-road journalist
without bias he's done in the White
House to do journalism Jim Acosta is
there to be a professional protester and
make a name for himself all right
and I look into something Bill O'Reilly
said the other day and he was right he
said Acosta is trying to be Trump's foil
he's trying to make a name for himself
like Sam Donaldson did for Ronald Reagan
back in the 80s Richard a Dan Rather did
for Richard Nixon back in the 70s 60s
and 70s because that nobody knew who Jim
Acosta was before the Trump presidency
right nobody knew Jim Acosta was
he's God you never even heard of now
he's famous now he's a household name so
from a personal marketing and branding
standpoint Jim Acosta is doing a pretty
good job for himself but admit your bias
and what I'm getting to is that in the
social media platforms need to admit
their bias because while being banned
people like Alex Jones and again I don't
subscribe to a thing Alex Jones says I
happen to be the guy's a moron a buffoon
I think he is kooky conspiracy theories
but he's also got people like Paul
Joseph Watson who put out some really
good work so there's a lot of value to
the platform if you can sift through
what the content and find the golden
nuggets but that will say it doesn't
matter they should have a right to
disseminate they should not have an
entire industry Silicon Valley a band
together against them and eradicate them
from the internet take that point of
view away from you they shouldn't do
that they shouldn't do that now the
matrix says in in their eyes Jim Acosta
making a fool of himself yes but there's
also tens of millions of people who love
what he's doing so for him from a
personal branding standpoint and a
career standpoint he's making a very
smart move he's gonna wind up a very
wealthy guy because of his stunts now
Alex Jones banned many other
conservatives banned Miley innopolis
kicked off Twitter all but silenced
Facebook is probably gonna shut him down
Charles Johnson from God news I know
Charles he's a friend of mine he's a
polarizing guy he's amusing permanently
banned from Twitter like Milo probably
eventually banned from Facebook so there
is a purge of people that have supported
Donald Trump in particular so it begs
the question when Facebook and Twitter
and LinkedIn and all these other
platforms say oh no no no it's not about
political bent that's not what it's
about
it's about
speech it's about hate speech Evy
Westbrook says my love was kicked off
Twitter when a couple of years ago
couple years ago is currently banned
you're gonna have two years ago so when
they say oh it's about hate speech it's
about hate speech here's my question
why is Louis Farrakhan still on those
platforms why why the most hateful vile
reprehensible man in the public
discourse jazz 14 22 thank you very much
for the $10 donation Chad says I have a
suspicion that there is money behind
this like the censorship partisan or
theocratic investment can be a stealthy
form of sensorial coercion and control
especially in social media circles well
look I don't think you're off base
because many of the venture capital
firms that invest in these companies are
institutionally left their major
Democratic donors so yeah I jazz I think
you're you're onto something there
absolutely
but explain Farrakhan this is a guy who
called Adolf Hitler a great man whites
are the devil Jews are the devil America
is the devil - Farrakhan he calls for
blacks to rise up with violence against
White's Facebook had to just take down
one of his videos
that was so hateful they first said well
he said that that if a black woman uh
had a baby with a white man
she was now mongrelized whites are
mongrels Facebook's initial excuse was
well we weren't sure the context in
which he was using mongrelized
are you kidding me so people complain
and Facebook finally said oh you're
right it was kind of racist and they
pulled it down one video Farrakhan is
allowed to exist unfettered on Facebook
there is now understand something it's
not just that Louis Farrakhan hates Jews
and whites in America it's not just that
he calls for violence against all three
back in the 1990's a lot of people don't
know this back in the 1990s Louis
Farrakhan
took 8 billion dollars from all more
Gaddafi at a time when
Libya was one of the world's worst most
egregious state sponsors of terror he
was gonna take a billion dollars but in
one of the rare moves when Bill Clinton
got something right Bill Clinton's shut
it down
Farrakhan still got the eight million
probably more they only disclosed eight
million and he would praise Gaddafi as
his good friend and an amazing man and a
great man
Gaddafi a guy who sponsored the attack
back in 1988 of Pan Am flight 103 over
Lockerbie Scotland that killed hundreds
dozens of American students from
Syracuse University a disgraceful
disgraceful stain Louis Farrakhan is on
the United States of America he
associates and conspires with known
state sponsors of terror not speculation
it's in the public record two million
from Qaddafi and Libya hates everyone is
one of the world's most rabid
anti-semite but you know what members of
the Congressional Black Caucus embrace
them they hug them they kiss them they
sit on the dais with them they love this
guy
they love this guy now kept Ryan fain
said you're next and don't forget they
want you dead he's right he's right
most of us conservatives are probably
next and my very close friend and fellow
rebel Kurt Schlichter reminds us every
day liberals want you dead Kurt and I
speak religiously every night after work
and Kurt and I have this conversation
all the time he and I have been friends
for four years and we we is that this
little routine when he's driving home
from work he gives me a ring we would
kind of recap today and Kurt and I say
every day these people want us dead they
really really do now the the bigger
problem we run into right
the bigger problem we run into many guys
by the way looks like I've got Comcast
coming I said the name of the internet
provider that was doing us wrong they're
coming in later today or in the morning
I'm still trying to shake it out they
need a piece of equipment for some new
hardware they installed in the complex
in which I live and that's what's
they're telling me is Court was causing
the lag but
now Jake well Hagen says to socials one
in Pennsylvania yeah but by and large
we're gonna get to that in a moment by
and large the socialist agenda was
rejected by Democratic voters last night
in favor of the establishment agenda but
we're gonna go there in a second all
right plan Trudeau said that I see Rosie
O'Donnell making a fool of herself yes
yes yes yes if you don't know what he's
talking about Rosie O'Donnell brought a
bunch of Broadway musicians outside the
White House this is great and they were
playing show tunes because they wanted
to keep Donald Trump awake well the only
problem is the fence on that lawn it's
about a football field away from the
White House windows you can't hear
anything
the White House is bulletproof and
bomb-proof so the walls and windows are
about that Vic can't hear anything and
Donald Trump was at his home in New
Jersey Bedminster New Jersey he wasn't
even there so another epic fail for
Rosie O'Donnell one of the interesting
things from that protest if you guys
didn't notice the woman's name or less
name is King I believe anyway she was
the woman with the baby who protested
former EPA director Scott Pruitt EPA
Administrator Scott Pruett at the
restaurant and she was supposed to be
this organic mom and a schoolteacher
well she was standing next to Rosie
O'Donnell at this protest now many of us
have speculated she was a professional
protester and left-wing activist that
sure seems her appearance alongside
Rosie O'Donnell and all these Broadway
stars sure seem to lend to the theory
that she's a professional and not some
organic mom it's crazy
anyway so here you got Farrakhan still
on the Internet
so why is it Farrakhan being bad now
it's not race it's not race right cuz
they want to suspend Candace Owens they
want Candace Owens off the web
Terrance Kate Williams funny guy really
good guy black comedian he is being
excoriated for making an Asian joke
about Sarah Jeon so now black
conservatives no longer have the cover
of their race so far John's not
protected he's black all right Farrakhan
is protected because he hates America
he hates whites he hates Jews and he
hates conservatives
that's why Farrakhan is being protected
that's it he hates everyone
the Liberals hate he hates everyone
the leftist hate now hangman John Ruth
said Farrakhan is a military arm of care
no I got to disagree
Farrakhan in the United States I would
argue is as powerful if not more
powerful than care
he certainly has access to more money so
you got a look at Farrakhan as al Qaeda
and care as Isis they're parallel
organizations he's not he's not a
subordinate to care he's lateral to care
and more dangerous look at least care
the Council on american-islamic
relations if you don't know what John
was talking about at least they try to
make believe that they're a mainstream
organization we know they're in bed with
Hamas and Hezbollah and other terror
organizations and they're considered a
fundraising group in many countries but
at least they try to put the specter the
veneer of being a political organization
and a legitimate one
nope not Farrakhan her comes right out
and I hate you I hate them Hitler's a
great man you're the devil you should
burn in hell god damn America and that
was Jeremiah Wright but Jeremiah Wright
Obama's old pastor he and fire are
common friends for years all these guys
think the same all the guys think the
same now Luke vno says getting ban happy
on the majority is a good way to kill
your platform how much did Facebook and
Twitter lose well they lost tremendous
value but that wasn't because of the
purge that was because of earnings
reports that was because of earnings
reports that's all that was about and
dubious revenue models look trust me
they're not banning enough people for it
to matter at the end of the day Alex
Jones and Infowars have one guy in one
platform what does that matter
what does that matter yes sure he had a
lot of followers and he had a lot of
viewers but those people aren't going to
abandon their Facebook's again Facebook
accounts over him maybe a few will but
the masses won't the masses won't then
try to say this name of this comment cha
Mon Lee warner never had time for
twitter could tell early on it would end
in here's people just can't play nice no
they can't but here's the thing
twitter is a good platform for media
dissemination now talking about their
politics talking about their
functionality and their reach it still
matters for those of us in media and
remember you can do a chess 1422 did you
could super chat little icon there
donate a couple of bucks help keep the
show going and your comment rises to the
top like the cream that it is Luke VNO
is saying bit-bit shoots all five digit
games yes but I don't know much about
bit shoot
I keep hearing about it haven't really
you know I don't I have to tell you my
verdicts still out on the startup
platforms and I know bitch shoot is a
video you're they share video and
they've been around since they've only
been around about a year and a half and
so I'm gonna wait I am good I'm gonna
wait to see if these platforms are
viable because the problem is that
Facebook and Twitter for a guy like me
in media alright I could say all day
come on here and say Facebook sucks and
Twitter sucks but I still have to use it
it's got the reach biggest complaint or
thanks for the donation the advise show
is a very toxic racist channel blows my
mind the channel exists I'm not familiar
with it I am not familiar with it at all
so my point is I still have to use
Facebook and Twitter out of a choice
Twitter especially because everybody in
media is on Twitter so for me to
disseminate this show for me to get the
word out about anything Twitter still
works really really well like really
well I wish you didn't but it does and
right now they're the only game in town
because I'll go to gap go to gap is like
300,000 users it's a echo chamber you
got a lot of the Alt alt alt writers who
they're really not a good audience
they're just not that they don't have
the ability to get the word out and and
so I wish Gabe had marketed differently
I think another one of gaps fundamental
problems is user friendliness it's just
not that user intuitive
and that's the bigger problem when it's
not user intuitive you know it that's
that's why myspace which was the biggest
in the world became nothing essentially
went out of business when Facebook
and God we we still seem too happy
having these streaming prompts I really
really don't know why necked somewhere
locally now I don't know
you ever think they don't how to fix
this in 2018 let's hope they can mister
q-tip said the frogs just frogs just
turned ten feet gayer okay and Rousseau
says Alex Jones destroyed YouTube saves
bases good
there should be no safe spaces none none
and Rousseau says Tommy Robinson room
save spaces to cha molesters Muslim try
molesters never forget why Tommy was
really vilified in jailed it was because
he dared exposed the Muslim rape gangs I
I think if Tommy had had exposed any
other rape gang he probably would have
in jail but how dare he do with the
Muslims in Sadiq Khan Sundin and in
Muslim friendly UK that's a big problem
big problem but again they don't ban
reprehensible hate speech so look we
knew a guy like Farrakhan was never
gonna get Bamm we knew that we knew that
all right we knew it Andrew so you're
joking I know you're joking man kidding
around with you don't take it personally
all right we knew he was ever gonna get
bad but it is fun it is fun to call
these guys out right I mean it is fun to
point out the hypocrisy and and DC no it
is not local Wi-Fi because I'm not using
Wi-Fi my machines are all hardwired
Ethernet there's nothing to do a Wi-Fi
anyway the the far left protects its own
well luckily moving right along the far
left but for a few races lost really big
so yesterday here in the u.s. we had
primaries and a bunch of states now the
big one we were all watching was the
race in Ohio because that race was
perceived as a referendum on Trump it
was the Republican special election
there
a special election to strict and we are
still having the spirit rock bag with
our web so let's see if we can get our
connection back here because it's
getting really really frustrating really
frustrating and yep now we've got a week
you're getting a lot of buffering now
within the last three minutes GD J's
that I know my m2 on my end so very
frustrating trying to get that squared
away and you know where it's a hardware
problem working this and I pay quite a
bit of money for a good stream and I'm
getting very very upset with what I'm
getting here but look we were looking at
Ohio Ohio special election Republican
won he won by a tick under 1% but it was
a referendum of Trump Democrats are
beside themselves another trying to say
well it wasn't really a win because he
didn't win by the 11 points or 20 points
that Trump won it was a win all right
now a 3-month win because both of these
guys get to run against each other again
in November but the Americans won the
skew tip I am in the United States but
the Americans won Panchito what are my
thoughts on crime in Chicago the
National Guard no no the why wouldn't
that we don't want to federalize police
the liberal administration Rahm
Emmanuel's administration in Chicago
needs to stop the nonsense and let the
cops be cops stop vilifying the police
when they do their job and start telling
the thugs in these neighborhoods enough
is enough
that's it guys thanks for the advice
about opening managers he CPU usage
we've done all that nothing to do with
any of that or issue is a hardware one
for the web I've had people in
diagnosing everything we know the issue
anyway anyway biggest problem we have
right now the biggest problem we have is
that in Ohio
the margin was razor thin for some
reason Democrats are energized they're
out there voting and for some
inexplicable reason voters voters are
still buying their horrible message now
you can't really compare Balder send the
Republican a1 to Trump Trump is a
larger-than-life figure who got a lot of
them crossover so I'll take the
Republican win so with best with this
race tall Republicans a couple of things
the Trump effect is very real so now in
this district the 12th in Ohio in
November Trump's gonna have to go there
and campaign again with this guy gonna
have to do it
alright what I'm more encouraged by is
that the socialist agenda died I think
socialists picked up two or three the
socialist candidates might have won two
or three primaries but for the most part
on the dem side and the Dems went with
establishment candidates why is this
important well it's important because
it's important because the the it shows
fragmentation in the Democratic Party
it shows fragmentation in the Democratic
Party it shows us that the Democrats
have two factions right when you've got
Tom Perez the chairman of the DNC saying
Ocasio Cortes is the future of the party
but then candidates that she backed and
like her almost universally rejected
last night well you've got a problem in
the party you've got a big problem in
the party big problem in the party Tom
black says I have no idea what socialism
is which is why all I have left is hate
and violence tell that to Venezuela
silly silly comment mister q-tip what
happened in Ohio the Republican won by
0.9 last I checked it was fifty point
two two forty nine point three the vote
tally could change a little bit there
was some absentee ballots still to be
counted but no one predicts it's gonna
change the results and the Republicans
already claim victory so it's a good win
for the
P but they're gonna also he's got a
they've got to run this race over again
in November so in three months from
yesterday we're running this election
again so you know it's um
John Zeeland 9 out of 11 victories was a
great night ya know it's big look whose
big night for the Republicans it was a
big night for establishment Democrats
big night for establishment Democrats
and I gotta you guys got excusable I
block a bunch of trolls cuz that's what
we do we block trolls it's what we do we
don't deal with them we'd always time
with them we don't argue with them we
just kick come on that's what we do now
mmm I love this fragmentation in the
Democratic Party because it's gonna show
us where the party itself stands is the
party gonna pull money mm mm scuse me
from the establishment Democrats to push
the more for our left candidates is
there gonna be a revolt and a demand for
a change of leadership at the senior
levels of the DNC are we gonna see that
maybe that would scare me I like that
they're over far left the big question
see the way New York voting rules work
is that Joseph Crowley who Acacio Cortes
beat in the primary he's still on the
ballot
now he's Cameron is a Dem but he's with
the Working Families Party which believe
it or not actually has a little bit of
political juice in New York now if he
gets his act together and he campaigns
and he's able to hold on to his seat in
the general election because this was a
midterm year primary election in a
heavily immigrant district you know you
don't get big turnout for that but and
the vote in the turnout was very slim
for that I think 20,000 people turned
out in a district of hundreds upon
hundreds of thousands if Crowley can
beat Acacio Cortes as a third party
candidate in a heavily Democratic
district well then it crushes the
socialist agenda crushes
um Oh God
Tom black I love hate and murder that's
where the money is socialism is about
building a community not murdering it
again look at Venezuela yours is a
really silly comment really really silly
really silly and somebody said Mao
Zedong well he's more communist and he
was socialist that's even worst
that's even worse mmm but look you still
have a lot of people in this country
like Tom black who believe socialism is
a good thing they truly believe that
left to their own devices people are not
greedy people don't want nice things and
everybody's going to be content just
having equal you are out of your effing
mind I work far too hard to have some
hood rat welfare recipient thug have
what I have because they want to sit on
their ass all day and nothing hey never
gonna hang that's fine Alice of
socialism never gonna happen never gonna
happen and I don't care what race they
are I don't care what religion they are
I don't care what sexual orientation
they are I don't care I am NOT going to
give to do nothing do nothing they're
not going to get a portion of my
earnings so we can all be equal to
satisfy some moronic utopian idealistic
view of a world that doesn't exist never
gonna happen
never gonna happen now Infowars at
number one in the store the Benford I
have or love for 100 I won't date was
number one app but I'm sure it was up
there I think there are apps probably
that we're faring better commercially
than infowar don't know what it is but
I'm sure it was uh it was up there
makes a great point socialism is when
government takes control of all
production and gives money away so
services such as health care are free
the result is shortages an inflation
jazz great point you left out starvation
violence corruption greed rape and all
other kinds of horrible horrible things
because government is all-powerful
oppression a complete eradication of
rights because government then is
all-powerful controls everything the
means of production the money the guns
the military the police and that is when
you become a subject not a citizen and
if you advocate for socialism you should
really really consider moving out of the
United States you should really consider
leaving this nation it's a terrible
terrible thing all right let's go to
some of your comments now a lot of them
coming down a lot of them coming down
let's see well Patrick Hudgens hidden
degrees of these socialist goes south of
the border and leave America the big
boys will want to work for our own
exactly exactly
let's see mmm cranium says people won't
accept that the Democrats will
self-destruct look I wish that were true
I wish it were true but it's looking a
lot of Democratic voters in this country
a lot of people who believe that it's
the Democratic Party of the Kennedys or
the Democratic Party of guys like Jim
Webb or Connor Lam and PA patriotic
Democrats who believe in I don't see the
problem and I know I say this on air and
I and I rant and rave I don't understand
and I study this daily right I do this
for a living I've analyzed it I defy
somebody to tell me the platform of the
Democratic Party
beyond open borders Pro crime Pro
illegal immigration banning
conservatives of I don't know hating
America wanting higher taxes wanting
more regulation wanting to crush
business like I don't know what their
platform is I really don't I don't see
one
and the item on the Democratic party
platform that moves this nation forward
that puts money in your pocket that
reduces crime uh cheeseburger says is
the Matt is the mug enamel covered metal
or ceramic now I think it's just ceramic
made to look like an ammo covered metal
it's a good mug - it's deceiving it
holds about 20 ounces of coffee so I
think the pint a little over a pint so
it's great it is absolutely great let's
go down see some more of your questions
jf says the victim mentality makes you
think their title that being outraged
about everything what's that you have a
grievance who cares
exactly who cares I don't I don't look
I'll be an altruistic guy I'll be a I'll
be a hey Brian London don't worry man
and guys we are unfortunately get a
little work to try to work with it but
we were just saying one of the comments
was they have a grievance leftist always
have grievances who cares I don't I
don't look I care for childless starving
I care of somebody suffering from a
terminal disease or a serious disease
I'll be altruistic I'll donate money
Emily and guys you know what I'm going
to do here because I just got a text and
they are wincing these buffering issues
as a result and I think we're gonna keep
experiencing these problems because
peers they're working on the web I'm
gonna end show early I'm gonna be back
with you tomorrow morning at 7:30 when
these problems sort it out and I want to
give you a buffer free much clearer show
thanks for sticking in I'll be back with
you guys tomorrow morning let's let them
work on this get all these bugs ironed
out and I want to come back with a
crisper clearer show for you thanks for
watching guys thanks for the comments
