a Channel 4 News report shows
journalists helping people get to the
us-mexico border so that they can cross
illegally
on Monday channel 4 released a news
report a video report on the illegal
migrant crisis on the us-mexico border
and the report was entitled riding the
death train to America's border and it
focused on a heavily pregnant woman
along with a four year old child who was
desperately trying to get on board and
moving train that would take her from
South America to the border with America
and eventually she would cross that
border illegally
now the woman's trying to jump onto this
moving train with a crapload of other
future illegal migrants because they're
obviously not growing the ball to the
border to go and have a kind word with
the border agents and see if they can
get a visa they're there to cross
illegally and she's clearly struggling
but she's not only putting herself at
risk
she's putting her unborn child at risk
and her four-year-old son at risk of
multiple things potentially trafficking
wants to get to the border but even
before then potentially just getting run
over by a bloody train take a look at
this video
Marlin jumps on the first carriage to
ask the driver to stop leaving Dounia
alone with Milan Junior
her husband's plan doesn't seem to be
working
so a kind stranger helps her son onto
the train so a kind stranger helps get
her son onto the train and now she split
up from her son her son is multiple
carriages ahead of her and she hasn't
even got on the train herself yet she
that has son is with men that she
doesn't know and while she's running
behind to jump on herself and she can't
in fact she grabs hold of her train and
it's going too quickly and she falls
over I look at this she's heavily
pregnant and that's what she's doing and
you know it's it's easy to watch this
and feel sympathy that's what that's why
Channel 4's doing it but we must also
not forget that these people are
breaking the law the first thing that
they do upon arriving in the United
States is break the law they're all
illegal aliens they've all committed a
crime the moment they enter the country
while thousands of other people are
paying thousands and thousands of
dollars to go through the process of
becoming a legal citizen waiting on wait
lists and spending years often you know
many years just to get a green card I
mean while they're just crossing the
border and were meant to feel sorry for
them and despite this channel 4 has set
out to do one thing they want to make
those who oppose illegal immigration
look bad why else would they be doing
this because watch this the the team the
team actively helps these people get on
the train it actively helps these people
who are wandering around looking for
loved ones and things like that make no
mistake this team is helping people who
are going to cross the border illegally
why else would they be doing this why
else would they be making this whole
thing look so terrible that you can't
help have some empathy for them it's
obviously to make people like Kurds look
bad so let me get this straight
a major news channel from the UK sets
out to find out more about the illegal
alien and the illegal immigration
problem between the u.s. and Mexico but
instead of just finally got more about
it they're actively helping these people
and getting involved just remember the
disdain that Channel four has for normal
people remember the hatred and the
vitriol that Kathy Newman had bubbling
up inside her when she interviewed
Jordan Peterson of all people as if he
was the devil or something and yet here
they are assisting people who were going
to cross the border illegally and
contribute to a massive problem in the
United States that doesn't just affect
american-born citizens but also people
who have migrated
legally to the United States the media
wonders why the people hate them so much
in the journalists wonder why the people
have turned against the media
establishment who told them that if they
voted bragg's it then the sky was going
to fall in and then then the press tells
us that the hatred and the distrust from
the people is unjustified and
symptomatic of a rise of the far right
meanwhile the British press is out in
South America assisting people in the
process of crossing the border illegally
go figure
if you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team remember to
download our app on the Apple App Store
and the Google Play Store and like and
subscribe
you
