Dinesh D'Souza's new movie is out and I
want to talk about it so let's do that
today on the Hollywood conservative for
the rebel
Dinesh D'Souza's new film death of a
nation opened in theaters across the
country this past week and initially
they had planned just a few pre
screenings and then I kept getting
emails saying that they were adding more
screening locations so that's a really
good sign that means that there are more
people interested in seeing it than they
had initially expected or predicted now
of course if you go on Rotten Tomatoes
the gauge most people use to decide if
they want to see a movie or not Rotten
Tomatoes critics gave it no love as in
zero as you can see here but moviegoers
reviews have bounced from 82 percent to
95 percent now if you've seen any of the
Nash D'Souza films you know what they're
like historical nonfiction with a few
scripted scenes for effect
and I described the content for you but
the description they posted on Rotten
Tomatoes does a pretty bang-up job so
let's check that out it says this not
since 1860 have the Democrats so
fanatically refused to accept the
results of a free election that year
their target was Lincoln they smeared
him they went to war to defeat him in
the end they assassinated him now the
target of the Democrats is President
Trump and his supporters the left calls
them racist white supremacists and
fascists these charges are used to
justify driving Trump from office and
discrediting the right by any means
necessary but which is the party of the
slave plantation which is the party that
invented white supremacy which is the
party that praised fascist dictators and
shaped their genocide apalla sees and
was in turn praised by them moreover
which is the party of racism today is
fascism now institutionally embodied on
the right or on the left through
stunning historical recreations and a
searching examination of fascism and
white supremacy death of a nation cuts
through progressive big lies to expose
hidden history and explosive truths
Lincoln United his party and saved
America from the Democrats for the first
time can trump and we come together and
save America for a second time now lots
of people attended this week I had a
media hit that night so unfortunately I
was not able to attend the pre-screening
but I will definitely
seeing it in theaters this week lots of
high-profile appearances of course
everyone from Don jr. to Brigitte
Gabrielle diamond and Silk Sheriff David
Clarke founder of Project Veritas James
O'Keefe and many many others so it was a
grand event and in an interview on
Breitbart radio D'Souza echoed something
that we all hear in here on the right
side of history feel that there's a bond
on the Left created by the hate that
they have in their hearts he talks about
how bigotry is the unifying glue for
progressives and Democrats and in my
opinion their bigotry coupled with
hypocritical accusations slung at the
right are truly what keeps their fire
burning they scream sexism while they
berate women in the Trump administration
and threaten their children they shriek
about racism as they call black
conservatives Uncle Tom's and Coons they
claim to respect law enforcement yet
they support groups like black lives
matter who target police officers they
say that they are the party of women yet
they support radical Islamists like
Linda Sarsour who spout Sharia law at
speeches and rally women to blindly
follow her and support her Islamic cause
we see everyday instances of the
mainstream media twisting stories and
social media suppressing stories they're
happy to report on a tip when it seems
that some white racist Trump supporter
has assaulted a black person or
spray-painted swastikas on a black
church or refused to leave a tip for a
black server but when the story is
revealed to be a hoax and all of these
were the media never reports on that
it's up to people like me and our other
fine rebels to enlighten you and that's
a lot of pressure but movies like death
of a nation make our jobs just a little
bit easier because they provide history
to our current circumstances so I
encourage you to go see the movie I'm
going to go see it this week thanks for
watching everybody I'm Amanda head the
Hollywood conservative for the rebel if
you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us here at the
rebel subscribe to our premium content
at WWWE need for words last shows make
sure you're following us on Facebook and
Twitter for all of our latest news
and download our new app for the rebel
media on the App Store that way you will
have instant access to all of our latest
videos and your favorite rebel shows
thanks so much for watching I'm Amanda
head for the rebel
