today I'm bringing you the third
installment of our investigation into
what happened when the Trudeau Liberals
turned Canadian hotels into migrant
camps to house wave after wave of Syrian
refugees today I'm going to show you how
these little refugee children were
dangerously neglected remember when
Justin Trudeau right after his election
to prime minister promised to bring in
50,000 Syrian refugees by Christmas that
year it was ridiculous it was an
unmanageable goal in pure virtue
signaling Trudeau did it to show the
world just how much kinder Canada would
be with a liberal as a prime minister
but Trudeau didn't give much thought to
the logistics of screening housing
managing 50,000 people from a war zone
just like how he thought the budget
would balance itself I supposed to treat
I thought the refugees would just
integrate themselves but it didn't
happen that way at all what resulted was
mayhem in the hotels that housed these
government-sponsored migrants now
earlier this week I showed you through
government internal memos and through
emails from hotel management the damage
that the Syrian refugees were committing
in the hotels contracted by the federal
government to house the refugees in
their first days here in our country I
also showed you the abuse and disrespect
and even sexual harassment that the
housekeeping staff in these hotels
received at the hands of these migrant
men today I'm going to show you the part
of this investigation that bothered me
the most as a mom I'm going to show you
how dangerously neglected the little
migrant children were by their parents
in these hotels this is one email from a
hotel manager to their contact at the
federal government it reads I write this
email to you following major concerns
from my team here at and then the
tells name is redacted now I really like
this manager because of what he's going
to say next
our team has catered to the refugees
from the first day of arrival at our
property and the manager put the word
refugees in quotes because even he knows
many of them are not really refugees
some of them are just economic migrants
anyway the email goes on to say that
here are some of the concerns that we
are faced with on almost a daily basis 6
to 10 year old kids that are filling 8
to 10 cups of coffee kids using the
juice machines as a toy and filling
constantly only leaving the cups around
the lobby and restaurant eating sugar
packets and mixing with water some
drinking some wasting children are
urinating on our front entrance wall
kids go into our fitness room and
pouring water all over the equipment
kids alone in the dry sauna at 90
degrees children unattended riding on
the luggage cart if they fall down the
stairs the hotel is not responsible so
who is now this internal email to the
government's on-site monitors say the
hotel is concerned over the number of
fights occurring between children
particularly boys beating up on the
girls and when the hotel staff reports
these occurrences to the parents there
does not seem to be a concern in this
internal government memo serious neglect
is described under number 3 children are
being left unsupervised clients are in
the rooms but sending the children out
to play in the hallways or both parents
are attending an orientation and
children are unsupervised other specific
incidents include parents sent to young
children a plural smelly two and four
years old outside to play front door is
approximately 20 feet from a very busy
road the same parents also repeatedly
allowed their child to play with water
valves in the
laundry room resulting in flooding the
entire laundry room was a leak into the
breakfast-room
another incident involves a housekeeper
coming in to find a mom asleep and young
children attempting to wake her children
tearing wallpaper off the walls this is
another email from another hotel manager
to their contact at the federal
government the email reads the hotel has
been seeing a large number of parents
allowing their children to be unattended
around the hotel
these are serious safety concerns for
the hotel and I'm sure the government
sponsorship program a few examples are
as follows children left in rooms alone
even at the age of four and five many
children in the pool throwing everything
in sight in the pool and playing with no
adults in the area running through the
hotel in bare feet in the fitness center
trying to lift weights and use machines
again no parents now that same email
also says that hotel staff found a baby
left alone in a guest room and when the
employee went to tell someone the
employee was told that she had no right
to complain and this is yet another
internal memo for those on-site monitors
that again details health and safety
concerns for the little migrant children
many children were playing outside
unsupervised and safety was a concern as
it is a busy parking lot the issue has
been since resolved as a security guard
has been hired there have also been
several incidents involving young
children wandering in the hall alone
late in the night and children left
unsupervised in the hotel rooms with no
parents in sight this may be due to lack
of knowledge of parenting rules and
regulations in Canada
no that's neglect this is yet another
internal email it says hotel management
had issues with one room where children
are peeing on the floor in the bathroom
the manager showed me pictures of a
fluor completely soaked and there was
toilet paper in the middle of the floor
that was covered with feces it was
communicated to the refugee that this
was absolutely unacceptable and should
not be happening this room has done this
on several occasions in this email a
hotel manager says that they tried to do
their part by opening a meeting room for
two days and supplied toys in activities
the email says this lasted only a few
hours until the children took all the
toys for themselves and stored them in
their own rooms that same hotel manager
said that children cause damage to the
pools and they've had to shut down the
pool twice for repair and cleaning let
me just say that I understand
these are little little children they're
only doing what they've learned the
things that they've been taught or have
been allowed to get away with as
acceptable behavior kids no matter where
they're from will get away with exactly
what you let them get away with it's
probably one of the laws of the universe
kids will be kids and they will push the
limits every single time and I know
little kids coming on a long journey and
especially those coming from a warzone
will act out it's hard it's traumatic I
understand I promise you I do but where
were the parents to make sure that the
kids weren't in harm's way to care for
them and to make sure these little kids
weren't being ungrateful to their new
country and their new hosts if Canadian
parents were allowing these behaviors
and neglecting their kids in this manner
no doubt social services would be
involved and investigating the parents
instead it appears here the hotels are
reporting child neglect to the
government who is supposed to be
managing the refugees and it seems as
though nothing is coming of any of it I
don't believe in the bigotry of low
expectations I believe that every single
parent from any culture should and must
take care of their own children to see
my other reports of our ongoing
investigation into the Liberals practice
of housing migrants in Canadian hotels
go to refugee investigation comm check
back here next week and I'll tell you
about how hotel swimming pools became
shariah-compliant to accommodate the
Syrian refugees for the rabble media I'm
Shiela gun reads to see all of my
reports from my investigation into
Syrian refugees housed in Canadian
hotels go to refugee investigation calm
and while you're there if you can help
cover the costs of getting access to
these exclusive an explosive government
documents you can pitch in there to at
refugee investigation calm
you
