Canada is not a market maker we are two
percent of the world's GHG there's a
couple of countries in the world that
are market makers that is to say they
can move markets we know who they are
one is the United States of America and
the second is the People's Republic of
China why because they're thus first and
second largest economies in the world
they both have large populations the US
a third of a billion people and of
course China with 1.3 billion and
secondly they have these enormous GDPs
they can move markets because they're so
huge they have such a huge footprint on
the world the idea that a country that
is smaller than one of 50 states in the
US Canada is smaller than California the
totality of all of Canada is smaller
than the state of California in terms of
population and GDP the idea that one
country with 37 million people could
cause the world to change its behavior
change the the the footprint of GHG
around the world is just preposterous to
anybody who has any understanding of
basic arithmetic and the numbers
involved
we are 2% of the world's emissions of
GHG so the idea even if we eliminated
every last molecule of GHG in Canada it
would make no difference on the world
because over the next thirty five years
the IEA the International Energy
Authority is forecasting the equivalent
of two more China's coming on stream in
terms of consumption of oil and gas in
other words the consumption today of
China is going to be it's going to go up
again over the next 30 years 35 years by
the equivalent of two China's so 2%
Canada's contribution is literally
irrelevant to the to the global
conversation that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Ezra lavance show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate
now just click on this screen and become
a Premium Member
you
