the British High Court has officially
recognized a Sharia marriage and ruled
on a divorce petition for a Muslim woman
we're always told by the left that
Sharia Courts and Sharia law simply
can't be a problem in the UK because
Sharia law isn't recognized by our own
legal system and book there lies the
problem doesn't it the issue is that
this is a parallel legal system people
use Sharia Courts and Sharia councils to
solve disputes they help decide on
probate matters and weddings and
marriages and they treat women like dirt
frankly Sharia marriages and divorces
are dealt with in the Sharia Courts and
that's the problem right the problem is
that it lives outside of our own legal
system and means that people are being
discriminated against outside of our own
system which is set up to protect people
including women that's why it's a
problem but finally finally the left has
a reason to complain because the High
Court the British High Court has deemed
a Sharia marriage legitimate in the eyes
of the law so they'd have to spend all
this time telling us that is an issue
because the law doesn't recognize it
finally it's recognized so The Guardian
reported on this story and they said a
High Court judge has decided that a
couples Islamic marriage falls within
the scope of English matrimonial law in
a ruling that could have implications
for thousands of Muslims in the UK
Nazarene actor wanted to divorce
Mohammed Shahbaaz Khan her husband of 20
years but he blocked it arguing that the
couple were not married under English
law actor and Khan underwent a religious
marriage ceremony known as Anika
conducted by an imam in 1998 and it went
on in a written ruling mr. justice
Williams who heard the case in the
Family Division of the High Court in
London concluded that the marriage fell
within the scope of the 1973 Matrimonial
Causes Act he said the marriage was void
under Section 11 of the Act because it
was entered into in disregard of certain
requirements as to the formation of
marriage it is therefore a void marriage
and the wife is entitled to a decree of
Norah T
the British High Court has accepted a
divorce petition for a Sharia marriage
that means that the British High Court
has accepted the legitimacy the legal
legitimacy of a Sharia marriage in this
country now let me tell you what this
means now it means that a non-legal
religious marriage from an alien
religious and legal system has been
accepted into our own man made more in
the West now this alien marriage system
by the way it's not like our own
marriages this is no Christian marriage
this is no legal marriage under British
law this is very very different it
allows men for instance to marry more
than one wife that ain't legal here it
also allows a man to temporarily marry a
woman and pay her for sex during the
process allows husbands to also to beat
their wives and in fact that's actively
encouraged in their own religious texts
and it also stops women from having any
rights to assets during the marriage and
when they get divorced they get no
assets from the marriage either
and good luck ever seeing their kids
again now that this kind of marriage has
been accepted into British law or at
least accepted by as legitimate by the
British High Court's isn't it time for
the left to admit that there's a problem
here because for as long as they've been
telling us that Sharia isn't a problem
because it's not recognized by our own
law
they've been denying the real
seriousness and the danger that women
are put in under these marriages and
under Sharia law so now that it's been
accepted now that the British High Court
has done this it's time for the left to
eat their own words and admit that this
is a problem and by the way setting this
precedent means that more than this is
going to happen in the future Sharia
Courts Sharia law Sharia marriages are
going to become more commonplace and
legally recognised putting more and more
women in danger if you want to see more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
remember to Like and subscribe
you
