so I did a report on Harvard's
affirmative action lawsuit recently and
I mentioned that time a little over a
year ago now when the number one ranked
school rescinded admission offers to at
least ten students because of offensive
means they sent through a private chat
now another Ivy League school Cornell is
investigating male students who dared to
rank female students looks also in a
private chat let's check it out
so male students in Cornell University's
Law School recently had the audacity to
rank female law students by their
appearances and the administration was
not pleased
Cornell WA Dean Eduardo Penn Oliver
emailed students saying upon receiving
this troubling report someone always
snitches the Dean of Students asked
lawyering faculty as well as small
section instructors to discuss these
allegations with their students and
communicates their sections in no
uncertain terms that if they are true
the behavior may well violate University
policy 6.4 which prohibits among other
things the creation of a hostile
educational environment on the basis of
sex hostile educational environment I'm
sorry did I miss the part where Cornell
University merged with Facebook or group
me or whatever platform students use to
send these messages no well then we're
talking about two separate environments
here aren't we
let's take it to our toes next three
charges one at a time first he says
ranking women on their appearance is
inherently degrading okay so first of
all let's remember that this is a
private chat second this is a pretty key
instance of the puritanical impulses of
the left eroding objective reality fact
men and women have key factors they seek
out in potential mates intelligence
humor compassion etc fact Beauty is
whether you like it or not one of those
factors next Eduardo says raiding women
on their looks is also childish and
unprofessional
hmm that's very interesting Eduardo
these evaluating potential mates is
something that's distinctly indicative
of maturity it's actually a children who
think the opposite sex has cooties
and finally the administrator says
ranking based on looks treats women as
less than equal members of our academic
and professional community why because
they're being evaluated on their
individual traits you know which
communities don't judge people on their
individual traits Eduardo
Marxist ones and there's that word
professional again
you can't call into question someone's
professionalism when their behavior
occurred in a domain completely separate
from academia
Cornell's starting a title 9
investigation over this and I guess the
results could be as drastic as Harvard's
decision last year to rescind admission
offers for at least 10 students who sent
allegedly offensive memes in a private
group chat boy the Ivy League is seeming
less and less big-league and more and
more just like ordinary poison for
campus unmasked I'm Rob from shop if you
like this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
