the sexism movie debate heats up with
HBO adding Justice League to its lineup
many in the media left are complaining
about the differences in the Wonder
Woman's standalone movie and the Justice
League collaboration well let's see if
women are being objectified or if women
are being shamed into boxes of
conformity and mediocrity I'm Ben Davies
this is pure Hollywood after Justice
League was released it was almost
immediately attacked for objectifying
women we USA Today went as far as to say
there are examples of subtle sexism in
this film pointing out that Diana Prince
and justice Lee wears modern cut
professional attire while patty Jenkins
did not forgetting the fact that patty
Jenkins movie took place in World War
one where women dressed a little bit
different however the biggest criticism
was not Wonder Woman's professional
attire but rather with the Amazonian
women wore of course if you have
athletic fit women running around there
is a dress code in 2018
wait sorry no no these shots are all
from patty Jenkins Wonder Woman movie
which clearly shows some women in crop
tops while others do not probably
because some have more toned stomachs
than others
Justus Lee was first slammed for its
sexist costumes highlighted by a photo
that compared amazon's from Wonder Woman
to Justice League
conveniently showing some background
Amazon's compared to some very specific
ones what's so funny for me is I'm a
former athlete I've seen some incredible
athletes I know the difference in body
types from an actor and an athlete and
as soon as I saw the Amazonian women
beating through these Logs with hammers
and holding up stone gates
I knew immediately they didn't hire
actresses they hired athletes
and my guess was CrossFit sure enough I
went to the article complaining about
these outfits and buried near the bottom
you find out that yes these are
professional CrossFit athletes Brooke
Ennis and Hari James and when asked
about the outfits Brooke in a said quote
it didn't bother me at all
unquote and maybe because this is the
same kind of covering they wear when
they compete at the professional highest
level and CrossFit but no no they should
they should cover themselves it's
shameful it's objectifying it makes
women feel insecure wow you know you
kind of sound like a caricature of a
wacky bible-thumping conservative you
know the kind of person that you always
speak out against I thought you are
progressive leftist feminist and
moreover in the DC Universe the Amazons
are supposed to be the most impressive
female warriors and you will notice that
in Justice League almost every woman has
a different outfit this helps highlight
each Amazonians individual skill and
physique the runners outfit is different
from the archer the archers outfit is
different from the infantry you know why
cuz no woman is the same in the
comparison photo of the Amazons the ones
on the right were supposed to be the
strongest Amazon's among them and they
have one of the most impressive and
sacrificial scenes in that entire
sequence where they break down the logs
with the hammers and hold up the stone
wall and you were able to see and be
impressed by their incredible physique
because of their specific outfits that
highlighted it and when I saw that I was
like wow that was really impressive
those women are ripped well guess who
also played Amazonians in patty Jenkins
Wonder Woman movie both of them but you
didn't notice them in fact probably no
one noticed them you know why because
they covered up their physique so every
woman looked the same women are
wonderful they're beautiful and talented
and each woman is different not only in
conscience but also in body and
dedication Brooke Ennis is it like
Wonder Woman she isn't a 510 130 pounds
supermodel like gal gadot no she's
actually five seven 145 pounds and both
women are so impressive in captivating
because they train and work hard to be
the best version of themselves and it
shows if you let them and I think it's
important to remember that many people
who complain about a male directing and
objectifying women on-screen many are
the same people who complain that gal
gadot is too skinny to play Wonder Woman
and that it would be shameful to cast
her in a role that so many people would
look up to and it seems to me the people
yelling allow dust about every body type
should be praised and appreciated don't
mean every body type in fact if you're
2-tone you need
cover that up if you look better than me
you really need to tone it down and
definitely don't wear a swimsuit
Miss America it's basically just body
shaming people into conformity we think
every woman should be praised as long as
we all look dress and feel the same
regardless of the dedication you put
into bettering yourself hey if I choose
to sit home and eat potato chips while
you train CrossFit that's patriarchy's
fault all jokes aside I think that
mentality is very sad and detrimental
because of what it seems like to most of
these critics they don't want you to
highlight yourself they don't want you
to be wonderful they want you to be like
everybody else and most importantly they
want you to be just like them all right
so if you enjoyed that video please
consider becoming a premium member to
the rebel that way you have first access
to pure Hollywood and the entire rebel
lineup
