fashion and accessory brand Moga has
banned all white women from future
promotional campaigns this is racism
pure and simple I don't want to be that
person who talks about how the left are
the real racists all the time but there
are just some stories I can't ignore
Teen Vogue
once again teen vogue published an
article a couple of weeks ago about how
designer and creative director of Moga
azam Munoz has decided that for all
future promotional campaigns for his
brand he would totally exclude white
models he knew there would be a backlash
so they prepared articles videos and
other responses to the public explaining
that they didn't hate white women they
just wanted to overcome the dominance of
white women and fashion advertisements
this is really the height of pandering
but it's nothing new for Moga last month
the immediate picked up on their ethical
100% silk head scarves muna says he
values strong and successful women which
is why he produced a range of 100% silk
head scarves head scarves for powerful
women so what else can I say this is a
far left brand run by a far-left
activist pushing a far left agenda that
wants white women out of the way if
racism is real and prevalent of a
problem in America then this is
symptomatic of it Moga is a racist brand
purposefully discriminating against
white women in an interview with Teen
Vogue he explained how he was so excited
to receive 100 submissions from
non-white models from every continent
except Antarctica and in response to the
question what conversation would you
like to spark from this announcement he
said these are all pivotal moments that
will ultimately shape our future and the
world we live in so why not be a part of
the discussion today so we can try to
make the world a better place for
everyone regardless of whether you are
black white or otherwise hmm that is
some real audacity discriminating and
then claiming you're doing it to make
the world a better place this is just
how they think
if this is really about smashing
stereotypes or allowing a hijab scarf
brand to represent its customers then
why are white Muslims being forgotten
about we see you we see your racism Moga
an Teen Vogue if you want to see more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
like and subscribe
you
