hi
I was telling public what I thought
about Trudeau okay so we got 22 hours of
porridge you're gonna ask I will leave
nothing bad well we'll do that otherwise
she could be charged because the
servants that's fine okay I will leave
immediately okay thank you unless people
want to interview me both of you my
allowed to be introduced and put back
over the square that's fine you're
welcome to come over here never you like
okay but if you if it long as I have
your guarantee did you're not going back
in this burg absolutely don't I'm just
gonna be absolutely sure no thanks for
the warning officers oh sorry I couldn't
quite hear well sorry I couldn't quite
hear what you were saying when the Prime
Minister was at the memorial can you
recap it first place could you ask me a
less open-ended question I mean okay I
don't support retreat O's doing I don't
support him taking in the white helmets
I think there's a reason there 800
fighting aged men I don't think there
were there for humanitarian purposes
yeah I think Trudeau is weak he's worse
than Trump I'm ashamed to a voted for
him and he came like a week late he sent
out a tweet but when a Muslim girl
supposedly got her a job cut off which
turned out to be a hoax he commented
immediately this is a clear double
standard he doesn't care
it's he's a DS disingenuous do you think
we're not being told the whole truth
about what happened
week ago Sunday here on the dam for sir
in terms of links to potential terrorism
absolutely I think the media is an organ
of the state it I mean the CBC is
directly funded by the state so why
would it ever call out the state for
things that it's doing wrong it's
clearly propaganda and we're not in a
place where you can just lie but you can
spin the story however you want and when
you have complete control over the media
especially the TV media
and he's coming to pay respects people I
know
hey you're here yelling I respect he
does not respect you I feel compassion
he's a piece of shit
you
