welcome to Declassified live everybody a
lot to talk about today we have got rod
Rosen Stein's
articles of impeachment introduced in
the United States House of
Representatives this is a pretty big
deal this is actually a very big deal
because it's the first time that the
Congress has made a definitive statement
on rod Rosen Stein's breach of well
respect really Rosen Stein has walked
before Congress and pretty much done
whatever he wanted he obstructed he said
what he wanted to say he did what he
wanted to do he didn't really show any
respect whatsoever for members of
Congress none none and he quite frankly
just came before the house I found him
to be in his last go-round
of public testimony incredibly
condescending combative challenging I I
didn't really think that Rosenstein
showed any respect whatsoever to
Congress or the process I thought that I
thought that he was well disrespectful I
thought he was very very disrespectful
the Congress a steel anvil how are you
and I think part of the issue here is
that Rosen Stein doesn't feel he has to
comply with Congress because who's gonna
do anything about it who is gonna do
anything about it
right doesn't look like Paul Ryan's
gonna do anything about it
doesn't look like Jimmy the House
Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy is gonna
do anything about it
doesn't look like in the final analysis
rank-and-file rino members of Congress
good morning everybody are gonna do
anything about it so why wouldn't Rosen
Stein block Congress now question let's
go back to a different question though
why would he why would the Deputy
Attorney General
why would the Deputy Attorney General
decide to obstruct the United States
Congress you well let's think about this
for a minute
well that FISA application was pretty
damning now the big question has always
been the big question has always been
now somebody just said I'll burn that
flag any day of the week and that gets
you an automatic that gets you an
automatic removal from the comment
section and if it continues we just ban
you outright from the show cuz we don't
deal with trolls on this show we don't
deal with trolls and hangman says I've
got a good shirt pattern yes this is for
you guys this is for you guys I want to
get psychedelic again today but these
Rosen style articles of impeachment are
or I think symbolic ie
the way the process works you know how
impeachment works you're in the house
it's we need so here's what's gonna
happen right so mark Meadows introduced
these articles of impeachment against
Rob Rosen Stein there there needs to be
majority there are forty members on the
Judiciary Committee good laugh Bob
Goodlatte committee he needs 20 of those
21 of those you need the majority on the
committee we have that with Republicans
if the articles of impeachment make it
out of the Judiciary Committee they go
to the full House floor for a vote and
they then the full house would have to
vote to remove Rosen Stein now Rosen
Stein wouldn't lose his job at that
point then of course it would go to a
trial in the United States Senate true
many never Trump errs in the Senate that
would require a two-thirds vote to
remove them it's not gonna happen
it just won't happen there aren't enough
Republicans with guts let alone
Democrats that would remove them however
if the house decides to stick together
which they should and have some guts at
least it will be symbolic so again to
impeach the stoop there's two parts to
the impeachment process there's the
actual impeachment in the House of
Representatives and the try
in the Senate where you're removed
forget that board that's not gonna
happen that's not gonna happen
Bill Clinton was impeached but then when
he went to trial in the Senate and
weren't enough votes to remove him from
office he was acquitted in his Senate
trial you got a look at the senators
like a jury unless two-thirds vote to
remove you you were then acquitted in
the Senate however however a simple
impeachment in the house will send a
loud and clear message to Rosenstein and
other obstructionists in DOJ that this
Congress isn't going to allow it they're
gonna do something about it and that's
the bigger problem right we're not we're
not cohesive enough as a Republican
Party we don't stick together we don't
stick together it's it's just that in
the Republican Party is is somehow still
under the assumption that if we
cooperate with Democrats it's going to
somehow help us they're gonna love us or
be our friends or give us some ground
the and remember you could super chat
with us there's that little icon of
dollar sign icon you could super check
donate a couple of bucks help keep the
show going every day and I will bump
that question to the top of the list but
the rosin that impeachment is more
symbolic than anything and I think it's
necessary a lot of people disagree with
me on that for the simple reason that if
Congress doesn't have tea
well good are they if Congress can't be
they can't hold people accountable one
if you come before a congressional
committee and you decide I don't want to
talk and Congress has no way to make you
talk if you say a guy Congress subpoena
me you're not a prosecutor not a
prosecutorial agency so you could
subpoena me I'm not gonna listen to your
subpoena what happened well Congress
supposed to go before a federal judge
and a federal judge is supposed to send
out the u.s. marshals but that rarely
ever happens now Congress can't continue
to operate that way it can't
can't continue to operate in a way that
you're not effective if you have no
teeth if you have no way to enforce your
subpoenas if you have no way to enforce
or compel witnesses not only to stand
before you good morning Robert Jackson
or to tell the truth well then what's
the point why are Americans subject to
watching your hearings your open door
hearings and and sitting through all of
this nonsense there's no sense in it and
Jim Gates says if you believe Hillary is
going to prison there's nothing's ever
gonna happen Hillary Clinton she has too
much dirt on too many people Hillary's
getting a pass there are two standards
of justice in this nation nothing will
ever happen Hillary Clinton there is no
stealthy silent Jeff Sessions and
eschewing on more on nonsense and robert
muller is an ally a trump and commis a
good guy none of that is true
nothing's gonna happen to Hillary she's
those two were too many bodies are
buried
figuratively maybe literally and there's
uh there's definitely a different
standard in justice but back to Rosen
Stein and so it's less about Rosen Stein
than it is about Congress Congress for
their own survival right their approval
rates are hanging anywhere between three
and seven percent the let me address one
thing
Lucy Vienna Aleut Luciano there's been a
step up busting low-level pedo
traffickers that is nothing to do with
Hillary Clinton nothing that whole pizza
gate thing was moronic I'm a little
former law enforcement guy I worked
child sex crimes I never saw a theory
more moronic than pizza gate in my life
it bore no basis an investigative fact
it was completely concocted all right
Hillary does not run an international
ring of pedophiles I track these people
believe me I saw a lot of intelligence
on who was involved there were political
figures it's Hillary in Brooklyn are not
running in a national ring and
pedophiles with the Podesta brothers let
me just put that out there
the Podesta brothers did not kidnap
Madeleine McCann and Portugal these
theories are moronic and they serve
nobody there
an uptick in the arrest of pedophiles
because the department of homeland
security homeland security
investigations HSI which used to be
called US Customs is deploying new
technology they have a renewed mission
and work alongside FBI and local cyber
crimes units and those stories are
making it into the media more we
actually had higher arrest rates back in
2008 back in 2008 when let's see we're
gonna do here we're gonna get we're
gonna get rid of Danny once and for all
from the stream we're gonna just we're
gonna block the troll and we're going to
make sure that we don't allow morons and
there you go
you'll never see Danny's moronic
comments again take it easy Danny
hopefully hopefully you make it to
school on time and your mom isn't too
mad at you you really you really at 23
should stop sleeping in your mom's
basement though and it's time for you to
graduate the eighth grade now back to
the articles of impeachment so and will
serve as a pedophile thing first so it's
just because law enforcement has better
technology I want a cooperating if you
look at the arrest rates of pedophile
rings we actually were arresting more
back in 2008 than we even are today then
we even are today so it's great it's
great but the investigators have been
doing this awesome job all along a
restaurant the uptick because Homeland
Security has more tools now at their
disposal and people think Pizza Gate is
real it's not ok it's not I was the cop
who investigated these crimes I've
looked at everything I'm telling you
it's not it's no more real than queuing
on or sessions being a good guy or all
that yeah our codes used for traffic
sure our code used in trafficking drugs
of course was it all being run out of
comic ping-pong pizza no no and any
legitimate honest business suffered and
that's about the most and
I conservative position I can think of
Ricky Lee says Cuomo just pardoned
thousands of pedophiles and they can
vote again that's not true it's not true
there are moronic websites out there
I despise Andrew Cuomo but a very small
portion maybe under two dozen of those
he released with conditional release
were pedophiles or even rapists there
shouldn't be one of them released it was
terrible
Cuomo has will have blood on his hands
but let's not let's deal in facts let's
deal in facts we are so much stronger
when we're smart and we deal in facts
alright let's let's be smarter let's be
smarter about this now back to the
nothing nothing bothers me more than
when when conspiracy sites take a theory
and run with it and the reason I've
urged in a pizza gate and all these
other things is because this is why we
can't get rod Rosen Stein impeached this
is why Department of Justice can
obstruct Congress because morons on the
right these these these characters these
cue nuns and these 4chan these reddit
pages that concoct these conspiracy
theories discuss so when we have a
legitimate a legitimate problem like the
weaponization of the Department of
Justice the FBI in the intelligence
community against Trump and we have
massive corruption massive corruption
you know what the left does they say oh
I don't listen to those people they're
the ones that thought there was a
pedophile ring around of a pizzeria that
didn't even have a basement this is you
guys I wish I wish conservatives out
there understood the damage they do to
our movement and the cover they give the
real bad guys by believing conspiracy
theories that's the problem
now is
possible that some of the people
mentioned in Hillary's emails are
pedophiles yes but we don't have any
proof not code words and an email and
subjective interpretations of what they
might be we don't have proof and so when
you start taking unproven unvetted
unverified conspiracy theories with no
evidence and you promote them as fact
you begin to look dumb and you begin to
look uninformed and you begin to look
conspiratorial looking for the monster
under every bed and in every closet so
when a guy like rod Rosen Stein comes
along and he is actually weaponizing the
Department of Justice against the
President of the United States
no one's gonna listen to you and it's a
shame you know why you know the story of
the boy who cried wolf
eventually the wolf showed up but nobody
listened to the kid because he was
crying wolf about every puppy and poodle
that came along and that's why I hate
conspiracy theories and I rail against
them every day David Rosenberg you are
again you are running with
interpretations I work these cases I
guarantee you probably have it I
safeguarded the raped and murdered by
the body of a raped and murdered
nine-year-old so never come at me and
tell me I don't know what I'm talking
about with these cases or I'm giving bad
guys a pass because I'm not but I want
to take down real bad guys I had him a
less than eight year old in the backseat
of my police car trying to explain to
her why the man hurt her as I was buying
her McDonald's and had to hand her off
to child services
did you so when I despised conspiracy
theories because I operated in the real
world it's because I want to take down
the real bad guys and you can't take
down the real bad guys when everything
is clouded with conspiracy theories you
can't do it
so here we are here we are all right we
have a Deputy Attorney General
in a special council running unfettered
weaponizing against the American people
hi that is why we now have a fight
between our members of our own party
4:12 anon I don't even know what that is
it's not about Fermi these are so I'm
trying to explain to you guys all of
these numbers are a matter of public
record look at the FBI you see are not
somebody on the web named for 12 and on
all right all of this information is
public record you can any American can
call the Department of Homeland Security
HSI Homeland Security investigation that
used to be US Customs and asked them how
many arrests are have been for child sex
trafficking
you're all so you guys are conflating
arrests for child pornography with
arrests for child sex trafficking most
of the trafficking is happening overseas
or here in the US by gangs like ms-13
and other gangs that run underage
prostitutes you're I was I was ancillary
on the Jeff Epstein case there there is
so much bad information out there but
what's frustrating what's frustrating is
that one guys like me and others have
worked in law enforcement or prosecutors
try to tell you know you're getting a
lot of bad info this is what really
happened you guys many of you guys say
what SIG's stephane that I'm letting the
mainstream media narratives shape my
thinking and shame my thinking and
that's really frustrating because that
couldn't be a further from the truth
because I worked on these case I know
the investigators involved I'm getting
the raw data but you're allowing
conspiracy theorist anonymous web
accounts to shape yours and ashame you
into thinking a certain way yeah look if
you if you can't if you can't deal in
reality because reality isn't as
sensational as conspiracy you're never
going to get anywhere you're never gonna
have credit you're always gonna be
discredited discredited always you're
always gonna be discredited
you got to work in facts you have to
because if you don't work in facts what
happens is you allow guys like rod Rosen
Stein and Peter struck and Andrew McCabe
and James Comey and John Brennan you
allow them to proliferate you allow them
to thrive okay Luke vino what about
Fantasy Island and Epstein's Jeff
Epstein it probably the most aggressive
vegetable predator on earth has ever
seen but he was an FBI cooperating
witness and cut a deal many many people
have said Jeff epsilon was ever
convicted federally only in Palm Beach
County in Florida and got a very light
sentence he should be rotting in jail
for the rest of his life
he should be rotting in jail but his
Island if you if you understand what
went on there was mainly over aged women
Epstein brought younger girls there
alone and he typically molested young
girls on his plane on boats or off shore
disservice Tami's asking Martin Epstein
spent 29 million on cement the filling
tunnels it was that was a construction
project Epstein is a bad guy he probably
molested over a thousand kids in his
life
he should be rotting in federal prison
he should have gotten the death penalty
dozen I'm trying to tell you that there
was so much real information on this guy
that could have buried him for life but
then people had to make it even worse
with their conspiracy theories not to be
worse but didn't need to be and so all
that did was discredit the good work
done these conspiracy of you don't know
I am very friendly with one of the
lawyers for the victims who sued Jeff
Epstein who sued Jeff Epstein all right
all these conspiracy theories made the
ability took the ability for him to get
a settlement for his clients in a year
and stretched it out about five or six
years all these conspiracy theories did
was hurt Jeff Epstein's victims because
FC
was able to keep going to court delaying
having to pay the victims because he was
able to keep suing people for these dumb
conspiracy theories and he was always
able to delay the suit with the victims
these conspiracy theories hurt the
victims this sounds great and you have
fun with it on the Internet
but the real victims are hurt while
everybody's playing detective on bad
info and I wish more people I wish more
people understood that same with Rosen
Stein Rosen side shooter bounded there
long ago these articles of impeachment
are long overdue but how Rosenstein is
able to stand up there and say oh that's
a crazy conspiracy theory that's a crazy
conspiracy theory that's a crazy
conspiracy theory so is that one even to
the the theories that are real and then
Republicans in Congress say well we
don't want to be called conspiratorial
so let's leave them alone you guys
that's my try to explain to you every
day when you buy into the Q & ons and
the Alex Jones is and all the craziness
you're helping the bad guys you're
helping the bad guys because the bad
guys are then able to say oh they're all
a bunch of nut conspiracy I bet they
also don't believe 9/11 happened they
don't believe Sandy Hook happened I bet
they also believe there's a Russian
airbase in upstate New York owned by
George Soros and then the right gets
laughed at and the bad guys on the left
are able to continue to operate in plain
sight okay Adam Troy says Quentin
Tarantino says Roman Polanski and Thanos
did nothing wrong Quentin Tarantino is a
low-life Roman Polanski's pedophile
should be in jail for the rest of his
life
oh my god what about the Pope's arrest
warrant oh my god you guys seriously
guys you guys got to stop with these
conspiracy theories you got to stop
there is no arrest warrant for the Pope
steel anvil says I'd like to slap the
smirk off rods face rod Rosenstein
Canada again disagree there you got it
you got to add a few other people with
that mix I think P I put Peter struck in
front of that list now Robert they're
not gonna give me an aneurysm they're
not I've been dealing with this every
day it is very frustrating in
conservative media to try to get the
truth out when there are you know look
conspiracy theories of fun
I would I would have a hundred thousand
viewers a day if I stood up here and
said oh yeah John Podesta was a leader
of pedo Gate John Podesta he actually
had a hidden office in a safe room in
the back of comic pizza and he had 67
monitors where he had operatives from
the Church of Satan molesting kids and
and I would have hundreds of thousands
of viewers believing that nonsense
and I'd be doing a tremendous tremendous
disservice to you to law enforcement
trying to catch the real bad guys to the
victims because I would have people
chasing their tails looking in the wrong
direction that's the problem
now people keep asking me possesses
email and kids in his hot tub looks
horrible might very well be evidence
maybe right now we have no proof and
from an evidentiary standpoint you can't
connect one email to a global child sex
trafficking conspiracy run out of a
pizzeria in Washington DC you'd be
laughed out of every court in the world
you'd be laughed out of every detective
squad room an investigative bullpen on
the planet and that's all constitutions
as I probably believed Podesta got
hacked by the Rooskies now I think
that's they got fished I deal in facts
but this there was a moron who made his
fat password password he fell for a 1997
arrow phishing scam now again I don't
deal in I deal in facts I don't deal in
conspiracy theories
Russian hacking to me is a conspiracy
theory nobody's ever seen the DNC server
except one private company that to me is
a conspiracy
I think the much more plausible one of
the things I do believe is that Seth
rich leaked the information I believe
Seth rich was most likely killed because
he leaked the information what I don't
believe is that government agents killed
Seth rich it was a targeted
assassination by Hillary Clinton no I
think somebody who worked with Seth rich
got pissed off had a gun went to argue
with him thing he's got a hand again and
he got shot that's what I think so we we
agree on many things many things I don't
think of conspiratorial guy work
robberies and and gun crimes I think
Seth rich was a victim due to his work
at the DNC yeah that I do believe and I
do believe he was the leak i don't
believe the russians hacked the DNC for
the simple reason that we never really
got anything that damning from the DNC
other than Hillary railroaded Bernie
with certain show ups well here's an
captain nobody says everyone has their
own opinion view we know we know what's
not opinions yeah somebody spent many
many years in law enforcement
investigators on these cases I'm trying
to give you some good intelligence so
it's not just opinion so when I speak to
the agents and the prosecutors people I
know I work with I look at the evidence
that's worth far more to me than some
anonymous internet persona who claims
they have a super secret squirrel top
secret SC IQ clear document that they
can't really share with you got a I
weigh the value of the evidence the
value of the source William Levy asks
why do people not like Russia well Luke
let me answer Lou's question so you
aren't denying that it could be true
just when proof exactly exactly those
emails look really bad but I want an
investigation I want proof before I
start accusing somebody of something
heinous and attaching other people who
might be innocent
exactly
why do people not like Russia uh
fear-mongering look Russia is not our
friend they're an adversary as trump
says a competitor but I think the
Russian people by and large are are pro
West they just want to make money they
want to live well I don't think the
Russian people are out there trying to
you know destroy the United States of
America or or um or what do you call he
go to nuclear war with us I don't think
they have any interest in that hold on I
just lost you around your chats there we
go mhm
singer says China's much worse than
Russia yeah in fact if you listen to
Christopher Rhea the FBI director at the
Aspen Security Summit he said China is a
bigger threat Riya says don't we metal
in Russian elections yeah yeah we we
metal in Russian elections they metal it
ours everybody metals and everybody read
Oh red alert to you ok here's more bad
information why would the DC police
cover-up the set rich case if it wasn't
a hit on set they didn't they didn't a
friend of mine is a robbery cop in DC in
that area nobody cover anything up
there's just not a lot of information
detectives have been working on the case
detective has never received a
stand-down order again more conspiracy
theories when rod wheeler came out and
said that was the case fraud has been
out of the DCPD for decades and other
cops in DC told me guy does not know
what he's talking about nobody gives
them information so again so again you
gotta consider this just because
somebody is on a certain network or says
I worked at a certain place it doesn't
mean it doesn't mean that they're an
impeachable source rarely means that
let's see
why does CNN
around conspiracy theories well do you
want to be like CNN they just had a
reporter banned from the White House I
don't have you guys saw this story let
me pull it up for you I think was what's
her name Caitlin Collins was banned from
the White House yesterday after she
started yelling questions at Trump but
uh let's see so her question was she
started yelling questions at the I gotta
find that graphic let me see this so
they banned her from the Rose Garden
event yesterday and I'm Jack Caitlin
Collins because she was yelling
questions irrelevant unrelated questions
at Trump now the the problem I have with
what she did is that CNN now goes to the
White House to disrupt do I want to see
reporters banned from the White House
now no we need a free and fair press so
no I do not
I do not but the other problem is they
the other problem is CNN and I talked
about it yesterday needs to start being
I was looking for a graphic or easin I'm
poking around was a graphic of the exact
question she asked I can't find it right
now
but um let me see if it's here maybe I
want to yeah okay she's at the press
Kegel and she starts screaming questions
while Trump is standing with the
president the EU about the Michael Cohen
tape and I was talking to find the exact
question she asked but you know they
decided to banner now CNN has been
unfair to the White House CNN I believe
is no longer news their opinion
journalism there there's opinion
journalism and I don't think CNN should
be given the same stature in the press
room as hard news outlets there are n
hoard news outlets it also is just about
access CNN can get their access from the
regular feed the only reason you want to
be there is that maybe you get your
story out first now Fox News is standing
Fox News issued a statement we stand in
strong solidarity with CNN for the right
to full access for our journalists
that's part of a free and unfettered
press notice that they didn't say fair
or objective because CNN is not fair and
objective they're not a fair and
objective press Adam Troy is talking
about Facebook yeah Facebook had a
massive massive drop in stock 24 percent
freefall in their stock I was gonna talk
about that tomorrow
doesn't it dig into the information some
more today but I am still not sold on
crypto I'm still not sold on crypto I
know a lot of people say crypto is the
wave of the future
I just mmm I just don't see it's backed
by nothing
it's arbitrary and only has value
because people say it has value but it's
still not legal tender enough for
certain for too many things there was
one real estate transaction here in
Florida one and they regret doing it and
the person who sold that piece of real
estate when Bitcoin was super high is
now regretting it because they were on
the up side of equity in that place and
now they're way upside down on it on a
place they worked hard and paid off and
so you know it's a crypto makes me
nervous when you can't buy real things
in the real world of significance
Anthony Emrys Emmerich asks how do you
feel about Rand Paul advising a blanket
removal of top-secret clearances from
retirees of intelligence field no I
don't think you can't really do that
because you know an outgoing CIA
director might have information
pertinent germane to an ongoing case and
you need to be able to bring them back
in to discuss it with them you just got
to you put a provision in there where if
they abuse it like John Brennan has it
can be pulled it can be pulled I back to
CNN no CNN I would have no problem if
CNN I say this all time
just let it be known excuse me that they
were a left-wing opinion and commentary
outlet and not a hard news outlet that's
all that's all they have to do but even
you go up there and make believe you're
hard news and the president is standing
with the president of the EU and all
your questions are gotcha questions
about a playboy model designed of course
to embarrass the president itíd States
in front of the President of the EU
designed only to embarrass him there was
no sorry there was no news value in
those questions none
they'd been overdone there were ever
ething we needed to know about the
Michael Cohen tape we knew had been
reported night and day night and day
night and day the day before us since it
dropped
she was only trying to embarrass Trump
in front of the President of the EU and
Anthony Amex is Brendan is a creep I
think Britain's a terrible terrible guy
I think John Brennan is a terrible
terrible terrible guy and should be
treated as such but Adam Troy says I
understand Adam can't hack Bitcoin
blockchain it's an invisible legend that
irreversible edge I get all that but
it's still not backed by anything it has
no value it's not not backed by anything
and so it's me trusting the entity that
created it and you and me saying this
has value what value I see you you give
me that I give you my car and then it's
a roll of the dice whether anybody else
get it from me for anything of equal
value and to me I'm a simple guy that's
why I don't dabble in crypto I think
it's wonderful to be a multi-millionaire
on paper it's another thing to be
comfortable in the real world and so I
Troi saying I won't have a choice later
on with crypto yes I will yes I will the
world is not going to crypto believe me
the world is never going to go on fully
to crypto at least not in our lifetime
debby Katie you think the name the
legislators to use the slush fund for
settlement to avoid sex scandals will be
released before the November elections
no should it be yes yes evil bastard is
right the dollar used to be backed by
gold and silver but now it's not anymore
no but it is backed by the 18 plus
trillion dollar US economy so there's
something substantial behind it
there are federally owned lands in the
United States of America worth trillions
of dollars and that worst-case scenario
could be used to back the dollar not so
with crypto there's no tangible asset
behind it uh and none of my investments
are in Bitcoin evil bastard says yeah I
just it doesn't doesn't make sense if if
if more if it's more recognized if all
of a sudden Chevy dealerships across the
nation said we're going to take crypto
well that's different
mm-hmm that's different but right now
it's a bunch of people on the other way
of trading things with it it's not
really a tangible asset so yeah Merc dad
says the US economy is still substantial
as an object is only valuable as he not
someone will pay for it correct correct
but you have to understand if you buy a
car there are thousands of objects it
used to build that vehicle every one of
which is demon have value perceived to
have value not so with a Bitcoin which
is why I don't dabble in it it's why I
don't dabble it mmm my shirt is MKULTRA
is for MKULTRA sleepers give me your
address some people I don't want to
visit you
Red Alert says they bought Bitcoin 5500
sold it went ahead over 19,000 sold it
for what did you get hard cash that's
the question
or did you roll it into another crypto
mmm because I would never touch
something Adam Troy says can't come here
at the dollar - crypto better of
chameleon gold besides bitcoin is rarer
than gold kutzle only 21 million mined
right but gold is is used in things it's
used in industrial applications
jewelry applications Bitcoin isn't gold
is a tangible thing but I can touch its
head value real or perceived for
thousands upon thousands of years
bitcoins like a week old and there are
other competitors out there that might
be better
hmm you know with it what Bitcoin really
is as wampum and that went the way of
the dinosaur pretty quickly hmm Jeff
like apples is back for this Twinkie
comments Twinkies are tangible yes they
are Rosenthal was in Canada five eyes
gathering he just have to g7 summit they
can't help him I Tammy I don't know if I
buy that either the whole five eyes
thing that was a Louie's mensch Rick
Wilson John Schindler conspiracy theory
thing don't listen to those lunatics
okay so Red Alert
you sold Bitcoin at 19,000 then bought
it again at 5100 Constitution I do
understand it I don't like it I
understand it I just don't buy or invest
in any asset without real something
behind it even if I invested in tech
startup
I want another software that does
something not just a couple of guys in
hoodies with a cool idea that that's my
point I'm just not I'm just not a a guy
who
believes in the intangible I think it
sounds great but I don't believe in in
all of these intangible bubbles with
that being said look your money invested
how you want I see people who are very
very wealthy on paper with Bitcoin but
they're not moving in the real world
they can really buy anything with it so
it to me anyway it's equivalent to me
hiring a developer creating a
cryptocurrency saying there are only 50
million of them they're worth a million
dollars each or they're worth a billion
dollars each and I'm holding 75% of
those ergo I'm worth 30 some odd billion
dollars on paper because of this thing I
create I mean that's how I see Bitcoin
you know that's how I see it
all right and I'm gonna be the leading
more comments that are just moronic I'm
gonna be deleting more comments at Imran
ik we don't deal with dumb comments we
don't deal with that and we don't deal
with hitting on this country so we don't
deal with here we will delete you from
this show very very quickly just don't
like it
but part of the problem I have with
going back to the conspiracy theories
it's important is I really you know I'm
let me let me just stick on this turn
Occulus pieces bartering is a
tried-and-true method of private trade
absolutely absolutely and it made the
world go around for years and it's
conceptually great but he can't function
like that in the real world when I go to
pay my electric bill my cell phone bill
my car insurance my car payment they
don't wanna hear about Bitcoin they
don't want to hear about bartering and
if I try that they're gonna shut off my
lights yank my insurance and repossess
my car and in foreclose on my home just
so it's it's a wonderful concept but in
the real world it's it's useless right
now it's useless if I got to pay my
MasterCard on my visa bill with Bitcoin
they're gonna laugh at me and shut my
cards
and put me in arrears and Wow
living in the real world I'm a more
tangible guy mm-hmm I'm a more tangible
guy I just I
but hire a cop is FBI director as a law
degree instead of attorneys
my biggest complaint the this this move
to this move to always use DOJ attorneys
DOJ attorneys as directors of the FBI
people that have never kicked doors or
carried a gun makes no sense and causes
a lot of problems
Adam Troy says you can't copy or
counterfeit a Bitcoin you can cut out
the banker with Bitcoin I can send you
one hundred million dollars around the
world what a three dollar fee and you'll
get it in minutes and not be able to use
it for anything so if you were to send
me a hundred million dollars in Bitcoin
right now I can't buy a car can't pay a
mortgage can't pay an electric bill I
can't go buy a new watch I can't pay my
insurance can't pay my credit cards
can't go to the bank and take out cash
can't go to a restaurant can't buy a
plane ticket can't check into a hotel
with it can't go to a nice dinner
I can't go by that boat I want but what
good is it what good is it right now
perceived values a wonderful thing I get
it but I can't really do anything with
it in the real world so that 100 million
dollars on paper doesn't mean much to me
doesn't really mean much to me so uh
yeah you can get on a plane using
Expedia with Bitcoin very very limited
very limited sure there's certain sites
you can buy a plane ticket and what do
you do when you get there what do you do
when you get to Bora Bora
who's taking Bitcoin I get what you're
trying to say but it's in it's teeny
infancy there's no real value right now
none none Wow
Red Alert you have your back get
attached to your wall wouldn't you
transfer $25,000 per week a million
dollars a year in real cash coming in a
Bitcoin god bless you might be the only
one it might be the only one listen
Johnny visas I'm 100% wrong about crypto
in a couple of years when he's on Hawaii
in his fifth house I'll think about me
god bless you I hope listen for all you
guys who hold crypto I hope I am dead
wrong I hope I'm dead wrong but I know a
lot of people who tell me where crypto
gazillionaires for crypto gazillionaires
look at how much money we have look at
how much money we have hey by the way
I'm heading up the New York City next
week you know anybody who has an extra
room I can rent Airbnb Stu expensive so
you know I mean I hear the stories yeah
there are Bitcoin ATMs but I mean if you
want it always here and there what's
gonna do and they're few and far between
but uh so like I said I don't I don't
want to I Adam I've looked deeply into
the tech behind it you're missing the
point
I get what it is I get what it does
again at all but I still realize that it
is not negotiable for 99.999 8% of the
things we need in the world and when
something isn't negotiable it's got no
value to me but god bless all you guys
with crypto I hope you guys are on your
12th houses in Hawaii in three years not
five years I hope everyone he was a
billionaire I would love nothing more
look I have the I would love nothing
more then for everybody hoping crypto to
become fabulously rich it would do
amazing things for our economy but it's
not something I would ever put a dollar
into it's not something I'd ever put a
dollar into cuz like I said I watched
too many people I know say I'm a crypto
gazillionaire hey dude I'm a little
short can I borrow some money
you're a crypto gazillionaire I think
well yeah but you know I got a hold on
to this no you can't buy anything with
it that's gonna help you live your life
or stock your fridge and so it's uh you
know that's my logic behind it but again
if you think I'm wrong god bless I may
very well be go buy it up buy it up play
as much as humanly possible as much as
you can afford
I need far be it for me to tell you what
to do it's uh just
something I would put money into not
more than a couple of I have two of two
bitcoins but I got early early on too
and the volatility I never never had any
desire to have another 50 caliber says a
my supporters sending paper dollars to
my GoFundMe account I don't have a
GoFundMe account so I don't know what
you're talking about I just don't know
what you're talking about I do not have
a GoFundMe and Fiat his Fiat and crypto
is a Fiat scam let's say Christie says
they have tomato plants said hero says
the Dutch in tulips shell the tulip
bubble right but a Sean Figgins has
crypto is good for drug mule I don't
know one drug dealer on the planet that
would ever do a transaction not a real
one baby yeah these black market sites
never shut down but try going to the
hood try going over the hood with a
virtual wallet see how far that gets you
for every $1,000 you put in the Bitcoin
you take 10,000 on lending power from
international bankers Adam Troy says
Adam I don't think there are bankers in
Zurich right now trembling over Bitcoin
I do know that they're living very very
well they're living very very well but
um look again if you guys wanna if you
guys want to invest in it god bless you
your money if I'm a free market guy and
look I hope it does take off I hope
government is putting check and there's
a system that shows government we have
an alternative but right now I just
don't see it
I've spoken to some very smart people on
both sides of the issue people heavily
invested in crypto people who won't go
near it
looked at its negotiability looked at
its liquidity the value proposition and
I wanted to see it I wanted to see it I
hoping to debunk the critics and I left
a skeptic and a critic and so you know
it is what it is it is what it is evil
bastard I like commodities - I like oil
and gas I like oil and gas I think the
world will be running on fossil fuels
for many many many many many
exponentially many so that is uh to me
much more attractive it's not a bad idea
and I love these ideas how about a move
to make social media unlock utilities
that social media doesn't run utilities
you
schoolteacher getting triggered I have
not I have not uh sure bet is carbon
trading now that all fell apart to Merc
Merc mad all those carbon credits fell
apart no I do not want to treat the
Internet as a utility absolutely not
absolutely not no no no no no no no I
have no desire to do that evil bastard
says what's my opinion of turning-point
us a great organization I know Charlie
Kirk who runs it very very well they're
doing awesome awesome work on college
campuses and president United States
loves the organization they were very
very effective in converting college
students to conservatism and grabbing
them away from socialism they do a very
good job I know it I'm very close with
turning-point one of their board members
major donors two of them actually are
very good friends of mine
good people so uh I I like the I like
the organization quite a bit
I like the organization quite a bit and
their conference is I'm they asked me to
speak at them this last one they invited
me up to this last one I couldn't make
it the one that went down the other day
in DC I just way too busy with the show
but it's uh it's a good group it's a
good group I've had them on my old show
several times and they David Menzies
David turns out a great interview so I
didn't see it I'll watch it but I
I love David's work and if you watch
David you know if you don't he's just a
great guy as well and so uh now I really
want to watch this interview is funny
funny guy it's uh let's see the answer
says why don't college kids take
personal responsibility you just asked
the question of our lifetime you just
did now I don't know I have no idea why
college kids won't take personal
responsibility well guys it's about that
time I will be back with you tomorrow
morning at 7:30 a.m. and I don't even
know what we're gonna talk about yet
probably Fey
books massive share price fall-off
terrible Schiller gun read is awesome
also Chile's uh chill is great Bible see
you guys back here tomorrow morning 7:30
a.m. thanks for watching thanks for all
the comments prove me wrong on crypto
I'd love to learn I'll see you guys
tomorrow
