I'm always amazed by just how
unilaterally the vandalism the speech
disruptions and the threats of violence
are in the israeli-palestinian debate on
campus not as often do we see these
actions coming from pro-palestinian
students at the super prestigious
universities today's an exception but I
guess we shouldn't be so shocked because
it is a university in California let's
take a look
if you take a trip to Stanford
University you might stumble upon
students Hamzah dude I'm probably
butchering that who's going to be an RA
at the school this fall
Hamza took to Facebook and said I'm
gonna physically fight Zionists on
campus next year if someone comes at me
with their Israel is democracy bullshit
and after I abolish your ass I'll go
ahead and work every day for the rest of
my life to abolish your petty-ass ethno
supremacist settler colonial state well
I'm not sure how sane Israel is a
democracy is bullshit I mean what other
country in the Middle East operates by
the rule of law and an innocent until
proven guilty principle just be as a
nation doesn't roll over and let itself
be sabotage by terrorists doesn't mean
it's any less of a democracy
anyways Hamza who's a member of
Stanford's chapter of Students for
justice in Palestine might have realized
that his language could constitute a
threat because four hours later he
changed the phrase physically fight
Zionists to intellectually fight
Zionists in his post
the Stanford College Republicans said
threatening to assault other students
who hold a different point of view is
anathema to a free society and any kind
of education let alone the operation of
the premier research university in the
world and let's not forget hamza isn't
the only muslim student or SJP member
who has threatened or wished for
violence against pro-israel or Jewish
people remember Florida State student
Reem zeitoun who tweeted that she'd fuck
up a Zionist or how about San Diego
State University's Muslim Students
Association member Halima eyed who said
we should just stone all the Zionists to
death
Palestinian style noting I would never
kill a human or animal only Zionists
because they are neither
or how about Valencia College Muslim
student Dima Jabara who said in this
house we pray that God will kill the
Jews I'm really trying to understand why
do these statements come so often from
one side of the israeli-palestinian
conflict and members of this side who
don't even themselves live in the Middle
East let me know below for campus
unmasked I'm Rob shamrock
if you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe if something happens on your
campus and you'd like us to investigate
send us details using the forum on
campus on mass comm
