I'm saying these other journalists just
told factual untruth fake news here's a
small example but stay with me here
here's the political correspondent for
The Guardian newspaper you can also see
that he's a bicycling activist which
tells you 90% of what you need to know
about him anyways he obviously hates
Tommy he hates Tommy supporters and so
he wrote this note for some of those
tweeting about Tommy Robinson appeal
it's not being held in secret there are
some temporary reporting restrictions
these are usually there to avoid other
trials being jeopardized
he's only appealing against a sentence
he pleaded guilty all right but but in
fact Tommy's conviction had in fact
being subject to a publication man a
total publication ban for days that
that's why people would have called it
secret because it was and there was in
fact a partial reporting ban on the
appeal on Wednesday - there still is so
any Tommy fans who said that they're
right but look at that next part he said
there he said he's only appealing
against the sentence well actually yeah
that was the original plan but as
Tommy's lawyers learned more about his
treatment in court that day in Leeds
they learned that the way he was treated
violated so many rules of Criminal
Procedure the judge who convicted Tommy
and Leeds made so many mistakes not just
in the 13 months sentence but in the
rest of it - that Tommy's lawyers
decided to appeal the conviction itself
and this was obvious and evident within
the first 10 minutes of of court I mean
he was probably 1 80 90 percent of what
was discussed in the appeal for hours
but look at this Guardian political
editor telling the little people no
you're wrong he's not appealing the
conviction itself dummy I'm sorry that
it's not an opinion that is a fact and
it's what the appeals centered around
and this Guardian political editor the
snobby sneering toff was just telling
people fake news and trying to embarrass
them for being idiots but he was the
idiot what all of these working-class
Tommie supporters pointed out to His
Highness from the
he's wrong well he finally grudgingly
admitted that he wrote it seems
embarrassingly I was wrong on the second
point court listing an earlier wire
story said it was just appeal against
sentence but hearing covered both this
on the conviction apologies to anyone
have contradicted over this I don't know
why I'm doing a valley girl accent for a
British snob thanks for the apology mate
but how could you get such a central
fact so wrong and be so confident about
it
that you attacked those who got it right
called them fools but look the snob
apologised leave him be but of course he
couldn't leave it be he couldn't just
apologize he had to attack well he look
at this he said all credit I'm not even
gonna try an accent he said all credit
for mr. Levant for reporting from court
not enough people do that these days but
I've just looked at the website he works
for and it's all a bit unsavory
so this Guardian political editor who
was writing about the appeal so so he
wasn't actually in the courtroom what
was it was a hard to find the court
maybe maybe they moved it now I was
coming in from Canada I came in a day
early make sure I got in I got to court
two hours early in the morning making
sure I got seen was it really that hard
to come all the way down from the
Guardians office to the courts was a bit
hard but he still wanted to tweet about
the appeal as if he had made that tiny
effort what a clown but hey guys he
finds the rebel a bit unsavory so sure
we have our facts right he was lying but
we're unsavory if he does say so himself
and we have to take his word for that he
actually read our website because he
just exposed himself for writing about
an appeal to which he did not attend do
you see why it was important than I
intended the court in person if the
Guardian editor would lie about
something so easily checkable like that
imagine what else he lies about that's
an excerpt from my daily TV show the
Ezra Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
