so talk about too vivid contrast when it
comes to those ruling federally in
Ottawa and those ruling Ontarians at
Queen's Park more reports are emerging
of Isis fighters returning to Canada and
potentially scot-free because evidently
there are no laws on the books to charge
Canadians going abroad to commit murder
and mayhem in the name of the Islamic
state on the flip side as a law-abiding
citizen don't you dare forget to claim
that cheap bottle of hooch you picked up
in Buffalo during a day trip when
crossing back into Canada because if you
do you will feel the wrath of the state
big time if you're found out in any
event it's absolutely outrageous and
inexplicable that the RCMP are wringing
their hands as they figure out what sort
of charges they could or should lay
regarding those returning Isis fighters
now paging Dudley do-right how about
treason
how about sedition and I bet if you
really drilled deep down into the
Criminal Code there must be some other
crimes too but in the case of PC MPP
Dave Smith the author of the private
member's bill the thinking here is that
there's more than one way to skin an
Islamist polecat so while the federal
government welcomes back terrorists and
in some cases gives them
multimillion-dollar payouts for hurt
feelings
Smith's bill seeks to permanently remove
those convicted of a terrorist offense
from obtaining any services that are
provided by the province that would
include for example no more free
healthcare for jihadi jackass and his
elk feeling sick from that rabid camel
that bit you in Syria med Oh too bad so
said take two aspirins and don't call us
in the morning also gone would be the
right to receive an Ontario driver's
license so
welcome to the wonderful world of uber
guys oh and no more subsidized how
sing for you thugs either best you find
an abandoned refrigerator box and stake
out a claim under some overpass of the
Gardiner Expressway in fact these ex
jihadis wouldn't even be entitled to a
fishing license got a problem with that
Aqualad so sorry go fish
what a welcome response to Islamic
terrorists compared to the hugga thug
initiatives the federal government are
is embracing that's an excerpt from my
daily show the Azrael avance show
weekdays at 8:00 p.m. Eastern every day
I do a monologue interview a guest and
read my fan mail and my hate mail to
subscribe go to the rebel da media slash
shows
you
