I've recently come back from a trip to
Israel with the rebels and some of you
might know from some of the videos I put
up you know what I found some of the
reactions from some my friends and
relatives Muslim ones quite interesting
to say the least several have openly
harassed me for visiting equating
entering Israel as support for Zionism
and being anti Palestinian now I'm
talking not entirely surprised but but
how virulent it's been at times is was a
little affecting now I can get away with
it a bit more because I'm not holding
myself up as some perfect Muslim far
from it I'm not even religious but my
experience is hardly isolated now some
of you might know a writer by the name
of wager Hat Ali he's an American guy I
discovered him recently
he writes while included in Yorktown to
the Atlantic he's hardly a conservative
but he did visit Israel recently too and
interacted with Jewish settlers on the
West Bank I was with a program by a
group called the Shalom Hartman
Institute and it's Muslim Leadership
Institute basically aims engage Muslim
leaders and Jewish thinkers so what
happened after he came back there were
campaigns against Roger Al Ali blocking
him from several speaking gigs at major
Islamic conferences including one of the
Council of American Islamic relations
which is one of the biggest
representative groups there's also the
Islamic Society of North America and
they wrote him an interesting letter
outlining their reasons for cancelling
his support I'll give you a couple of
lines our Muslim speakers are expected
to support broadly our values as a
unifying Islamic organization and to go
on there's perhaps no more unifying and
exemplary part of our community than our
support for the Palestinian people in
their struggle against dispossession and
occupation so that's what just visiting
Israel meant to these guys it was a real
active trader trading if you like what's
interesting that the israeli-palestinian
issue is really more about territory
often so why should be such a big deal
about being a Muslim why because one of
the big tensions about being a Muslim
living in the West is whether the prior
eyes national identity versus being a
Muslim first and foremost and it's
connection to the wider global Islamic
community known as the Ummah now in this
case it seems impossible to have varying
what is many respects a non-religious
issue because it's any the ultimate case
of Muslims being oppressed by Western
enemies under written by the Great Satan
that's America now this one of the key
grievances many Muslims have when they
develop more extreme views their
perception the Muslims are being
mistreated right around the world and
the reasons are because of their
religion so a Muslim in Canada America
Britain taught to feel a deeper
connection with someone from a country
you might not have much to do with more
so than their neighbor who might be
white I'd also argue Muslims donors get
worked nearly up when Muslims are being
killed by other Muslims say in Syria
Isis Pakistanis in a humorous but
unfortunate aside my namesake another 10
V R Ahmed a Pakistani shopkeeper did
exactly that
he drove several hours to murder an
Ahmadi Muslim for being essentially the
wrong kind of Muslim so the anger is
usually about who they might see as the
oppressors and whether they fit neatly
into their categories of good and evil a
trend that happens right across other
strains of identity politics as you'll
know now in this case I'm of the view
the more we talk to and humanize each
other the better off we'll all be on my
recent trip I've got a much more complex
flavor of the issues they face in Israel
and the struggles of Jewish people
however some people on on the trip had
quite anti Muslim views and really after
they spoke to me they developed their
own more nuanced if you like now I don't
know what Jed Ali but I wish him well
and can very much identify with his
experience there's no such word for it
but both him and I I guess would fall
into the category of self hating Muslims
much like self-hating Jews I'm 10
beeramid if you like this video
subscribe to rebel media
