let us all shut it here for those
Westerners who went overseas to fight
for Isis only to immediately experience
buyer's remorse you see apparently these
poor chaps evidently never read one of
Aesop's most famous fables you know that
one about the grass being greener on the
other side the UK Sun newspaper recently
published a fascinating and
unintentionally hilarious story about
wannabe jihadis who left their infidel
Western nations in order to become
soldiers of Allah overseas but a funny
thing happened on the way to the
battlefield so many of these martyrs
quickly came to the realization that
pursuing martyrdom in a shite whole
country ain't all that it's cracked up
to be
for example the son interviewed a
heavily pregnant and very pissed-off
jihadi bride from Germany now living in
a Syrian camp she now claims that her
serbian husband tricked her into joining
Isis hey gals don't you just hate it
when that happens
anyway this Frankford Fraulein has
recently changed her tune now let me
tell you for starters she says she's
done nothing wrong and even though she
joined Isis on her own volition
she's now channeling the Joshua Boyle
Bunch by saying that she was you know
kind of sort of kidnapped regardless she
dearly wants to go back to Germany even
if Merkel is still in power wow that's
harsh
and then there's Abu whale al juez re
who actually defended the actions of the
infamous Isis executioner known as
jihadi John his real name is actually
mohammed emwazi now my Z is a true
monster he decapitated American
journalist James Foley and British aid
worker David Haynes on camera but get
this Alice was re confessed that while
he knew about these killings before he
joined he
now says he's horrified by the reality
of life under Isis in fact alazhari says
all he wanted to do was quote live under
the Islamic state and learn about Sharia
but after three days I wanted to leave
end quote
and then in what might qualify as the
understatement of the decade he says
quote I understand why the European
public may not want me or any ex Isis
members back end quote oh you don't say
in fact a common thread emerges amongst
these wannabe G Hattie's first their
whiz-bang Mideast rape and pillage
vacations proved to be so appalling from
the get-go and secondly the son notes
the whining fanatics of that they spoke
to most of whom are incarcerated in
Syrian prisons now say they'd rather die
than spend another day in a Syrian jail
which apparently makes sure a proverbial
hellhole look like Club Med but in the
final analysis it also becomes apparent
that all of these dimwits failed to
comprehend the total degree of their own
loserdom for starters these guys were
supposed to be jihadis right
doesn't that mean you know blowing
yourself up to get that promised quota
of 72 voluptuous black eyed virgins but
they couldn't even do that they end up
getting captured and now wish they were
dead yet
they're now lacking the means to
complete the deal with the Grim Reaper I
mean how pathetic is that and well they
all dreamed of living under a caliphate
that embrace Sharia law it turns out
that within just a few days of touching
down from the UK or Germany or
Switzerland these wannabe Islamist tough
guys got very very homesick yeah these
badasses soon came to resemble this
there is no place like
you know folks I almost feel sorry for
these losers I almost wish that their
respective nations would dispatch
special envoys in order to repatriate
these poor tortured souls and then when
they're reunited in their non-halal
hometowns perhaps we could begin the
process of reintegrating them you know
maybe send them to poetry classes now
what am I saying
let them rot for the rebel dot media I'm
David the men's ID Menzies hey folks the
Breville has a brand new app please
download that app and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
