but when we're looking at just the raw
data the shooting rate for 2017 was the
same as 2016 at 286 and 285 respectively
it was a lot in 2015 there were 255
shootings and just 123 in 2014 it had
more than doubled in a couple of years
there was a frightening upward trend in
shootings that should have set alarm
bells off all over the place but it was
actively being downplayed at least in
the media by police administration and
that brings us to the next factor Torrey
sucked up to the Liberals to be liked by
the media and now he's living with the
consequences of those failed social
policies
John Tory's a big fan of the Liberals
supervised drug injection sites but
here's the thing about having junkies
congregate in certain locations around
your city
guess who's big into the drug-dealing
business gangs organized crime they sell
drugs they sell guns they human traffic
and sometimes they even shoot people and
when you create supervised drug
injection sites you're creating a big
fat welcome sign for gangs to move in
and speaking of welcome signs Tory's
also a big fan of Justin Trudeau's
welcome to Canada tweet you know that
tweet it welcomes every self deporting
illegal migrant from the United States
do you seek safe haven in Toronto and
I'm not even saying that illegal
migrants are part of the gang problem
but you know what the American sure are
in fact American intelligence agencies
in 2017 warned us that Somalis with
criminal records were coming across into
Canada and claiming asylum to avoid
prosecution the Americans said that
these criminals would pose security
threats to us here in Canada and just
this week Justin Trudeau shuffled his
cabinet and created a new ministry one
that specifically deals with border
security and gangs so even the federal
government thinks the two issues are
intrinsically linked but at its most
basic when you advocate for open borders
and you know what John Tory does here's
a picture of him standing in front of a
podium with open borders writ
the poster just below him you can't
control what's coming into the country
and if people can certainly just walk
across the border you know what
so can guns a lot of them that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show no one leaves behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
