I am an out-of-place not looking or
wanting a fight is now trapped at the
top of a huge building and must now save
his family from a team of mercenaries
led by a man with a European accent it
sounds like the plot of die hard well it
is but it's also the plot of skyscrapers
starting Dwayne the rock Johnson so
which movie is better let's find out I'm
Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood
now critics have said this movie may
lose money but I don't think it actually
will because of Dwayne the rock
Johnson's huge international draw in the
fact they put this plot in Hong Kong it
is crushing overseas right now it'll
probably make back it's 125 million
dollar budget
now before we compare a skyscraper to
die hard which celebrated its 30-year
anniversary this year let's just see how
this movie is for the viewers as a
viewer I give this movie a 3 out of 5
now it seems like most everybody I'm
myself all like Dwayne Johnson he's a
really fun here and for me I grew up on
Arnold Schwarzenegger Sylvester Stallone
and Bruce Willis so it's kind of fun to
see a guy just throw into these action
situations and the rock is good in this
movie now many of the set pieces look
fabulous in the building the Pearl the
movie takes place in I actually wish was
a real place it looked fantastic in the
movie and the villain was surprisingly
intimidating which I thought the villain
would definitely lack and maybe like
this but he was at least intimidating
and serviceable for this plot however
after about an hour of CGI fire and
seeing side-characters go on random
things and do things that really take
away from the story and stretch it out
it really bogs down a movie that should
have been a 90-minute fun action flick
as a critic i'ma give this movie a 2 out
of 5 now don't get me wrong if you like
the rock you will probably like this
movie but the movie does so many things
to slow itself down to trip over itself
it does way too many over-the-top lines
that are just completely out of place
you know they're placing that in there
to come up again later in the movie
they're also telling you how you the
characters feel and the way they act
constantly it's more explaining it to
you suddenly you see the whole movie
played out and there's a lot of
foreshadowing going on where they're
showing you things that are going to
take place or that are gonna be used
later in the movie happening constantly
well some characters that are completely
meaningless that are only there to serve
specific points that they just wanted to
include in the movie that didn't do
anything to actually improve the story
now my faith in values is a 4 out of 5
the best part of this movie what worked
the best is the same thing that works so
good in the first diehard the motivation
of the lead character it was the love
for his family and family something that
was really hammered home throughout this
movie - showed a great loving
relationship between two parents doing
everything possible to save their
children that aspect the movie was done
really well now is this movie die hard
well obviously not and I can just see
the producers telling Ross and Thurber
the writer of this movie okay we want
die hard but just make it bigger better
and more explosions oh and we need more
side characters too so we can shovel in
some screen service and don't make the
lead guy so much of a solo hero alright
more people need to do more stuff and
he's like oh
okay we'll take the Nakatomi building
that's a really tall huge building Los
Angeles we'll put it in Hong Kong and
make it the biggest building in the
world ever oh and this time we won't
have some average Joe New York cop no no
no this time we'll take an ex-military
FBI hostage incursion specialist and
then we throw him in the tower
oh yeah and not just his wife stuck
natera no let's have his wife and I his
twin children there too and this time
we'll light the building on fire
boom still not enough sprinkles on top
of that script but we'll also make him
an amputee and really hit it home and
this actually gave him some backlash to
for Dwayne to play an amputee in the
movie which I personally don't see
anything at all wrong with but what I
didn't like about the movie was was used
so little it was never really needed or
talked about ever again it just came off
really gimmicky and didn't add anything
to the story whatsoever I think it
actually would have been better if that
distraction wasn't there all in all
skyscraper is a decent movie worth a
watch to some people and no it is not
die hard but it does make you want to
watch it again
and another fantastic news you can now
download the rebel up and take me with
you wherever you go to get exclusive
content in the entire rebel lineup
you
