make no mistake when the left accuses
Facebook of bending too far to appease
concerns of conservatives it is an
attempt to silence even more people the
left are insatiable because they are
ideologues I mean they don't care about
reason logic truth or compassion they
are pushing a political agenda and
they'll take every opportunity they can
get to advance it that's why the claim
that Facebook is doing too much to
appease conservatives is absolutely
laughable and an obvious political
maneuver for the far left to push
Facebook even further to the left at a
congressional hearing on Tuesday
representative David Sicily and claimed
Facebook had bent over backwards to
placate and mollify conservatives Sicily
was dismayed in part by the fact that
Facebook retained two former Republican
senator Jon Kyl to advise the company on
its potential bias against conservative
voices a sensible move on Facebook's
part and one long overdue but a wild and
crazy over-the-top and excessive
decision according to the far left the
very fact that Facebook was willing to
do the bare minimum in a gesture towards
potentially stopping anti conservative
bias was enough for the Huffington Post
and BuzzFeed news to criticize the
platform's deference to conservatives
BuzzFeed news editor Ben Smith
criticized a private meeting between
publishing executives and Facebook
claiming Facebook was being overly
deferential to conservatives and when
will this madness end perhaps only when
every single conservative page has been
removed from the platform I mean let's
be honest about this the left are going
insane that the hugely popular Infowars
hasn't been removed from the social
media platforms Facebook is criticized
by major news outlet editors when it
dares to have meetings with conservative
publishers and if the social media
company is willing to hire somebody and
a gesture towards eradicating anti
conservative bias which they never will
then the left goes into meltdown am I to
believe that if Facebook was willing to
shut down the rebel Breitbart or even
small Christian and conservative news
sites that the left would oppose that
I don't think so or would the left
respond with a mixture of shrug
shoulders and shrieks of delight and if
those outlets go what about
conservatives on Facebook with private
profiles would they be allowed to stay
probably not
they have been getting banned like crazy
the idea that Facebook is bending over
backwards to appease conservatives is
ludicrous they do everything they can to
appease anyone who opposes conservative
values even appeasing Islamists who
denied the Holocaust and after recent
grillings at Senate hearings Zuckerberg
is more keen than ever to attempt to
appear moderate and unbiased but he
isn't and he never will be Facebook has
put our own rebel page at risk and we
know one day they're going to find a way
to get rid of all of our dissenting
voices that's why the work we do
collectively is more important than ever
the memes the interviews the articles
and commentaries when we are true to
ourselves when we report accurately and
when we expose the mainstream press
using social media platforms we are
facilitating a real political revolution
we are shocking the old-timers in these
industries and appealing to a whole new
generation of people who will walk away
from the far left and that is why the
far left won't stop until we're silenced
and why they're lying about Facebook
bending over backwards to appease us if
you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team like and
subscribe
you
