hey good afternoon it is Friday July
20th I'm David Menzies filling in for
Ezra Levant and this is battleground
hey good afternoon I'm David Menzies
filling in for Ezra Levant and this is
battleground
well yes where is it
I know folks bear with me we just have
another technical glitch what a way to
end the week but mr. producer number one
is busily fixing it and there we go we
have muted the computer we I didn't know
that was on my apologies you know it can
only go up from here right I think on
Tuesday when it was my first time this
week it was a passable performance
according to the producers Wednesday mr.
producer number two said that was really
really rough and he meant it I could
tell by the look in his eyes now
Thursday it was hey good job good job
man Zoid so on Friday I was really
hoping to knock it out of the park but
already off to a I don't know pop-up to
shallow left field anyways folks let's
get on with it shall we as you know Ezra
is just now coming back from the UK he's
been covering the Tommie trial nothing
to report there except for the fact of
course that a decision shall be made at
the end of July a bit of a long time if
he asked me I think it's a slam dunk I
know you're not supposed to use that
kind of terminology in the legal
community but even if it isn't
and since Tommy's no threat as I've said
over and over again let the guy out
already he's not any kind of threat to
the public and so if you do want to
contribute by the way I have to plug
this for Tommy's legal costs it is save
Tommy calm that is save Tommy calm even
if you can chip in a buck or two or five
every single penny is going towards
Tommy's legal fees and they are
considerable and if you want to help
Ezra with his expenses it's a completely
separate fundraising endeavor it is
Tommy Trial calm that's Tommy trial calm
because we are not taking a single
Schilling from the save Tommy dot-com
fundraiser for Tommy himself
that is strictly for Tommy's expenses
and speaking of expenses that is very
expensive going to London especially on
last-minute folks so if you have it in
your hearts to give we really appreciate
that and on the free side of things if
you want to get your free Tommy ringtone
please go to Tommy ringtone comm you can
download that there that doesn't cost
you anything and of course you can tweet
hashtag free Tommy to show your support
there so there you have it
well lots to talk about today the one of
the things that grabbed my eye this week
is Sue Ann Levy who is one of my
favorite journalists in Canada yes in
the mainstream media there are still
those who care and who tell the truth
and who are great at their jobs and Jo
Warmington is certainly one of them we
had him on the show earlier this week
and my other favorite Sun columnist is
Sue Ann levy and she has been doing a
series and it is a real eye-opener it is
incredibly disturbing to say the least
but it's quite profound and it's in if
you want to google this and read
sueanne's
work just put in progressive discipline
turn some Toronto schools into hell
holes there's another one tough kids
lacks administration make for high
school hell you see where this is going
folks and before I get into the well
here's the here it is in a nutshell
basically at the Toronto District School
Board which is about as far left as it's
ever been in its history there really is
no discipline anymore and you have kids
smoking marijuana under the stairwells
of school who are threatening teachers
and other students who are carrying out
threats against students and teachers
and even the principal and I mean
physical threats and they can't do
anything it seems there it is literally
a
case of the inmates running the asylum
and if a teacher even has the temerity
to defend him or herself you can expect
you can expect a disciplinarian hearing
it is out of control
what is very important about sueanne's
piece I think is that we have heard
these stories in the past folks and I
have spoken to teachers too and I've you
know clamored for them to come on the
record and tell their stories and they
say well you know what we we really
can't you know we don't want to rock the
boat we don't want to get on the bad
side of the the teachers union Teachers
Union by the way in sueanne's peace have
been completely absent they still
haven't given her a comment and so
they've been cowered into silence but I
think we're at a breaking point because
several teachers are coming forward and
they're saying what a dangerous place
some of these Toronto schools have
turned into and when it comes to calling
the cops there are no cops to call
everyone in the administration in the
teachers union at the school board is
holding their nose and turning a blind
eye and saying nothing to see here folks
so before we get more into this Sue Ann
levy had a fantastic video with a
teacher Sean Goldman and he I think
we're gonna run a clip of that it's
about a minute and a half long and he's
going to outline just some of the
absolute egregious nonsense he and his
colleagues have to put up with at his
Scarborough school it's disgusting
what's going on to this to the staff and
the staff are being physically assaulted
I don't think there's any other job I
can think of I mean other than cops
maybe but I mean cops having weapons
they can defend themselves teachers
can't and in fact if a teacher actually
does defend himself
then you get into trouble as a teacher
that I know who you know said stop it
when he was being physically assaulted
and actually grabbed a kid by the arm
who's facing criminal charges right now
assault charges he's facing the assault
charges and it's disgusting that that
this the bull
will not step up and say teachers we've
got your back for sure it's the board's
policy I mean yeah you can talk about
the problems with this kid or that kid
but overall if the if you don't have a
strong disciplinary policy and this is
what the issue was that kids would be
committing acts of violence destroying
property in the school they go down
physically assaulting by their other
students or staff they would get sent
down to the office and and coddled and
given a lollipop and sent back to class
and that's what progressive discipline
is and that policy was brought in under
the Liberal government and I'm hoping
that the new government will look at the
route where they said they were
reviewing the math curriculum and I hope
that they're gonna review the the
disciplinary there should be suspensions
if a student dares to put their hand on
a teacher that kid should be out of this
school yes how you dig in that
liberalism that progressive approach to
education now and Sean Goldman isn't the
only one to step forward in her piece
yesterday suanne levy spoke to an auto
shop teacher rob ball who is also
talking about what he has been going
through in his colleagues and mr. ball
came up with a very important point he
spoke to the school resource officers
program which was eliminated by the
Toronto District School Board this past
year what this was folks is that those
schools where there was a lot of these
bullies these melk intents these kids
that they're not there to learn they're
there to wreak havoc when everyone else
the Toronto District School Board would
have a police officer at these schools
and guess what in the presence of a
uniformed officer the discipline and
would return to these schools because
you had a literal cop at the school and
some of these things that they're doing
these are criminal code violations but
guess what happened yeah black lives
matter Toronto they went on a campaign
and the
actually convinced the nutty trustees on
the Toronto District School Board that
this was somehow I don't know racist to
have cups at these at-risk schools and
the program was eliminated even though
the majority of parents want it there
even though I would suggest the majority
of kids that are that which is to say
those kids who are going to school and
want to learn and don't want to be
bullied and no one have a bunch of thugs
shaking them down for their lunch money
they had no problem with this but
because black lives matter Toronto want
something we live in a city now where
what black lives matter Toronto what's
black lives tronto gets and that
includes the basically banning cups from
the gay pride parade - meanwhile we have
another summer of the gun a
disproportionate number of the gunman
and victims are black and where is black
lives matter when it comes to black on
black violence and homicide they the
radio silence from this group ladies and
gentlemen right now is deafening
so you know it I don't understand when
we you know you go to these schools and
you see signs on the wall and it says
zero tolerance for bullying yet
when the bullies go beyond bullying
they're actually breaking laws where's
the hammer where's the discipline well
we don't want to stigmatize anyone we
don't want to hurt anyone's feelings I'm
assuming that's the ostensibly policy
reason behind not you know not having
any kind of discipline in these schools
and I assume that because as Sue Ann
levy says in her story the
representatives of the entero secondary
school teachers Federation have promised
to get in contact with her about this
and guess what
still haven't come up with some kind of
a solution so this is a shameful thing
and thankfully
take my hat off to mr. Goldman into mr.
ball because these two teachers have the
testicular testicular fortitude to step
forward and to speak about this issue
whereas for years and years and years it
has been absolute radio silence but like
I said earlier folks I guess the
situation where you're actually
experiencing physical harm at your
workplace when it gets to that point
what other choice do you have
but at least to speak out and let's go
to the chat board and see what we have
here from D Michael le left as teachers
reaping what they sell how do you spell
shuttin froude well you know what shred
and Freud is that German term where you
take pleasure in the suffering of others
I don't know I don't that's not where
I'm coming from on this I'm thinking of
those teachers who really do want to do
their job and those students who really
want to learn and I would suggest at
least for the you know those people it
surely would think that would be the
majority it is that progressive minority
that is ruining things for everyone I'm
not taking any pleasure in seeing any
one teacher student or principal getting
threatened with violence or actually
being physically assaulted in a school
no joy in that and all we need is some
discipline to get things back in order
again we have a super chat from C 180 to
OPR it's $5 Canadian
thank you so much for your generation up
your generosity sir with all due respect
the teachers unions have been supporting
the Liberal Party and their progressive
agenda for years Karma's a bitch I guess
you know you're right and but you know I
have to tell you like rats abandoning a
sinking ship if memory serves this
current election going back to June they
switch their support to the NDP even
though the Liberal Party of Ontario has
given the teachers unions I would argue
just about everything everything they
could possibly ask for to create to make
a union block out of those teachers
unions and yet when they got a within
the air that regime change was
inevitable it was thanks but what have
you done for me lately so talk about
Fairweather friends okay then we have
from our o junkie he's responding to
Tony naggy kids have respect white kids
respect non-whites blacks respect blacks
Chinese respect Chinese every kid has
respect laughing out loud well I don't
think respect should be racially based
folks but I would say this in the
absence of respect if it's not gonna
come voluntarily
you have to bring in the cops you know
and I don't mean that in the literal
sense although perhaps it gets to that
stage but you have to lay down the line
you have to suspend them you have to
expel them and I'm sorry if that means
though what about the kids we leave
behind well if you're Cao telling to
those kids that are causing a toxic
environment for the vast majority of
students I can live with that rather
than spoiling the entire bunch which is
what we see happening right now and
let's see just from much more rent and
neither the teachers nor the
administration are worthy of respect
they have allowed themselves to become
human doormats well I would say the
administration in terms of the Toronto
District School Board in terms of the
trustees running the Toronto District
School Board they don't get their hands
dirty do they they're in their ivory
towers and they're preaching their kind
of socialism and their progressive
values but they're not on the front
lines they're not being told to F off by
a student they're not having a student
whip out a marijuana cigarette in the
school and stinking the joint out
they're not being assaulted so yeah
they're they're very happy with their
progressive ideals when they're
insulated from the reality as for those
teachers yeah there's some teachers that
have undergone the cone of silence and
that's that's just that that's
disgraceful as a matter of fact but to
these teachers at least two of them in
Tsuen levies columns we have to take our
hat off to them because they are rocking
the boat ladies and gentlemen I can tell
you that the entero secondary school
teachers Federation is not happy about
these stories getting into the media and
hopefully these teachers are not going
to be disciplined but you know what if
they do it wouldn't surprise me and Jeff
McGill says teachers unions are like
ex-wife's in a modern divorce your kids
are held hostage to the person that pays
ya and the person that pays in this case
is of course the taxpayers and also from
Chuck they outsource my union job union
in quotes
now outsource the teachers unions next I
would agree with that I I've long said
that what is the idea what what is the
the concept of having a public sector
union when you have a monopoly on
delivering that service I think the very
idea that there are public sector unions
is perverse and if we didn't have these
unions that would be a big layer of fat
lopped off the taxpayer dime and we'd
also maybe have some people that can
enact rules and discipline when the
inmates are running the asylum and by
the way I'm happy to if anyone is
experiencing this kind of you know
situation with their kids schools
because I know Sue Ann levy she was
interviewed on radio and she said she's
had calls from London Ontario to the
Maritime
with people getting in touch with her
and saying these kind of situations are
also happening at my kids school so it's
certainly not an isolated incident and
from much Marant remember the movie
class of 80 1984 following trends in the
American education system is the last
thing we want to do you can think the
begin t win liberals for this you know
what I think I did see that movie class
of 1984 in 1984 I can't remember it I
guess it couldn't have been that much of
a profound film but on your other point
yeah this is the handiwork of the
McGinty win government and their 15
years of vandalism it wasn't just to the
economic books my friends it was to the
school system as well and again with
regime change in Ontario maybe with the
Progressive Conservatives and power
under Doug Ford the education ministry
is not gonna put up with this and Evan's
our rights every sanctuary city will end
up similar to San Fran and you know what
I think that's what the schools are
becoming if you read into sueanne's
pieces they're like sanctuary cities no
one is illegal no one can break a rule
no one can be disciplined does that
sound like a learning environment to you
I would suggest no anyhow please feel
free to weigh in on that and also in the
news this this broke last night folks
the Christine Moore yes Christine where
she is back in the news if the name
rings a bell
it should I'm not gonna say anything
more we're gonna run a little clip of an
excerpt of as okay that that's upcoming
Ezra Levent went on a rant about
Christie more when she initially got
into some hot water and that kind of I
think frames the story and explains the
story to a great degree and then I'm
gonna weigh in on what the latest is so
here is Ezra on the lovely Christine
or Kirkland says when he arrived at
Moore's office she offered him Ginny and
persisted even after he told her he was
taking antidepressants and painkillers
and was not supposed to be drinking
she's a nurse he says and I thought I
was I suppose if she's a nurse and says
it's okay it is there were a few more
drinks and it became clear Moore's
intentions went beyond a professional
interest in this case that night he says
she
I think that was cut off prematurely
folks so I'll just explain the rest of
the story Christie Moore is someone
who's always made herself out to be a
victim of harassment and then it came to
light that a veteran mr. Kirkland was
his allegation is that he was being
harassed by Christine worm himself he
was a soldier he was testifying at a
hearing and he was taking medication the
story goes that they went back to a
hotel room she plied him with liquor he
was he thought he was in a situation
where she was a position of authority
and he acquiesced to her demands and
then he came public with his story when
she was getting all this publicity about
other people harassing her so he thought
it was a bit of a double standard here
was a harasser that was claiming she was
the harass e
well guess what last night NDP MP r MP
more cleared of inappropriate conduct
she remains in caucus and it's an
astounding story because folks when you
look at the investigation and it's
really something because I don't think
I've ever seen an investigation quite
like this because namely when they did
the investigation they never took an
interview from mr. Kirkland so you have
an investigation about the alleged
perpetrator of this inappropriate
conduct she's interviewed but the
investigating team doesn't take mr.
kirklands comments how how is that even
possible and not only that in the
Department of nothing to see here folks
that is a truism for sure because the
report itself guess what it will not be
public so so much for the transparency
NDP leader jugni Singh keeps talking
about so much for his comment that he
always believes a survivor well didn't
happen in this case did it I think you
know who's to say what really happened
between those two people but certainly I
think what any reasonable person can
agree to is that you can't have an
investigation in which the victim is not
interviewed now what they're saying is
well you know we we looked at his
comments that he made in the media but
no that's not right I'm sure there was
there were far more comments far more
details mr. Kirkland could give but I
guess it just doesn't matter - and Timmy
writes more was given a pass this isn't
right
you know I don't know if it's right or
wrong I just think but I can tell you
this the investigation is a hundred
percent flawed and if it isn't flawed
then why not make the results public it
smacks of a cover-up to me and let's see
we have Jughead is a terrorist
sympathizer that's from J O'Shea well
you know you know yeah in a way he is
and I think it comes down to the Air
India bombing in which jug meat Singh
has never really come out and condemned
the the movement for a separate seek
state in India the callous tanning
movement and there are all he's being an
apologist for that and remember this was
the single biggest act of terrorism that
was conceived of on Canadian soil and he
continues to beat around the bush about
the callous to any element and it's
shameful and it should get more press
than it it currently gets
and we have here for like the east wind
there should be no past due to gender
well you know what good point
is this because more is female is that
what tipped the scales in this
investigation because going back to mr.
Singh's lines that he always believes a
survivor that he mean to say he always
believes the female survivor looks like
that to me so far and john zealand
writes was there even investigation
smells fishy well there was an
investigation i guess we'll have to take
their word for it how detailed it was
how competent it was remains to be seen
and they could answer those questions by
making it public and guess what they're
not so again so much for transparency
and there you go
okay so feel free to weigh in on the MP
more being cleared of all inappropriate
conduct for me I'm not buying it and
here's something on the lighter side if
we can call it that I caught this story
the other day the headline was this Tom
Brady body shamed now Tom Brady is as
you know if you follow football probably
one of the greatest quarterbacks of all
time I think he's got five Super Bowl
ranks he's got a super model for a wife
he's got a super bank account worth
probably in the hundreds of millions
with his contracts and endorsements and
yet the troll faction was out there
commenting on him and wearing his swim
trunks at a in Costa Rica I believe and
I'm wondering if my mr. producer team
has a photo yep there we have it and now
I don't know about you folks I don't
think that's a male body to be ashamed
of
it looks fine by me but I guess there's
this
I don't know preconceived idea of what
the himbo should look like that's the
male version of the bimbo I suppose and
you've got to have that
regular action-figure six-pack which mr.
Brady is missing well I don't think you
need a six-pack to play quarterback in
the NFL and you don't have to be overly
muscular I know Tom Brady has made a
point of not excessively working out and
becoming muscle-bound because it would
actually hurt his game but you know I'll
tell ya I if I had a physique like that
well let me tell you about myself I mean
I actually do folks have a washboard
stomach under my shirt here
it's just that it's got 20 pounds of
laundry on it right now so I would kill
for Tom Brady's body and yet the
comments of people talking about Brady I
think I wrote some of them down if I can
find them but if you go to social media
you can find them out for yourself
they're actually kind of shocking and
hopefully I can find that on some of the
paper written on here but please weigh
in what do you think and I'd like to put
that oh it's on the screen here too Tom
Brady is lying about his diet his body
is trash still laughing out loud I don't
know is that a trashy body weight
this is Brady's body that looks like my
body not expecting my superhero to look
like me well you know what maybe that's
part of the problem folks if that
fellow's calling Tom Brady a superhero
if you pick up superhero comics
everyone's got that you know pristine
body figure they are all rippling with
muscles
they've all got six-packs but you know
what that's we're talking about a real
man in the real world so he's not a
cartoon superhero and I'm sorry if
you're offended by the fact that he
doesn't have biceps on triceps and this
glistening six-pack of muscles in his
abdomen but he still love him or hate
him I mean I know he's got his fans he's
got his detractors you can't argue that
he isn't one of the best quarterbacks in
the history of the NFL perhaps the best
and maybe that opens up
another debate too we have a super chat
here and it's from Ezra's first
irregular one-pound 99
did you read did you see cop response to
Khan Pig balloon London I did not
please Ezra's first a regulars weigh-in
what was the conference once I can only
imagine what the cot responds I bet they
weren't happy I speculated that if they
ever got that calm balloon going not
only would it be grounded but whoever
came up with the idea or ever was
present on the ground ready to launch it
would probably be charged with a hate
crime but I haven't seen a story about
that hopefully you're going to prove my
prediction wrong but please weigh in on
this and again from Tammy we have
nothing wrong with Brady's physique
anyone noticed Justin's manboobs when he
was photographed jogging topless after
kokanee groper hit the media you know
what
Tammy there's nothing that makes me
divert my eyes more than man boobs don't
mind the other kind of boobs I got to
tell you I guess that makes me a sexist
in our new world order but you know
funny enough just did a commentary
yesterday on this there is a Justin
Trudeau doll that you can buy from the
Bradford exchange it's 130 dollars plus
shipping and handling and given what
happened in kokanee I imagine there's a
lot of handling in that order but when
you look at that doll which of course is
made in China plastic he has an
incredible physique do you think there
might be some falsehood in terms of
truth in advertising going on there that
may be and I wonder if Justin had a role
in the creation of the doll I wonder if
he said I mean if Tammy is correct that
he's got man boobs he says can you can
you get rid of that now looking at that
you know what I gotta be honest don't
like Justin Trudeau don't like his
politics don't like his inane quote I
don't think that's a bad body but the
fact of the matter is we're not electing
prime ministers based on their
physicality we're
electing them hopefully based on what's
up here and I don't think there's much
up there when it comes to Justin Trudeau
anyways not sure if the manboobs of
Justin are showing on those on that
picture now back to Ezra's first two
regulars loads of cups surrounded a
woman with AK on face on a pig balloon
the protesters saved the flag but the
cop sent in horses to quell the mood
have the footage would love to see that
footage and would love to know what
happened to the pig balloon did it ever
yet launched but I'll look into that
story that's worth pursuing and I guess
if even if it never got launched the UK
being the UK these days with just nine
hundred police officers in London alone
nine hundred folks monitoring the
internet for impolite chatter and then
showing up your house at 4:00 a.m. to
make arrests for something impolite said
on social media it would be kind of
surprising almost that somebody with a
pig balloon
identified as mr. Khan wouldn't get
charged and hastily convicted of a hate
crime such as the mood in the UK when it
comes to enacting the law and again back
to the the Tom Brady incident Tammy
writes it again David where is the
Sophie doll with gold-plated microphone
I would actually say where is Sophie
herself so often
she's as she seems to be AWOL I wonder
if Sophie this is complete speculation
I wonder if Sophie is just being in a
tortured State in that relationship with
Justin Trudeau kind of like how Margaret
had to deal with Pierre Trudeau I don't
think that was a very happy marriage
either
and let's see today just looking for a
few more comments and from Tony naggy
Brady's last season I think I think he
might be right about that - he doesn't
need the money
and
the NFL is a brutal game in which in any
game you can risk a career-ending injury
and I say this if you've accomplished
your goals and I would say five Super
Bowls yeah that's a pretty big goal get
out while the goings good get out while
you have all your marbles intact and
you're not you know concussed into
irrelevance II so but even Brady at his
age that catches up with you so it might
be Tom Brady's last season indeed that
is is anyone still into the NFL though
I'm still a little upset over their
national anthem policy basically the NFL
didn't crack the whip they're basically
saying if you want to take a knee you do
it in the dressing room out of camera
range what they should have said is none
row you stand at attention but even that
I understand has got the Players Union
filing a grievance they want to show
their disrespect on camera and by the
way a lot of people say oh you know you
right-of-center people you free speech
people you're always going on about free
speech and you're always going on about
the First Amendment this idea of taking
a knee during the national anthem as
I've said before folks this is not a
First Amendment issue this is not a free
speech issue what I liken it to say you
had a I don't know a job at an auto
dealership and you decided you know for
no reason whatsoever that you're gonna
take a knee for a couple of minutes
while you're on the clock you know what
you can get on your knee before work and
after work and at your house and at the
park and what-have-you but while you're
on the clock and these guys are on the
clock the moment they're in the stadium
you follow the rules and this was such a
enact a brazen act of disrespect and
remember this is the NFL this is a
league that wraps itself in patriotism
it has the US Air Force do flybys over
its arena look at the NFL logo it is
essentially a stylized American flag
with a foot
all in it so they wrapped herself in
patriotism and the national anthem and
the Stars and Stripes
on one hand and then on the other hand
they let this kind of lunacy take place
and all they had to do was change the
rule because really there was no rule
having making it a requirement for
players to stand and probably I thought
I think that it's a matter of they never
thought they needed a rule I mean it's
so preposterous that these
multi-millionaire athletes are taking a
knee they probably never even thought
there'd ever be a reason to have a rule
requiring them to stand at attention but
clearly that isn't the case given their
behavior and they don't like this
wishy-washy approach to it and like I
said not a freedom of speech issue and
by the way speaking of freedom speech
how about this why don't all those NFL
players there most of them are
multimillionaires
why don't they pull their money and hey
buy some advertising during the game buy
a 30 second or 60 second ad spot I think
the rates start at several hundred
thousand per 30-second segment so in
other words chump change for a
collective of them and produce a
professional ad where they clearly state
what it is they're protesting because
right now folks I don't even know what
they're Pro I don't think even some vent
or what they're protesting so if they
can articulate what this kneeling during
the anthem is with an ad I totally
respect that
that is freedom of speech in action not
when you're taking a knee on the field
before the game and let's see if we have
some chatter about that from toxic chat
NFL needs some changes they need to jack
these guys up on steroids then go back
to the leather helmets well you know I
think some of them are already jacked up
on the premium steroids it's just a
matter of not getting caught it's about
using the right masking agents leather
helmets you know you raise a very
interesting point will the NFL in a
generation or two even look like the NFL
of today
with the concussion problem is so
fundamental and what you have are people
upper class people middle class people
they're pulling their kids out of
football it's become too unsafe you have
schools in the u.s. canceling their
football programs because the insurance
costs are now you know in the
stratosphere
they can't afford it forget about the
equipment it's just paying those
insurance premiums that have made it
unreasonable so where is this pool of
new talent for the NFL going to come
from in the years ahead this is the
profound problem that the NFL should be
addressing and maybe it's an equipment
issue maybe some of this equipment that
makes these guys look like Robocop's on
a football field
maybe that has to be addressed and I'm
not sure if the answer is to go back to
leather helmets from almost a century
ago but certainly they're what a waste
of time and effort talking about the
national anthem when this is their real
skin in the game the future of the game
given their the concussion issue and
what else do we have
Tony naggy writes NFL should have a
clear rule no political sign and if you
want to make that political sign like I
said Tony take out an ad on the
broadcast put your money where your
mouth is what a concept they but I'll
tell you I would totally respect that
and Chuck McGill rights even Tour star
is saying Trump is right China needs to
pay more for NATO that is a subject not
American football no one watches now
well two points it's not a matter of no
one watches but ratings and attendance
in the last two seasons have fallen that
is absolutely true
and as for I can't remember the other
point but I will go back to it when I
remember it I guess I've been concussed
and look at this I got a desk job
see how prevalent it is and Nolan
Baptiste says well I'm happy the NFL is
going to find the players yeah
let's I'll believe it when I see it and
well that I think is maybe one of the
reasons to tune in at least in the early
part of the season is to see if the NFL
is going to clamp down on those who have
the temerity to still defy them on the
anthem issue and magical girl rights
don't worry those cheerleaders are
working two jobs I is that a.m. is that
a dig at that democrat candidate cortez
that everybody is working two jobs in
the u.s. which of course is false it's
really six to seven million americans
are working two jobs in the u.s. it's
about a hundred and forty eight million
americans are working one job but
because she's a socialist and a
progressive it's what she feels is right
is the fact of the matter not what the
facts say at least according to the
Labor Bureau I assume that's what you're
talking about
and since works writes who wants to
watch gay male cheerleaders are there
any male cheerleaders NFL I don't think
so but it wouldn't be what I want to
watch why doesn't the rebel cover
Canadian sports and that came from IDI
be we know what we have that discussion
here I think we should have some kind of
a sports show here and if you want to
weigh in folks but not just you know he
gives 110 percent and my job is to put
the puck in the net in the biscuit in
the basket and all that kind of
psychobabble cliche O Matic sports
drivel but a show that looks at when
sports intersects with politics and that
is happening more and more in fact
that's why we're talking about the NFL
right now it used to be the NFL I should
think on a Sunday it's it in your easy
chair have a beer sit back relax you're
getting into a fantasy world of you know
fun and games and then you got to bring
out you know the anthem and disrespect
to it and disrespecting the veterans
and that's why people are shutting off
the TV that's not what they want to buy
and maybe the NFL is getting that
message but if anyone else wants to
weigh in nay or nay I will pass on the
tally of the votes to Ezra and ask them
to consider a sport show a sports
politics show I think because Ezra's not
really into sports but that's okay we
have other people here who are in the
sports I think it would be a good idea
and Patrick Mack says it is an excellent
idea so there you are
I think that's taking it and here's
toxic chat curling with Menzies oh boy
could you imagine how boring that would
be are there any political curling
stories by the way I'm sure it's only a
matter of time and Ed B says local
sports not sure what that means
check Miguel says Halifax wants a CFL
team I suggest they call them the Rough
Riders you know what they should but I
think somebody owns the trademark in the
US I think it's a mr. Chen from when he
owned the Ottawa Roughriders but I
always thought that was so perverse that
in a nineteen League of the CFL there
were two teams out of nine that had the
SiC the same nickname Rough Riders I
know one of the Spelling's was one word
and one was hyphenated I can't remember
which was which but now we just have one
Rough Riders but why not have a league
with three or four teams in called Rough
Riders and chuckle McGill writes I don't
think they destroyed lacrosse yet Chuck
I'm so happy you brought up Canada's
official summer sport it used to be
Canada's official sport period and then
they amended that in the in Parliament
so that we recognized hockey as our
official winter sport La Crosse as our
official summer sport if you are in a
city that has a lacrosse team a
professional lacrosse team in Toronto is
the rock this is by far the biggest bang
for your sports but you know for maybe
twenty or thirty dollars you'll get an
excellent seat and you will see a level
of athleticism that is off the charts
and more to the point folks
a lot of these lacrosse players they are
this is not their day job they are cops
they are emergency service personnel
they are you know busting their arse out
there and taking a headache tablets in
the aftermath for the love of the game
not for the pursuit of contract you are
not going to get rich playing
professional lacrosse but they wear
their heart on their sleeves and I'm
begging you folks if you go to a
professional lacrosse game for just to
check it out once I guarantee you 99 out
of 100 times you're gonna go back and
enjoy it again so thank you for Chuck
lacrosse gets overlooked and they they
don't deserve to to endure that and Evan
seller says lacrosse is the most violent
sport on earth oh it's it is a violent
game indeed well I probably think we've
so we've gone from Tom Brady body
shaming to NFL anthems to lacrosse but
thank you for those who support my
fervent hope that the rebel one day
we'll have a sports show and by the way
it won't be like the sports shows you
see on the sports networks where it's
pretty faces because I don't have a
pretty face but basically Ken and Barbie
dolls talking about sports as though
it's dead serious that they dare not say
anything that's politically incorrect
that they dare not rock the boat used to
have that in the sports broadcasting
world does anyone ever remember dick
Meadows I mean this guy could rattle
cages like no other
a guy like dick battles would never get
hired today and all we have left is Don
Cherry you know he is the only one of
his kind that I can think of that is
still in Canada or still still actively
employed and what does it tell you that
he is still actively employed well it
tells me this Don Cherry's Coaches
Corner is perhaps the not perhaps it is
the most eight minutes of watch TV in
Canada every Saturday night so even
though the CBC poobahs
can't stand his opinions and he's
actually on a seven second delay because
you remember when he went to bat for the
troops in Afghanistan oh you know the
CBC was saying well we don't want to get
into politics and sport we don't do that
let me tell you this if Don Cherry had
condemned the mission in Afghanistan the
CBC Pumas would be doing this that's
right now Don Cherry's on a seven second
delay and Casey
ever goes off the sports reservation
every game ever again what a disgrace
so anyways we'll see what people say
about a sports show as you weigh in on
that now another story that broke this
morning and I have to ask are we ready
for this are we a dolt enough for this
well the provinces are agreeing to raise
a personal exemption for inter
provincial booze sales which means that
if these go through folks individuals
can out will be able to bring six cases
of beer across and into provincial
border two cases of wine six liters of
spirits oh goodness gracious could this
be the end of the world as we know it
you know I mean there is so much talk
right now in terms of trade disputes in
terms of a new NAFTA agreement if there
is going to be a new NAFTA agreement and
I just find it absolutely perverse that
in our country of Canada this idea that
you can't bring what are the current
regulations I think it's two cases of
beer over a provincial border without
you know being charged if you're caught
committing such an offence I mean for
goodness sakes 150 years ago didn't we
level mountains and install thousands of
kilometres of train tracks to open up
into provincial commerce in this great
Dominion and so what's the problem if I
go to Quebec and I buy a few cases of
beer and a few bottles of spirits and
bring it into say New Brunswick well
what the problem is of course
is that these provinces have provincial
liquor monopolies control boards and oh
boy are they ever about control and
controlling the revenue that they get
from the exorbitant taxes that they
charge on liquor that's what it's all
about but it shouldn't be about that I
as a Canadian should be absolutely free
to go to BC and buy several cases of BC
wine and bring it home with me
with no problem I mean if I went to a BC
shopping mall and I bought a hundred
pairs of blue jeans nobody would bat an
eyelash but when liquors involved oh no
no no no there there are these rules you
know governments here to protect us from
ourselves so this is a baby step but it
is a baby step in the right direction
and it should go through I don't see any
reason for it not to go through and I
think the the only jurisdictions that
were against this were New Brunswick the
Northwest Territories and Newfoundland
and Labrador and certainly there was
that case I'm going by memory now folks
it was somebody that was charged in New
Brunswick for exceeding his beer limit
for Barry bought into Quebec and I think
that went if memory serves to the
Supreme Court I thought it was going to
be a decision for him at that level and
it wasn't but if you remember that case
and you want to fill me in on the
details I'm just going by my wonky
memory right now I seem to remember
that's how it played out so let us see
if anyone wants to talk about
interprovincial booze so far not by the
Oh hear from Evan Sauer I'm so sick of
monopolies in Canada when will we ever
be free from them you know Canada or the
authorities the apparatus in Canada Evan
they love monopolies it's Twitter that's
ever been this and you're right when it
comes to
I mean you know in most provinces you
have a liquor monopoly you have a casino
monopoly you of a lottery ticket
monopoly now with booze being legalized
and boy that's going to be a jolly thing
right you're gonna have a cannabis
monopoly I think in Ontario they're
opening 38 stores can you imagine that
38 LCBO stores to be Ontario cannabis
stores remember the on 1000 Ontario
cannabis logo I mean that this shows you
how off to a winning start they are they
paid an advertising agency I think it
was in the neighborhood of $600,000 for
the Ontario cannabis stores logo I don't
know if my mister producer team can find
that logo if they can later in the show
we should show it to you folks this logo
it's a black and white logo it looks
like it was done on an etch-a-sketch by
a ten-year-old and that cost hundreds of
thousands of dollars so already they're
off to a brilliant start but here's the
thing government's role when it comes to
casinos and lottery tickets and alcohol
and soon to be marijuana you regulate it
and you tax it but you know what you
don't get into the retailing of it you
don't get into the warehousing of it you
don't get into the advertising of it and
look my crack team has put it up on the
screen can you believe that look at that
Oh see you can it be any more simple
than that doesn't this you know scream
why you know listen I'm not a fan of
marijuana never had a joint let alone a
cigarette my entire life but if we are
legalizing it if that's the way of the
land so be it
why can't we have mom pause stores doing
this selling this product why does it
have to be through a monopoly and you
know the government is only kidding
themselves if they think this is going
to be the end of the black market first
of all thirty-eight stores for the
entire province of Ontario what a joke
that's then a nowhere near serve the
demand the black market is going to
flourish because of governor
competence on this file and the
incompetence begins at that ridiculous
logo I've never seen something so
simplistic in all my life and I have
been informed a super chet has come in
and I'm going to scroll up to it
although I do remember I think it's a
syrup producers Association in the
states that has a logo I think might be
for Vermont or Maine it is the most
unintentionally funny logo you'll ever
see and I can't say on a family show why
it's so funny but if you google that
you'll see what I mean and we have a
another super chat from Ezra's first two
regulars thank you very much Ezra's
first two regulars a pound 99 much
appreciated and the convoluted balloon
footage and commentary after the show
well that doesn't quite help me right
now does it but I will look for it and I
will follow this up maybe I can do a
commentary on that too so thanks for
tipping me off on that and from the dark
musket is it true Justin Trudeau paid a
terrorist 10 million as compensation
100% true actually no false I think it
was ten point five million plus a public
apology it happened a year ago last July
and I'm glad you bring it up dark musket
I hope this becomes an election issue
and we almost always bring this to the
fore this was a convicted murderer Omar
Khadr who got 10 and a half million
taxpayer dollars and a public apology
from the prime minister don't think he
cried this time I think he saved the
waterworks so maybe it was an insincere
apology because when Justin Trudeau
doesn't I think it might be them one of
the only apologies aside from the
groping apology where Justin Trudeau
didn't turn on Niagara Falls while he
was delivering it but the perversity of
it was was that the Liberals were saying
Carter was going to take them to court
and to fight this in court was going to
cost tens and tens maybe even over a
hundred million dollars
and two things based on principle I
don't have a problem with my tax dollars
even if it's more tax dollars than the
settlement going to fighting a jihadi
murderer
and secondly on a matter of principle
suddenly the Trudeau Liberals have
suddenly become fiscal conservatives
they're worried about the money now when
it's a jihadi terrorist suddenly tens of
millions means anything to them what
hypocrites what a double standard and I
am told we have another super check
coming in I greatly appreciate that
folks I greatly appreciate your
generosity no matter how much you're
giving ah as those first two regulars
again one pound 99 I think we're up to
six pounds now almost thank you for that
as we're first two regulars it's up on
my channel second vid on upload well I
am going to check that out after the
show and I appreciate that and I
appreciate your generosity everybody
else
I've given as was first a regular as a
plug go check out his video and we have
from Copa de Sao $22 now does that mean
Norwegian kroner yes mr. producer number
two has told me yes I don't
I think that's less than twenty two
dollars Canadian even if it's less I
thank you very much for currency in any
denomination for your generosity and
coppa says I've seen 10 year-olds make
better logos you know maybe that's
you've given me an idea
maybe when school's back in we can do a
little caper at rebel will go to a class
that has ten year olds and we'll give
them all a marker and a piece of white
paper and we'll say hey kids
we need a logo for the Ontario cannabis
stores give us your best and we'll come
up with some price for the the top three
and you know what I am betting you you
are right I am betting the top three
entries will be better than that
pathetic hsk
OCS black and white logo we saw that
cost hundreds of millions of dollars
your money by the way folks you know but
yet another reason why aren't you is so
happy like I am that there was regime
change going back to June we have one
minute so I'll get to some of the quick
to chats seek the light and you shall
find it rights Trudeau is so generous
with our money ask the Clintons yes
isn't that always the case when it comes
to our money
they are absolutely generous and Chuck
McGill writes I would give you money but
I am a laid off retired auto worker so I
can't spend my hynnyín money for there
are no good jobs now but thanks for the
show I used to buy the Sun - not now now
Chuck ab-absolutely
it's completely voluntary I understand
especially in the economy that we have
right now people can't always give to
every cause and there are so many causes
but sometimes it's a thought that
matters and the fact that you're taking
part in the chat is heartwarming and I
hope things get better for you on the
economic front and I can see it is now
one o'clock
it was wonderful spending most of the
week with you folks I had a great time
Ezra we'll be back in this chair on
Monday and have a fantastic weekend and
remember without risk there could be no
glory good afternoon
you
