is it game over for the north american
free trade agreement at least when it
comes to nafta classic well it kind of
looks that way after all just check out
what President Donald Trump said
yesterday namely that the u.s. might
just hammer out a separate trade deal
with Mexico and that discussions with
his Mexican counterpart are going quite
well with the new president of Mexico
who won overwhelmingly and we're doing
very well on our trade agreement so
we'll see what happens we may do or
separately with Mexico and will
negotiate with Canada at a later time
but we're having very good discussions
with Mexico yeah so just call this
impending New Deal NAFTA light you know
a brand new whiz-bang North American
Free Trade Agreement - that part of
North America known as Canada now in
fairness Trump said a separate trade
deal might be reached with our great
Dominion at a later date perhaps maybe
hey don't call us we'll call you
but certainly there doesn't seem to be
any urgency for Trump to get a deal done
with Ottawa and for some reason I don't
think Justin Trudeau is on the
president's speed-dial list at the
moment especially considering the most
important part of a trade negotiation
for Trudeau is trying to include a
gender clause in the deal now on the
flip side
check out Trump's recent comments
regarding a proposed new deal between
the u.s. and Mexico a Financial Post
story notes that the two nations are
indeed getting closer to reaching a
trade deal just listen to President
Trump we have had very good sessions
with Mexico and with the new President
of Mexico who won overwhelmingly and
we're doing very well on our trade
agreement as for Canada well it would
appear that the great blight North
barely registers as a
note of a footnote for the time being
even though Trudeau says he's still
optimistic about a new NAFTA deal being
reached
what does Justin base such optimism on
wishful thinking perhaps a recent visit
to an Ottawa storefront psychic that's
an excerpt from my daily TV show the
Ezra Levante show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews a day and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
