hey everybody welcome to Declassified
alive on this Friday morning I'm gonna
be monitoring excuse me the stream today
to make sure we have a decent connection
yesterday was absolutely horrible good
morning Tammy how are you yesterday was
absolutely horrible so far so good
let's see if YouTube continues to
cooperate with us
yeah I've got my Gatorade and I've got
my Superman mug all right a lot to talk
about today I want to talk to you guys
about two things that happen yesterday
one in politics regarding special
counsel robert muller the other Whoopi
Goldberg and judge Jeanine Pirro from
Fox News
getting into this war on the view and
also if you can in the comments let me
know how's my sound coming through
beings are streams a little better let
me know how my sounds coming through you
guys can hear me 5x5 from clear all
right so if you didn't see what robert
muller did rap in because this is about
the worst this is about the worst robert
muller is offering limited use immunity
mm-hmm
- Tony Podesta against Paul Manafort
good morning Gavin good morning Norman
he's offering limited youths immunity
but John Podesta Hillary campaign
managers brother
against Paul Manafort now what limited
use immunity is random dude said sounds
good man thanks
uh tech man is asking where we didn't
cover the Ottawa Hill rally on July 14
I'm the US guy though you'd have to ask
as Ron the lie on his live show he
handles most of the content for Canada I
handle all the us stuff
anyway Paul Manafort is obviously being
prosecuted by Robert MOA now robert
muller is offering limited use immunity
the Tony Podesta again John Podesta
Hillary Clinton's campaign manager
brother limited use immunity in simple
terms is that he cannot be prosecuted or
charged for any anything that he admits
to while being questioned about things
Paul Manafort did it doesn't cover him
for other things that might arise but it
doesn't matter
it doesn't matter because I believe
Muller made it limited use immunity
optically so that everybody would say oh
it's just narrow immunity what uh motors
never gonna go after mother could find
out in that investigation that Tony
Podesta was the one who colluded with
Russian was a Russian asset they will
never go after him now I am starting to
really believe you guys know you walk to
me every day
I hate conspiracy theories good morning
guys John Zeile and our buddies here
Norman Smith we're gonna get into what
we Goldberg in a bit but I I'm I'm uh
you guys watch me you know we've even
argued and I love you guys we've even
argued about certain conspiracy theory
but I've I've always thought and taken
literally the texts between Peter Strock
and Lisa page and people on the Left say
to me also conspiracy theory well no
it's not we've got their text we now
know that their testimony behind closed
doors conflicted with one another
Peter Strock said well I never exhibited
bias in my I never exhibited bias in
Maya and and my work but Lisa Paige said
well you know what those texts meant
exactly what they sounded like they
meant welcomed literally and the word we
became the most contentious at him fifty
thousand texts there was that one where
struck said we'll stop him about Trump
being president when Lisa Paige said
essentially I'll paraphrase please tell
me that you no no no he can't be
President but blonde stroke said don't
worry about it we'll stop him struck
testified in an open door hearing on a
closed-door hearing that wheelstop
inwe'll meant the American people the
electorate least a page implied in her
testimony from what we know that now we
will be met he meant we meaning the
people on the seventh floor at the FBI
then we saw the other test where ins
policy
really looking like that I know we've
got a little buffering issue here but it
seemed better today it's only coming for
a few seconds at a time George seems
like he's that insurance policy so what
does this all mean well here's the big
problem
why didn't if if Robert Muller let me
play devil's advocate for a moment
Norman Smith thank you for the donation
and by the way you can do it Norman did
you can super chat get that dollar sign
at the bottom there your comment will
pop out and I'll say great things about
you like him about Norman Norman is an
outstandingly handsome and brilliant man
thanks Thurman heater struck out yeah
well he just rely I don't know what kind
of hooks broadcast but he's definitely
God
a patron rabbity and this but this whole
thing is it's just bizarre to me is
bizarre to me Muller and Rosenstein
couldn't care less what America thinks
couldn't care less there now I believe
thumbing their noses at America what
this has become this has become a
pissing contest between rod Rosenstein
and robert muller on one side and Donald
Trump and us on the other normal
Americans even Canadians and our friends
from the UK Australia people that follow
American politics who understand what
Robert Muller is trying to do here this
is a joke
John Zeeland says Trump doubles down on
a bike route into the White House
Trump's the boss he is the boss I mean I
know how you mean that that he's it and
in-your-face guy but he literally is the
boss he's the president noted States the
Constitution tasks him with engaging in
foreign policy and it does well he's the
president-elect or was the
president-elect that's what mothers
investigation is moronic
but if Robert Muller if Robert Martin
let me play devil's advocate now right I
mean let me do what the left does if
robert muller was this man of integrity
this wonderful man of all unimpeachable
rock-solid man of integrity robert
muller wouldn't even drive through a
yellow light if the light was blinking
across the street he would wait until
that little silhouette of a person was
white or green across that street no
it's not true look at Muller's entire
history now representative louie gohmert
louis really like louis louis put out a
couple of articles on his twitter feed
talking about Muller's background muller
was one of the guys in the oj who ran
whitey bulger and John Connally John
Connally serving time in prison Whitey
Bulger notorious murderous gangster went
on the lam for 17 years got nabbed up a
few years back in santa monica
california after he disappeared in the
1990s
so Norman Smith just said Muller is
desperate and derelict women that is an
excellent excellent description of his
investigation you those two perfect
words he's desperate because he would
needed criminal charges against Trump in
team and he's derelict in his duty he
absolutely is derelict in his duty
Muller had one job in one job to
investigate Russia collusion
twelve-year-old financial crimes that
Paul Manafort might have committed in
places like Macedonia
it's over to the DOJ and again I
apologize guys for our stream issues I'm
getting all red lights over here I ran
two speed tests on my end as we've been
doing the show here and we have zero
issues in fact I'm uploading at
high-definition broadcast quality speeds
though I'm gonna reinforce my position
that there's a an issue on YouTube all
right so back to Muller
if Muller was this man of integrity this
insane man of integrity Muller would
have played fair Muller would have gone
to all manifold he has all these charges
on and said the man afford hey my
investigation also nabbed up Tony
Podesta let's start cutting a deal on
some of these charges ball I know you
want to go to trial got the money you
want to go to trial let's start talking
about how I can help you if you help me
Tony Podesta was gonna testify against
you
Tony Podesta was gonna testify against
you you help me I'll help you but he
didn't go to mana fort with a deal no he
went to members of Team Clinton with the
deal he went to members of Team Clinton
why is it always members of team Clinton
who get immunity deals but no one on
team Trump is ever offered an immunity
deal Muller is an about justice that's
why he's not about Norman thanks by the
way tell me audio and video good I
appreciate it
he's not about that he's not about that
at all Muller is about one thing that's
his mission now the President of the
United States has political cover
Trump's approval ratings are where they
were before the Russia summit because I
told you yesterday
the average American doesn't care
I was talking to some viewers I do
another show in the afternoon here in
the US on a different network and I was
talking to some viewers we do a call in
and to a person they supported my theory
they actually a couple of them watch
this show as well and they said yeah we
heard you were talking about that the
average American was going out there
working and swinging a hammer doesn't
care about the Russian meeting and I
thought I was gonna get yelled at and
told Americans do care do a person they
said we don't care he said we don't care
one guy said I'm in a very competitive
business Patra foreman and tariffs to
level the playing field they're helping
me I don't care who the president meets
with if he keeps on helping American
industry and that's the way people feel
nobody cares and now the new hysteria is
hope is inviting Putin to the White
House and Director of National
Intelligence dan coates only found out
about that on television
well that's Dan Coates his problem why
is Dan Coates not checking in with his
boss the president United States not the
president's job to call Dan Coates
it's the Director of National
Intelligence the DNI job
to brief the White House and say hey is
there anything I need to know hey is the
president gonna do anything with this
Putin stuff let's sit down
hey secretary Pompeo hey national
security adviser Bolton hey chief of
staff Kelly what do I need to know but
clearly the intelligence community still
hates as president guts
they hate his guts and he's never gonna
get a fair shake from them Christopher a
over at the FBI I think is just he I
don't think Christopher Rea is as bad of
an actor as rod Rosenstein I don't think
that I think Christopher Rea is in way
over his head I think it was part of the
swamp I was speaking to an FBI agent the
other night I actually had dinner
with the agent and his wife they're
friends of mine and told me that agents
well friends of a friend they were
invited to a dinner excuse me and he
told me that Peter struck is heated
inside the agency he also said that
agents are very very disappointed in
James Comey because they liked them as a
director he left them alone they said
call me was so far removed and was
actually a very nice guy when he was in
field offices or when they had to deal
with them and he understood that he
wasn't an agent he let the agents do
what they did and he was a politician
now they're no fans they call me they
think he's embarrassed him and disgraced
them but they were just talking about
his management style as director before
all this happened he said Christopher
Rea is very different he treats the FBI
like a lawyer would turns down very
specific directives that oftentimes
aren't workable on the street and this
agent in a different part of the country
was working on an operation alongside
the DEA and he said the DEA agents are
able to operate like street cops and do
their job and new directives from Ray
for the FBI are so rigid they can't they
it was nearly impossible to work with
the DEA because the DEA agents were
given such latitude and Ray has the FBI
in such a box
I think Ray's problem is that number one
he was friends with Comey and he's
friends with Muller's they were all DOJ
guys together and with Rosenstein more
importantly he was never a Street agent
and he's in cover his ass mode so he's
every time the guys in an interview
christopher ray or before a Senate
committee or a House Committee he's got
this look on his face like man what did
I get myself into I was making a lot of
money at this cushy Law Firm he was in
New Jersey or somewhere in that area up
in that region he was making probably
making a million bucks a year maybe more
with his bonus nobody knew his name he
didn't even really have to do any work
because he was so senior he had
associates and junior partners doing all
the work for him he just had to sit in
meetings with his DOJ resume and shake
some hands and
some rain and go play golf and sit in
country clubs and wind business for the
firm and get a really big check every
two weeks that's already had to do it
now FBI director thrown into the
limelight most controversial time in FBI
history I think that Christopher Rea is
just overwhelmed and he was not the
right guy for the job I just don't think
he was ready for this job at this time
the agency needed a cop
it needed a cop now back to the matter
at hand so they offer Tony Podesta
limited use immunity because they are
hell-bent on a mission to take out Paul
Manafort I have never seen I have never
a vendetta against a suspect like I am
right now with Muller against man afford
and this is why I always tell you guys
that queuing on non trust the plan and
Muller's a white hat and he's in the
white house and the corridors open to
the White House meeting with Trump and
Jeff Sessions comes in at a black car
and a plot ways to take Hillary down and
the plan is working
no there's the plan there's nothing
going on behind the scenes this cue is
some guy in his mom's basement of
curates news and puts theories together
this is exact the plan was in the plan
that you're being told to trust the plan
was to take down Trump if you're
trusting the plan you're polluting with
the other side to take down the
president
you take that's what they want to do
here okay I'm glad said at your comments
hmm yeah contrivances FBI and DOJ need a
good cop like Rudy Giuliani yes but Rudy
like I always tell you didn't want the
job of Attorney General he wanted to be
Secretary of State he wanted to be
Secretary of State
these folks has Q is the bunk he was the
bunked before q ever started posting but
thank you for that but anyway that's why
they trust a plan if you were on the
fence about these moron conspiracy
theory in John Podesta's brother getting
immunity to go after Paul manna for it
doesn't convince you nothing well
nothing well and what I will tell you is
you're going to be very very
disappointed very disappointed
it was never a plan Tammy there will
never be a military tribunal that's one
of these wishful thinking things we are
not a military hunter we don't we don't
apply the universal code and military
jelly Uniform Code of Military Justice
to civilians there won't be a military
tribunal that's never gonna happen knows
that there is being loaded
but unfortunately excuse me
unfortunately or fortunately that'll
never happen because one day hi Tammy
the are you saying hi to John Zeeland
one day
and what we need is our existing
Department of Justice and our existing
but missing Attorney General to do his
job
to do his job hey sub-zero asks there
any bricks in the house are there any
Brits in the house everybody tell me
where you from today
all right morning the BRS a good
question why do Brennan and clapper
still have secret clearance will be
actually a top-secret SC eye clearance
and it's customary for former heads of
agencies to keep their clearances my
very good friend is a former SEAL Team
six guy and he keeps his top secret
clearance because he still does contract
work
with the seals he now has a company
where he provides training for them
outside service training for them so he
needs a top-secret clearance to be able
to set up training scenarios and all
based on real-life missions and things
they've done that are classified so it's
not uncommon there are plenty of private
citizens out there with security
clearances because they work alongside
the government so it's not uncommon for
guys like Brennan clapper to have it the
former DNI and the head of the CIA know
they could keep it for life the problem
is that they're unhinged blatant
partisans who are using those clearances
now who are using those clearances to
subvert the sitting president of the
United States and for that reason they
should have their clearances pulled I
have no problem with former FBI director
CIA directors national intelligence
people
mmm military people keeping their
clearances plenty of people coming out
of the military to keep their clearances
because they go to work and say excuse
me my voice is horrible today they're
gonna work in the defense industry so if
you were in an Air Force pilot you have
a top-secret STI you have the top
clearances well if you retire and you go
to work for one of the aircraft
companies building fighters or
next-generation bombers or the Air Force
everybody you work with is gonna have a
top-secret security clearance because we
don't want those you know blueprints
those schematics getting in enemies
hands you're gonna keep your clearance
and have it alongside civilians so in
and of itself them having clearances
isn't unusual it's what they're doing
with those clearances that necessitate
those clearances being pulled and Shawn
Wiig felt wingfield says I can't even
follow this Fiasco anymore when I tried
to explain it all to my coworker I felt
like a nutjob but like I sounded like a
nutjob and I guess you're talking Muller
and Podesta immunity yeah I mean you
know Shawn if you and I wrote a script
and we and we wrote this story with
Muller as a script for Hollywood and we
went to pitch a production company they
would kick us out and tell us guys we
like science fiction but you guys are
way over the top nobody would ever
believe this that's how bad it is
that's how absolutely bad it is so we're
gonna come back to this and do the
comments but I want to take a hard turn
and talk about more unhinged ISM that's
on the Left Whoopi Goldberg and judge
Jeanine Pirro got into a screaming match
on the view yesterday judge Jeanine
Pirro accused the panel on the view of
having Trump derangement syndrome
well Whoopi Goldberg flips out they go
to break they come back
judge Jeanine is no longer on the show
um now now it's breaking and I'm gonna
find the story that Whoopi Goldberg
apparently spit bit on judge Jeanine
Pirro and kicked her out of the studio
this is insanity this is insanity
spitting on her and kicking her out of
the studio these people are crazy
the left is simply insane they are
simply insane I'm gonna see if I can
find the story that's why I'm poking
around here but you've probably seen it
but I've never seen anything this I've
just I've never seen anything like it
I've never seen anything like it then
you've got protesters outside Maxine
Waters office supporting her burning
American flags chanting black power I
mean the world is upside down you've got
this lunatic Acacio Cortese
in New York talking about things she
doesn't even understand sounds like a
moron and you've got moderate Democrats
like former Senator Joe Lieberman of
Connecticut saying who distance yourself
Democrats from Acacio Cortes she's bad
for America so there's now a war within
the Democratic Party and I don't have
the Whoopie story let me see if I can
find it on Drudge and mmm I'll find it
saw the story and I we all we all saw
the story it's just sheer sheer
craziness
dear craziness
I mean I don't even know what um weird a
way to start bidding on it look I
interviewed Democrats I go on other
people's shows we know our political
bent but I don't personalize this stuff
I never personalize this stuff ever and
who said Oh Andrew hanen says judge
Jeanine beat them all yeah guy Fox says
Whoopie lost my respect a long long time
ago
yeah these people all bid these people
all bid but but I mean there now there
now I mean these people are nuts they're
just crazy
look what I'm saying I go on other
people's show they bring me on I do
international media a lot on the
conservative American but I don't
personalize it I have no prior Democrat
your far left we can go out and grab a
drink afterward but now we're spinning
on colleagues in the industry the whole
point of doing what we do I do
television I do my digital show here in
the morning I do television here in the
States in the afternoon and the whole
the whole point is I bring guests in the
studio we have I have two co-hosts on my
TV show but I bring guests we bring
guests in the studio some are very far
left you'll shake hands we say goodbye
we joke about it we're like hey you know
and we will get a little more fiery next
time everybody jokes and everybody's
freezing you're so thin-skinned that you
can't take you can't take the term Trump
derangement syndrome that's really what
pushes you over the edge
Wow the look on my face the look on my
face when the stream froze Wow if that
didn't tell you how I feel about Whoopi
Goldberg I don't know what does not
summed it up right there you know that
was the one time I was glad the stream
froze because that look on my face
captured for a few seconds that really
summed up my feelings on Whoopi Goldberg
and liberals who lose their minds
tami Putin skis and belt says Whoopie
can't be too happy things aren't going
her way I really like judge Dean and you
could bet your bottom dollar what he's
probably upset because viewer for viewer
judge Dean's ratings are probably better
uh Loren Smith says Cortez doesn't
represent the American people she's from
Venezuela it's really not she was born
in New York grew up in Westchester
County but she acts like he's from
Venezuela
Oh Mexican Owen says the assault that
that's assault
obviously the judge is right Whoopie
does suffer from Trump derangement
syndrome in New York it is not assault
it's at the very worst place to lock
people up for this stuff in New York and
we write them summons in New York and
might be the crime of harassment it's a
violation like a red light or speeding
ticket it's not assault not arrest of
all
assault requires an act that could
result in serious injury spitting on
someone
MD says Hoover up in Westchester
Alexandria Acacio Cortez that democratic
socialist candidate from New York and
the 14th district she grew up in
Westchester
let's see what we got here we'll be
proving the Trump stirring Trump
derangement syndrome in fact exists oh
yes she did she did so that was the best
part of that whole interview that was
the irony right is that Whoopi Goldberg
confirmed that which she was being
accused of
it was great
angel Chung says Janine seems so pleased
at triggering and exposing Whoopi's
hatred and hypocrisy good Czech
nationalists it's a great comment the
world is becoming like George Carlin's
comedy that is actually a brilliant
observation that was a great observation
yeah judge Jeanine say I think she got
the best of them
no Mexican Owens says five bucks says if
Trump gets reelected every Democrat head
will explode I happen to think you're
onto something there
angel says looking forward to hearing
Whoopi's explanation about what happened
today well will be bitter backpedal she
came on
and I'm so happy two streams a little
better today yesterday was a disaster a
trump derangement syndrome
is product of deep state hypnosis on MSM
I don't know what that means but hmm now
DMC asks me John what is your background
what do you mean how do you mean that
I'd be happy to answer it I just don't
understand the context
Norman Smith donated another couple of
bucks thanks doorman judge J Owens
Whoopi's face huh yeah she did owner
I'll give her that an MD I'd be happy to
answer the question I don't know if you
mean my ethnic background professional
background background and media so just
clarify it for me I'd be happy to answer
for you
let's see hmm and Rohan says Trump went
a bit too far but he's trying to protect
his country interesting comment what do
you mean he went a bit too far let's
discuss clarify that expound upon it
let's see
Oh DMC is asking my professional
background not a lawyer no I was I was
with the NYPD went into the private
sector working alongside law enforcement
and been doing work Media work for about
ten years started as an analyst
commentator then had a radio show had a
pretty successful morning show down here
in Miami and then moved over to digital
and television so now I do this show and
then I do a TV show in the afternoon
here in the States so I was always an
analyst political in law enforcement now
it's everything but that was my
professional background law enforcement
private sector media hmm and thanks for
clarifying that the footage should go
viral guy Hawkeye Fox says and show the
world what an animal Whoopi is it is
going viral and you also say guy and I
agree with you
there's no excuse for what people brag
acting like that especially on TV show
well the footage of our spitting on
judge Jeanine happened after they left
the set so there were no cameras is what
the reports are telling us now almost I
haven't independently been able to
confirm that but it's being reported
widely that that's what happened
but uh Aaron Irby says who didn't know
Whoopi Goldberg and almost every other
celebrities raging lunatic they dress up
and play pretend for a job yeah I mean
we've don't worry Goldberg he's a far
left kooky radical for years
houki radical for years hmm let's see
politics are becoming a yeah yeah Czech
nationalist you're right he's saying
politics are becoming a measuring
contest but the left wants everybody
involved so we have transgenders
good observation making my head hurt a
little bit but I like it
whoopee should try a mask and hit her
guess for the bike walk and Tifa whoopee
no please no whoopee was good in Sister
Act Martin to be her says I'm not like
40 years ago 35 years ago
Oh Jeff Flake samples is back with the
Twinkies yeah you're obsessed with
Twinkies you are absolutely obsessed
with Twinkies hmm let's see
if I had been Whoopi who was spat on
even I vote was if it had been Whoopi
who was spat on guy fawkes says the left
would be going absolutely mental right
now
Oh there'd be calls for judge Denis to
be thrown off the air the campaign would
have already started to harass judge
Jeanine sponsors the bankrupt her show
you're a hundred percent right you're a
hundred percent right let's see if I
missed any comments here let's go back
uh wow you guys are good today with the
comments mm-hmm can't stand the view and
I can't figure out why Megan McCain is
on Gale Cochran says well they needed a
conservative but Megan McCain was you
know because the only one willing and
she was the only acceptable conservative
Hemme says Hillary use for security
clearance in New Zealand a few months
ago he shouldn't have it uses five eyes
to circumvent logs
well again Tim you don't get to know
conspiratorial I think you're getting
info from some bad sources Hillary can't
access or an intelligence services you
might be able to ask for favors from
friends but as a rule of former
government official doesn't have
official access anything even if she did
he could only feed information that's so
Hillary's wings are clipped I think
Hillary is trying to be president again
and it's gonna it's gonna fail miserably
like he did the first time let's see who
she is hard core I assume you mean judge
judge Janine Jeff likes apple says
Whoopi is far-left that means she
respects no one including herself that
tends to be the thing with leftists
right tends to be the thing with them
they they really tend to embarrass
themselves more than anybody else
look uh they thought the saying she said
she wasn't an ideologue I don't hear
about people being ideologues it's fine
look I come on air and the reason I
don't consider myself a journalist is
I'm not objective I'm honest I'm honest
but I don't look at Robert Muller's
investigation and this plate with Tony
Podesta and say well there might be a
good reason for him to do it because I
don't believe there is I simply don't
believe there is a good reason for him
to do what he's doing with Tony Podesta
I think Robert Muller is a dishonest
actor but that's my conservative opinion
I'm still gonna give you the facts of
the case and say well it is limited
youths immunity which means it doesn't
cover him for everything now as a
journalist I could report that and say
and Muller is doing that because he
might want to charge Tony Podesta down
the road well that's what I should say
but as a conservative opinion
commentator I say Muller's doing that
for optics so that the specter of
blanket immunity doesn't tape Muller too
much
doesn't take Muller too much and he can
just choose not and so can the LJ not to
prosecute Tony Podesta down the road
that's what my opinion commentary comes
in but I'm always gonna give you the
other option right I'm gonna say well he
could avoid you know he couldn't do this
and charged him down the road but here's
my opinion because I believe Muller is
dishonest and not a man of integrity if
I were a journalist I wouldn't say that
I wouldn't give my opinion on Muller's
integrity
but that's why I don't consider myself a
journalist I'm an opinion commentator on
the right so it's okay to be an
ideologue it's okay just disclose it the
NN doesn't disclose it
Martin De Beers is what my take on the
opinion that a lot of these so-called
lawmakers and a Leakes are entrapped in
some bad stuff hence the obvious
craziness yeah I think there's something
in that I think the intelligence and
federal law enforcement community has
dirt on every American and if you go
against them if you go against them
you uh you tend to be uh you know risk
of smear when John Zeeland says check
for Soviet tweeted I'm starting to get
the impression that the DOJ might be
somewhat biased jack is a really good
friend of mine Jack is an awesome guy
and Jack is in DC and he gets a bad rap
for a lot of things
Jack is good at what he does and Jack's
sources are really really strong uh he
and I speak pretty much daily I spoke to
him yesterday about some of the
goings-on at DOJ and he and I are just
perplexed that what we're saying
so yeah jack is uh I I tend to uh you
know share Jack's material quite
frequently plus personally he's a good
friend of mine I really like the guy and
I think he's onto something with that
Peter Heinrich says hi John do you
really think that Hillary will run again
for POTUS in 2020 absolutely unless the
Democratic Party tells her to slow her
roll and stop the nonsense and bring
some fresh blood in and by the way it
was john zealand who treated the comment
about jack up soviet okay MD says muller
is certainly a black cat not a good
person his record when you actually look
at it it's really pretty poor md did you
see what louie gohmert was putting about
out about Muller's prior record it's uh
yet see the des volt says deus vult says
Muller's should be investigated yeah
look I hate special counsels I tell you
that all the time but we need a second
special counsel to investigate the first
special counsel that's how bias
I believe Muller is
that's how bias I believe Muller is
what we new judge Jeanine owned her
angel Chang says then tried virtru
signaling to her peers in her audience
how she just hates to lose control she
could handle it couldn't handle the
truth bombs Jeanine lobbed her way I
agree
subzero says hilary we should be running
from the law not for president awesome
hmm Norman Smith and John Zealand's like
my buddy Jack but so back ya know Jack
had a great run here at the rebel he's
doing great over at Oh a n and he just
had a little baby beautiful beautiful
little guy he and his wife from the
family are doing great and he's loving
where he is Hillary says angel John says
Hillary maybe she'll run to avoid being
indicted well I don't think Hillary's
ever gonna be indicted held Tony Podesta
John Podesta's brother is getting
getting protected so I don't think
Hillary Clinton is ever gonna be
protected
uh Jeff likes apple says you love judge
Janine but what's with that pout
I don't know but Jeff forgot a question
for you
who or what be like better judge Jeanine
or twinkies I want you to answer me I
expect to see your answer pop up here
any second
and what do you guys think what is uh
what is Jeff likes apples what does he
like better judge Jeanine or Twinkies
hmm yeah been 11:36 with the tree that
Paige Clinton it was China who hacked
the DNC I didn't see much about anything
it would be all over the news Thomas
O'Connor I've been covering Podesta
mmunity the whole time in short let me
go back to Gavin's question Lisa Paige
said a lot of things that has the deep
state very nervous
okay Thomas so in short Tony Podesta was
offered immunity to testify against Paul
manna for limited use immunity which
means he's being given immunity for
things he testifies to he can still be
investigated for other things however I
don't believe he will and I think this
further goes to show Muller's bias and
it reinforces the theory that Muller was
that insurance policy that Peter struck
and Lisa paid discussed in Andy's Andrew
McCabe's office
okay let's see what else we got now MD
says yes I did John there's just so much
where they're talking about the Boston
OC organized crime or the borderline
insurrection yes you're talking about
seeing louie gohmert info on robert
muller yeah well robert muller was one
of the DOJ guys i mentioned earlier in
the show who was running the operation
with Whitey Bulger and John Connolly
when John Connolly went rogue as an FBI
agent McKay more of a mobster he's now
serving prison time Whitey Bulger of
course in prison for the rest of his
life after being on the run on the lam
for 17 years and Robert Muller was
around for all that now interestingly a
lesser known case but also pertains to
Muller Andrew Weissman mother's number
two the guy they called the pit bull he
was the a video Jay guy in one of the
DOJ guys running Greg Scarpa
and Linda Vecchio Greg Scarpa they used
to call him the Grim Reaper murderous
new york-based
mafioso captain Lynn de Vecchio an FBI
agent up there in the New York field
offices OSI organized crime mud Euro
group in Linda Vecchio never got jammed
up like John Connally did but there was
a lot of speculation that Linda Vecchio
crossed over as well now Linda Vecchio
reached out to me a few years ago we
spoke he wanted to sit down and talk
about give his side of the story I then
reached out to an old school New York
City detective that I knew he's passed
away now you might know who the guy is
you still see old footage of him on like
History Channel Discovery Channel Joe
Coffey Joe was a legend in the New York
City Police Department
oh uh was am 18 or so and it was only
about a month or two before Joe passed
away he was getting up there he was in
his uh late seventies or early eighties
still sharp his attack but you know he
was just he was sick and Joe and I had a
long chat and we've talked about excuse
me about this case and I said hey
this guys were on my radio show and de
Vecchio wanted to sit with me on my
streams get a little worse in the
Vecchio this guy this former agent
wanted to sit with me and have dinner up
in Tampa Tampa area and I said Joe you
know what do you think and he said I
wouldn't go anywhere near that guy that
guy is no friend of mine and he was no
friend of law enforcement now in
fairness to Linda Vecchio I never met
with him and I might very well found all
of these very very questionable
questionable investigations so you've
got Muller around one very questionable
FBI investigation and in the Boston area
that went south and you've got Weissman
is number two
working on on ones in New York with
organized crime that went cell
and sorry the stream keeps going and
what I'll do again today is what I did
yesterday if we start to have bad stream
issues because we had oh excuse me guys
this is just humid out there and my
allergies this time of year terrible uh
let me see Proud strike was part of
Muller well no it wasn't it wasn't Bush
ninja a lot of bad a lot of bad info on
that CrowdStrike is something totally
different I plan on doing a lot more on
CrowdStrike Monday or Tuesday but let's
leave it for then mic sentences you
missed that whole thing you know the
stream is bad what I was good at what I
was telling you guys is that Muller was
one of the DOJ guys handling Whitey
Bulger and John Connolly Muller's number
two andrew Weissman had similar problems
with an organized crime case with Linda
Vecchio an FBI agent who's never been
convicted or charged of anything and was
investigated expected of being dirty who
was running a mobster in New York named
Greg Scarpa they called him the Grim
Reaper he was a mafioso captain and and
so you've got Weissman Muller's number
two ran the Vecchio and skorpa you've
got Muller who ran Bulger and Connally
Connolly's in prison now this Linda
Vecchio what I was telling you guys for
the stream froze and I spoke about three
years ago this former agent was
suspected of working too closely with
organized crime he wanted to have dinner
tell me his side of the story I reached
out through an old friend
legendary NYPD detective named Joe
Coffey you might have seen Joe on those
History Channel shows Discovery Channel
shows things like that Joe has since
passed away he passed away a few months
after I spoke with him back in 2015 but
Joe said I wouldn't sit with de Vecchio
he's dirty
however the Vecchio has never been that
was Joe's opinion based on his history
with the guy and now that Weissman is
back in the news I didn't have a chance
to meet with de Vecchio I got busy it
had nothing to do it with joe said but I
might very well sit down and have dinner
with him and ask him about this and guys
I'm starting to get some indicators here
that the stream is gonna go south so I'm
gonna end a little early today I'm gonna
tell you guys to have an amazing weekend
we're gonna be covering CrowdStrike
next week again you guys have an amazing
weekend I'll be back with you live right
here 7:30 a.m. Monday morning
you
