while those were some of approximately a
thousand University of North Carolina
students protesting the school's
Confederates statue last August and
while it might make for some great viral
video contents these protests aren't
just mindless hysteria no UNC spent a
total of three hundred ninety three
thousand dollars paying police to defend
the silent Sam statute and repairing it
after incidents like this
that was a unc history PhD student by
the name of maya little ironically
enough she apparently mixed red ink with
her own blood to protest this
confederate statute and then of course
you had the really original rhyming
chants and it wasn't just the students
either seventeen anonymous University of
North Carolina professors wrote the
school and ultimatum saying they would
tear the statue down themselves if it
wasn't removed by a certain date we do
not fear arrest said the brave anonymous
professors indeed we welcome the
opportunity to demonstrate the
commitment that the Carolina faculty has
to the well-being of its students and
the principles that make this university
great yeah you know principles like
cultural Marxism mob rule might makes
right now the professor's wrote that
letter to UNC Chancellor who finds
herself in a bit of a pickle
you see she would love to tear down the
silence Sam statute but
assert in North Carolina law forbids her
from doing so without legislative
consent UNC police said last August that
they thought the Confederate statues
fate would resemble that of the one in
Durham North Carolina
and of course all felony charges were
dropped against those activists for
campus unmasked I'm Rob shim shock if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
