so the Hudson's Bay chain is the latest
retailer to AXI Ivanka Trump line of
clothing hey it is the BAE's right to
sell or not to sell anything that so
chooses no argument there and in a
Toronto Star story AB a spokesperson had
this to say about the Ivanka Trump
merchandise quote Hudson's Bay is
phasing out this brand through the fall
based on its performance as part of our
regular course of business we review our
merchandise offerings and make
appropriate changes end quote so there
you have it it's all about performance
or is it now the bait doesn't have to
divulge sales figures and to be quite
frank if the chain was axing any other
clothing line I wouldn't give a rotom's
rectum but because there's a Donal Trump
hook to this story well folks my spidey
senses are tingling
after all those suffering from Trump
derangement syndrome continue to wage
war on anything associated with the
president in the case of the event can
line of clothing Nordstrom's and Sears
cease to carry the line last year but
again I'd love to know of this
eradication is due to lackluster sales
as claimed or if this is all about
bending to the will of progressive
bullies after all more than 40 companies
and organizations are listed on the
hashtag grab your wallet boycott list
either because they carry Trump products
or they have some sort of indirect
connection with the president so one
must ponder if this pressure got to the
bay and if the bay is indeed caving to
such pressure let's just consider the
caliber of people that the chain is
indeed acquiescing to you see in
February 2017 we ventured out to
Toronto's flagship base tour to cover a
protest over the Ivanka Trump
merchandise by a group called the peeved
beavers yeah the peeved beavers and in
case you missed that report here are a
few highlights oh you're one of the PB
Bears right
and I'm a peep beer and eat now what's
giving you off man oh boy um so much
it's a heavy time I don't believe that
Canada has the values that we're seeing
be allowed I guess such big voice in the
States under Donald Trump it upsets me
that Hudson's Bay has not taken a stand
as Nordstrom has to not support Ivanka
Trump and her line of clothing when you
think of all the things I guess facing
women in so many countries around the
world is this really such a big deal
absolutely it is I mean you have to
start somewhere you have to fight all
forms of oppression this is oppressive
the message from the Trump government
and Ivanka because she's his first lady
you know and I don't think she's a first
lady right she's performing the duties
that a first lady normally does and this
is well documented in the press yes so
Ivanka is the first lady or is at least
performing the duties of the first lady
which has been well documented in the
press so it must be true right yikes
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the yeas relevant show no one leaves
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews a day and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
