esra Levante here for the rebel dot
media I am standing outside the Royal
Courts of Justice a little bit of a
different view behind me a church with
shrapnel marks left over from the second
world war a reminder the price this city
and this country paid for freedom 70
plus years ago
hopefully they'll remember the price
that was paid and uphold Liberty in the
case of Tommy Robinson there's still
more proceedings to go but I am
optimistic so far
Tommy's case has been well Ella cuted by
his judges
Jeremy Dean is his QC who's doing the
talking
there are actually four lawyers on Team
Tommy
against him is a lawyer appointed by the
Attorney General in the name of a friend
of the court so he's not necessarily a
prosecutor or antagonistic to Tommy but
he's there to sort of push back against
any enthusiasms let's say from Tommy's
team that said listening to the facts
adduced listening to the questions put
to various lawyers by the judges I am
permitting myself some optimism it's
very dangerous to be optimistic when it
comes to the state's treatment of Tommy
Robinson it's always a stitch-up but I
think that you have the absolute top
judge of the United Kingdom the Lord
Chief Justice himself presiding over a
panel of two other judges with him I
think they're taking this case seriously
I think there's been evidence that the
sentence was disproportionate that rules
of Criminal Procedure were not followed
Tommy's lawyers are asking for
everything they want the sentence reduce
but they also want the conviction from
the Leeds case and make wash completely
and their ass actually asking for last
year's conviction in Canterbury to be
quashed to I don't know if they'll get
all of those things but I think they're
doing enough appeals making enough
arguments that enough will succeed to
get Tommy out of prison I hope I'm not
eating these words later but if you
asked me right now do I think Tommy will
win the appeal I would say yes at least
enough to get him home and for that we
have in large part to thank you our
rebel viewers who have chipped in so
generously to the crowdfunding campaign
that
for the four legal eagles the dream team
in court today I'll have more updates
mainly on Twitter which you can check
out Twitter at our calm slash Ezreal
events and if there's any more videos
today we'll post them there's a chance
this matter might continue until
tomorrow if it finishes today the judges
could render a decision right away
however given the complexity here they
may wish to confer and reserve their
judgment issuing it in the days to come
another possibility is they could
verbally give a very brief ruling such
as the conviction and leads as quashed
Tomi is freed and follow up later with a
detailed legal ruling it's really in
their discretion but I'll leave it there
for now
thanks for tuning in to see all our
reports go to Tommy trial comm for the
rebel dot media I'm as real Avance I'm
here in London at Tommy's Court of
Appeal hearing for all of my updates go
to Tommy trial calm
you
