for the rebel media I'm as relevant we
are on the Strand it's a beautiful
wonderful neighborhood in London as so
many are of course this crowd has been
here for hours most of them are Pro
Tommy people earlier we saw some Mounted
Police a lot of police vans I haven't
seen any anti-fur that said I've been in
the court itself and not outside you can
see some make Britain great again hats a
lot of free Tommy signs and I had a
chance to talk to some of these folks
before obviously a lot of support I
don't have a lot of time to spend out
here right now I want to make sure I
don't lose my seat inside the courthouse
but it's clear that this trial is being
watched
around the world not just here in the
United Kingdom I should tell you one
more thing in closing in the same
courtroom where we are right before
Tommy's appeal was the swearing in of
the new Attorney General of the United
Kingdom it was sort of exciting actually
and I was in there for that and everyone
was wearing their wigs and the moment
after Geoffrey Cox was sworn in I walked
up to him shook his hand congratulated
to him and put a question to him I said
what do you make of the fact that an
American diplomat Sam Brownback has
condemned or criticized the United
Kingdom's treatment of Tommy Robinson
well Geoffrey Cox the Attorney General
said to me very politely that he has
been so busy getting ready for his new
position that he has not been briefed on
the matter and was unaware of it that
sounds plausible enough he'll know of it
today that's for sure with this crowd
the senior judges and the media coverage
at least seven different mainstream
media outfits represented in the court
it's a very interesting day we'll be
here all day and if the matter continues
tomorrow we'll be here too until our
next update which you can follow at
Tommy Trial calm I'm as relevant in
London I'm here in London at Tommy's
Court of Appeal hearing for all of my
updates go to Tommy Trial calm
you
