we're outside the Royal Courts of
Justice in London the court hearing for
Tommy doesn't start till 10:30
but there's already Tommy Robinson's
supporters who were waiting around
including sherry who I noticed with her
free speech free Tommy shirt and your
Union Jack what a pleasure to meet you
lovely to meet you too well tell me what
makes you come down here 90 minutes
early and stand out on the street just
to get in what why are you here
I love Tommy that much I do absolutely
anything for him I think he's an amazing
man one of the only men now in this
country that actually stands up for the
British people I can't think of anybody
else not anybody else that actually is
standing up for the British people I
have been getting lots of feedback in
London on Tommy Robinson some people
love him some people hate him what
reaction have you received to wearing
that shirt very very positive everywhere
I go people come up and say I'm really
brave to do it because I'm walk around
on my own wearing it I don't care I
don't think there's anything negative to
say about the man what has he done other
than stand up for the British people
nothing he was the only man that went
against these Muslim grooming gangs him
Paul Goulding Jada Francis what's
happened to them they've been locked up
jailed we're not allowed to talk about
it anymore in this country we are being
gagged I went to a trump rally rally on
I think it was Sunday the police came up
to us told me I wasn't allowed to hold
my flag I wasn't we weren't allowed to
hold this flag not allowed to hold the
that's the official flag of the United
Kingdom it's the Union Jack and you and
the police told you you couldn't hold
that what what did they say they said
you could only walk in twos it was an
incitement if you held up your your
flags and incitement to whom who would
be incited by that back to that I have
no idea
and did you comply no you didn't comply
did they threaten you in any way I got
stopped from walking down the road
to put my flag away I kept on my t-shirt
and I kept getting told what's my name
what's my address and I said I'm not
giving it to you with we are still
supposed to be a free country I'm from
Canada we grew up admiring the United
Kingdom as the land of the magna carta
the land where the law and freedom were
hammered out as a template for countries
around the world this does not sound
like the United Kingdom I was taught
about in school this is not the United
Kingdom I grew up in I'm 65 years of age
and I suppose in the last five years
it's so bad now so bad you're not
allowed to say anything you're not
allowed to do anything that isn't
doesn't fit in with the norm it's a
terrible terrible state of affairs and
unless unless people get up and start
saying we've had enough I think in ten
years time when my grandchildren are
older
there will be no freedom of speech we
will be completely taken over and we'll
have to walk along like zombies this is
not a free country anymore I promise you
that I don't know what can is this light
but I promise you this is not a free
country anymore
well that's terrifying hopefully today
will be a little victory for freedom
sherry what a pleasure to bump into you
and thanks for spending some time with
us thank you very much thank you there
you have it that's sherry one of a group
of Tommie supporters that are starting
to gather there's also journalists to my
left and there's about a half a dozen
Mounted Police just in case some
anti-fur rioters show up which of course
is always a possibility I'll have more
updates throughout the day subject to
the courts rules including a limited
publication ban for more go to Tommie
trial com I'm here in London at Tommy's
Court of Appeal hearing for all of my
updates go to Tommie trial com
you
