esra Levante here for the rebel dot
media I am in London today reporting on
the appeal of Tommy Robinson as you know
on May 25th Tommy Robinson was standing
outside the courthouse in Leeds where a
29 person Muslim rape gang was on trial
tommy was giving his opinions on
facebook live when seven police swooped
down arrested him and within a course of
mere hours tommy was convicted of
contempt of court and sentenced to 13
months in prison where he's been ever
since as you know rebel viewers have
crowdfunded the cost of his legal
defense and that all comes to a point
today at 10:30 a.m. in courtroom for now
I understand that the court has added
another courtroom courtroom six because
they expect an overflow of journalists
and other people interested in the case
in fact we're here two hours before the
hearing starts and already I see three
or four other journalists and I've met
some Tommy fans on the street people are
very interested in this case I think it
has an international interest and you
can see that in the fact that the Lord
Chief Justice of the entire United
Kingdom will be presiding over this now
I should tell you that this appeal is
subject at least in parts to a
publication ban that's because one of
the underlying issues a rape gang trial
one of those rape gangs is still before
the courts and I can imagine they don't
want facts emanating from this appeal
that could disrupt the integrity of that
last rape gang trial so we will do our
best to report around that publication
ban but obviously we don't want to be
held in contempt either that's it for
now I'll come out from the courthouse
whenever there's a break and give more
video updates if it's allowed by the
judges I'll try to tweet from within the
courthouse but I don't think that will
be permitted you can see all of our
updates at at Tommy trial calm for the
rebel dawn media I'm Azrael avance
I'm here in London at Tommy's Court of
Appeal hearing for all of my updates go
to Tommy Trial calm
you
