yesterday she released the results to
that friendly hometown newspaper The
Boston Globe bottom line my heritage
played no role in my hiring ever now the
Boston Globe reviewed between Boston
Globe reviewed all their evidence their
verdict at every step of her remarkable
rise in the legal profession that people
responsible for hiring her saw her as a
woman yeah that that's just not true and
we know it's not true it's actually the
central characteristic why she was hired
she claims she was a woman of color
there were law reviewed journals filled
with stories about it she did TV shows
about it universities bragged about it
it's why she was hired at Harvard and
not a white male or a white female who
didn't lie but Trump got her to take
that DNA test and here's the Boston
Globe story about the DNA test
she was she gave her DNA test to them as
an exclusive thinking it would help her
let me read this senator Elizabeth
Warren releases results of DNA tests
senator burr Elizabeth Warren has
released a DNA test that provides strong
evidence she had a Native American in
her family tree dating back six to ten
generations and unprecedented move by
one of the top possible contenders for
the 2020 Democratic nomination for
president strong evidence a strong
evidence let me read some more the
analysis of Warren's DNA was done by
Carlos Bustamante a Stanford University
professor and expert in the field who
won a 2010 MacArthur Fellowship also
known as a genius grant for his work on
tracking population migration via DNA
analysis so you know the Boston Globe is
doing some heavy lifting here he
concluded that the vast majority of
Warren's ancestry is is European oh hang
on this is going off the rails but he
added that that results strongly support
the existence of an unmixed Native
American ancestor what does that mean in
English please well the global male
helps
the generational range based on the
ancestor that the report identified
suggests she's between 164 and one 1,024
foot Native American one 1024 Indian so
not not a not a half not a quarter like
when when Grandpa are not an eighth
there'll be one great great grandparent
not a sixteenth that would be one great
great one thirty-second one sixty-fourth
one 120th one 256 one 1000 I'm 250
pounds I had three ounces of eggs for
lunch I am more egg than she's Indian as
a percentage of my mass I am an egg
that's an excerpt from my daily show the
Ezra Levant show weekdays at 8:00 p.m.
Eastern every day I do a monologue
interview a guest and read my fan mail
and my hate mail to subscribe go to the
rebel da media slash shows
you
