we're talking the Trump Putin summit in
Helsinki the trumpet Putin meet
yesterday in Helsinki Global News you've
heard all about it and of course the
neocons the Democrats and the never
Trump errs are out of their minds
I thought Trump did pretty well look one
of the most powerful things Trump said
and it's very very true the US and
Russia have 90 percent of the world's
nuclear arsenal pointed out one another
yeah gotta talk they've got to come to
the table Obama destroyed the
relationship with Russia well the
mainstream media predictably said Oh
Trump is Putin's puppet he's a Kremlin
asset oh give me a break
when Trump took a hard line with North
Korea he wasn't all of a sudden a
communist right he was an America first
war monger who was gonna start World War
3 also Putin made a comment now whether
it's true or not I don't know but let's
talk about the reportage Putin said that
Bill Browder illegally made about 1.5
billion dollars in Russia and funneled
400 million of that to Hillary Clinton
now whether it's true or not doesn't
matter replace Bill Browder with Michael
Cohen and Hillary Clinton with Donald
Trump if Hillary had won the election
Putin was standing with her and he said
and Michael Cohen a 1.5 billion dollars
illegally in Russia
and funneled 400 million dollars to
Donald Trump the investigations today
would be limitless US law enforcement
would be told not to investigate
anything else only investigate that'll
be the only story in the mainstream
media nothing else about the summit
every media outlet on the planet would
be out there digging in through the
Kohen Trump Russia billions 400 million
connection you haven't heard a whisper a
whisper about that in the mainstream
media they ignore it now look do I think
Russia meddled in election of course
it's what they do we metal they metal
global intelligence services metal in
one another's dealings in one another's
countries that's what they're paid to do
Putin also did something that I
predicted right when Muller indicted
those 12 and and Rosen's died and died
of those two
GRU officers did I not tell you on my
live show and and here on off-the-cuff
that it was very dangerous precedent
because now Russia was gonna be free to
indict our intelligence operatives well
what happened Putin Muller walked right
into Putin's trap Putin said sure
Muller your investigators can come in a
rush I work with our people interview
these intelligence officers but under
the 19 under the 1999 criminal
cooperation agreement we're gonna go
after your people you're gonna help us
you gotta help if we're gonna help you
we're gonna let you in interview our
people and potentially extradite them
you're gonna do the same for yours I
said the other day Muller and Rosen's
time put our intelligence people at risk
Putin predictably look you don't even
have to be a good analyst to see that
coming you didn't even have to do what I
do for a living to see that coming you
knew that was coming if you understood
the terms of the 99 agreement of course
Putin was gonna ask for that Muller and
Rosen Stein got played they're so
hysterical they're tunnel vision is so
focused to go after Trump they didn't
even think about it now I forget Trump's
exact quote it was a great quote but he
basically said that he wasn't gonna
sacrifice peace for politics
and and it was it was a great quote it
was an historic quote that he wasn't
gonna sacrifice and you know the court
I'm talking about he wasn't gonna
sacrifice peace for politics but look
the president is tasked by the
Constitution and by the US Code with
engaging in foreign policy it's not
reason it's not inappropriate
what would a war monger neocons have
preferred tough words stable rattling
unstable markets soaring oil prices
American troops killed in skirmishes red
lines that are unenforceable reset
buttons and nothing changing in the end
and that's really what they want they
want the status quo
you know why saber rattling and tough
words mean an unstable world an unstable
world means a lot of military hardware
is produced energy prices soar markets
are volatile you make them zillion
dollars Jordan and going long and
playing the volatility the defense
industry makes billions more at the end
of the day all this hysteria has not
been to do with Trump being a Putin
asset he's not in fact Trump look Putin
in the face and said in no uncertain
terms I'll paraphrase the u.s. no matter
what you do Russia
why don't you do a Germany or the EU the
United States will be the largest
producer of energy in the world
that's not capitulation that's the
wrecked confrontation but again all goes
back to money and at the end of the day
and the ikonn to Democrats all the
critics are hysterical because peace is
far less profitable in an unstable world
and Trump is bringing global stability
making them unhinged this is really
important stuff I'm gonna be analyzing
this over the next couple of days and
you could always catch my longer
analysis in real-time and comment
interact with me on Declassified live on
the rebels YouTube channel will not be
on tomorrow I'm only gonna be here on
off-the-cuff I'm out for a training for
two days but I will see you back live on
Thursday you guys have a great one see
you then
