the Daily Mail has revealed a poll today
showing that 57% of British people
believe that police officers have no
control over our neighborhoods and that
criminals simply don't fear being caught
and okay I'm probably one of those
people and this is consistent by the way
with the statistics with the crime rates
across the UK figures released in early
January in fact I think I reported on
these figures showed that knife crime
and robbery increased last year in the
year ending September 2017 that is with
5.3 million crimes recorded in that year
and that was an increase that was an
increase of 14% over previous years and
the BBC reported on this and they said
the latest police figures for the 12
months to September from 44 forces show
68,000 968 robbery offenses of 29
percent over 138 thousand sex offences
of 23 percent over 37,000 knife crime
offences of 21 percent and almost 1.3
million violent crime offences of 20
percent seriously there were 37 thousand
443 knife crimes and 6000 694 gun crime
offences recorded in that year ending
September so is it any wonder that the
British people think that the police
don't have the resources to do the job
that they need to do and that criminals
don't fear being caught The Mail Online
reported on this and they wrote amid
skyrocketing levels of crime the poll
also reveals that a quarter of the
population don't feel safe at night in
their local area and it suggests that
one of the biggest factors behind the
recent surge in lawlessness is a lack of
bobbies on the beat an incredible 60
percent of the public say they haven't
seen a police officer in the street in
the past year the poll will increase
pressure on ministers to get a grip on
the violent crime wave engulfing the UK
and guess what
54 percent of the British public believe
that political correctness plays a part
in the soaring murder rates in our inner
cities so once again the British people
have shown that they are savvy to the
lies and the cowardice of the
politicians and the inefficiency of
politicians as well policing 'he's been
gutted while multicultural and foreign
aid projects are given billions upon
billions of pounds every single year
this simply has to end if you want to
see more from me and the rest of the
rebel team remember to Like and
subscribe
you
