a tale of two countries a tale of two
different approaches to the economy can
you guess which country is seeing the
greatest reduction in their greenhouse
gas emissions June 2018 BP statistical
review of global energy found that
declines in co2 emissions in 2017 were
led to by the United States in fact this
is the ninth time this century just 18
years into the century that the United
States has had the largest decline in
emissions in the world thanks to
fracking the study also found that the
carbon emissions from energy used in the
United States are the lowest since 1992
the next largest decline was in Ukraine
the largest increase in carbon emissions
in 2017 of course of course came from
China you know who isn't even in the top
10 of countries with the largest
reductions in co2 emissions well that
would be Canada so I thought I take a
little look back at Canada in the United
States and there are divergent ideas on
co2 emissions let's just say Donald
Trump is doing everything Canada is not
and vice-versa Trump has repealed
restrictions on drilling for oil and gas
in public lands but Trump even went one
step further
the drilling on public lands wasn't
happening fast enough for the Trump
administration so they repealed even
more regulations to expedite the process
whereas in Canada it can take years and
years and years to issue a single
regulatory permit for a single energy
project making the prospect of ever
doing oil and gas business in Canada and
welcoming and foreboding the Trump
administration digs cold Trump loves
coal miners he loves coal country he
campaigned a lot there and he loves
cheap reliable electricity Trump's
support of the coal industry has created
a bit of a renaissance for coal and of
course this is a renaissance that the
mainstream media just cannot bring
themselves to accept us happening
the mainstream media keeps predicting
the demise of the coal industry under
President Trump but coal production is
actually up and it continues to rise
meanwhile in Canada our Environment
Minister Catherine McKenna at the
federal level and closer to home here in
Alberta Environment Minister Shannon
Phillips both have a war on coal they
are promising to shudder coal-fired
electricity plants turning entire
communities into ghost towns and coal
regions like parkland County are already
seeing the bad results of those
devastating policies now let's talk
about liquefied natural gas liquefied
natural gas exports from the United
States are booming they're booming which
hurts Russian owned gas company Gazprom
if you care about those sorts of things
and I do and liberals keep telling me
they don't like Russia either in Canada
regulatory hurdles in foot-dragging by
the federal government has led Petronas
to cancel a twenty eight billion dollar
liquefied natural gas project in
northern British Columbia the world
needs natural gas they're just not going
to get it from us here in Canada they're
going to get some of it from our friends
and allies in the United States but
unfortunately they'll have a lot of
their needs met by Russia in the United
States they're building pipelines and
ignoring the ignorant opposition from
the environmentalists activist movement
who use indigenous peoples as props in
their quests against fossil fuels Trump
signed his approval for the Dakota
access pipeline and for the Keystone XL
pipeline from Alberta to Oklahoma
through on to the Gulf of Mexico here in
Canada as you know we've canceled one
pipeline Northern Gateway ignored
another one right to death Energy East
and bought yet another one trans
mountain that hasn't even seen a shovel
break the ground yet and probably won't
ever get built oh and we also overpaid
for that pipeline to Donald Trump took
his country out of the Paris Accord
exerting sovereignty over his country's
economy while Canada used the targets
they negotiated from a place of
ignorance by our environment minister
who openly admit
in Calgary that she didn't even know
what a cop or conference of parties was
before she went to Paris to negotiate
cop21 it was an excuse for the Liberals
to bring in their job-killing carbon tax
now let's look at the results of these
two different approaches to the economy
and to co2 emissions Canada's economy is
pegged to be the most underperforming
economy in the Western world and
Canada's stock market is one of the very
worst in the world right now Canada's
economy shed 31,000 full-time jobs in
May and we haven't even cracked the top
ten in co2 reductions for all the damage
that has been rocked on our economy in
the United States while they embrace
prosperity and fossil fuels and
sovereignty over their own future as
opposed to constant concessions to the
United States like what we see here in
Canada Hispanic unemployment is at
record lows black unemployment rates are
also at historic lows companies like
Apple are repatriating billions and
billions of dollars in foreign
investment back into the United States
and companies all across the United
States are announcing bonuses for their
employees as they pass along some of the
benefits and savings of Trump's
corporate tax cuts
oh and they're also reducing co2
emissions faster than any other nation
on the planet if you care about that
sort of thing and I'm not really sure
that I do instead of their persistent
petulant and childish bashing of Donald
Trump maybe canada's environmentalists
liberal government might look to trump
for solutions to a problem they think
exists a problem they keep telling me
exists because if there is a war on co2
and I'm not quite sure there is it
doesn't matter because Trump's winning
that war too for the rebel media I'm
Shiela gun Reid I'm probably a little
addicted to my phone it's my best worst
habit but I do have good news for people
out there who are like me and who are
addicted to their phone we have a new
rebel
Media mobile app is available on the
Google Play Store or the Apple App Store
download it give it a whirl and take the
other side of the story with you
wherever you go
