rhod Rosenstein challenges president
Trump yeah that disgraceful press
conference by rod Rosen Stein last week
where he announced the indictments of 12
Russian intelligence officers was
ridiculous and was designed for a couple
of reasons most of which to challenge
Donald Trump the Rosen Stein decided to
call this live presser knowing all the
networks would take it right when the
President of the United States was
meeting with the Queen of England
now who in the world his rod Rosenstein
to do that
who rod Rosen thene had no right to do
that but he did it why wouldn't he he
operates unchecked let's talk about why
it's so ludicrous for Muller and
Rosenstein who indict 12 russian
intelligence officers then have people
on the left demand they be extradited
well number one Russia in the u.s. have
no extradition treaty Russia is gonna
say no if they indicted our intelligence
people and demanded them extradited we'd
say no so it can't go anywhere but why
would Muller then indict 13 Russians
prior to this we don't know even over
there real people it's because Muller
can then say see I indited 25 Russians
no evidence of collusion no evidence
Trump had anything to do with it
intelligence services hack they metal
they do we do it they do it
Obama did it to Israel no it's to keep
the false narrative alive now we also
found out that on Friday representative
Mark Meadows from North Carolina had
articles of impeachment drawn up for Rod
Rosenstein Rosenstein the same time
calls that press conference he saves his
own job Peter struck had a disastrous
day on Thursday that's the fine made
Muller look like a fool the press
conference was an attempt to save
Muller's job this was nothing more than
deep state rebelling against the
President of the United States in a very
insubordinate way because like I said
the president was standing with the
Queen of England and most importantly
Rosenstein and Muller pull this stunt a
couple of days before today's summit
excuse me between Trump and Putin
they want to disrupt the summit they
want a forced Trump to take a hard line
the neocons the globalists want a
shooting war with russia
an adversarial relationship a hostile
relationship in the US and Russia is
much more profitable than peace and
that's all this is about this was open
rebellion by the deep state actors still
in the OJ against the President of the
United States and his foreign policy it
was to cover Rosenstein it was to cover
Muller to keep them in their jobs and
one thing is now clear Congress needs to
impeach rod Rosen Stein in the house to
impeach then it to remove him and then
Trump needs to come in and fire
everybody he needs to clean house the
problem is that bad and it needs a
thorough routing a thorough routing
front needs to come in he needs to get
rid of sessions you need to shut down
Muller and if Christopher Rea can't get
the FBI in check
you need to kick him out and they need
to bring in people who are going to
manage and respect the Constitution not
the deep state agenda I love bringing to
this content help me do it subscribe to
our premium service www.mediaed.org at
the Rebels youtube channel check out my
new show declassified live won't be with
you today in tomorrow I'm off I've got a
training both mornings back with you on
Thursday Declassified live 7:30 a.m.
Eastern on the rebels YouTube channel
you guys have a great one
