Tony Blair and Justine greening have
called for a second brexit referendum
the second referendum conundrum that
debate going on about the the people's
voters cannot become the new norm now if
of course got the people's vote campaign
from the people in the Liberal Democrats
but now we've got conservatives Tory MPs
positioning themselves as the voice of
reason calling for a second referendum
because Tory's amazed checkers deal just
isn't good enough and today the former
Education Secretary Justine greening has
said that Mays checkers proposals were a
fudge which is of course we know that
that's good breaks it tear language
about the deal in what seems to be an
attempt to be a you know a remainder in
brags a tears clothing she's using this
as an attack against the checkers deal
and well ultimately an attack on Gregson
so just in greening wrote a full article
in The Times explaining her position and
she wrote I wanted the Prime Minister's
checkers agreement to be a workable
compromise it is clear it is not levers
a right having read the details this
deal is a fudge I can't support it's the
worst of both worlds in places such as
Rotherham where I grew up
68% of people voted to leave and I
understand why my friends and family
were voting for long overdue change but
this deal won't deliver that see what I
mean this is a remainer and don't be
confused or fooled by this this woman is
a remainer trying to position herself as
the voice of reason as the voice of
Briggs it's funny how they changed their
tune when they see a threat to their
political career but this is a remain of
trying to pitch the idea as Briggs it
friendly you know hey guys if you vote
for Briggs again the politicians might
listen to you this time but well maybe
they will but maybe they won't here's
the thing this whole process is a scam
I've talked about this the other day
I've said it before the the idea of a
people's vote is a scam because the many
portrayals by our politicians in
Parliament in the House of Commons and
in the house of laws have all been
strategic and clever the brexit process
has been made purposely difficult so
that when it comes to the crunch people
can say well look Briggs it doesn't work
but we know that all the bickering all
the the scandals in Parliament over
brags it has has all been a run-up to
this it's all been a run-up to the
audits of where they have an opportunity
and say listen brexit doesn't work the
deals haven't worked therefore maybe we
should cancel the whole thing this is
how the scam works they all ends in the
second referendum where enough people
have been scared by the whole process to
decide that actually they want to remain
and Justine greening knows that because
she suggests three options for a
proposed second referendum she wrote two
years on the practical brags options are
now clear and the public should be asked
to choose between the three paths facing
our country the PM's final negotiated
brexit deal staying in the EU or a clean
break sit break and leaving with no deal
see she wants three options in this deal
including the option to just overturn
the whole thing so so while she's acting
as a a remainer in brexit ears clothing
when she's using words like fudge when
she's trying to position herself as a
champion of the working classes of
rather and somehow while she's doing
this she's laying it on thick so that
ultimately when we have this second
referendum which is proposed in the name
of common sense and decency and giving
the breaks it is the opportunity to
really prove to the politicians that
they meant what they meant that once
that happens that actually they've got
the option to remain in the EU and
hopefully all the scare mongering
hopefully all the bickering in
Parliament over the deal will have been
enough to scare the people away and make
them decide that actually we just want
to stay in the EU and this is exactly
the same proposal that former Prime
Minister Tony Blair has been talking
about recently he's popped his ugly head
back up into politics recently he's been
talking about brexit I wants to overturn
the will of the people and all this
shows us is that Blair is a liar just in
greening is a con artist and the
people's vote is a scam
former education secretary justine
greening is attempting to position
herself as the voice of reason and is
calling for a second referendum but
here's the thing no matter who proposes
the second referendum it's always always
going to be a scam
the politicians think they've made the
process so convoluted so confusing and
so disastrous that the public simply
think that brags it won't work but
they're wrong here's the thing
politicians think as little people that
plebs have no clue about anything that
were too stupid to understand brags it
but they're wrong and new polls show
that opinion research has found that 51
percent of the public think that a No
Deal is better than a bad deal with a
tiny a tiny 20% of people believing that
a bad deal is better than no deal I mean
that's quite amazing isn't it the public
are savvy to the lies of the politicians
and if the politicians in Westminster
dare try and steal brags it from under
us if they dare try and give us another
referendum in the hope that we'll vote
to remain in the EU I think they're
going to be sorely disappointed
you
