the president of United States official
state visit gives me to the UK why are
they standing with the Queen not just
standing in food but why the British
military bands of anthem the anthems
at our military services and blood
Levenstein deceptive if is done in them
now listen Russia metal metal is Palooza
Obama met of Israel's election
we met in Russia's election global
intelligence services spy affairs
that's the need to do
now he Democrats shooting or Muenster
extradite the third lesson that's today
this is so stupid
this is so stupid the list of reasons
number one the Russian military officers
and intelligence action the newest
that's like old people skills lessons in
11 hours number two they should and we
should because we have extradition
treaties and no matter their own no
extradition treaty between United States
and Russia which is I've been to places
that look Snowden about him differently
of you I think many you listen then
that's another shot but there's no worth
- did you in Russia but it's a curve for
something that would never happen
further than there was in Stein's
indictment is flat-out when you consider
that no one no intent no agency
except for Bob strike and the people
live in ever examine the DNC server now
to bylaw enforcement prosecution it
would never better conduction on any
kind of cyber crime be attacking
somebody's sentences plenty of John
Podesta polling place is rudimental
efficient spent in 1987 is opinion
hacker and can't say the DNC server this
hat because no one but God feds of a
scene the DNC server
you never get a food actually that's not
to say in a court of law any type of
computer file this the law enforcement
agencies in order to the prosecutorial
ADT never will the server if it was only
a third party company never
chain-of-evidence problem the chain of
custody covers the server have been
thrown out because of the terrible
horrible integrity of the custom of the
evidence rabbit tunnel integrity of the
chain of custody of evidence they beat
us right out a first-year law student
could get that test then why did roses
do things out 12 Russian intelligence
operatives and by the head we know that
using sonic weapons on our people
attacking us why his doing saved China
hat says why don't we not inviting
Chinese immigrants by we nothing better
defend the intelligences around the hood
reasoner's needed to further this
ridiculously fence and the bench madam
attempt evolution that's
now I'm being told you admit or do again
I'm going to try to fix this for you
hold on hold on
honey in the dark for a second
you
alright guys gotta let me know do we
have audio now guys I have all my
settings I don't
I appreciate it where the audio is set
perfectly it's just it's not it's an
issue on the receiving end do we have
audio now
gotta let me know if we've got audio
because I okay so do we have okay what
are you is good now yeah we have we have
a problem with YouTube I don't know what
they're doing it's really really really
getting annoying and I have to apologize
to you though I've got to reboot the
entire thing every show all right so
we're talking about Trump Putin I'm
gonna go back really quick what I was
saying you guys couldn't hear me
wait are we getting good audio or not
need to know if we're getting good audio
all right awesome
thanks everybody all right cool so
here's the problem we from Russia from
Putin I've got to go back to rod Rosen
Stein on Friday that's what I was
ranting about for the last five minutes
when you didn't have audio all right
can't talk about Trump Putin today if we
don't talk about Rosen Stein's moronic
indictment the other day all right he
indicted 12 Russian intelligence
officers who will never see the inside
of a courtroom it sets a dangerous
precedent the Democrats and the neocons
are begging for us to begging for Trump
to demand he put an extra byte those 12
intelligence officers demanded it
demanded it's the dumbest thing I've
ever heard and here's why we don't have
an extradition treaty with Russia nor
they with us they're not gonna give us
anybody Muller knows that mother knows
that that's why he keeps inviting
Russians it keeps the false Russia
collusion narrative alive and no Russian
ever has to walk into a courtroom but
they do this they do this on Friday
Rosenstein a guy two rungs under the
president the United States on the on
the food chain decides to call a press
conference while the President of the
United States is on an official state
visit to the UK standing with the Queen
Fanning with the Queen it's so
ridiculous that Rosenstein it announces
this bogus indictment now if you're
going to indict it and listen Russia
meddled in our elections Russia is a
competitor they're a foe they're an
adversary I wouldn't call them an enemy
because our military conducts joint
exercises with bears so I want to talk a
little bit about why this is so
ludicrous why this is all so ludicrous
Rosen Stein goes and he invites these
twelve Russian intelligence officers now
what happens when Russia starts and
iting our intelligence officers because
it's gonna happen they hack us we had
them Obama meddled in Israel's elections
but what happens now when countries
around the world start start inviting
our people it was a stupid thing that
Rosenstein in the deep state did to try
to keep the fake russia collusion
narrative alive john zealand says what a
putin does actually that he won't he
won't extradite his intelligence
officers we wouldn't extradite hours we
would next straight hours you'd never
have anybody ever again apply to work in
an intelligence agency if the government
they work for is extraditing them for
work the government they work for
ordered them to do it would shut down
intelligence it this is the dumbest
thing I've ever heard the Rosen Stein
does this he preempts the president's
visit with the Queen on television for
his presser her Rosen signs press
conference that in and of itself is
insubordinate and borderline seditious
the optics of Rosen Stein's press
conference are really weird he's up
there on his podium is that there's two
thuggy looking guys behind him with
their arms folded he was that was a that
was a message the Donald Trump that
we're at war with you DOJ and deep state
are at war with you and we're gonna keep
this up it's there's no look we hack
they hack in biting twelve GRU officers
now let's talk about the hack explain to
me how John Podesta using password his
password and falling for a 1997 or a
phishing scam is a hack it's not now I
know a thing or two about law
enforcement you will never you will
never get a conviction ever in this case
with regards to the DNC server there's
only been one entity that's ever been
able to look at the DNC server and it's
not the FBI it's not law enforcement
it's a private company CrowdStrike there
are so many problems with the the chain
of custody of the evidence there that a
first-year law student could have that
case thrown out that this is ridiculous
this was all designed to keep the fake
collusion narrative alive because Peter
struck bombed in his testimony last week
and to disrupt the
Trump Putin summit today that's what
this was all about this was designed for
that reason and that reason alone the
disrupt the summit today
you put Trump in a position where no
matter what he does the left and the
neocons and the Democrats and the never
Trump errs could could accuse him of
going soft on Putin if he doesn't demand
extradition he's going soft on Putin now
like I said what happens in Russia
starts inviting our intelligence people
working inside the u.s. demanding we
extra that done we're gonna laugh in
their face - the bigger question is if
this is truly about truly about holding
foreign intelligence services to task /
legal behavior
why are they not indicted Cuban and
Chinese intelligence why why are they
not indicted Cuban and Chinese
intelligence services and I know we've
got some stream issues again today guys
not much I can do about that I'm sorry
we are seeing I'm seeing it again it's
I've got it on youtubes end we're trying
here but it's really really difficult
though I got to apologize to you it's
it's been very very tough dealing with
this YouTube stream I'm gonna try to
figure out something here for you played
with a lot of settings over the weekend
but why are we not indicted the Chinese
and why are we not in that in the Cubans
we know they used sonic weapons against
us we know they hack us we know they
operate against our people they've
injured our people with these sonic
weapons why no indictments on them oh
because Trump isn't accused of colluding
with them there's no false narrative to
keep alive Rosen Steinem here's the
other piece of this you might not have
understood mark Meadows Republican
senator from North Carolina chairman of
the freedom caucus had articles of
impeachment for Rosenstein on the House
floor right around the same exact time
that Rosen Stein called a press
conference that preempted the president
that kept the Russia collusion narrative
alive that that helped Muller continue
with his which on hoax this is
ridiculous this is stupid
wasting taxpayer time and money in
biting 12 russian intelligence officers
who will never see the inside of a
courtroom now Muller also indicted 13
Russian what Evers people entities we
don't even know what they Muller get to
say now well
I invited 25 Russians about three guilty
please and have mana for up on charges
well you indicted 25 Russians that have
nothing to do with anything there's no
evidence of collusion none whatsoever
none
25 Russians no evidence of collusion
guys we again I'm sorry
the
trying to fix this stream for you let me
know if it I'm sorry guys I know we we
keep having this problem on the back end
I've got all green lights on my end
telling me everything is great the
stream rate is great and on the backend
with YouTube I keep getting cold
I keep getting told that there's a
problem
and I'm you know if we
um this is uh this is terrible I don't
know why we keep having this problem and
I kid you not when I look down here at
my streams I'm running speed tests with
my with my machine is a dedicate I use a
dedicated machine for this nothing else
running on it we have a fast broadcast
quality connection this is uh everything
is on youtubes end I'm watching my
stream rates here outgoing are actually
higher than I even had them set
something's happening on the back end
it's very very difficult to do this but
anyway so today's Trump Putin summit so
with the left and the neocons want to
see after Rosen Stein's grandstanding
and what I was saying was was um the
indictments 25 Russians indicted he'll
never see the inside of a courtroom
general Flynn Papadopoulos pled to bogus
false statements and Rick gates the old
financial crimes
jacque Kumar jawed lob says what do I
think about Russia's interference in
Syria is it interference aliens
interference Assad invited them in Assad
invited them in Russia's been that we
know that and they've been a serious a
very complex issue a very complex issue
Iran wants the Shia Crescent they all
want to be on Israel's doorstep Iran
does anyway theory or though left to its
own devices is relatively secular Russia
like Syria for the strategic geography
it's a really complex issue but it's a
place the neocons want us in a shooting
war and we don't want to be in a
shooting war the Dems and the neocons
also want us in a shooting war with
Russia we don't want to be in a shooting
war with Russia and I have to apologize
again guys the for the stream it's just
terrible and we're being I don't know if
we're being throttled I don't know what
it is but it's it's horrible having to
deal with this funny thing is I never
have issues with uploading or or sending
signal up until I start at and I'm not a
conspiratorial guys probably a
coincident until I start talking about
deep state Rosenstein Muller it's almost
on cue when I say those names my
bandwidth and my stream starts to freeze
it's bizarre it's absolutely bizarre
I don't like to believe things like that
but and it's what the funny thing is if
you notice it froze right after I talked
about it freezing when I mentioned
Muller and Rosen Stein's names
yeah that's actually pretty funny right
but uh now the Trump Putin summit so
what do I expect from it well trumps now
going in under the cloud of this bogus
indictment I suspect Trump's gonna say
hey we did it
your guys meddled some guys that work
for me decided this was a good idea it
is what it is you want to extradite them
no all right we've got no extradition
treaty nothing I can really do which is
true it would be absolutely ridiculous
absolutely ridiculous
or Muller perform Allah or prompt to
storm out of the meeting if Putin
doesn't extradite people because we have
no extradition treaty with Putin and the
funny thing is I said the word Muller if
you guys noticed that the word Muller
and the stream froze again if I were a
conspiratorial guy I might believe
there's something to it anyway it's so
it's so silly and I wish I could show
you a second camera shot of what I'm
looking at here on my local control
panel all green lights blazing fast
speed out and a signal from YouTube to
our our end all green lights on the
stream they receive
it's amazing it's absolutely amazing and
demo demo sighted softly I'm not
paranoid I don't believe in conspiracies
I believe that this is uh I believe that
this is all coincidental but man it's a
series of really interesting
coincidences right so going into the
summit I think I think Trump is gonna
have to hold a hard-line entre to hold
the hardline on Russian military
interference he's going to have to
Justice is clear and I hope one of our
admins are here because you're gonna get
blocked now from the show you are going
to be blocked from the show and removed
because if you ever glorify cop killers
on this show you're no longer welcome on
this
so you were timed out you're gonna be
permanently banned and blocked next time
so
a big Trump who's got to go in there
he's got to take a hard line with Russia
he's got to be tough he's got to be
strong
he can't harp on any of the issues DOJ
wants him to harp on because they're not
gonna go easy Muller is going to keep on
going until he can issue a report for
impeachment of Donald Trump
that's his endgame that's what he wants
that's what he wants that's all he cares
about is impeaching this president
I don't believe Muller is an honest
ethical actor I don't believe in Muller
has the country's best interests at
heart I believe Muller needs his scalps
and that's what he's going for now
somebody else needs to tell me when I
want to move on to this subject of this
police officer killed yesterday in
Weymouth Massachusetts and four other
cops shot around the country at the same
time these morons are protesting in
Chicago but I want to say this somebody
still needs to explain to me how John
Podesta calling for a 1997 phishing scam
prevented Hillary from effectively
campaigning in Michigan Pennsylvania and
Wisconsin
now that all prevented Hillary from
running the world's worst campaign and
being incredibly unlikable hillary lost
the election no one liked her not
likable now i'm gonna go back to all
your comments on russia and and trump
Putin and Rosen's time and I want to
talk about a really deadly day yesterday
while a dangerous day for police
officers we had three shot in the Kansas
City area another shot elsewhere and one
murdered a police officer a lesson is
chezj not 42 years old in Weymouth
Massachusetts oh look at that look at
that
right when I start talking about Hillary
losing and Pennsylvania Wisconsin and
Michigan the stream freezes again is it
an amazing
it's just this is great either I'm gonna
still say these are coincidences but
they're the most coincidental
coincidences mmm I've ever experienced
in my life
so anyway we had five police officers
shot one kill now police officer says
'no up in Weymouth Massachusetts tragic
case this is for all the morons and I
know steel anvil is gonna be cheering me
on with this one who say please shot an
unarmed man let me tell you a little bit
I've learned about police officer Desna
police officer Chesney is an Iraq
veteran okay police officer says 'no was
an NCO under the command of a very good
friend of mine II knew him very very
well police officer Michael Chaz de was
a rock star noncommissioned officer on
the battlefield in Afghanistan and I and
I say that I say that if this was not a
guy I don't hear Monday Morning
Quarterback saying oh he probably let
his guard down this guy probably let the
guy get the drop on him no no I my buddy
was was uh I won't say what unity they
were in but it's a famed fighting unit
where Chaz know was an NCO and
universally well-liked well regarded as
a top-notch pro he drew his weapon but
this local drug dealer guy named Lopez
beat him with a rock took his gun shot
him in the chest and shot him in the
head he simply the police officer lost
that fight this is why when I hear the
terms unarmed victim we shoot unarmed
victim or routine cars of water cops
have their guns out on routine car stops
go on patrol one day and tell me after
your shift one shift go work where I
work in the hood you tell me how many
car stops our routine you tell me how
not dangerous unarmed suspects are go
and tell me it's disgraceful this is all
I believe part and parcel part and
parcel
the the
Obama's war on police thugs are still
emboldened
so what do we see we see this a
situation we see the situation in
Chicago this terrible situation in
Chicago where people are protesting the
police for shooting a bad guy
protests cops are being injured people
are rushing barricades they're rushing
the police they're trying to beat oh
look at that our stream froze again
they're trying to beat up cops why why
they thought that was unarmed there's
neighborhood people said he was he was
shot in the back
because neighborhood people said he was
know if you watch the video released
yesterday by the Chicago Police
Department not only was the guy armed he
was so bold he was carrying in a holster
with a mag carrier on the other side
this guy was carrying practically on the
street in Chicago police went into a
legal stop and frisk the bad guys spun
away hit one of the cops what you ran
fun again tried to grab his weapon at
which point of Chicago Police Officer
put him down
Gobbo police officer put him down
rightfully so x-book good shooting but
but the thug culture in Chicago didn't
see it that way right they would have
rather the police be shot and killed at
the same time they screaming Yellin say
why are the police doing nothing in our
areas why why are the police not
policing they are but when they
justifiably and legally shoot a bad guy
who was trying to kill them you protest
the police so why would the police why
would the police bother to be proactive
in your neighborhood real girl 833 I
assume they don't have open carry well
you should know you know Chicago you
know Chicago doesn't have open carry and
even if Chicago had open carry a thug
trying to kill the police with that
weapon is not a legal form of open carry
he was illegally carrying a gun he got
what he deserve and what he had coming
to him look in deadly force situations
the police when they used deadly force
are not the ones who make the decision
to deploy the deadly force the bad guys
make the decision or the police deploy
deadly force if you are committing a
crime and you pull a gun on a cop or on
a legally armed person it isn't that
police officer that legally armed person
who decided to shoot and kill you it's
you you made the decision for them who
draw their weapon and shoot and kill you
by your actions your actions your
actions are the ones your actions now
are there bad shootings of course the
shooting of Walter Scott by officer
Michael Slager and the Carolinas that
was a bad shooting sluggers being
criminally prosecuted justine Damon in
Minneapolis st. Paul by that Somali
Muslim immigrant cop and shooting cops
being prosecuted when cops are wrong
I'll say they're wrong but 99.99 steel
anvil saying seconds folks seconds
that's all it takes I'll go one further
steel milliseconds milliseconds
but but you're right steel beckons when
cops do wrong I'll call him out but
99.999999% the police shootings we see
or good shootings very good shootings
this one in Chicago was a great shooting
great shooting the video clearly shows
the bad guy was armed clearly shows the
bad guy reaching for his firearm and the
police shot and cut and dry case closed
the investigation was over before it
ever started
the investigation was over before I
never started
it's just tragic that we have new
absolutely tragic that we have to put
these cops through the ringer and have
these police officers vilified have
police officers hurt in demonstrations
in Chicago
it's just stupid it's silly it's
absolutely silly yeah steel anvil says
good shoot it was a good shoot hu was it
absolutely great you
ah Huns weather niggas asking me but I
think I'm gonna go back track hear about
Turkey invading Syria and an illegal war
of aggression with US air support
Turkey's a NATO member we could debate
why that's not a good thing why that
might be a good thing
night and day but that's just the deal
we cut years back just the deal we cut
Daniel Bush now you have a great day
have a great day I apologize we had
these issues I really do the streaming
issues we're gonna have to see what's
going on in the back end with YouTube
mm-hmm you know drops bombs said
something interesting about this
police-involved I'm gonna start taking
your comments now what up Gordon's
around areas and get the police not to
go inside then see how long till they
come crying you know that cities do that
cities that don't have a lot of police
manpower will essentially do just that
and only respond to the worst he only
responded the worst situation not the
worst idea and earlier in the show and I
didn't have audio I mentioned you could
super chat you could donate you get
super chat little icon right there on
the bottom right under where it says
rubble media next to the smiley face
let's see so what do we got in terms of
questions we have a lot
Don Zeeland says Rosenstein just did it
for the fake news media to shovel more
on Trump
I agree most people do heap state knows
it's just above water and the tide is
coming in fast John Zeeland says John I
agree
I hope so we got to get rid of Rosen's
time we gotta get rid of Jeff session
gotta get rid of Jeff session we let's
see now we're taking it's it's really
interesting right now that we're taking
questions and I'm not calling out
certain individuals in the DOJ or stream
is fine
I don't know I don't know
the globalists are not happy with the
Trump Putin meeting that means too good
it's a good timing for the world snow
cloud says you know what's really
interesting the EU if you look at my
Twitter page at John Cardillo up and as
soon as I commented on the stream being
taken down and it's streaming well it
stops raining again even though I'm good
all Greenland
unbelievable unbelievable that is
absolutely absolutely awesome you gotta
love it
but yeah there was a on my Twitter I put
something up this morning about
the deep state and how they are
Europeans the globalists in Europe and
trying to find it for you how the
globalists in Europe are at least
admitting yayyy you official urges Trump
and Putin not to destroy the global
order at least they're admitting it more
than the Democrats and the neocons here
in the US do right they don't admit that
this is about a new world order they
don't admit that at all
Enoch says I've been seeing many live
streams from right-wing sources lagging
and buffering the last few days I are I
suspect they are test driving the AI
screening of uploading content I don't
know I don't know I just know that it my
stream freezes at opportune moments with
certain content other content it's
blazing fast there's no problem hmm
let's see what else we got here why do
we have to go to World War 3 because
incompetent Podesta used password for
his password exactly that's what many
many people want to know many people
want to know that oh steel anvil you're
going to the funeral up in Weymouth for
chairs no awesome man yeah I've got a
bunch of buddies going to that as well
Oh always ruff always ruff
Robert Jackson asked me do I think Trump
is gonna up the pressure on FBI dij when
he gets home the evidence is on his side
now only the super libs would freak when
they don't he should he should and there
were some new polls and even leftist law
professors are admitting that if Trump
were to fire mullah Rosenstein in
sessions his wouldn't he would not take
one point of political hit
he would not
you
at one point of political hit
and trying to get this stream back for
you let's see what else we've got here
nobody keeps asking me if ben shapiro
should be President of the United States
no I don't want jakku marjatta no I
don't want Ben Shapiro as president of
the United States Ben Shapiro is a
commentator he's not a politician no
reason for Ben Shapiro to be President
of the United States okay let's see what
else we got here I'm going through your
comments
uh somebody goes that's not why she lost
dude exposure of her high crimes and
misdemeanors to 90% of the citizenry who
aren't as super it would be why badly
too many of those will not hold Donald J
Trump I don't know you mean Hillary lost
because she didn't campaign Hillary had
a lot of supporters Hillary lost by
razor thin margins in Wisconsin
Pennsylvania Ohio and Michigan it had
nothing did nobody nobody on the Left
cared about Hillary crimes nobody on the
right cared about Donald Trump sleeping
with porn stars had nothing to do with
it it had to do with the fact that
Hillary's economic message when you go
to Pennsylvania and tell coal miners you
got to put them out of business and when
you go and talk about free trade with
countries that are charging tariffs and
putting on the auto industry out of
business and the steel industry out of
business when we're not charging tariffs
you're gonna lose votes
Hillary campaigned horribly horribly in
those states that nobody really cares
about Hillary didn't lose because of her
emails Hillary lost because she
campaigned very very poorly
he was cleared in the email scandal if
anything had energized her bass
energized her bass
let's see when an all-out lure will
check - let's see when an all-out war
will be in Europe against immigrants if
Trump won't rule that America might
interfere no I think America is gonna
leave America Europe
due to their own devices we have alright
real girl 8:33 says I was hugely
disappointed when Trump didn't make
Giuliani Attorney General
well the real story is Trump wanted Rudy
her attorney general Rudy wanted to be
Secretary of State he didn't want
Attorney General he turned it down a
move they all regret now Rudy wanted
Secretary of State when Trump it and
give it to him he got insulted he didn't
want any other job he declined Attorney
General he was the first choice and
people very close to Trump have told me
that Rudy was the first choice in fact I
had somebody very close to the president
say to me Jeff Sessions was our biggest
mistake could have been Rudy Rudy should
have taken the job
so Rudy Guiliani was their first choice
yo cartridge says no matter what a
message would have been I wouldn't have
voted for Hillary exactly he was also
very unlikable very very unlikable
and that's one of the main reasons
Hilary lost likability likability real
girl says sad he would have been better
at Secretary of State - well I mean
Pompeo is doing a damn good job
he'll erson was horrible was absolutely
horrible the worst
the absolute worst choice but again a
lot of the choices Trump was forced to
make early on were dictated to him by
the deep state by the globalist by the
neocons
let's see what else we got here
sino-russian ties extremely dangerous
remodeling moderately dangerous the
world nods business as usual I don't
think it's dangerous at all hmm being
bonkers a Barclay said who'd sold Jeff
sessions to the Trump team
well interesting right the jet sessions
was one of the first senators to get on
board for Trump and when Rudy didn't
want AG yes sessions having had been
having been a US Attorney was a logical
choice he expressed interest in the job
from liked and trusted him but he turned
out to be a disaster and you can bet
your bottom dollar that guys like Reince
Priebus were also behind that decision
you know previous is out Katie Walsh is
out they all leaked they were never
allies they were all never Trump errs
what can you do what can you do
easton guy do I think Hillary Rodham
Clinton was además demon-possessed as
according to Alex Jones I think Alex
Jones was nuts and do I think Hillary
was satisfied diamond no I think Hillary
is possessed by ambition and a sense of
entitlement to the Oval Office Hillary
is possessed by greed by a superiority
complex and elitism complex no I don't
think demons possessed Hillary Clinton
hmm so
was Jeff Sessions a part of the
insurance plan no I think what they were
referring to the insurance policy was
Muller and they were referring to their
little cabal in the 7th floor of the FBI
homey mccabe sprach people at DOJ like
Bruce or Nellie or the fusion GPS people
etc that's what I think they were
sessions was a while sessions was really
a patsy i think jeff sessions went in
there and he he governed well government
manage didn't govern the Attorney
General he managed by consensus like he
did in the Senate so in other words you
went to Rosen Stein and all these and he
said well how should I handle this
recuse he probably called a bunch of
other deep state guys Oh Jeff you need
to recuse let rod handle everything
knowing Rosen Stein was their guy
the billion says President Trump is a
patriot he loves his family that's why
he wants walls with a great big door and
a huge walk will eat open for those who
knock and will use ice for those
they tried to break in here yeah well we
need that wall yeah love Rosco says
greed she's possessed by the demons of
greed
literally I'm gatekeeping now out of
here oh so if I don't buy into Alex
Jones craziness and believe that Hillary
Clinton was possessed by the devil
then you don't want to watch my show
okay
I don't know what to say to that lol
scrappy goes his demons own up as people
have already decided to do the devil's
work yeah that's a that's a fair point I
think Hillary and Bill Clinton are
inherently bad people I think America
saw that there were bad people
president son president Trump's son play
is a picture of the role of a good
father for this nation well they seem
like I know I know the Don jr. and I
know some other members of the family
and they're nice people
young zealand trumpet oh he's got a
clear head never drank or smoked always
listen to what the drunks were saying
that's true
great observation that's true hmm Merck
bad says in Australia we have a wall
it's called a sea it keeps a lot of the
floating scum out with the aid of our
Navy yeah but instead of better
but look America we unfortunately have
that long border with Mexico we've got
that long border with Canada and so it's
a lot harder to secure to maintain a lot
harder
it is simply simply much more difficult
but look they need to be some changes at
Department of Justice right now what I
was told by people staffers in the US
Senate
is that the reason Trump isn't firing
sessions is because him getting somebody
else confirmed is gonna be impossible he
also needs Mitch McConnell who pushed
through judge Cavanaugh and McConnell in
sessions are old friends McConnell
doesn't want to see sessions fired in
disgrace
rogue one says there is a serious
spiritual element at play in all things
yes but it's not the guiding factor
demonic possession is not why Hillary
Clinton lost the election
Hillary lost the election because she
ran the most horrible campaign in
electoral history
that's why
drops bombs says we in Europe have the
worst borders you guys need that wall
ASAP oh yeah we do we need the wall we
need our military on the border we need
more ice agents we need a lot we need a
lot more thing
being bonkers at Berkeley says Alex
isn't nuts at all but he takes the
legitimate outrage to 11 on the volume
now about everything that's not an
accurate representation of what alex
lays out he acknowledges HRC's on
pension I mean Alex Jones Alex Jones
denied 9/11 and denied Sandy Hook it's a
conspiracy theorist I don't care how he
tries to reinvent himself he earned
money off of the blood of innocents
friends of mine who were killed
I'll never respect the man never has he
had some as he has he hit some homers
tour but broken clocks are also right
twice a day and when the guy acts like a
normal human being he tends to important
good information then he reverts back to
being a lunatic for money though zero
respect for people that would rather
float conspiracy theories over facts
a real girls real girl says by all means
let's continue this sessions can save
face disgusting isn't it but that's
sadly what's happening
look Rosenstein acts like the assert
Attorney General Sessions acts like a
rank-and-file staff lawyer the other day
Rosen Stein's out there talking about
ending Russians sessions is send some
state talking to cops local cops about
fentanyl the optics were terrible john
Zeeland says johnny is the true
impeachment is in the works for Rosie
yeah
mark Meadows a chairman of the freedom
caucus Republican congressman from North
Carolina has the articles of impeachment
drawn up so yes that is true that is
true
what about TSA immunity to do anything
Oh
tsa is getting sovereign immunity it
happens to all government agencies if
they grope you you can't sue them it's
ridiculous we'll see if it's upheld on
appeal because they're not technically
law enforcement we have to see if
sovereign immunity will withstand
challenges in court
let's see what else we've got
Frances Smith says Hilary lost because
she thought she had it in the bag
underestimated the American people
exactly exactly Hillary felt entitled
and as a result as a result she lost the
election because she didn't campaign
where she should have been campaigning
I don't respect them but Alex is a
powerhouse we wouldn't be where we are
today if it wasn't for him playing a
role I couldn't see that he mobilized a
fringe portion of the base but I don't
respect them is he a media powerhouse
yes
does he mobilize a good portion of
people absolutely but I don't respect
somebody who lies to you and tells you
the truth cuz you never know what you're
getting you never know what you're
getting and I think that we in this
business oh people the truth we don't we
do a disservice if we spew concedes
conspiracy theories to make money and
then infuse the truth to legitimize the
conspiracy theory
I think we do a great great disservice
and unfortunately we're still having
these these terrible buffering issues I
don't know why but the the excuse I'm
getting from YouTube is that the way
they are not receiving a signal from me
but my machine is my my machine is
telling me we're getting we're sending
them a great signal so I don't know he's
telling me we're sending them a great
signal
being bonkers that tell me specifically
when Alex Jones lied well I think you
need to look that up for yourself
there's too many instances the cover in
one show Merck baat says hey YouTube we
get the message
and unfortunately I keep getting this
odd error message from YouTube I don't
know why but if it freezes again what
I'm gonna do is hmm
drop bomb says there's a stream jam when
certain election losses are mentioned in
chat sure seems that way doesn't it
it seems that way doesn't it
or does
I mean Hillary felt entitled and so did
a legion of her followers those who have
no respect for de menthe respect for
democracy hence the riots and screaming
yeah that's very true very very true
Hillary is uh hmm Hillary's Hillary he
wants to run again the Democratic Party
wants to get rid of her they want her
gone they want nothing to do with her
the Democratic Party can't stand Hillary
he's blocking younger I hope she does I
hope Hillary does run again it'll be a
landslide against haribol haribol
I'm gonna answer being bonkers because
they won't leave me alone about Alex
Jones at Sandy Hook never happened that
the family were crying there's a crisis
actors the 9/11 never happened that
there was a Russian air base in upstate
New York which was an old airplane
graveyard an airplane junkyard that my
friends and I would go to and the list
goes on and on and on Jones is a lunatic
conspiracy theorist
who spews nonsense and then once in a
while puts out a true story but I'm not
gonna sit here on my show and talk about
my god so there's three examples go
research some more for yourself and you
will find that look I love that you
watch the show but here's what I'm never
gonna do I'm never gonna give you
conspiracy theories that sound cool
never never I'm gonna give you the truth
well researched well vetted fact not
crazy conspiracy theories Alex Jones
said that 9/11 was an inside job yes he
did he's a 9/11 conspiracy let's top top
that it never happened the way the
official story said it happened now I
give you the truth I give you evidence
based analysis if you want
houki conspiracy theories if you want
loony I don't know hidden foil hat
craziness if you want me to analyze
Hillary's loss through the lens of
Hillary being possessed by demons it's
just not I'm never gonna do that I'm not
gonna lie to you that's never a show I'm
gonna bring you I'm just not gonna do it
I'm not gonna do it John Zeeland says
also in the desert was as my Tommy to
cover his upcoming appeal to rebel is
the only news outlet he trusts to give
him a fair shake what's happening Tommy
Robinson is disgraceful disgraceful and
then you've got that moron Mayor of
London Sadiq Khan talking about free
speech while Tommy's rotting in jail and
City of London shuts down free speech
where people in the UK are visited by
the police for giving the finger to the
traffic camera
it's disgraceful absolutely disgraceful
the ol anvil says well Matt says I don't
know John might be sectioning off your
bass that's okay but I'm not gonna lie
in Stu conspiracy theories to keep an
audience I have more ethics and
integrity than that heel anvil was down
there on 9/11 handing out buckets Hill
was there he knows he knows rogue one
says I'm gatekeeping somebody's asking
me why I'm showing my pagan pies ah I
get its away so if I don't believe in
conspiracy theories I don't believe that
that Hilary lost the election because
she was possessed by demons I'm I'm
gatekeeping I'm gatekeeping and I'm
showing now me pagan well twelve years
of Catholic school trust me I'm not a
pagan but but here's the here's the
three thirteen mandroids as my show is
disgraceful
because I won't you conspiracy
all right here's the reality I'm not
even using I'm not even using an
internet connection this is all I'm bro
I'm actually coming to you from the
future I'm broadcasting from the future
on a new technology that YouTube can't
really understand and I'm gonna give you
prediction and I'm gonna create a reddit
persona and tell you guys that I'm some
super secret government agent some super
secret government agent who hides I but
I I you don't have this invisibility
cloak that was invented in 20 years so I
can hide me oh so I came back in time
and I hide in the Oval Office I tell you
what Trump saying I mean do you guys
really want that is that really the kind
of analysis you want really or do you
want real analysis the reality is Matt
says I'm an Illuminati reptilian
confirmed I wish I was how cool would it
be to be one of those people and have
all that insight knowledge or one of
those things Frank Kannan may allowing
this insulting balloon to fly near
Parliament is a disgrace and an insult
yeah and would they and would oh behind
my left shoulder my my obelisk it's not
just that I thought it was a cool symbol
the Washington Monument it has to be
that yeah
Sadiq Khan and Theresa May are letting
that balloon fly excuse me would they
would they be as willing to let aan anti
Sadiq Khan balloon fly or a balloon of
Mohammed with a bomb for a hat would
they let that fly
he'll anvil says my gun blow glows blue
in or observe
oh god it's gone bah then glowing blue
all week in fact I'm gonna make you to
show with night vision one day so you
can see all the orbs floating around the
studio I don't have to research the orbs
give it to me
the orbs up and we fro see you guys
wanted to talk about orbs and we froze
you guys wanted to talk about orbs and
we froze keep doing it to me
um that I read Tommy's letter no I
didn't I you know I think what's
happening Tommy's terrible but Ezra's
doing such a great job covering it that
I focus more on the US side of the world
but we're gonna touch on it we're
certainly gonna touch on it and let's
say Frasier McBurney donate a five bucks
thanks Frasier Trudeau in the USA are
allowing over 800 invaders a day in a
Canada the cities had to can't afford to
house them
exactly exactly can't afford to house
any any any more illegals neither
country again Matt says see you can't
talk about the orbs and being from the
future I know I know they they want to
keep cutting me off
you guys I mean really no I'm sure I'll
start bringing you the conspiracy crazy
show every day Hugh came to my house
last night but they three o'clock in the
morning you came to my house but I
couldn't see him he was in he was dark
and his voice but we all we talked about
all kinds of things he knows from his
super secret it's super secret perch
inside government I just can't do it I
just can't do it I don't understand how
people buy into this stuff it's just
maybe I'll create a another persona I'll
call myself SC I yeah I have super
secret clearance my SC i clear
I will I'll start doing the show with a
black screen with my voice altered and
will um I'll bring you the show like
that and I'll tell you all these crazy
theories I'll tell you like how Trump
and and Muller have a secret handshake
and a fist bump and they wink to each
other on camera and that's how we know
that's how we know mat that was a pretty
funny comment that's how we know that
there's nothing's gonna happen
interrupts they're all really working
behind the scenes to take down Hillary
in the deep state and Huma Abedin Huma
Abedin isn't even a woman he's actually
a guy in disguise she's been secretly
infiltrating Hillary for years
because we knew that Trump was going to
become president Muller was going to be
appointed special counsel know we're
gonna be able to take down the deep
state that's you know it's sad if one of
these conspiracy Kooks floated that
people would believe it they would
believe it
no it's really nuts I don't know I don't
know maybe maybe I do my show the wrong
way maybe I shouldn't excuse me maybe I
shouldn't do my show with factual
analysis accurate now maybe I really
should maybe every day I should do a
satire conspiracy theory show for you
that might be cool like tomorrow we'll
say the Trump Luton summit never even
happened
a Trump was on his golf course in
Bedminster and Putin was wrestling
grizzly bears in Siberia what would
really went on was they were just two
holograms designed to make the global
let's go crazy and expose the globalist
while Trump and Putin were doing other
things
Trump was actually playing golf with
Sean Hannity it wasn't Sean Hannity on
television that was also a hologram and
and Yael says please don't eat but Gayle
this is so much more fun and then it so
the Trump and Putin holograms met and
there weren't even really 12 Russians
indicted no that was all done so that he
gave the hologram something to talk
about and really behind the scenes the
Illuminati they're meeting at Bilderberg
to figure out who the president is gonna
be in 2024 so none of this none of what
you're saying in fact it's the matrix
it's what you've just all asleep and the
the code the code is changed I mean is
that really the show you want is that
really the analysis you want no of
course you don't I see it with your
comments and you're laughing and you
know that I'm kidding Matt the facts we
only need the facts exactly exactly and
the facts are
look these people in government even at
the top of the deep state aren't like
you they're like me they've got the same
motivations same ambitions they do
things they do things to keep themselves
employed they do things that the people
they're aligned with have more power
there are no super secret cabal
there is no plan to bring down Hillary
Jeff Sessions is not working with Muller
to bring that now know from disrupted
the global order he disrupted the global
order
and they're hysterical it's about money
when Trump came in John McCain was
hysterical because he knew Trump wasn't
a hawk John McCain has literally
hundreds of millions if not billions
invested with not personally in death
but over his career he's helped the
defense industry they've helped with
their lobbying and donation dollars yet
the people he needs under him elected
hit the people he can control in DC
elected or appointed a guy like John
McCain hated Trump not ideologically
McCain's not an ideologue nor his Trump
it's because Trump represented a threat
to the money
to the power that's all it was ever
about that's all it was ever about
and when we come back guys I'm gonna end
the broadcast because they're killing
our stream again I am off tomorrow and
Wednesday I won't be back with you until
Thursday I've got a class as a training
for two days on tomorrow and Wednesday
early morning until late morning I won't
be here but I will be back with you on
Wednesday right here on the classified
live
thanks so much maybe we will do that
spoof conspiracy theory show and you can
tell me which one you like better will
infuse some real facts are there any way
you guys have a great couple of days
I'll see you on Thursday morning
you
