one Ontario doctor has lost his medical
license for doing exactly what radical
trans activists would want him to do
while yet another doctor was vindicated
for doing the right thing now this is a
rare moment rare in 2018 when sanity has
prevailed and I think we all need to
take a moment to stop and appreciate it
a London Ontario doctor who specializes
in transgender care has been stripped of
his medical license and fined $6,000 dr.
James Martin also agreed to never apply
for a medical license in Ontario or
anywhere else ever again the Ontario
College of Physicians and Surgeons
received two complaints in 2016 now
according to CTV News during that time
dr. Martin was seeing about 30 patients
a week at his practice that focuses on
transgender care and hormone replacement
therapy now in the first complaint an
adolescent female to male transgender
patient came in seeking a mastectomy
this is a minor child and dr. Martin
prescribed a child cross-sex hormones at
the very first appointment the complaint
said dr. Martin didn't give the young
patient time to think about the risks of
the treatment and didn't bother to
assess the child's mental health he just
whipped out his prescription pad for
puberty blockers in testosterone and
sent the child out the door into the
world the second complaint against dr.
Martin stems from another time
he prescribed cross-sex hormones to a
patient on the first visit after meeting
the person for all of a whopping 30
minutes now this isn't dr. Martin's
first go-round with bad medicine though
in 2016 he was ordered to have a
clinical advisor for his work in
transgender care the Ontario Health
Ministry also expressed concerns about
dr. Martin's billing practices and dr.
Martin moved into transgender care
because in a former life he was a
fertility doctor and he was disciplined
in 2014 for over treating his female
patients with intrauterine insemination
but being a weirdo doctor I think is the
family business dr. Martens wife lost
her medical license for two years after
she mistreated more than 20 of her
patients including one whose remaining
ovary was removed by her husband that's
the aforementioned dr. Martin without
the patient's consent on the flip side
though is dr. Kennedy Zucker
who headed up the family gender identity
clinic for more than 30 years in Toronto
he was fired in 2015 because under his
tutelage the clinic focused on watchful
waiting and education as opposed to
immediate medical intervention when it
came to minors who identified his
transgender activists accused him of
practicing conversion therapy and abuse
whereas dr. Zucker said he was treating
each patient on a case-by-case basis and
he even expressed fear that the field of
gender dysphoria has been poisoned by
politics and this week dr. Zucker was
vindicated and received an apology from
the Centre for Addiction and Mental
Health oh and a half a million dollar
settlement to cover his damages legal
fees and interest dr. Zucker was right
not to bow to political and activist
pressure in the face of scientific data
and Brown University was absolutely
wrong to throw science out the window
and bend a knee to the outraged mob when
they pulled a peer-review study at the
behest of transgender activists now the
National Review Online reports the study
described a new phenomenon called rapid
onset gender dysphoria when a young
person who did not show signs of gender
dysphoria in childhood develops symptoms
suddenly and rapidly after puberty the
study's author said there was reason to
believe that some may be suffering from
underlying and pre-existing psychiatric
conditions that sort of thing you treat
with therapy and maybe psychiatric drugs
and not cross sex hormones and medical
intervention
and that's pretty reasonable considering
the next thing I'm about to show you
this is an article written by dr. James
Kanter who is a clinical psychologist
and sexual behavior scientist he's the
director of the Toronto sexuality Center
and an associate professor of psychiatry
at the University of Toronto let's read
from it just a little bit despite
differences in country culture decade
and follow-up length and Method all of
the studies have come to a remarkably
similar conclusion only a few very few
transgender kids still want to
transition by the time they're adults
instead they generally turn out to be
regular gay or lesbian folks the exact
number varies by study but roughly sixty
to ninety percent of all trans kids turn
out no longer to be trans by adulthood
and then dr. canter lists all the major
studies in his article by outcome first
off let me tell you my religious and
personal beliefs aside I don't care I
really don't care what a consenting
adult does as long as I'm not compelled
to do anything about it that I'm not
compelled to use speech or words I
disagree with that religious
institutions like churches in schools
they're not required or compelled by law
to do anything about someone else's life
or lifestyle choice that would violate
their conscience and I don't ever want
to be compelled to pay for any of it
that's it you don't want my opinion
don't ask me to pay for it and don't use
the strong arm of the government to make
me care and let me say I think any child
actually any person but especially
children struggling with their gender
identity must be treated with compassion
and understanding and patience but
carving into children with scalpels
stopping their natural puberty and
injecting them with cross-sex hormones
before their little brains are fully
formed and their opinions of their own
body have even solidified as absolutely
child abuse it's Mengele stuff it's not
compassion it's not understanding and it
is not patience but it is exactly
exactly when the transgender activist
movement advocates for children can't
vote
children can't serve in the military
children can't drive because as a
society we've acknowledged that they
aren't mature enough to the extent that
we don't even allow them to get their
ears pierced without parental consent
and here are doctors doing irreparable
chemical and structural damage to
children based on decisions these kids
are making today that the statistics
show they will overwhelmingly
change their mind about in just a few
short years and there is a great great
irony in an entire movement dedicated to
the idea that gender and sexuality is
fluid now requiring doctors and
scientific studies to affirm and
solidify gender differences through
surgery and chemicals rendering the
differences permanent and not fluid but
this week common sense prevailed
is it a changing of the tide I don't
know I'm hopeful but we should
appreciate every win every time we get
one for the rebel media I'm Sheila Gunn
read what you just saw there is the
daily video that I do here at the rebel
but did you know that I have my own
weekly full-length show it's aptly
called the gun show and we talk about
issues facing Canadian families that the
mainstream media just won't touch with a
ten-foot pole but to get access to my
show and the rest of our incredible
premium content treat yourself to a
rebel subscription today
