I think we've all enjoyed the trip I
think so but these folks here in real
lives they have spouses kids and things
they're not taking care of back home for
a long time away and they're here
because they love the ideas they love
journalism they love uncovering the
truth especially truth of the mainstream
media sometimes covers up and you know
they're fun people and I think you were
fun back but it is work to be on for ten
days in a row and you know it's its
energy and it's effort and I want to say
thanks not only to David and Sheila and
Amanda and Katie and tanveer who had to
leave early but to their families for
giving them up to us for for a week and
a half so when you join me in thanking
my friends for being real
I think we're making a difference and
the fact that we have so many folks from
around the world that we didn't have in
our rebel universe a year ago from South
Africa from Australia from the United
Kingdom that that didn't happen a year
ago and I think it's because we're
talking about universal themes that are
of interest whether you're in Australia
or the United Kingdom or or Toronto
you're worried about the effects of
islamification of censorship and I think
that we're living up to our name the
rebel we hire some rebellious
personalities who speak truth to power
sometimes getting a little bit of
trouble for it but we're gonna keep
doing it and on that note I'm gonna I
haven't told her yet but I'm gonna
invite Katie Hopkins to give you a brief
presentation on her two special missions
you'll obviously be able to see the
videos that we edit and upload in the
days ahead but while we were doing our
more safe and secure and low-risk
activities
Katie was going into a high-risk zone it
really was a I don't want to be true
dramatic but she was going places where
there have been stabbings and even
kidnappings and she kept her courage
from and she kept her wits about her and
thank god she's back safely along with a
ten and Oliver but let me let you hear
from her directly my friend Katie
Hopkins
Thank You boss and he says I'm gonna ask
her to talk about two things and my
brains going like a little you know
filing system so I'll give a brief recap
on today went to Hebron which i think is
probably the area that it seems to be
has probably the most tension in Israel
and Palestine it is an area where it's a
settlement area but there's a heavy
Palestinian kind of I would guess
community let live there and when you
look into the stats of the place there's
two hundred thousand I believe
Palestinians also that live in the area
and there's only kind of five hundred
Jews left in that area and the tension
between them is palpable unlike any
other area that I've seen when we tried
to book the transport to go there we
were kind of shopping around for
transport and the lady said well do you
want the bulletproof vehicle or do you
want the stone proof vehicle well I
guess I'm not gonna know till after any
good huh ask me later I'm still alive
I'll let you know and so we got a
vehicle up there but it was a glorious
thing in some ways as well I always find
places where there's a lot of tension
there's also a lot of truth so as we got
into ever on our Jewish driver as she
was very clearly very clear that she
would not be crossing over into the
Palestinian site that was very clear but
when we got there there was this whole
group of young attractive fit men on the
steps there so obviously we got out to
stay and they turn out to be young men
who are the next generation of the IDF
so they're trainees or potential
trainees from all around the world that
are now looking to join the Israeli
Defence Force because they've seen what
they're doing and they like the look of
it and they want to belong and I heard
accents when I was like where are you
from North London wearing you're from
East of England a whole bunch of British
lads coming out to join the IDF because
they want to belong to something that
matters and because at 18
they want to start fighting back for the
culture that they can't speak about in
their own country and I thought that was
a really terrific thing there were a
whole bunch of fun and it kind of filled
me with this verb for this idea of
standing strong and this next generation
that's going to take on the fight we
went to an area where the ten month old
girl I tan helped me with the name good
okay totally blaming itan for that
a lovely ten month old girl she was in
her stroller her father was pushing her
this was in the Jewish area of the
settlement and a Palestinian sniper from
one of the homes yes I tap shall hemant
shall have good that was her name shall
have it yes anywho ten month old baby in
her stroller and her father was pushing
her to the play park you know taking her
for a walk and a Palestinian sniper from
the Palestinian houses just there so I
was stood where she was shot but the
Palestinian sniper just picked her off
inside her stroller that her father was
pushing ten month old so she died her
father was also injured but that's
indicative as a story of the way that
the level of animosity the tension is
kept at such a level because there's
always a sense that you could just be
plucked away from your life by the
Palestinians who live overlooking the
Jews and then when we travel to the
Palestinian area the same arguments but
the other way around so the Palestinians
would complain that I'll look at these
Jewish houses they throw their litter
they throw their dirty eggs at us their
dirty water the same arguments but the
other way around now interestingly in
terms of this idea of a new generation
standing strong where this little 10
month old girl was sniper doff by the
Palestinians the Israelis haven't just
gone up there and bulldozed the whole
house and the Friends of that house they
have done that with bulldozers they went
straight in they've also then built a
nursery so there is now a nursery
in the spot where that little girl was
killed because the Israelis are
determined that the Palestinians will
not make them afraid and will not make
them leave and I found that to be a
really powerful message today and then
as we cross from h1 to h2 crossed over
into the Palestinian area through more
security more fences we had to get past
the checkpoint so we're crossing into
the Palestinian area our Jewish driver
wasn't coming with us obviously and we
got to the checkpoint so I bounced up
ahead because I'm just the random Brit
woman and the guy said what's your
religion and it took me a minute to
stick the right face on and just go on
I'm not really well I'm Christian Wow
you know because I've never don't think
I don't think I've ever been asked that
before at a checkpoint I've been asked
what my nationality is I've been told
that I'm not going to be leaving the
country South Africa and had my passport
taken but I've never been asked what my
religion is so it was a kind of crazy
idea so I was busily saying that I was
from the UK thank you so much for
letting us being here oh yes I don't
really have a religion but I suppose you
call me Christian waving the boys
through trying to waive my Jewish friend
I tan through before he had to over
expose himself as it were to the guards
there but anyway we got on into
Palestine and I think what was
interesting about being there apart from
trying to lose I 10 a night I'm feeling
a little bit scared and wanting to be
called by a different name at which
point I settled on what name did I go
for at one point Jordan I went for
Jordan like what's he called I went
Jordan and then one point Palestinians
said Titan it was the only moment I was
properly worried on our trip said I
recognized your face I know you right
we're getting out of here
but it was perfectly fine but the truth
is that the animosity the hatred is
really you can feel it in there any way
you want this side hates that side but
it's the Israelis who have the stories
that I would say are making me feel
hopeful the Israelis have the stories of
rebuilding of standing strong the
israeli defense force gathering in
strength recruits coming from all over
the globe there's a real sense of
resilience that i absolutely you know i
was so drawn to today i can't tell you
and then there was a small diplomatic
incident
which obviously I'll be telling the boss
about privately at some point but there
was a mainstream media TV crew in the
road and it turns out look not so long
ago a Palestinian guy stabbed an Israeli
soldier okay and as a result he was shot
and then another IDF guy came over to
help defend the situation and also shot
the guy while he was on the ground and
unfortunately that guy died but hey he
stabbed the Israeli Defense Forces so I
say no loss and he went to prison for
nine months for doing his job and he was
let out I believe today yesterday who's
let out yesterday so what we found today
at the spot where the Israeli Defence
Force soldier where the incident
happened
and our IDF guy was put away for nine
months he's been let out now what we
found today was of course the mainstream
media and was one of the mainstream
media doing they're whipping up the
tension this is typical this is the IDF
they go around slaughtering innocent
Palestinians they've been let out how is
it a nine month sentence for a life why
is this possible media crews camera
microphone listening to the Palestinian
tell his stories of woe missing out the
bit where the Palestinians stabbed
someone so I bowled on in so we will be
providing you with the footage of me
rather aggressively shouting down the
mainstream media and offering the
alternative narrative that I think it's
important we hear that if you stab a
soldier expect to be dead and expect
your family's homes to be bulldozed as
well my Jewish friends ran away down the
road at this point but it was all fine
it all ended happily and well there's no
problem no one got arrested there was
one point where Oliver said should we
stop and just organize them no Oliver
keep walking just be walking keep
walking so it was all good but I think
what you know what we're trying to do
with these visits trying to do what by
going into places other journalists
won't go there's not only be true to the
brand which is that we tell the stories
of other people who won't tell but also
we relinquish we absolve ourselves from
some of the criticism we may otherwise
get that we only saw one side of the
story because actually being with
Palestinians in the
refugee camp eight generations later or
being with Palestinians on the other
side of a wall then complaining about
the wall and I asked them or what's
behind the wall oh it's called martyrs
Street Oh a funny old thing the Jewish
decided they might fence off you from
martyrs Street you know call them crazy
by going there and addressing those
problems faith on we have then given
both sides of the story at least
prepared to listen to another side or at
least prepared to ask the questions
straight to the faces of those people
who will tell the mainstream media
narrative the lies and I think that's an
important role that we all have here at
rebel so I suppose my highlight of the
trip apart from the Bethlehem and the
refugee camp and today and have grown
and being able to address these things
and seeing the IDF full of life and with
a new generation starting I think the
highlight for this trip for me has been
the way that it feels this movement is
really growing the way that I as we go
about the place there's so much support
from the taxi driver today who did the
last three hours for free because she's
a supporter and she's never heard people
speak the way we speak from our lovely
tour guides who are able to suddenly
speak freely because they have a busload
of people they know won't mind really
what they say whatever your opinion is
we welcome it and from having all of you
guys who we send out kind of
reinvigorated and we also draw from and
we draw support from tanveer sent me a
little message I know he's gone now send
me a little message overnight saying
that for him this trip has been like a
refueling in his tank and he goes out
more enthused and more passionate than
ever to really try and make a difference
and for me that's what this trip has
been all about it's about like
reinvigorating ourselves reminding
ourselves we're not mad in a world that
seems increasingly mad all the time
and being able to go out and make a
difference and their guide today one
last thing he was the spokesperson for
the Jewish communities in Hebron he said
what really makes a difference is
knowing what you believe standing by
your word and being keen to share your
story with others so it's that same
message over again resist the narrative
know your truth
and stand strong and that's really my
plea and my thank you to you all for
joining us in that fight thank you very
much remember Amanda
joined the rebel recently she has
political views she's called The
Hollywood conservative but she comes
more from the fun side of the business
the entertaining side not just the dour
heavy-duty side and you know this
because you heard her she sang a
different song on each bus by the way
and I other than Sheila and David and me
no one else got the the luxury of
hearing both songs and they were great
I Amanda is so proud to be an American
she was so insistent that we went to the
US Embassy now I was delighted to tell
her that ronnie was way ahead of her and
even though we did not go into the
embassy which would have been the whole
thing I thought it was appropriate that
we were there on Independence Day I
thought that was great Ronnie thanks for
setting it up and there was a little bit
of a spontaneous star-spangled banner'
including by the Canadians so I thought
that was a nice touch so Amanda was a
delight to have you and this was your
first trip to Israel and you know if I
may characterize you I think you're a
little less heavy-duty in the quaker
politics as some of us but you I think
are more severely normal than say David
or me so may I invite you to come up and
give some of your thoughts as someone
who is articulating a contrary in view
in Hollywood which is so hard to do how
does this fit into your view of things
thanks for being here
thank you guys I've lived in Los Angeles
for 12 years so I don't think that makes
me normal just to clarify the fact that
I have remained there says that
something about me is a little crazy but
yes so being the Hollywood conservative
I think some of you know my background I
was in the music industry for nine years
and in January of 2016
not to sound sound trite or corny but I
was a singer and I decided that during
that election year when there was a
potential
Hilary Clinton to be the president I
decided that my voice could be better
used in politics so I switched over to
politics and eventually landed at the
rebel I think I began with you guys in
February yeah
so but being there in the belly of the
beast in Los Angeles of course I see the
lunacy and the hypocrisy and just the
maniacal all-consuming hatred that so
much of Hollywood has for people like us
because they don't know us they don't
care to know us they don't care what the
plights are of middle Canadians middle
Americans normal Brits and so I decided
that being there in Hollywood that I
would try to be a voice of reason I get
drowned out most of the time within my
community but you know my videos have a
certain audience and a few times I've
had the editors suggest that I word
things a different way because sometimes
I tend to be a little irreverent but
it's it's my attempt at humor so I hope
you guys see that in my videos yes this
was my first trip to Israel I'm almost
ashamed that I have not been before now
I definitely wish that I had been before
now however I don't think that I could
have picked a better group and better
leaders to be led by for my first trip
to Israel when I was showing people the
original itinerary the public itinerary
they were like oh my gosh you're gonna
be exhausted how are you doing all this
but you know you guys somehow managed to
cram it in and you kept us on a tight
schedule and it was fantastic I saw
things that you know I've really only
read about in the Bible and in the news
and so it was fantastic to see those
things in person and especially the
visit to the wall was that yesterday my
days are running together yeah with
Danny's here is a that gave me a lot of
talking points to take home to my
country because it's it's so much more
than illegal immigration it's drug
trafficking it's terrorism
you know we are constantly hearing about
Hamas and Hezbollah and Boko Haram who
are building cells in Mexico and
infiltrating our border and coming to
the United States and these are sleeper
cells that one day we will all know
where they are and why they are here
because something will happen so yeah so
my first trip to Israel it's been
fantastic getting to all of you you're
all freaking awesome the highlight of my
trip has been everything that we've seen
in Jerusalem
growing up good old southern baptist you
know I I grew up reading about these
things in in Sunday school and and since
Sunday school and learning about those
things of course hearing about the
political implications over the last 10
or 20 years today was incredibly
powerful at the Holocaust Museum it I've
been to the Holocaust Museum in DC and I
I don't know how you say which one is
better or worse I mean you can't even
use those terms when it comes to that
they're incomparable this one brought
home the issue of of how it affected
Jews specifically the Holocaust Museum
in DC is more about just like the you
know the atrocities of World War 2 and
the Holocaust in general what else did I
want to say I have notes but they're
over on my phone can you pass me my
phone I'm not so great at memorizing
talking points which is why on air
sometimes I blink out oh I wanted to
read I have it open to my text messages
because I wanted to read something so I
was texting with my friend drew who
lives in Los Angeles and he went to
Marrakech Morocco last year and as some
of you know I'm going to Morocco from
here and so I was texting him about you
know if I should worry about the copious
amounts of I heart Israel stuff in my
luggage going into a Muslim country and
he's like I will skim over what he said
there but he said you know don't go in
wearing your trump gear avoid speaking
about him and then he says this and on
those pollak that couldn't because of
course I decided to debate him and so he
just texted me
and on those politics we will agree to
disagree go figure
I am sad that Muslims hate Trump because
it's unnecessary and only fuels the fire
for another 9/11 type event which is a
lie
it'll happen anyway if they want it to
which is no good for anyone but he
chooses to stoke the fire and yes keep
the maggot hat hidden he chooses to
stoke the fire which I find interesting
because the last president that we had
Barack Obama did everything he could to
placate two Palestinian and terrorist
groups
he was spineless and cowardly and it
damaged our relationship with Israel and
I I have been so inspired by the the
rehabilitation of the u.s. relationship
with Israel and the strengthened
relationship between our two world
leaders between President Trump and
Benjamin Netanyahu but these people like
this is a friend of mine friend yes but
this is this is most of the people who
watch CNN and MSNBC I go to Drew's house
and he's got CNN on repeat and I'm just
like how I he's and he's a smart dude
but we all who have been here and have
experienced the things that we have and
the things that we've seen we all now
have tangible talking points we all have
experienced things we heard from experts
we have witnessed things with our own
eyes that people back home may not ever
have a chance to see so it is our
responsibility and our obligation to
deliver these messages back home to our
friends and don't be shy don't be afraid
I I've lost a couple friends over the
course of the years and for someone who
is as brash and irreverent and loud
mouthed as I am if I've only lost two
friends then you shouldn't be worried so
everybody thanks so much for having me
and welcoming me into the group and
thanks to you guys for being such
awesome colleagues so I'll leave it
there
thank you very much
Sheila I'd love to hear your thoughts on
your second trip to Israel and maybe you
can tell us about your tattoo well first
off if you want to know about my tattoo
you can ask later if someone's
interested I'll keep it short because
David's gonna bore you take up a lot of
time and your a opportunity to ask
questions yes this is my second trip to
Israel far different trip than last time
the first thing I want to say is that I
think while this was a fact-finding
mission I think was a chance for all of
us journalists to reconnect and to
actually connect for the first time and
I've never met Amanda before I've never
met Katie before I've spent far too much
time with David so you know it was good
for us all of us to get together and
experience this as a team but on the
other hand it's also terrific to see so
many like-minded people who are willing
to spend their hard-earned money to have
this experience with us so I genuinely
thank you for that I never forget that
you are the people who are cheering me
on every day and who are making sure the
lights are still on in my house I guess
one of the things that I noticed this
year or that struck me and maybe it
struck you too as I was walking around
Yad Vashem was I was reflecting on the
change in the use of language over this
past year especially in the mainstream
media and we'll see it from mainstream
media journalists how they so flippantly
throw around the word Nazi or Hitler
esque and they'll throw it around and
they'll use it against Donald Trump or
any conservative that does something
that they disagree with and when I was
there I was struck by how despicable it
truly is for them to do that when you
see that real real evil you cannot leave
that place without a sense that there's
rue e-ville horror in the world and for
them to just use those words to malign
their political enemies it really speaks
to just how truly terrible they are to
diminish the Holocaust and we saw the
atrocious atrocities of the Holocaust
together today last year I had been to
stir oat I had been to sister wrote last
year like this year I was struck by the
conditions that people like me moms like
me have to raise their children in that
was hard last year but this year seeing
that playground while it is still
shocking and sad that's how children
have to live there when the mayor told
us that his community is growing his
community is thriving and that people
want to live there that's truly an
analogy for the State of Israel that
when your neighbors want you dead and
they're doing everything they can to
kill you truly the only answer to that
is to live and to live and to grow and
be happy and I think the State of Israel
serves as a stark reminder to its
miserable neighbors about how freedom
works and how happiness works and I
think part you know Israel axes that
sort of barometer for them about what
could be if people were free this year
also seeing the real effects of terror
on the Gaza border with the fire
balloons some of you may or may not know
I'm a farmer and we talked about this on
David's rebel roundup seeing those crops
burned for those farmers that's a real
psychological terror for farmers as I
think farmers whether they know it or
not they're probably religious when you
look up the sky every day and you're
counting on God to give you good weather
or rain and to see their hard work burn
to the ground like that that was hard on
me to see that and I think it's a
psychological attack on the people of
the state of Israel be
as they feel that extra layer of ties to
the land that they live on and oh the
Temple Mount how about that I've never
been to the Temple Mount before I was
here last time we never made it up there
and one of the things that struck me not
then when we were up there but later on
in the day I was struck by the dichotomy
between the two religious traditions
that we experienced during the day Jess
you were with me so up on the Temple
Mount we were told no stopping to pray
don't even utter a prayer not a
Christian prayer not a Jewish prayer and
we saw the soldiers escorting
the Jews through the Temple Mount and
later on in the day Jess and Amanda and
I snuck back to the Church of the Holy
Sepulchre and when we were there we saw
three Muslim women and full burqa top to
bottom in the church with the Holy
Sepulchre the most holy place for me as
a Christian wandering around freely
nobody cared if they prayed nobody cared
if they went into the holy sites you
know that's not entirely true it pissed
me off well I was hoping for some sort
of holy land conversion miracle so I
wasn't chasing them away but I mean it
spoke to the the the tolerance of the
Christians who were there protecting
those sites and I think for me later on
in the day it was that sort of moment
alone where I realized what a difference
there is in those two faith traditions
and I think that's it I think David's
going to monopolize you're here okay
thank you
Thank You Sheila
no I will really we'll keep it brief
because I really want to hear what
everybody has to say and hear your
questions and I just want to personally
thank dr. Ron Wexler this has been an
incredible trip not just the touristy
stuff we saw no stuff behind the curtain
and I'm gonna personally speaking I'm
gonna say I've been up to mines of this
trip throughout and one was just the
love of this place you know we've seen
things to Tehran and the guests that he
invited to Shepherd us along you know
the the economic success the academic
success the military success of this
tiny little country in the Middle East
this island of democracy and tolerance
in a sea of intolerance and dictatorship
and it's just so heartwarming to see it
play out and then on the other hand I
started getting angry and almost
depressed and for I guess frustrated
because as you all know folks you know
we see from the you know the the news
coverage of Israel and we see from how
the academic world treats Israel and we
see these ludicrous movement movements
such as BDS and we see the word bandied
about apartheid including what I always
find so personally interesting is in
Toronto until very recently in the gay
pride parade when he had a group called
queers and against Israeli Apartheid can
you imagine that the you know claiming
that this nation experiences apartheid
and these are gays saying this and this
is the only country in the Middle East
that has too high pride parades a year
and then would say when you think about
it you know you know there's no
apartheid so if the name of your very
organization is based on a lie because
there is no part I here
then what's really behind it and I for
the life of me I can't think of anything
else then good old-fashioned
anti-semitism and you know at the end of
the day what brought me back over to a
feeling of positivity was just the fact
that new saw from all the Israelis we
met whether they're with the IDF or
whether they're a worker on the kibbutz
you get this sense of resiliency that
you know at the end of the day that they
don't care what world opinion is about
Israel and about boycott movements and
what the world Press says and what the
United nothing's do in terms of
sanctions that this nation is here and
that it's not going anywhere and neither
are its people and so it's it's like a
Godzilla think decide he knows the
thickness of skin that you know the sick
sandstones it has no effect and guess
what in case you want to go one step
further we're also a military superpower
and I think the punctuation on this was
that visit the edge of FM today I mean
you you saw that I mean it that was my
third visit to that museum and it's hard
to walk out of there without a tear in
your eye I know about you folks I'm only
human and you know once again I mean
there's so many iconic images in that
museum the one that strikes me the most
and maybe you saw it was a large balloon
of the photo and it's a mother hugging
her child her daughter as a soldier from
point-blank less than a meter away is
about to execute them and I thought it's
not just the atrocity that's about to
happen in the nanosecond after the
shudder went but the fact that this
soldier this was a badge of honor to be
photographed this way and so it's like a
professional staged photograph that this
was something really great that he was
doing
I think this brought home the level of
horror of the Holocaust in any event no
to get too dramatic about things I'll
just end it here I'm not an Israeli and
I'm not Jewish
but from what I can see of this country
and I think this might be the unofficial
credo the unofficial slogan of the
people here that would really look upon
never again not as just some marketing
slogan but as something very meaningful
and profound that what happened less
than 80 years ago will never again
happen and it's simply this Israel worth
fighting for worth dying for
thank you very much if you want to see
our videos from Israel there's an easy
place to find them rebel is real calm
you
