I was there yesterday so I saw it for
myself when I arrived her house is right
beside a respite shelter so not only are
the people shooting up but they're
coming and going and partying till 5:00
in the morning so they're partying and
that's allowed under the rules it's
allowed and lawlessness is allowed and
these are the people who stay in these
respite shelters are let's just say
people who've been kicked out of other
shelters there are transients there the
lowest of the low and they are these
respite Seltzer's are supposed to be
temporary stopgap measures but many of
them were open over the winter and now
they've been extended right to the end
of the year a lot of shelters have rules
no drugs no I mean because they want to
not only maintain some safety for the
other clients but they want to get these
people on the back on them half so they
have some basic rules a curfew for
example so you're saying that these what
exactly is a respite Sheldon what
suppose the mandate of it well the like
I said the respite shelter is supposed
to be a temporary stopgap and it's
supposed to just provide some of the
homeless who basically to give them a
place to sleep three hots and a cot I
call it so it's basically to give them
some place to put their heads however as
I found out because there are similar
problems up around Park Road with the
Collier asketh Asquith neighbourhood
which is right near Yonge and Bloor
Street so right in the core of the city
these shelters may be able to maintain
rules inside but once the people come
outside which they are of course doing
at this time of year there are no rules
whatsoever yeah so I can understand if
it's minus 20 out you don't want anyone
freezing even if they're very badly
behaved but it's gloriously sunny and
temperate in in Toronto I can imagine
these places are magnets because if
they're getting free food and a place to
sleep then they could save their change
for well for drugs and you know we don't
have to be shy about saying that because
that's the explicit purpose of these
places when you say that there's
lawlessness there when
when Sammy the mum of three their calls
the cops but what do they even do
because if these are expressly law free
zones what's a cop supposed to do well
the cops have basically been doing
nothing they certainly they've been
instructed instructed to stand down
around these safe injection sites and
what Sammy has been told is that unless
they're doing something you know
criminal and they have a knife or a gun
or whatever or they've attacked somebody
they can't respond so essentially they
can shoot up they can go through her
gate which they've done break glass and
they're trespassing and and what are the
cops do there wouldn't now I presume
that in these shelters there are some
social workers or something so they
don't do anything so they are doing to
these city staff watch as they go into
Sammy's home they work they watch this
they see this or they turn a blind eye
to it whether they see it or they don't
you know this as I said the same thing
is happening up on Park Road 21 Park
Road and they've complained about people
taking over the parks prostituting
themselves shooting up leaving needles
they vandalized the the rabba 24-hour
store down the street the poor guys
losing business left right and center
and nothing nothing has been done that's
an excerpt from my daily TV show the
Ezra Levante show no one leaves behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
