you were really the person at least
really publicly leading the charge on
behalf of Eddie Maurice and maybe you
can just give us a brief rundown of what
happened to Eddie and why he became just
this flashpoint for the problem with
crime in rural Alberta
certainly well I mean some of it was
just natural and that I live in a rural
area and I'm suffering under the same
problem we're in the same municipal
district so it was a local event for me
and I knew somebody who knew Eddie so
they put me in touch because this was
just something else for those not
familiar it was back in February and he
was alone aside from his baby in the
house there were intruders and his
property he went out he confronted them
and one of them got injured in the arm
and then he was arrested he was held for
36 hours and charged with aggravated
assault among a number of other charges
and could be facing literally years in
jail which which really incensed the
community especially after meeting Eddie
anybody who knew him he's just a nice
young man who'd never wanted her to fly
and and he got caught in a dangerous
circumstance and he's getting punished
for defending his family and all of us
knew we could have been in his shoes
just as easily as him and we just
weren't gonna you know let him take that
alone we rallied people to get together
and make sure they knew they weren't
alone and that they weren't gonna get
bankrupted by the system because that
seems to be what they were trying to do
and in the end it finally ended well as
well as it could for putting his life on
hold for four months that's an excerpt
from my weekly full-length show the gun
show on my show I take on the issues of
the day through my Alberta conservative
lens and I talked to the real news
makers the mainstream media ignores to
get access to my show in all of our
other premium content click the link on
the screen to subscribe today
you
