so actor Zac Effron has a new hairstyle
this should be yawn inducing non-news
given that really who gives a rodents
rectum about a celebrities hairdo but
because Zac's head is now sporting
dreadlocks and because Zac is a white
man well yes you guessed it we have this
week's installment of cultural
appropriation outrage you know I just
love the headline in W Magazine quote
Zac Effron gets dreadlocks misses the
cultural appropriation memo end quote
you know something folks I miss the
cultural appropriation memo too and I
really really want to see this memo I
really really want to know what
qualifies as cultural appropriation
versus cultural appreciation versus
cultural I don't give a flying
you-know-what because I'm utterly and
totally confused
so since I didn't get that memo I'm
going to guess that dreadlocks being
predominantly a black thing means that
such a hairstyle is off-limits to white
people and when some honky sports thread
locked well that's obviously an
egregious display of white privilege but
I also have to wonder if that cultural
appropriation memo is forever being
updated did anyone scream cinematic a
cultural appropriation about this guy
Wow check out those dreads you know
there's a predator reboot coming up
later this year I sure hope the big lug
is sporting a brush cut because while
audiences can tolerate serial killing
and things getting blowed up real good
cultural appropriation even by space
aliens well that's kind of offside in
2018 wouldn't you say and so it is that
I remain terribly and utterly confused
folks and I haven't even touched upon
all the stuff invented by white folk
that is used by all folk but maybe
there's an asterisk in that cultural
appropriation memo that allows for such
an exemption oh god is so confusing
isn't it in the meantime here's my memo
to all the gatekeepers of the loonie
left when you finally come across that
cultural appropriation memo can you send
it along to yours truly and can you also
make certain the Trudeau family gets a
copy as well wouldn't want that crew
returning to India dressed as Bollywood
wannabes after all for the rebel dot
media I'm David the men's ID Menzies hey
folks you may have heard the rebel has a
new app please download that app and
take the rebel with you wherever you go
you
