she was bullied by some trolls just for
being different
I saw a Comedy Central video on Facebook
today and I was quite shocked so they
did something kind of funny this guy was
making a music video and he was talking
about bullies
there's no excuse to make this poor girl
feel she's off the plan even if she self
identifies as wolf
now don't get me wrong actually when I
was in school yeah I think I was the
loser I was the weird goth loser and not
part of the popular clique and I always
stood up for the people being bullied
and the other losers and the Nerds
mm-hmm I like to stand up for them but
we've gotten to a point where it's going
too far we are acting like everyone's a
victim and it's okay if you are just a
complete psycho weirdo and we should all
just accept it I mean what kind of world
are we just accepting any weird thing
that comes out of people's mouths and
brains I mean no why are we accepting
all this we shouldn't you have to
remember that this video is satire so
don't take everything to heart what are
you saying we're not actually saying
that a bully should be venerated and yes
go bully people it's good for you I mean
in a way it kind of is but you know it's
not exactly that it's just more of
satires bringing out an example of
something and really poking fun at it so
what he's poking fun at is how extreme
we've gotten to these things I mean I
kind of like the vampire person I'm into
that but I mean hey it's not for
everybody and sometimes I get picked on
but yeah
oles perhaps we just went too far cuz
with nothing buddy encouragement these
kids don't even know what they are one
thinks that she's a vampire this one
thinks that he's a wolf this one's got a
pony toy and jerking off is just amazing
how this anti SJW stuff is starting to
become mainstream and this is exactly
why Trump won the election believe most
people don't like this crap and so the
left Hillary
Democrats pandering to this type of
thing for very very small population is
really kind of stupid just like why are
you even doing that being tolerant
doesn't mean we have to accept
everything I mean they're starting to
become intolerant of other people's
ideas that don't agree with that just
agree to disagree and move along
some of the most important people in the
world were bullied and it's because of
that situation that they grew stronger
and were able to overcome and do things
that they probably would have never done
before
you matter so the next time
to tell you not to make fun of someone
who's being a total weirdo just think of
this song bullying is society's way of
self-correcting this is probably one of
the funniest things Comedy Central has
put out in a long time if you want to
see more from me and the rest of the
rebel team like and subscribe
you
