legendary comedian John Cleese is
leaving the country because he's sick of
the line press
John Cleese is a legendary British
comedian we all know and love him from
Monty Python and Fawlty Towers and he's
leaving the UK is leaving the country
unlike a lot of American comedians who
said they were going to move to Canada
if Trump was elected he's actually
following through in a 78 years old he's
seen plenty of things that have probably
been getting on his nerves for a while
so well police recently gave an
interview anyway to BBC Newsnight
explaining his decision so take a quick
look at this so you're leaving the
country because because I'm very
disappointed with the way the country is
running my particular beef is with thee
as with the newspapers and of course the
Daily Mail will dismiss this as an
extraordinary outburst but I want to
tell you something that's really pretty
factual the European Union every year
asks a thousand people in each of 33
different countries what their trust
level is in the printed media in those
countries and they publish report this
is yep this year that's just come out
and the the country that has the largest
trust of the Netherlands and then after
that we've got Finland Denmark Sweden
Austria and so forth and then in the
middle here we've got Lithuania Croatia
Turkey and then right down the bottom
could I ask you just to read the last
two or three countries Walter okay
so you've got the United Kingdom is the
lowest one can I just 33 yes but look
you just missed out one of the most
trusted written press countries is
Albania which comes in second so perhaps
there is a correlation between the kind
of press which is robust which creates
URI officer lying in the triviality that
I object to this is not just this year
Emily this was the same last year we
were thirty third out of 33 it was same
the year before and the year before that
so for four years we've had the least
trusted press in Europe so is leaving
the countries moving to the Caribbean
largely because of the way the press
behaves although there's lots of other
reasons that he explains if you watch
the whole interview and who could really
blame him at this point he actually
makes an interesting point about a poll
that's done regularly of all EU Member
States and how much they trust the press
and what he showed is that less than a
quarter of the British public actually
has some faith in the press and you know
who could blame him for for coming to
this conclusion he's seen the way the
press behaves firsthand because they've
targeted him it was only last month when
Cleese hit back at the BBC boss who said
that Monty Python was just six Oxbridge
white blokes The Telegraph reported on
that story and they said John Cleese has
accused the BBC of social engineering
after its head of comedy said Monty
Python's white Oxbridge mails were out
of step with modern television Cleese
joked that pythons members met the BBC's
diversity targets because they included
a puff and no slave-owners and suggested
his Ministry of Silly Walks sketch would
now be considered a slur on the
handicapped and he's right isn't he I
mean Ministry of Silly Walks it would be
a slur on the handicapped everything's
offensive you couldn't even get away
with Little Britain these days with the
way they mocked transgender people or
transvestites even and the British press
we know what he's talking about because
they've been branding people racist for
years they've relentlessly called you
kit racists and they've constantly
called anne-marie waters and for Britain
far-right and they even jumped on the
bandwagon of calling Morrissey racist
and poisonous when Morrissey came out
against Howell meat and talked about the
the lunacy of calling everybody racist
these days Morrissey's words were were
all racist nowadays this is a trend
that's been happening for years but at
the same time people like now SHA Member
of Parliament have essentially been
ignored even when she retweeted a post
that said that the victims of rather and
grooming should shut up for the sake of
diversity the only press really that
covered that in any kind of outrage were
the moderately right-wing papers like
the mail and the Express there's a clear
division between the public and the
press and I think people are realizing
more than ever that the press are not
there to report on bias Lee the press
are there to push a profit
and narrative so there we have it John
police one of the most loved comedians
in this country is leaving the UK
because he's sick of the way politicians
behave and sick of the way the press is
behaving I mean this man is 78 years old
he's seen things change he's seen
society change and he knows that his
views his values and his comedy isn't
appreciated anymore so you know what
leaving the UK at 78 after doing so much
for this country I kind of don't blame
him he's gonna have a much better life
in the Caribbean than in the UK where
he's going to be continued to be
slandered and attacked Cleese says he
doesn't trust the bankers he doesn't
trust the politicians and he doesn't
trust the press and who could really
honestly disagree with him on that if
you like that and want to see more
remember to like and subscribe and
download the new rebel app from the
Apple App Store and the Google Play
Store
you
