well last we heard from the Marjory
Stoneman Douglas students they'd become
the latest catalyst in the fight against
the NRA but now one of them in
particular is back and he seems to have
a new enemy and Tifa let's check it out
remember media darling David Hogg David
I am stunned that four colleges rejected
you what kind of dumbass colleges don't
want you I mean you've taken the country
by storm hog has fizzled out of the
limelight a bit since the tragic
parkland shooting but while CNN may not
cover him regularly anymore he recently
got some sweet press from an
anti-fatigue class which recently posted
a blog titled call to recess give David
hog a wedgie
now hog apparently attends to stop on
March for our lives road to change tour
recently where he had the audacity to
pose for photos with this guy who's
wearing a loved your nation hate and
Tifa shirt as well as some members of
Gavin McInnes proud boys group and also
have a conversation with them marched
for our lives apparently posted the
picture and then deleted it but that
wasn't good enough for cutting class who
said March for our lives doubled down on
defending their dialogue like the
useless liberals they are as if the past
few years hasn't definitively put dialog
with fascists in the dustbin of ideology
that's right how dare hog talked to
people who might have different opinions
than he does I talked to Gavin about
this and he said I think it's cool proud
boys want to engage hog in a civil
discussion but these days I'm more
inclined to agree with an Tifa the
modern left isn't looking for dialogue
or truth they're looking for a civil war
and they got it
that's not entirely wrong now cutting
class proceeded to blast hog for having
an FBI Father making a really original
pig pun with his last name they also let
on that they were jealous that the
Parkland kids were getting all the
screen time instead of their little
group of truant insurgents so what was
their call to action give david hog a
wedgie
this self-important little shitstain
needs to be taken down in offshore to
put him in his place with some classic
schoolyard punishment send us pictures
or videos if you pull this off and we'll
feature it on our site and send you some
dope prizes as a reward magazines
stickers handcrafted letters an
interview
oh yeah getting that bash the fash
sticker is really worth getting written
up for assault and oh wow an interview
but I thought dialogue was for Nazis for
campus unmasked I'm Rob chin shock if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
you
