you
but hello hello it's July 11th I'm Ezra
Levant and you're watching battleground
and well I am excited I have a new phone
ringtone I know I've got other more
serious things to talk about but one of
our viewers said why don't you get a
Tommy Robinson ringtone and can i play
my new ringtone for you and you know
what you can get it from our website to
listen to my Tommy ringtone are you
ready tell me if you can hear this thing
I'm making that nice and loud here's my
new ringtone can you hear that that's my
ringtone it's the Tommy song and you can
get it for free at Tommy ringtone comm
just good for free and we got some
instructions there I you know what I
think we need better instructions
because it's sort of tricky to put a
free ringtone on your phone it's amazing
how iTunes or Apple and Android really
try to push you to buy a paid ringtone
from their stores so you got a it took
me about five minutes to do it I had to
put it on my iTunes and then I had to
import it to my phone so was you know I
was a little bit challenged but if I
could do it and I'm like almost 80
I think the youngins can do it and you
can get your free Tommy ringtone hat
Tommy ringtone com where else you gonna
get it where else would you look for
your Tommy Robinson ringtone could you
put that image up right one more time
one more time there the website Tommy
ringtone comm just give us your email
address we'll put you on our tommy list
is free free free we'll keep you posted
on Tommy I've had some conversations in
the last few days with Tommy's lawyers
and Tommy's family and things are moving
things are moving as you know the appeal
is coming up we'll have some more news
on that perhaps as soon as this week and
I'm starting to feel a tiny bit
optimistic about things and so that
ringtone just puts me in in the good
spirits and I and I hope you'll you'll
get it - why not it's hilarious
it's you know and and some people will
say who's that what's that and then you
can it's a conversation starter
yesterday we went on at some length and
by we I mean me went on at some length
about the grope shirt we put that up
again grope shirt calm you know we got
about 600 little websites here at the
rebel in case you didn't know the rebel
is one of them but we got grope shirt
dot-com and that's not for free that's
25 bucks but you get this quality shirt
grope instead of hope and we sold out
yesterday and we sort of rejigged it and
I think we moved the shipping prices
down because they were a little bit high
we had miscalculated the weight of the
shirt and that automatically meant
shipping was expensive so I tell you
Italia you can represent out there you
can have your colors you know you've got
the Bloods and Cripps I got all that
business you got you know everyone's
into this soccer game or as the
Europeans call it football but folks
like you and me we can show our pride
and our clan with our Tommy ringtone
that's free or our grope shirt and there
you have it so what are we doing well
every day at 12:00 noon Eastern Time I
spent an hour kibbutzim showing some
videos chatting and taking your comments
it's called super chat it's something
that YouTube invented you can chip in
five bucks or ten bucks or whatever and
your comment is put in a bright color
and so I see it out of the corner of my
eye and I read it and it's pinned it's a
fixed to the top of that little box
they're proportionate to how much the
chippy and I saw someone put it in 50
bucks the other day so that was up there
for like 20 minutes and and the good
news is I think we get 70% of that dough
so we help pay the bills I'm gonna read
a couple of comments and then I want to
show you the news of the day I tell you
it's that Donald Trump and he is he's
just so blunt and sometimes that's
uncomfortable a lot of the times that's
uncomfortable but a lot of the times
it's like the kid who says the emperor
has no clothes and everyone knows it's
true and
everyone was dancing around it for years
or decades and here comes Donald Trump
and he does something undiplomatic and
he just sort of says what everyone was
thinking and he did that today he at
NATO where he was calling out NATO
allies especially Germany and in fact I
wanted I'll read the comments later I'll
come back to comments I promise you that
I love the comments as having lots of
fun with the comments but I just got to
show you a trump meeting with the NATO
secretary-general just give you a little
bit of background so NATO what's it I
think 29 countries has Lord Ismay the
first Secretary General said the whole
purpose of NATO was keep the Germans
down the Russians out and the Americans
in that's sort of clever isn't it I
think that's exactly what it was for and
so America's in America's spanning
almost four percent of its GDP on
military and America doesn't expect the
rest of the world to spend that much but
it expects the world to the the other
NATO countries to spend 2 percent of
their GDP which they've all agreed to
this is not America making a demand this
is NATO having agreed to this for many
years now and I think only one other
NATO country meets the 2% threshold and
that's the United Kingdom and Canada I
should tell you is actually regressing
right now we pay about 1.3 percent of
our GDP to the military and next year or
this year under Trudeau that's expected
to fall to 1.2 so we're actually moving
backwards
so the Secretary General of NATO is a
Norwegian his name is Yan Stoltenberg if
I recall and what's his job his job is
to make NATO strong so he actually is
bloody grateful that's the American
president is making a fuss that helps
him I mean he's you know he's a Labour
Party Norwegian so he's probably pretty
liberal but he's got this job and
I watched the entire 8 minute clip that
the White House posted and this Yan
Stoltenberg he was thrilled with Trump
by the way it was only the liberal alt
left media that were shocked shocked so
without further to do I think we got
about wizard about two minutes and 20
seconds said right out I want to play
for you the whole clip now is a chance I
might stop it if I get too excited but
my goal is to run this whole clip
through and it goes on longer like I
said the whole clips over eight minutes
and the part where Trump is scolding
Germany I think it's like three and a
half minutes and we're not gonna show it
all because too long but you see okay
see the next to him is the UN sorry the
American ambassador to NATO and then to
her right is Trump's chief of staff
general Kelly and to Trump's left is
secretary Mike Pompeo the Secretary of
State so you've got the top dogs here
you got Trump you got Trump's ambassador
to NATO I forget her name up top of him
you got chief of staff former general
and he got Pompeo and Kelly and Pompeyo
I'm Pompeo he was at West Point so he's
like these are military men and and
mattis was was there also he wasn't
sitting next to them they start
squirming because Trump is so tough
Trump doesn't just raise it once he
raises it once and then again and then
again and then again and you can see
general Kelly just sort of sort of
shifting in a seat a little bit and you
see Mike Pompeo and these are not gentle
men I mean they're gentlemen but they're
not they're not dainty man this guy's I
mean I don't know how she said they kill
people they were the general Kelly I
think is former Marine and these are
tough guys and they were squirming
because Trump was so relentless so
without further to do here take a look
at Donald Trump at the NATO meeting
today
said when Germany makes a massive oil
and gas deal with Russia yeah you're
supposed to be guarding against Russia
and Germany goes out and pays billions
and billions of dollars a year to Russia
so we're protecting Germany we're
protecting France we're protecting all
of these countries and then numerous of
the countries go out and make a pipeline
deal with Russia with it paying billions
of dollars into the coffers of Russia so
we're supposed to protect you against
Russia but they're paying billions of
dollars to Russia and I think that's
very inappropriate and the former
Chancellor of Germany is the head of the
pipeline company that's supplying the
gas it's ultimately Germany will have
almost 70 percent of their country
controlled by Russia with natural gas so
you tell me is that appropriate I mean
would like been complaining about this
from the time I got it it should have
never been allowed to have happened but
Germany is totally controlled by Russia
because they will get it from 60 to 70
percent of their energy from Russia and
a new pipeline and you tell me if that's
appropriate because I think it's not and
I think it's a very bad thing for NATO
and I don't think it should have
happened and I think we have to talk to
Germany about it on top of that Germany
is just paying a little bit over 1%
whereas the United States in actual
numbers is paying 4.2 percent of a much
larger GDP so I think that's
inappropriate also you know we're
protecting Germany were protecting
France we're protecting everybody and
yet we're paying a lot of money to
protect now this has been going on for
decades this has been brought up by
other presidents but other presidents
never did anything about it because I
don't think they understood it or they
just didn't want to get involved but I
have to bring it up because
it's very unfair to our country it's
very unfair to a taxpayer and I think
that these countries have to step it up
not over a 10-year period have to step
it up immediately Germany is a rich
country they talk about they can
increase it is tiny bit by 2030 well
they could increase it immediately
tomorrow and have no problem I don't
think it's fair to the United States so
we're gonna have to do something because
we're not going to put up with it we
can't put up with it and it's
inappropriate that peps I'm lucky that
felt like it went on for a long time
didn't it oh it went on longer people it
went on longer and and by the way that
Yan Stoltenberg he spoke back and he
said thanks to your leadership things
are coming along like he was not the
target
he was the medium for this criticism to
flow to the other
what is the 28 NATO members he was not
the intended target he's actually trying
to do what Trump's trying to do the
media freaked out you gotta watch my 8
p.m. show cuz I take about 20 minutes to
go through this there's this moment
where that Yan Stoltenberg the head of
NATO secretary-general he says
presidents coming along we're really
ramping up more spending than in a
generation and Trump says and why is
that
and Stoltenberg says well it's because
you're pressing everyone you're taking
the initiative and then Trump turns to
the cameras and you say I bet the media
won't report that and it's come true
the media is not reporting that the
growth in spending whatever there is is
according to NATO secretary-general the
result of Trump's leadership amazing and
look it's similar to the argument Trump
makes to Canada about tariffs and NAFTA
Trump says you've got all these unfair
quotas on dairy you've got unfair stuff
here and there you're bringing in cheap
Chinese steel stop it and what's Canada
gonna say no we don't have a dairy
cartel we all know we do no we're not
bringing in Chinese steel and dumping it
in the States we do so you can you can
like or dislike what Trump is saying but
can you deny it's accurate
the Trump goes on a great length about
how Germany is paying Russia for natural
gas that is very true and that's
something Ronald Reagan warned against
in the Cold War Reagan said don't buy
your natural gas from Russia they'll
hold you hostage to it and Germany loves
that and some of those Baltic countries
they literally get 100 percent of their
energy from Russia how you gonna have an
independent foreign policy national
policy any policy if you're 100 percent
dependent on Russia for you and in
general if you recall but at least on
three occasions that I know of Russia
simply turned off the natural gas pipes
to Ukraine just turn it off in the dead
of winter just cut it off that's what
happens when you're buying gas from an
authoritarian regime dedicated to
enforcing its will in the West why would
you buy your gas from your enemy as I
think was souls and it's--and himself
said capitalists they'll sell the rope
that will they will be hanging to buy
crazy so I was excited to see that and
and my point on the trade is it is a
fact that Canada buys 1 million for
Canada sells 1 million more cars to the
United States than we buy from them so
if Canada does not want to ameliorate
the problems Trump is alluding to Trump
will just slap a 20% tariff on Canadian
cars and destroy the industry I mean you
can like that or dislike it but can you
say that Trump is wrong when he points
out our dairy cartel he points out we
sell a million more cars to America than
they sell that US and can you say you
can dislike what Trump is saying about
the shirkers in NATO of which Canada is
one of the worst you can dislike that
and by the way this year we won't even
be in the top 10 countries ranked by GDP
makers not looking for Canada spend an
absolute amount as big as America it's
looking for a relative amount to the GDP
so tiny Luxembourg doesn't have to spend
billions but can they please spend 2% no
they're one of the worst actually so
yeah Trump is saying hey Germany we're
actually here to protect you
you and our military bases in Germany
pour billions of dollars a year into
your economy and you are anti-american
Alex did you get that - website I sent
you about broomsticks can you throw it
up there look at this story this is the
story keeps getting repeated Germany's
army is so under equipped that it used
broomsticks instead of machineguns I
think that's from the Washington Post is
that right Alex it's the Washington Post
I think Google invent stories everywhere
the Germany German army has faced the
shortage of equipment for years of the
situation has recently become so
precarious as some soldiers took matters
into their own hands on Tuesday German
broadcaster ard revealed that German
soldiers tried to hide the lack of arms
by replacing heavy machine guns with
broomsticks
during a NATO exercise last year after
painting the wooden sticks black the
German soldiers swiftly attached them to
the top of armored vehicles
according to confidential army report
which was leaked to ard a Defense
Ministry spokesperson kissed their
gender sensitive over there so they're
not spokesman said the youth broomsticks
was not a common practice hey man we
don't do it all the time man and the
decision of the involved soldiers was
hard to comprehend
yeah no it's it's actually not hard to
comprehend when you got not in a black
broomstick it looked at least looks like
some pen now just you know hey guys it's
one thing when you use a broomstick in a
training exercise to fool that was
actually I think from a couple years
back so that was the fool Obama but can
you please not do that if he actually
get into a shooting war with God forbid
Vladimir Putin or anyone else really
we're no better here in Canada ouch can
you call up any website about Trudeau
demanding soldiers return extra sleeping
bags just any website will do
so in Germany they're using broomsticks
painted black to pretend they have
machine guns and they make PPP you
sounds probably they make explosion
sounds I'm adding that part but I guess
if you have a broomstick you have to add
Ratatat sounds and explosions house here
at Lee this look at this is from CTV
News Canada's largest private
broadcaster soldiers ordered to return
sleeping bags and rucksacks due to
shortfall of equipment the Canadian
Armed Forces has ordered its members to
return rock sacks and sleeping bag kits
so they can be redistributed because of
a shortfall of equipment CTV News has
learned and by the way some of these
sleeping bags were issued more than a
decade ago now they say that they need
them for other soldiers I actually
believe they're being giving to migrants
that's my own theory I don't know the
answer
my point is did you see my point so
America spending almost four percent of
its GDP on the military and it just and
it doesn't generally gripe about it and
I don't even think Trump's griping about
the four percent I don't think he is is
he and he's not even saying hey Germany
Canada Luxembourg the chocolate-making
countries Netherlands
you know Belgium kind of thing he's not
even saying spend what we spend he's not
even saying I want you to spend more
than you agreed he's saying can you
please keep your promise that you've
been making to American president after
American president and at least move
towards two percent least pretend like
that broomstick thing it's sort of funny
and all but that that's so real so um
Trump is not being unreasonable if you
think NATO is not unreasonable because
this is a NATO agreement two percent
it's not Trump making something up it's
what these countries promised I'm not
going to go too much long around this
today but on my show at 8 p.m. tonight
I have Justin Trudeau doing one of his
bobblehead
speak to cameras where he said we're
gonna really increase our operations in
Iraq and build capacity I'll share the
clip tonight actually Trudeau withdrew
our six sixes six C f-18 fighter jets
from the Iraq war just before they
finished off Isis so the heavy lifting
was done by America and the UK and some
Kurdish pesh MERGA and some Iraqi
government forces Canada wasn't there
but now Trudeau is ready to ready to
capacity build I don't know what that
means either
I'm pretty sure true notice and either
it's not shooting though so maybe they
could bore some German and Broomsticks
or something you know I wrote a book a
few years ago called ethical oil the
case for Canada's oil sands and then I
wrote another book called groundswell
the case for fracking and they don't
have oil sands in Germany that I know of
but they have natural gas in shale shale
this kind of rocked it's really like
clay and you've probably seen it even if
you don't know what's called it's got
tiny little pores in it you can you can
break shale it's not very strong you can
actually burn the rock like it's sort of
oil soaked or gas soaked I've seen I've
seen you can just actually burn the
rocks it's really dirty because it's
like an oily rock and there's tiny
little pores in it there's like a micro
drop of oil or gas in it it's called
shale and the question was well how do
you get those tiny little droplets of
oil or gas out of the shale you can't
and what are you gonna do burn the the
rock it's really gross and then fracking
was this technological breakthrough that
you cracked you fractured that's where
fracking come you fracture the tiny
little pores it would be like an apple
you know there you know there's juice in
the apple right but you can't just stick
a straw in the Apple you know there's
juice in an apple but it's in tiny
little pores right so how do you get
that out
well fracas that's what shale is so
fracking breaks those tiny little cells
and then and then the juice comes out
that's my analogy so so you
frack in Germany could frackenpohl you
could frack in France and why am i
talking about fracking because Europe
has billions of cubic meters of natural
gas in Western Europe but they've all
brought in or France and Germany at
least have brought in bans on fracking
their own gas including Germany which is
banned at years into the future and so
they buy their Russian gas instead
that's one things that Trump was mad
about not only does Germany shirk but
it's buying its natural gas from Russia
do we have the image of Gerhard Schrader
this is what's so weird I'm going to
almost stop talking about this now
because I go on at such length tonight
at the APM show but Gerhard Shrader the
former Chancellor of Germany actually
works for the Russian state strategic
industry I think it's or less knee EFT
which you know it's it's a it's an
energy company do we have that image
Alex it would be like the head of it'd
be like I don't know if Barack Obama or
George W Bush or Bill Clinton went to
work for Iran in their retirement why
are you doing that looks like we don't
have the image that's fine let's move on
to the next subject first I'm gonna take
some some more I saw a super chat so I'm
going to go to that I see moon man
chipped in two bucks thank you my
Russian collusion drum yeah you know
that's what's so funny is and could I
get the Obama Medvedev hot mic sound on
tape please Hannah everyone's saying
Trump is such a Russian agent and there
was Trump calling out Angela Merkel for
not only not spending enough to defend
against Russia
but for buying energy from Russia so if
Germany were to do what Trump said not
only would she cut off not only would
angular Merkel cut off money to Russia
but they would be energy self-sufficient
and they would spend a lot more money on
the military so Trump's in two ways
Trump is can i okay in two ways
Trump is auntie Putin right he wants a
stronger military and he wants Germany
to stop buying energy from them but
people say Trump is in collusion but
remember this clip with Barack Obama
this is right before the 2012
re-election take a look
I don't know if he caught that some of
the words were obscured by a little
YouTube at the bottom there but so that
was Obama and Medvedev who was like the
number two to Putin at the time and that
was a hot mic incident this and both men
were miked and you know you wear a
microphone on your lapel you forget you
wear it so Obama leans forward to
Medvedev and says tell Vladimir that
I'll have more flexibility after I'm
elected so obviously Putin wants
something from Obama and Obama saying to
Medvedev look you'll get it man
you'll get it just wait till I'm really
don't want to appear to be soft on
Russia now and men for this I would lend
Smith the information to Vladimir could
we play that clip just one more time
it's so shortened it's so much fun to
hear that Russian accent
in transmit this information to Vladimir
or change or nya or Chi scootch near me
pre-class now who's who's colluding his
Angela Merkel and Gerhard Schrader
colluding or is Donald Trump colluding
is Hillary Clinton who arranged and
approved the sale of 20% of American
uranium to a Russian entity was she
colluding or is Donald Trump colluding
if you listen to the mainstream media
Donald Trump is colluding what I saw
Donald Trump's saying in Latvia today to
the NATO boss was but the most hostile
the president has said towards Russia if
that's colluding I don't think Putin
wants him
chou-heung John you claim fracking does
not pollute water tables you're exactly
right tom I've studied the matter I've
actually been on frack jobs in
Pennsylvania
I've studied fracking on a scientific
basis I have read the exhaustive
literature from the EPA the world's
largest and most aggressive
environmental or agency and fracking
does not pollute the water table because
fracking happens far far far far lower
than the water table the water table
that we drink our water from is
typically 50 to let's say 300 feet deep
fracking typically happens a mile deep
that's solid rock and there has never
been a recorded case of fracking
polluting drinking water you'd think
there would be because there have been
literally millions of frack job
completed in Canada about 90% of all oil
and gas other than the oil sands is
frakked in my home province of Alberta
quarter million fracks have happened and
there's no case of polluted water that's
just propaganda in fact can we call up
the Anders Fogh Rasmussen Russia clip
that goes to this because I talked about
yen's
Stoltenberg the current norwegian boss
of nato but a few years back it was a
Dane named Anders Fogh Rasmussen and he
was asked about Russia and this is
before the whole Russia collusion mania
he was asked if he had any evidence that
Russia was colonizing Western
environmental organizations to get them
to suppress energy independence in
especially Europe I mean fracking has
taken off in America there's some states
that have boycotted it but Pennsylvania
Texas is there's a ton of fracking but
it's important that Germany Poland
France not frack right if you're Russia
who you're selling to you're not going
to if you're rushing you're not selling
natural gas to America if you're Russia
you're selling natural gas to Europe and
which would be a more effective opponent
of fracking in Europe would it be
Vladimir Putin standing up and saying
hey guys don't frack I want to sell you
my gas from gas problem or would it be
Greenpeace well here's what anders fogh
rasmussen a former Secretary General of
NATO had to say do we have a clip we
still don't have a clip all right we're
finding the clip and we'll have it for
you when we find it I'm gonna see if I
missed any more super Chad's I don't
think I have oh I did there we go red
pill Borat according to Politico a
private Israeli intelligence services
kicked George Soros NGOs out of Hungary
and help keep the anti immigration
President Viktor Orban in power proud of
Israel I have not seen that story but I
am very interested in that story because
I focus on George Soros and this
nefarious activities quite a bit that
you may recall that about a dozen but
necessary but six years ago I was I was
threatened with a lawsuit by George
Soros he actually filed it and notice in
Toronto so I will follow up on that
thank you red pill bore
I was unaware of that here's how to so
grass permits and we have the tape now
take a look as part of their
sophisticated information and
disinformation operations engaged
actively with so-called nongovernmental
organizations environmental
organizations working against shale gas
obviously to maintain European
dependence on imported Russian gas
that's my interpretation so eat dirt as
the new aspects to this information
operation
oh there you have it folks there you
have it or close enough that Santa's
felt grass person saying that in his
assessment the information that he had
at his fingertips from the NATO armies
is that Vladimir Putin colonised
environmental groups in Europe to make
them fight against European energy
independence that video was before Trump
was president that was before the
current anti-putin collusion mania these
days when I hear people say Russia
Russia Russia I dismiss it 90% of the
time because I think shut up already you
know your whole narrative the Trump was
a Putin agent you've been trying that
now for almost two years and and you
have no proof that doesn't mean that
Putin isn't an agent I mean he was a
former KGB agent that doesn't mean Putin
isn't trying to undermine the West we
know he is that's part of Russia's mo
and what I'm showing you there in that
video from Anders Fogh Rasmussen is that
according to the former NATO
secretary-general Putin has infiltrated
and co-opted Western environmental
groups to attack Western energy I mean
let me ask you I mean there's three
countries in the world that are
virtually tied for the largest
production of oil in there's about a
hundred million barrels a day of oil
produced that's a lot of oil isn't it
but a hundred million and there are
three countries
that produce approximately 10 million
barrels each can you name them
Saudi Arabia is obviously the biggest
and they have the ability to expand and
contract America is now at the 10
million barrel a day range and they're
just given her and fracking is a big
reason for that but Russia is the third
Russia is the third so why is it that
environmental extremist groups they
don't focus on Saudi Arabia ever they
sometimes focus on America but with only
one exception that I can think of they
never focus on Russia isn't that odd
though all these environmental extremist
groups when they're anti oil they focus
on Canada shut down the oil sands
keystone excel pipeline shut down the
oil sands from Canada that they never
quarrel with Russia other than the one
occasion greenpeace foolishly and I say
foolishly because it was actually the
only principal thing they ever did they
went after a Russian underwater drilling
Arctic drilling rig they were all
scooped up and thrown in prison and they
were held in prison for a long time and
so they were finally released and
Greenpeace never did that again so other
than that one exception Greenpeace just
doesn't go after Russia Iran Iraq
Nigeria Venezuela United Arab Emirates
Qatar Oman Bahrain any of those really
really crappy oil countries Sudan I
think anders fogh rasmussen is right i
think i've caught up on the super chance
am i right am i missing any super chance
no okay i'm gonna read some more okay
couple more let me let me check my email
my friends in the production very very
high tech production area email me any
super Chatswood I miss so I've got to
find those super chance right now here
we go
economic Tom young John make America
great again equals economic nationalism
and reality TV love it
I think you're right I see that the
Atlanta Federal Reserve estimates the
u.s. GDP growth to be around four
percent that is very high this is for
contrast in candidates about two percent
jobs you know the job market is booming
unemployment as a record low wages are
going up now you see stories about
companies complaining about a tight
labor market complaining how much they
have to pay workers and if your
interests are those of the Facebook's
and the googles and that I guess the
vegetable picker companies you yeah you
want really cheap labor that's why you
wanted open borders because you wanted
the illegal immigrants to pick your you
know oranges and to pick your you know
tomatoes for like three bucks an hour so
if you really if that's where your
interest live you believe in driving
down wages and driving up rents then you
want open borders but that's that's a
very small percentage of the population
and you know what so let's say you
benefit because when you buy that's
saying a pack of tomatoes you save a
dime if that but if you crack down on
illegal immigration if you build the
wall if you make America great again if
you stimulate the economy and wages rise
for working people and if you pull
people back into the labor market who
were unemployed in a long term way not
only are you solving a lot of social
ills the best social program is a job so
you're pulling people at the low ends
the of the demographic and economic
ladder back into work so someone who was
on welfare or just bumming around or
signed off a life now they got a job and
maybe they're making 10 bucks an hour
u.s. and maybe that's not a ton of dough
but now the guy the reason to get up in
the morning they got a sense of
accomplishment the part of society
they're being socialized jobs best
social program
there is and everyone else moves up and
yes so maybe you spending 10 cents more
on your packet Tomatoes big deal now you
have Americans employed and I wish we
did that in Canada instead we have all
these temporary foreign workers programs
and we bring in foreign workers to pay
him less than we pay Canadians and you
know what there's 7 billion people in
the world and probably about half of
them would love to come to Canada and
work for pennies and yeah maybe that
makes your Tim Hortons coffee five cents
cheaper because they're hiring foreign
workers but how does that help the
country and how does that help Canadian
workers and by the way I think young
people should get a job and I think we
have to make getting a job cool again
and yeah start at the bottom rung in the
job there should be no job that you say
oh that's beneath me I don't want to
work in McDonald's that's for foreign
workers no no that's your first job I'm
just looking at some comments here let's
see what we got here and BAM says huge
March on the 13th and 14th of July July
we'll be in London Whitehall and also in
Ireland there will be a March I'm aware
of on July 14th I think it's a 3 p.m. in
Whitehall in London that's a Tommy
Robinson March Raheem kasam is
organising it and I won't be there
myself but I will be attending the
appeal because I want to do some
journalism from there happy and Videl
Fox says I hope Trump crushes the groper
you're referring to our prime minister
Justin Trudeau I might hope that Trump
crushes the grouper but I don't want
Trump to crush Canada and that's the
thing when Trump fires back at Trudeau
through Auto tariffs that's gonna hurt
Canada it's not actually gonna hurt
Trudeau at all he's got his job he's got
his trust fund he's got his free
everything that's gonna hurt 160,000
auto workers I see a new super chat
Viking insane says what did Viola
Desmond achieve to replace her Johnny
MacDonald on our $10 bill
you know I've seen a little bit of
hubbub about that I have not done my
research forgive me I'll get back to it
but I mean Johnny McDonald I mean who's
he write me all he did was found a
country and he's some dead white male
probably racist William Wallace says Oh
Tommy Tommy now I don't know if you saw
it because I don't know if everyone was
logged in the eye sees about 600 people
watching now did I tell you that we got
us our Tommy ringtones I know I'm
repeating this for folks were on the
show 40 minutes ago but can we put that
website up again if you go to Tommy
ringtone comm we got a free Tommy
Robinson ringtone and no one's calling
me right now and that's fine I don't
feel lonely but let me play for you what
it sounds like I'm gonna hold this right
next to my microphone this is my new
ringtone how awesome is this let me play
it can you hear that that's my phone
that's my ringtone how awesome is that
I downloaded that from Tommy ringtone
calm and I figured out all by myself how
to make that my ring come it's I'm
joking a little bit because iPhone and I
think androids probably the same make it
a little bit tricky for you to upload
your own songs cuz I really want to
force you to buy a ringtone our Tommy
ringtone is free just go to our site log
in with your email get it for free and
what do we do with your email will send
you Tommy updates I think I've got a new
jet oh I read it already was about
violet Desmond okay let's catch up here
it's 12:40 I want to talk about a trump
video that I meant to show you yesterday
but we didn't and this goes to the
bluntness of Donald Trump
he just says things and I mean I showed
you a three to two or three minute clip
of him in Germany saying about 20 years
worth of negotiated diplomacy in two
minutes I meant to get to this yesterday
but I didn't have time it's Trump I
think he was standing from the
helicopter saying this was right before
he was about to fly to Europe he was
talking about simple rules for
immigrating to America very simple rules
do we have that video from yesterday
fellas let's fight here we go
tell people
to come to our country illegally that's
the solution don't come to our country
illegally come like other people do come
legally
I'm saying this very simply we have laws
we have borders don't come to our
country illegally
how you gonna sir I mean you can like
that or you can dislike that and you can
like Trump and you can dislike him I
obviously like it but how you going to
disagree with that don't come to this
country illegally how could you even
possibly take the other point of view
come illegally if you want to change
America's immigration laws then change
the laws but the laws are the laws and
the police in this case the immigration
police the Border Patrol their job is to
enforce the laws and the the role of
courts is to interpret the laws if you
don't like the lost change the laws but
those are the laws and whatever your
laws are unless you literally have no
border at all and no cops at all and no
laws at all whatever law you have even
if you have a very liberal law you are
going to have a law which means you need
some way to enforce law you will need
some police and you will need some court
to enforce whatever law you have so by
definition even you if you are a
left-wing bleeding heart globalist even
a left-wing bleeding heart globalist
believes in some laws some rules some
judiciary Trump is saying something so
obvious but when was the last time you
heard anyone say that when was the last
time you heard Justin Trudeau say that
was last time our friends in the UK or
Germany heard Theresa May or angle of
Merkel's say that you know I was
reminded of something today I saw David
Vance in the UK he's working hard out
there
David Vance tweeted a picture I don't
know if we could find that can you find
David Vance on Twitter he tweeted a
picture of Angela Merkel when she was I
think with the young communists or
something in East Germany as a girl
here's the weird thing about that angle
of Merkel was born in West Germany in
the 50s so that was free right I mean
remember after world war ii the red army
came in from the east the Allies came in
from the West
and then they sort of split Berlin they
divided up Berlin but it was like an
island look at this from David Vance can
you see that Angela Merkel responds to
Trump I've experienced myself a part of
Germany controlled by the Soviet Union
yes she sure did
here she is in full communist attire
that is angle a Merkel as in Eastern
Europe why was she in eastern Germany
excuse me which was the DDR the Deutsche
should German Scratchy sure Republic and
then the that's of course it was it was
not democratic and it was not a republic
it was a Soviet vassal state it was a
colony of the Soviet Union I was run by
the Stasi it was an awful place really
reminiscent in some ways of the Nazism
that it's that it succeeded
why was Angela Merkel in East Germany
was she kidnapped why did she go to East
Germany she was born I think in Hamburg
she was born in West Germany did you
know that her dad moved the family from
free West Germany into Soviet dominated
East Germany he did that by choice you
know during the Cold War which is of a
bloody long time I think he could
probably count on two hands were the
fingers the number of Americans or
Westerners who said I want to go and
live under Soviet domination like it was
so weird and so irregular I mean I don't
maybe it happened a little more often in
Germany just because there was the same
families and ethnicities just on both
sides of an artificial more I don't know
I mean I suppose there would be some
South Koreans who said I want to live in
the North I mean there's no accounting
for craziness and again there might be
family reasons but Angela Merkel's dad
said we're gonna move to the east
that is one screwed up gal I see if five
dollars should be checked from rare
groups it says Ezra please sing Tommy
Tommy song you have such a big beautiful
voice you know what that's what our
friends would call taking the piss I
think you're making fun of me
but I don't care I sang a song in
Russian earlier because we were talking
about Russia things and it's not even a
song it's a chance and the thing about
the soccer chance or is this a football
chance is that they're designed to be
sung by people like me with no singing
skill look they're not beautiful songs
like all the different like did can you
call up Alex can you get the chance that
the British and the Swedish teams you
know that the Brits were saying your
ship but your birds are fit and the the
Swedes were saying go home to your ugly
wives can you get that sorry for all the
swears but that's football lingo I'm
gonna show you some of the chants you
know what I'm talking about Alex come on
people you got to stay up but you got to
stay on top of the memes the World Cup
it's a soccer thing it's a soccer thing
which they call football
they were saying your Shi T but the
birds such a way terrible at soccer but
your but your girlfriends are beautiful
which is actually a pretty complimentary
thing as soccer chance go I mean they
can be pretty brutal so they're saying
you guys are terrible at soccer but
we'll grant you that your women are
pretty but the Swedes they had a chant
in reply can you find that one Alex I'll
just I'll take you out of suspense they
say go home to your ugly wives that's
the sweetest chant but at least they
were saying it in English which I
appreciate I know I oh yeah let's play
let's play the Swedish one just because
it had
that's tough stuff I think that's to the
tune of go west you know that song go
West Sun in wintertime I think it's a go
home to your ugly wives go home to your
ugly wives that's tough
that is tough stuff the sort of mean but
that's how soccer chants are is they say
football chants but they were singing it
in English which I guess you you have to
do if you're trying to insult Englishmen
you should probably be speaking English
if they were to say that in Swedish no
one would understand them the Brits were
singing in English too but again I say I
mean to call someone Shi TM surround a
swing so once I got some negative
feedback for that the other day your Shi
T but your birds are fit that's a
compliment I think that's a compliment
I don't understand football culture and
I don't I don't particularly think I'm
ever going to because that's like it
takes like 30 years to understand that
rare group says you're rather decent
bloke Ezzor get yourself a beer on me
well thanks very much and thank you for
the five pounds pre-shaped that yeah you
know even beer culture it's a little bit
different one of the things that I
really enjoyed about my visit with Tommy
is pub culture in the UK it's a family
place there's kids there in strollers
and and like high chairs they're
obviously not drinking it's just the
whole family goes to the pub and it's no
big deal and no one's freaking out and
no one's idea your carding the little
ones and everyone's responsible enough
and it's sort of funny and you know the
whole concept of the gastro pub like a
pub that serves great food it's a real
thing in the UK they don't really have a
lot of that in Canada I don't think
there's a lot of fake British pubs or
real British pubs in Canada you know the
Fox and this the Elephant and Castle
whenever they got all their traditional
names and they're good enough but there
they're always a little dark and dingy
and yeah you can
your meat pies and whatnot but there's
no kids in them I mean maybe I don't go
off enough maybe there are some kids II
gastropubs out there but the fun I think
it makes it more fun in the UK where you
got all the generations like it's really
a town meeting spots like I mean my take
on Canadian bars it's just typically
where young single people go right or
people have to work or whatever but it's
not like let's go to the pub for four
hours as a family and grandpa's there
and in the middle and the boomers are
there and the youngsters are there and
you even have kids there and it's like a
is almost like a Town Square meeting
thing that's a different feeling maybe
you have to be my age to think that's
fun that all the generations are there
in the same place and they're hanging
out for hours and maybe you got the game
on
but that's any other Tommy sort of
introduced me to that I'm talking I'm
Tommy centric and I think it's cuz we
got that new Tommy ringtone comm which
is pretty awesome and I've been keeping
seeing a bit with the family because you
know I don't want to tell tell us out of
school but I don't think they'd mind me
saying that they they have a little bit
of optimism about how things are gonna
go with the appeal and I do too and
hopefully that will become apparent in
the days ahead and we've got to stay
optimistic too don't you think all right
let's just check the time it's so 52 I
did you could see I avoided singing the
Tommy but why don't I sing it will you
join me let's play one more time and
then I just I for some reason I'm
feeling self-conscious I didn't feel
self-conscious when I sang you know go
home to your ugly wives for some reason
that I didn't feel self-conscious about
that
I'm just getting my ringtone here just
wanna play one more time to get just to
get it back in my mind here we go
Oh Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy
Robinson I don't think you want to even
be too melodic like you don't want to
sing that perfectly you don't want to
sing that like you're a pop singer you
don't want to like really Bell or an
opera singer because it's not meant for
that
it's a chant not a song it's a chant
made for people who don't know how to
sing and maybe are slightly inebriated
and maybe just maybe can't hold a tune
or sing on key the plus it's really easy
to remember the words am i right I want
to tackle one more video Canada has an
immigration minister who came to Canada
as a refugee his name is Ahmed Hassan
this you can probably guess from the
name he is a Muslim man himself who came
from Somalia if I'm not mistaken and he
has thrown open the Boers can you Google
I'm at Hudson and Alex Soros there's a
picture the two of them meeting George
Soros is in his 80s he probably I mean
he's I don't know how many heart
transplants these an or blood
transplants when you're worth ten twenty
billion dollars you can stay alive who
knows maybe to a hundred one of the
Rockefellers did when you've got that
much money and you say I'm gonna live
every second I can you can stretch your
life longer but let's take a look at his
son Alex Soros who's clearly going to
take over the family politics there is
Alex
Soros in New York City with Ahmed Hassan
let me read it this is Alex sources
Instagram page honored to introduce the
inspirational Allman Husson Canada's
Minister of Immigration refugees and
citizenship at this year's Concord des
summit I'm just gonna squint my eyes too
a little bit focusing on migrants and
refugees this incredible man was himself
a Sayle refugee who fled from Somalia
and immigrated to Canada where he fights
tirelessly for migrants refugees and
stateless people not just in Canada but
around the world Thank You Minister
Hudson for being such a role model in
these troubled times yeah I'll say
fights that who does he fight well he
fights against Canadians according to
the Liberal Party zone but it's Alex
Soros sir that's George Soros his son so
when George Soros kicks the bucket Alex
is gonna be around for at least 50 more
years so who doesn't have some fight
Alex or says he fights and indeed he
does according to the Liberal
government's own polls only 8% of
Canadians want more immigration and that
poll was before the open borders with
America thing that numbers surely fallen
so he's basically fighting against 92%
of Canadians absolutely Ontario has a
new premier named Doug Ford who doesn't
like the fact that he's stuck with the
tab for all these unemployable unskilled
culturally unfit migrants who are bogus
to begin with and so he called them
illegal immigrants which of course they
are
here's Amundsen raging against that take
a look now we we have to work together
to have an orderly system where asylum
seekers are redirected to temporary
housing sites while they wait for their
hearings if Ontario chooses not to be
part of the process it means that we
will not have an orderly system in place
and so and I'm also perplexed by the
notion that Ontario is saying you know
we need you to help us we need you to
help Toronto we need you to give us
money but we wouldn't be partner in that
effort that doesn't make sense to me and
I'm very concerned by by premier Ford
and Minister McLeod really making
statements that are
that are difficult to to understand when
it comes to how they are describing
asylum seekers these are people who we
have a legal obligation to give a fair
hearing to and and so we're applying
Canadian law we're applying
international law and that requires all
of us or government to work together you
know what I was just googling something
they're going to email it to our
producer Alex and Hanna for them to put
up on the screen because I don't know if
they'll find it quick enough on their
own I'm at Husson and Alex Soros so not
just Instagram buddies like anyone can
take a selfie right I actually have a
picture of myself with Justin Trudeau
running my hair through his fingers I
got to dig it up somewhere I should post
that against hilarious anyone can get it
forward with anyone but but take a look
at this this is as you can see from the
government of canada this is from the
government of canada website i'm going
to read this to you
canada united nations h CR high
councilor high commission of refugees
and the Open Society Foundations that's
George Soros's
foundation seek to increase refugee
resettlement through private sponsorship
that's the headline but that's not
actually what this is about this is a
contrary delimit New York the Government
of Canada the UN High Commissioner for
Refugees and the Open Society
Foundations that that's a DA and then
you see the three points there these are
the three points so this is a contract
between the government of canada and
soros of society so canada has a
contract outsourcing immigration policy
to george soros to the united states
that's weird but look at point three can
you see it one of the three things a
Soros foundation is being paid to do by
Canada is provide a vehicle that
mobilizes citizens in direct support of
refugees and encourages a broader
political debate that is supportive of
refugee protection you can take it down
now and I know we're almost out of time
but
my point is that's not immigration
policy immigration policies how many
immigrants how many refugees how you
handle them point three there is a
propaganda policy shape the debate
encourage propagandize Alex Soros and
George Soros have a contract with the
government of canada i just showed you
the web page can find it yourself
to promote their globalist open borders
muslim centric migration agenda and the
government of canada signed it on a
dotted line and put out a press release
and have you even heard about that in
the mainstream media it's on the
government of Canada's website of course
not because the mainstream media
supports it and knows that if they
talked about it well you wouldn't my
friends it's one o'clock we're out of
time that's it for today's show you
should tune in tonight at 8 p.m. because
I really go deep on this NATO thing play
a lot more of that Trump clip and I show
some Canadian clips and responses will
make you mad until next time on behalf
of all of us here at a rebel world
headquarters goodbye keep fighting for
freedom
you
