Islamist hate preacher extremists and
convicted terrorists supporter Anjem
Choudary is due to be released from
prison imminently he was sentenced to
five years but he's being released after
serving only two-and-a-half you thought
that was wrong I thought that was wrong
and that's why 11,000 of you more than
11,000 of you signed this petition to
jail Anjem that's why we started the
jail and Jim calm campaign and I'm here
at Downing Street today to tell the
government that we think he's dangerous
and should be put back behind bars you
might remember we also commissioned a
public opinion poll from reputable
opinion polling company one poll who
worked with Sky and ITV I have those
results with me here today I'm handing
it in to the government to tell them
that we think he's dangerous we want our
streets to be safe and we think he
should serve his full sentence at least
let's go so we went through the gates
the security checks of 10 Downing Street
we walked up and knocked on that
historic front door the front door of a
home that seen some of the the greatest
historic British Prime Minister's and in
recent years some not so great British
Prime Minister's and I handed them a
petition that more than 11,000 of you
signed saying that you want Anjem
Choudary to serve his full prison
sentence at least we did this because of
you we could only do this because of
your help by supporting us at jail and
Jim calm and you might remember we also
commissioned a public opinion poll 68%
of British people say that they want
Anjem Choudary to serve his full
sentence behind bars this is only
possible because of you but the fight
hasn't ended the fight really starts now
when he's released we need to continue
this campaign we need to pressure the
British government and tell them that
this man is not safe to be on our
streets please go to jail and Jim calm
chip-in if you can whatever you can
afford really helps us if we can raise
enough let's get a billboard campaign
going and let's keep pressuring their
government and telling them that this
man is dangerous and should serve his
full sentence behind bars thank you and
please go to jail and Jim calm support
this campaign and let's get this man
locked back up the fight isn't over
Anjem Choudary is coming out of prison
if we can raise enough funds I'd love to
get a huge jail engine billboard in
central London let's try and make that
happen
please go to jail and Jim calm and chip
in whatever you can afford thank you for
supporting this campaign
you
