ant-man and the loss flew in the
theaters and is already on its way to be
a box-office success not surprising
since the Marvel brand seems to be
bulletproof
or is it I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood ant-man and the loss was made
for about a hundred and thirty million
and is already projecting to be a
box-office success now this film has
multiple new characters most of which
are women which normally I wouldn't even
think or care about but this is 2018 in
the world of derangement left Syndrome
so to fortunately have to consider the
possibility that these actresses are
being placed there not to create a more
compelling story and add to it but to
push a specific agenda so does that
happen let's find out as a viewer I'm
giving it a five out of five ant-man
stays true to his tiny form this is not
some cliche world ending Doomsday Clock
the heroes must say no this is an
intimate crime thriller kind of drama
it's our characters and our heroes
dealing with problems that are much more
close to home and more intimate which
makes it really relatable and fun to
watch it's funny the special effects are
great the action also propels the story
forward and really just makes it a good
watch from start to finish now as a
critic I'm gonna give this movie a four
out of five first off the casting for
this movie has done very well Michelle
Pfeiffer is wonderful as always I can't
believe she's 60 it's crazy Laurence
Fishburne is also always fantastic in
every movie elleven Lily is wonderful
and Paul Rudd is just he's great as a MN
now where this movie does suffer is the
same way in most stories suffer a hero
is only as good as the antagonist
they're put against how good is the
villain and the villain in this movie is
ghost and it misses the mark for really
self-inflicted reasons social justice
reasons the original ghost in the comic
books like most of their villains are
very well drawn deep and complicated
characters with a great origin story to
justify their actions and the original
comic books ghost was a socially awkward
brilliant engineer who had these weird
abilities he's working for a tech
company the giant tech company hires an
actress to be his new partner
specifically to make him fall in love
with her so he would stay there and
continue to work for they're making tons
of money now this actress the love of
his life dies and so in new pursuits
trying to find new ideas new things he
ends up accidentally hacking the tech
company and finding out that she was
hired by them specifically the fall in
love with him but they actually did fall
in love and she began blackmailing the
company in an attempt to free ghost
had her killed and because this he
becomes the villain he's absolutely
ripped apart he becomes an
anti-capitalist anarchist now that's a
great story right but there's two things
wrong with that in 2018 first off he's a
man second you can't have a villain be
anti-capitalist that's the heroes jobs
so what do we do well we have another
puddle deep cliche villain whose origin
makes absolutely no sense
now obviously first ghost is a woman and
they really point this out tune the
opening scene with her everywhere she
attacks the heroes and they're like oh
who is this guy who was that guy like
you somehow didn't notice that she's
five six has a beach body covered in
spandex and there's somehow supposed to
show that you're surprised that ghost
would be a girl you know we just saw the
wasp he was a five six hundred twenty
pound supermodel beat down ten armed
guards with their bare hands about five
minutes ago but then we go back to
ghosts to orange and story and stop if
you heard this one before her dad is a
genius and only because of
discrimination oppression he has to work
on his own on these really dangerous
projects and of course both four parents
died in a freak accident and she gets
these powers but don't worry who comes
to save the day the evil CIA picks
ghosts up and ends up studying and
helping her with her powers try to
eliminate the pain even building her own
suit to help her in her daily life deal
with these new abilities and pain but of
course they have to weaponize ER because
the only export apparently United States
economy is violence and they make her do
bad things and brace yourself they end
up trying to kill her why for absolutely
no reason
boom ghost is born now this is kind of
nitpicky but I do care because the
original story I think is great the
original origin story for Ghost and what
it worked great in this movie but anyway
my faith in values is a four out of five
family is huge in this movie as seen by
Paul Rudd ant-man his relationship with
his daughter is absolutely wonderful he
gives everything to this girl he tries
to do everything he possibly can to be
best father for her also the wasp in her
relationship their father is wonderful
he's a great father figure to her the
entire motivation of the story is trying
to find her mother the traditional
conservative Family Values is promoted
all over this film in every single
relationship and how important it
actually is as seen most prominently
actually in the ghost story and Laurence
Fishburne's character but what's crazy
becomes that father figure for her and
how needed that is showing that
unconditional love and then his guidance
helps bring her on the path to
redemption
all in all ant-man the wasp was another
really fun entertaining film that's
definitely worth a watch this summer I'm
Ben Davis this is pure Hollywood and
another fantastic news you can now
download the rebel up and take me with
you wherever you go to get exclusive
content
the entire rebel lineup
you
