so my very first rebel video was about
the decline of art and culture and the
cult of ugliness and my mom posted
something today on Facebook and I
thought it was really funny it was this
fashion show
now this reminded me of the Zoolander
movie where they did a fashion show
called delete the future of fashion let
me show you
darrel each it is a fashion a way of
life inspired by the very homeless the
vagrants to the crack whores that make
this wonderful city so unique I am
it is incredible how things that were a
joke around 10 years ago are now totally
real in 2018
I mean this is now fashion this is it
don't get me wrong I love weird if
you're familiar with some of my artwork
I mean I can get a little bit weird
I like strange but beautiful things and
I'm you know I'm all for weird but this
is too much like a joke and I just
thought that I'd share this with you
because you know arts and culture look
at what they're doing and if feminists
want to complain that the expectations
of women in the fashion industry
are being so slim and beautiful that is
absolutely wrong the fashion industry is
run by gays remember their gays and look
at this does this look like some sexy
booty stuff I mean if the fashion
industry was run by straight men fashion
would look a lot different and models
would look a lot different I mean they
stop being super bombshell beautiful in
like the 90s when heroin chic became in
fashion and they started looking more
and more like aliens sure there's some
really beautiful ones
you know Sports Illustrated is is one
that goes there they like the the
beautiful ones and Victoria's Secret but
again Victoria's Secret is pandering to
women so the whole feminist argument of
women in the fashion industry and the
expectations of women is not really that
accurate it is run by gays and just look
at the kind of stuff that they're
putting down the runway if you want to
see more for me and the rest of the
rebel team like and subscribe
you
