it's July 10th I'm Ezra Levant and
you're watching battleground
oh hello and welcome I'm Angela van this
is called battleground I'm the president
in the rebel dawn media I have a regular
show every day at 8 p.m. Eastern Time
about what we've been doing for a couple
months now is everyday at 12:00 noon
Eastern Time we have this live chat
Google actually invented something
called super chat and that means that in
addition to regular comments that you
can make in real time along the
right-hand side of the screen you can
chip in a few bucks and make your
comment a super chat that pins it to the
top of that panel and it puts it in the
bright color other folks can see it and
I can see it out of the corner of my eye
I got my laptop open here the cord in my
I can see the bright color and I promise
to read all the super chats because I
don't know if you know this but we
actually get a portion of the dough from
super chat it's a good workaround given
that YouTube has D monetize conservative
opinion sites such as our so thank you
in advance if you want to chip in we've
got a lot of things I want to cover
today on my evening show tonight I
talked at length about Donald Trump's
nominee Brett Kavanaugh to this Supreme
Court of the United States and I go
through it a little bit and I think my
chief takeaway is I'm sort of jealous as
a Canadian we don't have that process we
don't have scrutiny of our Supreme Court
and judges they're just announced one
day and it's done and there's no vetting
and there's no chance at all that
someone will be blocked just none it's
not quite true of course the Canadian
judicial establishment balked at one of
Stephen Harper's judges and sued to stop
him but Stephen Harper actually did make
eight appointments to the Supreme Court
of Canada and he had one that was
frustrated but even Stephen Harper did
not democratize the process and even
worse I think he didn't appoint
conservative judges Donald Trump is
remaking America's judiciary for a
generation to come his appointee his
nominee is in his early 50s I think he's
like 52 or 50
three there is no retirement age for
judges in the you know US Supreme Court
in candidates 75 years old in the u.s.
they serve as long as they want Ruth
Bader Ginsburg who's not quite all there
I don't think she's always falling
asleep in the middle of things she's 85
so this appointments or this nomination
the Trump is making could serve what to
the year 2050 theoretically imagine that
trumps reach will extend well past the
mid well to the midpoint of the century
and Ruth Bader Ginsburg him she's
holding on with those little claws she
doesn't want to let go because she knows
when she goes Donald Trump is not going
to appoint a hard left alt left radical
activists like her like I say Trump will
remake the face of the US Supreme Court
something Harper could have done but did
not - I don't want to spend any more
time on that because I go really deep on
the subject on tonight's show and I
encourage you to tune in but I have some
other things I want to show you of
course we just had the u.s. Independence
Day the 4th of July and there's a very
obscure comedian named Michelle wolf and
she briefly had her moment when she was
invited to be the guest comedian at the
White House Correspondents Dinner it's
an annual thing Donald Trump did not
attend this year why would he I mean the
Correspondents despise him why would he
go and endure that he doesn't need them
they need him there was a bit of a bit
of a fiasco it's a fiasco at the at the
best of times it was at the same White
House Correspondents Dinner if I'm not
mistaken when Trump was in the audience
and Barack Obama said you'll never be
President I am and you can just sort of
see Trump thinking yeah says you we'll
look who had the last laugh there you
know Trump did not attend this year but
Michelle wolf did and she bombed it was
a disaster I mean she's not that funny a
comedian to begin with i she's half her
snake is that she's hard at act like
this
that's half the shtick but just talking
in sort of a baby silly bronzy accent
that's not enough you gotta have some
funny there but what she lacked in funny
she made up for in
Zen ship attacking Trump obviously I
mean does the White House Correspondents
Dinner but but she had this weird joke
where she said abortion don't knock it
till you try it
and then really not yet coming up and
and boy it was a disaster some media
groups said they were no longer gonna
attend the White House Correspondents
Dinner but the celebrity entertainment
media complex loved it and have given
her her own show on Netflix and so she
did this fourth of July segment I don't
even know where it appeared I don't even
care really the fact that someone
financed it is amazing to me to take a
look at Michelle wolf and what some of I
mean what's the most important thing
about the the Independence Day about the
Revolutionary War about the Constitution
about July 4 what's the most important
thing about a republic instead of a part
of an empire isn't about the Bill of
Rights would it set the table for the
emancipation of slaves I don't know
what's what's the most important thing
about the 4th of July
well if you made sure yeah well its
abortion here take a look
to be a big deal it's actually a great
deal it's about $300 that's like six
movie tickets movie saying it's a bad
deal yeah you know my point is comedy
should be funny
I'm not against left-wing comedy I mean
there's some hilarious comedians on the
left although these days that's becoming
more and more difficult to assert
because so much of comedy is mocking
things showing contradictions pointing
out hypocrisy and that's triggering and
if you you know a staple of comedy for
so long and maybe it's because so many
Jews were in comedy and there's a
self-deprecating nature to Jewish comedy
I mean just think of Larry Seinfeld and
Larry David and Jerry Seinfeld Larry
David Curb Your Enthusiasm Woody Allen
is there anyone more self Deborah
there's that style and so a lot of
comedians coming into a Jewish style
American comedy if they were Hispanic if
they were Korean whatever if they were
black they would really work those riffs
right I mean black comedy it's a whole
other genre it's not so Jewish but you
couldn't have a Chris Rock or a Eddie
Murphy comedy routine some be those were
real pioneers in black comedy Richard
Pryor you couldn't do that comedy if you
couldn't make fun of in their case
blacks and in the case of the Jewish
comedians I listed making fun of Jewish
neuroses yeah I think of community and I
forget the name of the Asian comedian
who who was also the Spanish teacher
hilarious so much of the comedy comes
from themselves and mocking their own
ethnicity that's illegal now under PC
rules
that's why comedians don't go to
campuses anymore they're not allowed to
tell any jokes my only point is that my
point there is it okay
left-wing you should be funny but you're
not allowed to be funny now in left-wing
comedy and you saw that abortion sketch
there where's the funny part I mean I'm
not just I don't just disagree with the
politics I'm saying can we please have a
comedian who is funny if you want an
abortion get one was that sort of funny
and you notice that was on Netflix I
thought that's what was from it was I
saw you know Netflix just put Barack
Obama's former senior adviser Susan Rice
on the board I think it's Susan Rice and
they just signed a multi multi I think
it's like a an eight-figure deal with
the Obamas Barack and Michelle Obama
firm for a whole series of show so it
really is dem flicks not Netflix anymore
I mean it's it's being colonized by the
left eye I mean I think the Netflix
should have a diversity of views that's
my own point of view if you don't like
Netflix don't don't buy it it's a
private company you know it's forcing
you it's not like the CBC or the BBC or
the Australian Broadcasting Corporation
or PBS it's not subsidized so I'm if
they want to turn themselves into an
Obama Network that's fine I mean you
would think that they might want to do
something new Hollywood is already down
the line Democrat but just what gets me
the most about that is how cringing Lee
unfunny it is and just a moment before
we we turn the camera on our producer
Hannah and producer Hannah said why
would why would that be who would who
would greenlight Michelle Wolf's comedy
I mean she's manifestly unfunny
seriously go going to you two I did this
when I first heard her name after the
White House correspondent go on a
YouTube Google Michelle wolf and watch
her comedy before she became infamous or
famous at the White House Correspondents
Dinner it is not funny she was on one
late night show dressed as adult orphan
so she was dressed out and she had and
yes and that cringey voice is not enough
I think a Gilbert Gottfried you know who
I'm talking about and Hannah can you
google Gilbert Gottfried Fifty Shades of
Grey and do you know who I'm talking
about he has this voice and his face
looks like this I think he did the voice
of Iago in in that Disney movie Aladdin
you know who I'm talking about you'll
know in a second Gilbert Gottfried is
funny he did the Aflac commercials until
he said something politically incorrect
was fired let me know when you got it
it's Gilbert Gottfried okay I'm gonna
call for a clip in a second having a
funny voice is a start to comedy what
was his name Steven Wright who just told
deadpan but so a voice a stick is
something but you've got to have a joke
underneath it just simply talking like
this
it's not funny in itself and saying if
you want that launch and have one that's
not funny in the stuff you want to see
funny
here's Gilbert Gottfried taking his
voice which I think he hams up and what
is the last thing you think of when you
hear Gilbert Gottfried I've lost the
accent now I want to play for you 60
seconds of Gilbert Godfried this my
friends is comedy Bolcom presents Fifty
Shades of Grey Thea Roddick best-selling
novel read by Gilbert Godfried stop
dancing and is staring to open mouth and
drooling slightly hear it the way it was
meant to be heard
keep still he orders and slowly he
inserts his thumb inside me rotating it
around and around stroking the front
my vagina no fisting you say anything
else you objective I agree to the
fisting but I'd really like to claim
your famed voice actor Gilbert Gottfried
gives a reading that can only be
described as sensual all right what's
the comedy there do I need to explain
the joke you know explaining a joke it's
like dissecting a frog and everyone's
bored and at the end of the day the Frog
is dead right if you have to explain the
joke it's not funny right but I'll just
tell you why that was funny could you
have this voice which is probably the
least sexy voice in America
reading sensual Chiclets that these you
know moms are listening to at the gym
and I'm sorry what he said when he said
my vagina you see that's quite I don't
know Gilbert Gottfried's politics I mean
I'm just guessing he said he's a Jew in
comedy from New York I'm guessing he's a
Democrat but he told a bloody funny joke
and I mean that whole thing is more than
a joke it was a whole stick that's funny
he didn't just he just didn't say you
want an abortion have an abortion you
want an abortion it's great abortion and
then play a laugh track that's not funny
that's not funny
Michelle wolf is not funny how did she
get a show on Netflix being so painfully
unfunny well because she's just a
Democrat with a laugh track under it she
just reads Hillary Clinton talking
points with a laugh track how does that
get funded that's that's back to the
question that Hannah asked me before we
went live well not everything is on a
dollars and cents basis and we know this
by looking at how Mark Zuckerberg acts
how Jeff Bezos acts
Carlos sling the owner of the New York
Times acts as George Soros acts once you
have a certain amount of money like
Netflix which is billions and billions
of dollars not everything is about money
in fact you start to crave meaning other
than money I mean Jeff Bezos what's he
worth over a hundred billion now or
something I have to check his stock
price does it really matter
if he's worth 200 billion or 100 billion
dollars there's nothing he can't buy so
then you crave meaning you crave power
as George Soros says about himself he
starts to think of himself as a god I
mean of course he can get what he wants
financially but can he get what he wants
morally politically religiously
aesthetically whatever any other other
way and I put it to you that that is why
Michelle wolf has a gig I do not believe
it will make money I do not believe that
a lot of people will watch that deadly
unfunny show but it's not even about her
and it's not certainly not about money
it is about the political will of the
people who run Hollywood who run Netflix
the people who just signed an
eight-figure deal with the Obamas the
Obamas are not that interesting I mean I
think people will watch out of curiosity
Donald Trump had a real showbiz Flair
he did well as a reality store shark
show star who knows maybe a Barack Obama
Michelle Obama will be more interesting
and then we think but I want to show you
something in Hannah do you get that list
I sent you this is just from Wikipedia
so it's an amateur collection I want to
show you something that I recall seeing
a decade ago when it happened I'm in
Toronto these days and back then I would
had a friend who was on the board of the
Toronto International Film Festival and
he would give me tickets which was very
nice to these premieres of all these
movies and it was quite something I mean
it's Toronto Film Festival is a bit of a
big deal and I was based in Calgary but
I would come out and you know I would
get two four six eight tickets to these
shows and I felt like a bit of a
big-shot and they would share him around
and I would go there and the stars were
there I met
I didn't say hello to most of the stars
but I was right there and it was very
exciting
I have to tell you they think about the
Toronto International Film Fest was most
of the movies were awful I'm sure I
don't think anyone who attends would
disagree they're just awful and I saw
one movie premiered there will premiere
it was called the Valley of Elah II lah
that's some reference to the Bible it
was Tommy Lee Jones and Charlize Theron
and Susan Sarandon and you can tell by
his names that doesn't sound and hard
left wing and Charlize Theron I think
it's tough when these days - it was an
anti-war movie and I think this was 2007
so the Iraq war remember 9/11 happened
in 2001 late 2001 Iraq war really began
in in earnest in 2002 in Afghanistan and
this movie came out 2007 so it was
probably commissioned 2005 or something
and it was still George W Bush as
president and this was can you put that
with the Wikipedia list up by
chronological order so this is a list of
anti-war films and this is just some
amateur list put together on Wikipedia
so you can see that there's been
anti-war movies but just slow down for a
second there's one in 1914 and one a
couple years later so during the entire
course of World War one you can see
there's three anti-war movies and then
there's a few like but one a year and
then scroll ahead and then in World War
two like there's four anti-war movies in
the entire course of world war two and
then there's a couple during Korea right
the 50s and then move ahead there and
then Hollywood starts getting more
political and you see him well I guess
there weren't that many during Vietnam
but scroll ahead to the year 2001
so okay you could see there's some
anti-war movies in Vietnam sorry I was I
wasn't seeing the dates properly I was
looking the 60s so yeah Hollywood really
starts becoming counterculture lots of
you know The Deer Hunter bridge too far
slaughterhouse-five
anti-war movies okay then they it's not
a lot of Wars going on because the Cold
War sort of froze things up and then in
1989 the Berlin Wall fall and then
scooch ahead to just skip way ahead to
okay so 9/11 comes in and there's really
no anti-war movies there's you know one
a year into it a couple in 2001 a couple
2002 is one in 2003 and remember you
can't just make a movie by snapping your
fingers right so it takes a year or two
to Commission a movie get it going
film it produce it and release it so you
can see it and this is just some listen
someone can pilot them I don't even know
all these movies but can you see a 9/11
was 2001 war in Afghanistan Iraq really
kicks up 2002 2003 but you see that all
of a sudden in 2004 you've got 1 2 3 4 5
6 7 8 movies in 2004 and then scroll
down to 2005 you got 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 or
whatever and but can you remember any of
these movies
2006 the group you know I see is the
Valley of Elah yeah in the Valley of
Elah you see that 2007 that's the movie
I saw horrible movie I saw it at the
premiere so do you see how many look at
2007 one two three and and when's that
that's in the year before the u.s.
selection right
scroll down to 2008 look at all those so
this is softening up the public for
Barack Obama the Netflix boss and again
can you even remember those movies
stop-loss remember that one the war on
democracy and there were so many of
these okay put it down but I got to come
back to this in a minute I'm gonna come
back in a minute there's so many
anti-war movies they were all flops not
one of them was a box-office success
some of those movies had literally a few
hundred thousand bucks in in box office
I don't have some bucks that wouldn't
even pay for catering on a movie set why
were you so they were a few you know the
there was a few and then a torrent and
then you saw it almost stopped dad when
Barack Obama took over in 2009 why they
were still troops in Iraq still troops
in Afghanistan the war was still ongoing
why all of a sudden if I could put it
back up now I want to I want to point
that out so did you see 2008 there were
so many and then Barack Obama is elected
in the fall of 2008 and let me just make
sure I'm looking this carefully because
these numbers are so small there's a few
movies that trickle out and then it just
sort of it sort of stops do you see that
that's just that's just no more there's
no more anti-war movies there just are
none how can that be you've got all
these different Studios the war is still
raging there are troops and what you
just stop okay now once Barack Obama is
safely we elected in 2012 there's a few
more in 2013/2014 by the way
okay thanks very much for showing that
can you do you know the name of the only
movie about war during those years there
was a box-office smash let me see if I
put it in the comments if you can guess
it I'll tell you the answer right now it
was called 300 do you want to grab at
the trailer to the movie 300 about
Sparta I forget the name of the star in
that one
Gerard something it was a hell of a
movie it was about a small group of
Spartans at Thermopylae holding off
Persians they weren't Muslim back then
there were Persians it's a it's a real
battle yet put up the b-roll yeah we
don't need to the sound but people will
immediately recognize this film it was a
huge success it was a little bit
mystical it was how it was called 300 it
was about how 300 there were Spartans
right am I getting my remember correctly
stood at again I was obviously brilliant
scimitar free special effects a little
bit of sexiness what's that guy's name
Gerard's something there was some great
fights look that guy this movie was I
think it was the largest r-rated movie
of the year I'm going from memory again
if I'm wrong don't be mad at me why was
this movie so successful because it was
about a small group of Western men
defending against the Persian Empire and
every horrible thing from the tyrants
and land I don't know if you remember
this scene here actually can you roll
back roll back ten seconds and give me
audio this wonderful scene get grow back
30 seconds and give me give me audio
my people with slavery
all right thank you so yeah I mean by
the way there was a lot of these cliche
lines in that movie like will rain down
so many arrows it'll be like darkness
and they also will fight in the night or
something like they had something
cliches those are were actually Spartan
Saints like in it sounds too cliche but
the reason their cliches because that's
how the Spartans were why was that movie
called 300 I think was the biggest
r-rated movie of the year because
Americans and Canadians and Brits and
people around the world wanted to cheer
for the military and this was the
closest Hollywood what let them come an
ancient battle of Western men Sparta
versus Eastern Marauders and terrorists
Persia and you saw that guy with all the
metal on his face that was the Persian
Emperor you saw some of the freakish
characters it was a hell of a film if
you haven't seen their recommended that
was the closest Hollywood allowed
America to get to patriotism and support
the troops that movie two degrees of
separation from I mean separate
geographically separate temporarily but
that was as close as Americans were
allowed to feel patriotic and they loved
that movie not just because it was a
feast for the eyes and very exciting but
because it was pro-western and pro
and it's a hell of a true story also
underneath it I mean there's a lot of
cinematography artistic license layered
on top of it but there really was a
battle of thermopylae them the fiery
gates is what that means in Greek do you
and you probably think of what are you
talking about it or why are you talking
about movies because Hollywood will not
give the people what they want and the
odd occasion where they do it's a huge
success I think of wedding you throw up
the trailer with no sound of The Passion
of the Christ by Mel Gibson not everyone
agrees with Mel Gibson's theology he's a
little bit mystical too he's a little
bit controversial in some ways but Mel
Gibson's r-rated movie I think that's
the highest rated R movie of all time
you are rated movies his Mel Gibson's
the passion I'd love to show the just
some b-roll of that trailer Mel Gibson
could not get that movie produced no
studio would touch it it was in Latin
and Aramaic dead languages do we got the
here we go
he's literally doing a movie in Latin
and it's the boring Christian by Baal
and he did it anyways and it was what
did it make a billion dollars a billion
dollars and there was good and evil and
there was Jesus Christ was the star of
it James Caviezel and Mel Gibson did
that himself and he became even richer
and it was politically incorrect because
he talked about Caiaphas the Jewish high
priest and he and he was not friendly
about it okay thanks for sure that's a
great movie if you haven't seen it also
again a visual feast for the eyes
Hollywood does not give people what they
want
Hollywood does not allow people to have
a pro-military Pro troops movie do they
but with three hundred we got it
Hollywood does not allow people to have
a blockbuster Pro Christian movie do
they when Mel Gibson gave it to the
people in turned a billion dollars
instead Hollywood serves up crap like
Michelle wolf you know if you want an
abortion go get it it's a bargain for
the other dollars so that is not funny
and I promise you it will not make a
billion dollars like Mel Gibson's
Passion of the Christ or however much
Gerard what's his last name made on 300
but that's not the point
Netflix Hollywood the Harvey Weinstein's
of the world have made a decision that
they are going to stick it to Trump the
same way as they decided they were going
to stick it to George W Bush there was
his brief moment of about 15 minutes
when all of America was patriotic
standing by America that lasted about 15
minutes and then Hollywood decided they
were not going to just do thoughtful
nuanced movies about the war they were
gonna have ham-fisted anti-war
propaganda and that's what we got so
I've just spent half of my show talking
about a little clip with Michelle wolf
the unfunny comedian trying to explain
the phenomenon of unfunny comedians
because it's not about the comedy it's
about the politics
I see couple super Chad's still free and
Vermont says well no comment but five
bucks thank you very much
Tom young John says I'm told that women
comedians aren't funny too or false you
know I'm gonna say false because you
can't just say fifty percent of the
world isn't funny because we know that's
not true
let me talk about two very liberal
comedian Sarah Silverman and Amy Schumer
their early work was so funny it was
devastating
can you call up some early Sarah
Silverman she makes a Jewish joke about
Maude's tell you the joke but I'd love
it if you could call it up so I was
raped by I was raped but he was a doctor
so mix blessing or something like an
outrageous abominable joke it's a Jewish
joke but I'm Jewish so you know she told
that Joe that's it would you agree with
me that's an outrageously dirty joke but
the way she told it and again that's the
self-deprecating Jewish humor right
she's she's Holocaust jokes and the fact
that she would and she had anti black
jokes and anti Chinese she's not anti
black she's not anti Chinese she just
said these jokes and in in a manner that
was snorting ly funny and I don't and
were they racist I think they were were
they funny absolutely did black and
Asian people laugh along with it some
did some didn't were they funny to
answer your question they were bloody
funny and Amy Schumer in her early days
when she had to be funny
some funny stuff but now it's all just
sort of trumped arrangement can you call
up a name at Sarah Silverman clip just
the early stuff and she was so
transgressive and that's what I mean
the comedy comes from goring and
skewering things you're not allowed to
talk about have you ever heard the old
saying never a truer word spoken than in
jest when we joke about something when
we mock something we tell the truth as
Orwell said everything was over well
every joke is a little revolution was
that or well who said that or the other
side of that would be Ayatollah Khomeini
of Iran saying there is no humor in
Islam of course not because you can't
mock things if something is powerful and
authoritative and established by
definition you cannot mock it that is
contrary to the order of the Ummah of
the world so yeah in answer to your
question Tom women can be funny
absolutely and by the way everyone's
sense to hear me you go to a comedy club
and I haven't been in a while I wonder
if comedy clubs are even funny anymore I
mean so many trigger warnings would have
to be spoken but it it's been a while
but you go to a comedy club and you have
the same experience we all do you laugh
at a joke that the guy next she doesn't
laugh at he laughs at a joke that you
don't think is funny yeah that's because
each of us has a different sensibility
in a different aesthetic sense some
people love Howard Stern of the people
cringe you know some people like the
Jeff Foxworthy you might be a redneck if
I just think that my point about
corporate commercial comedy is so
homogenized and bowdlerized and Netflix
eyes that you're basically just getting
Democrat talking points whether it's in
comedy or whether it's an in cinema have
I proved my point to you I think I have
proved it and then flogged it to death
okay let's get back on the show let's
get back on because I did want to talk
about more than just Michelle Wolfen
forgive me
going on at some length I want to skip
ahead to the United Kingdom because I've
been following the United Kingdom more
since we put a little footprint down
there a year or so ago when Tommy
Robinson joined us and I visited there
and I follow it and the brexit I think
was the premonition of Trump's 2016
landslide so I've I have to tell you
I've cared more about the United Kingdom
in the last two years than I have in the
last 20 why would a Canadian follow UK
politics why would an American follow UK
politics well I'll give you two good
reasons right now number one is they're
trying to unhook themselves from the
swamp in Brussels Belgium which is the
head of the EU
that's a template for what Trump's
trying to do in America the nationalist
populist anti elite sentiment that's the
template and number two with open
borders migration especially of the
Islamic variety and the islamification
of the five P professionals police
politicians the press prosecutors and
professors the islamification the five P
professionals in the UK and the effect
that's had for example on our friend
Tommy Robinson what happens in the UK
today happens in Canada in five years
happens in America well at sea if
Hillary Clinton had won it would be
happening in America now with Donald
Trump maybe that fate has been kicked
down the road a little bit so yeah I'm
interested in the United Kingdom and boy
they're having an interesting time their
foreign minister Boris Johnson formerly
Mayor of London quit he quit as did
other leading Conservative MPs because
their prime minister Theresa May is not
pulling the u.k out of the European
Union that's what brexit stands for
British exit exit from the EU that vote
was held more than two years ago and yet
it has not been affected so look at this
poll we've got a poll here by you gov
and here's what's in Jeremy Corbyn he's
the leader of the hard left-wing Labour
Party it's an Islamist party
increasingly hard left wing I think it's
fair to call him a communist I don't
think he would accept that appellation
but his views really are
indistinguishable
let's say Venezuela's so he's at 27% and
who would make the best p.m. Teresa may
the incumbent that's the wobbly tepid
conservative leader it's I don't even
want to call her the conservative leader
because that's a misnomer but look at
that 36% of voters say yeah I don't know
can you believe that have you ever heard
in Canada or the United States or in the
UK before for that matter have you ever
heard none of the above literally in
first place that's what this poll says
none of the above and then throw in the
3% who refused to answer that's really
39% of Brits do not want and they're
like they won't even like they're asked
the question who do you who do you
think's gonna make best Prime Minister
Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn and despite
the prompting they say yeah man I don't
know it's not those two that is
incredible then you have Nigel Faraj
hinting that he might actually throw his
hat in the ring again if Theresa May he
doesn't hand it he said it if Theresa
Mane doesn't pull the country out of the
European Union very interesting times I
don't know if you've watched my
interviews there on YouTube but they
were also on my show I interviewed
Gerard batten speaking of Gerard's he's
the new leader than you Kip and
anne-marie water she is the leader of a
new party called for Britain so it'll be
curious to see I see you keep his edging
up in the polls again and I'll be
interesting if for Britain gets any
traction also people are clearly unhappy
wouldn't you be too if the if the Tory
party if the Conservative Party was the
party that called the brexit referendum
and then said we will negotiate brexit
and two years have gone by and they are
not out would you not be dismayed and
disillusioned as well I think he would
be let's check the time as 1237 if I
missed any super chance I think I've got
the mom Hannah will email me if I
haven't all right let's do we have an ad
let's play the ad from yesterday while I
have a sip of water
it was one of the largest manhunts in
history and she was right here what a
huge celebration for freedom would a
huge celebration for Western
civilization it would be the worst
depression in Canada since the dirty 30s
all these lies just to stir up
uninformed left it all started on
Twitter as does
nothing's ever going to happen because
the police is so terrified that this
ever getting out as we all know this
isn't the first time that Catherine
McKenna has driven her Twitter accounts
right into the ditch they will not let
us win another election with our old
tactics mean control that was under way
he trumped arrangements in drove off the
charts
you
to rebel lots of faces there and I had
Menzies into that yeah I don't know why
he wasn't in there but we got some great
talent don't we
I have you seen those videos yet by the
way every scene Martina Marquez videos
she joined us about a month or two ago
from Lucy's in London she's you can tell
she's an American from her accent but
she's in London she's got some great
thoughts to share about aesthetic
matters and beauty and nature and
culture and it's a little bit the
different beat reminds me a little bit
of Barbara Kate and Ben Davies just he's
a working actor in Hollywood and he's
conservative and Christians so he's like
a unicorn out there it's like he's the
only one and Amanda head is actually I
guess she'd be the other one calls
herself the Hollywood consumer because
we've got a good lineup here at the
rebel I hope you're watching those most
of that's on most of those folks are on
YouTube some of them have those shows
there as you can see so I'd encourage
you to consider subscribing for 8 bucks
a month
oh yeah and Katie Hopkins I mean amazing
just great
interviewed some comments because I've
been rambling for about 40 minutes
straight but I did manage to show you
two film trailers from two of my
favorite movies mmm I'm just gonna start
reading some some comments Tami Putin's
Kazan belt says Martinez segments are
fantastic I agree and I'm glad you think
so and Tami by the way I got your notes
our show from last night that was
unfortunately cut off we have re
uploaded the full version so if you want
to see the end of the show that's on
there sorry for that technical glitch
Andy Morris ed - more MPs just resigned
in the UK yeah I saw I saw a couple
names and I just not that familiar
they're not household names to me over
here in Canada but yeah it looks like a
little bit of momentum and people are
thinking well yeah do I want to be the
last one off the sinking ship Matt get
says Viktor Orban rules yeah you're
referring to Hungary's leader I need to
study him more to learn more there's a
language barrier there's not a lot of
content from Hungary out here and so
much of it is torqued and spun because
Soros of course is an gay
in his nature so there's a lot of hate
out there towards orb and it's tough to
sort through the propaganda and get to
the truth but I would like to learn more
about that john zealand the rebel
t-shirt madness Trudeau groper hey can
we put up the image of our store you
know you see that image there it's it's
a knockoff or a satire of Shepard
Fairey's hope poster for Barack Obama
you surely recognize that iconic style
well that's Justin Trudeau with both
eyebrows on groats and I got to tell you
this shirt is something we sold up
briefly this morning and I was sort of
in a panic mode but it's back on there's
gonna be a little bit of a backorder but
you'll get it later this month may I
encourage you to get your grope shirt
you want to click on the shirt itself
just to show people what the shirt looks
like in care you go I tell you you wear
that around town it is a conversation
starter and keep it up for a second it's
not like wearing a mad guy make America
great again yeah because you wear a mag
Ahad and you're just basically saying
I'm at rumpus
right and so some other Trump guys will
say hey man good on you and then every
anti Trump hater and there's a lot of
them especially in Canada trumped
arrangements in them they're gonna come
up and see and probably throw some at
you but you wear this shirt grope and
what's gonna happen you're not saying
you're a trumpet or whatever you're just
mocking Trudeau so I don't know I don't
think you're going to get the same
negative reaction because our people
what are they defending his groping and
you're not even saying you're a right
winger you're just saying oh yeah we got
a groper as a product I think this is a
different thing I think first of all you
got to have a lot of conversations
second of all is funny Maggie is not
funny Maggie's just saying I'm fine the
Trump's like by the way you should do it
but this is not just flying a flag this
is a joke and it's it's a substantive
conversation starter
you wear the Trump hat and all you're
saying is here's Who I am
come and fight me you where the grope
shirt and by the way that's our as you
can see that's our URL grope shirt
dot-com just in case you're wondering
where to get one grope shirt com
you're saying I want to talk about this
issue and I'm not sweeping under the rug
and seriously if someone comes up to
your hey man you shouldn't wear those
shirt man
why are you covering up for Chester the
molester why are you covering up for the
Harvey Weinstein of Canada why so if
they come up to you and say why you're
wearing that automatically they are on
the backfoot because they're defending a
molester and so I think it's I think
it's gonna be a much more positive
street experience they've got a lot of
shirts that the missus does not like me
to wear out and about she says why you
always looking to cause a reaction I got
a ton of shirts with messages on them
the mag a hat I got one of those I got
to make Ontario great again hat also I
like that one I wear that one around and
you know I went over there's kids party
and there was a bunch of the dads in the
garage hanging out and I went in and I
knew some of the more liberal and that's
okay and I wore my make Ontario grade
Moga hat and then I started saying well
come on don't you want to make Ontario
great I mean come on come on make
Ontario great you weren't getting that
so I really had a good time talking to
these dads encouraging them to put their
shoulder the wheel to make Ontario
gradients so I had a good experience
there I wore my free Tommy Robinson hat
to one of the kids baseball games and
the missus would say why are you wearing
that why always that and I said to her
you wear a feed Tommy Robinson hat the
only people who know what that means
least in Canada and America are Tommy
Robinson's supporters now you know
you're in Luton UK or some parts of the
UK you're gonna have some anti foot
types and you're gonna have some Ally
Dawa Islamist types he'll know what that
means so I don't know how we go over in
the
okay but in Canada or in Israel where we
were with Katie and we had that Tommy
Robinson chant you wear a free Tommy
Robinson hat 95 percent of people you
can say whose time around so what's that
all about so at the very most they're
gonna say who's that and you can tell
the story if you like but if you're
wearing a free timer I'm set and if
someone knows they're an ally am i right
so I really enjoyed wearing my free
Tommy Robinson hat to the kids baseball
game and I got some other shirts too I
won't go into that now but my point is I
think you're going to get some good
conversations on the street from the
group shirt in fact I mean obviously I'm
going to get a group shirt I think we
should do an experiment you know that
iconic video of that gal who you know a
shapely attractive young lass who walked
through New York behind someone who had
a little GoPro and they sort of videoed
all the construction workers say hey
baby
looking good remember that give you want
to call up the video the b-roll of that
people will recognize it so there was
this attractive young woman who walked
through New York for eight hours filming
hundreds of cat calls and she compressed
this and it was put as some sort of
proof of how sexist New York was I
watched it and my first reaction was boy
I would feel great if 100 people on the
street told me I looked good like if
they weren't sexual they weren't like
they weren't aggressive so they women
they were like little come on someone
know I remember this girl yeah I mean
some people were saying smile but look
what's up beautiful have a good day hey
what's up girl how you doing somebody's
acknowledging you for being beautiful
you should say thank you more for I mean
so god bless you mommy I mean dang I
mean I'm sure if some if I were to walk
through a city and people were to say
hey handsome
I would assume they're not talking to me
they'd say hey like if someone said damn
I said why is this isn't like it's an
expenditure my teeth
there's someone called me sexy on the
street hello good morning so you see my
point that this was an attempt at
showing how tough it is to be a woman in
New York I gotta say this would make me
feel great this guy walking next to her
for four minutes
I wouldn't like so much and by the way
there's a bit of an ethnic overlay here
different cultures have a different
approach to this young woman but if
somebody people just said how you doing
all day to me I would I would summer
sash stuff Houston though sir that's not
bad okay now for enough enough my point
is I'd like that experience
it was that rough I mean maybe it's
hired of it get tired of being
good-looking get tired of people saying
how good-looking you are I'm guessing
when you're 70 years old you're gonna
look back a man said I used to make all
the boys heads turn or in my case I used
to make all the ice cream trucks veer
over and say there's a customer those
are the days that's the only reaction I
get on the street is all the food carts
hey best customer hey come here and of
course the buffets say no no no we're
closed we're closed
that's the only reaction I get I walk
down the street man happen and the food
cart guys they see what they call a
whale there's a whale reel it in reel it
in there's $100 an hour hot dog Stan
that's the reaction I get on the street
back to the subject we had and we're
almost all the time you wear that grope
shirt you're going to get some great
reactions Hannah I think we should send
some people out on the streets of
Toronto wearing that grope shirt with
sort of a hidden camera to see what they
get or maybe it's just plain old
interviews because I bet they're going
to be interesting conversations so let's
let's think about doing that I picked
your men's he's doing it and I picture
sort of a undercover II thing let's see
what happens let's see what
let's get for the real Vox Populi this
is an idea we're almost at a time I'm
going to read some more comments here
BIM Jim says she is massively hot
Kendra Oppenheim such as when you do not
want that if you're a blonde girl
getting hit on my blacks all the time
well people of all races weren't calling
out to her and I didn't hear I mean that
one guy who walked next to her
performance that would creep me out but
saying you look great how you doing
you're beautiful I'm sorry I'm I just
disagree I don't think that's a bad
thing
slant he's too ethnically Jewish to be
sexy I don't know even talking about me
Petra Heinrichs Ezra you're hot like Tom
Cruise yeah like the Tom Cruise in
what's that movie where they the Thunder
you know that movie Tropic Thunder
YouTube Tom Cruise Tropic Thunder I
think that's the Tom Cruise you're
talking about the dance scene Tropic
Thunder Tom Cruise dance scene so yeah
Petra I am hot like Tom Cruise in the
movie Tropic Thunder in the dance scene
and I'm just going to wait for that
video because no pressure on the
producers that is a bizarre movie it's
very funny and here's Tom Cruise
and the Oscar goes to
yes
okay stop the video
it's Tom Cruise dancing folks I'm gonna
google it for you okay put it up Tom
Cruise
I don't have enough hair on my chest I
don't think I have enough hair on my
chest to compete with that
Jewish Tom Cruise character all right
well it's 1252 I want to get back to
serious things another one being so
silly let's just look a little bit at
some more comments
John Vaught is a Trump fan yeah he's
always been right-wing hasn't he
that's Angelina Jolie's dad Tom young
John Tropic Thunder funniest movie ever
seen it four times it is a very funny
movie it's not just a funny movie but
there's little movies within the movie
the opening trailers to the movie are
extremely funny
including the rapper who who has his
energy drink I see some super chests
same thing one says p.m. Nigel love that
rebel bumper stickers coming okay
there's a few things there
Prime Minister Nigel Faraj well I wish I
wish I think he's more sort of
threatening things threatening to come
back hoping that Theresa May does the
right thing but maybe he really will
come back and when you've got the number
one contender being none of the above
maybe that's a nigel Faraj situation
Thomas Jeffries is not a manga a Bill
Clinton rape shirt laugh out loud you
know it's funny there's some very
thoughtful Sly American shirts I've seen
the Bill Clinton rape assure you
referring to Hillary for prison like
there's you know the Hillary for
president there's a lot of shirts I've
seen Hillary for prison and you have to
look carefully you see it as prison
those are pretty sly also I've seen a
lot of those charm young John where a
Maggie had get physically attacked
unfortunately that is the case I've seen
that happen even in Canada we've seen
that happen it's so 54 but I think we do
have time just to play I said I'm gonna
skip our immigration segment maybe we'll
do that tomorrow
but I want to show you one that I want
to end I mean just very kibbutz see
today talking about movies and and
accents and that would you agree with me
that that Gilbert Gottfried's sketch was
one of the funniest things you've heard
today I mean when he says the word
vagina I'm sorry to say that word I
don't use that word a lot of something
wrong with the word I just don't mean to
say it when Gilbert Godfrey says the
phrase my vagina in this voice that's
probably the funniest thing you're gonna
hear all week that's comedy my friends
but let me show you some comedy in real
life because sometimes things are too
on-the-nose you know and I mean like
that
I mean you send a pitch to Hollywood
speaking oh you sent a pitch and it's
just too perfect and an agent you know
someone who's looking through scripts is
gonna say no that's just to pat it just
wouldn't be that way that's just too
obvious you got to be more subtle no
one's gonna buy it and then you see a
headline like this the Toronto Snickle
chief medical officer calls for drew
criminalization of all drugs man the
original draft was chief medical officer
cultural decriminalization of all drugs
man and then they changed that for
personal use so um are you like that's
just - that's just - perfect let me read
the first line chronic
Toronto's medical officer of health is
pushing for the decriminalization of all
drugs all drugs man for personal use as
part of a shift to a public health
approach to overdose prevention in the
midst of a deadly and worse the great so
you're trying to get to overdose
prevention so you want to legalize all
drugs in the midst of a deadly epidemic
because because man let me read some
more doctor they should put doctor in
scare quotes dr. Eileen Davila
let me guess let me guess University of
port-au-prince Haiti I'm just guessing
I shouldn't be mean there are some real
doctors in Haiti is urging the city's
Board of Health to call on the federal
government to decriminalize possession
of drugs from personal use while scaling
up prevention harm reduction and
treatment so you want to prevent it but
you don't want to prevent it ma'am she's
also recommending Ottawa convene a task
force that's always a good idea made up
of people who use drugs yeah I'm
guessing I'm guessing that's not a good
idea dude you should tell I got all my
friends and like we get high and we sort
of are a task force and we thought we
should get a task force of people who
use drugs man yeah yeah man I just don't
think this is a good idea this is not
the onion this is the largest newspaper
in Canada just want to show one more
detail here the author of this article
the journalist her name is Emily Mattia
and her title at the Toronto Star is
affordable housing reporter the absolute
state of Canada in 2018 if you are a
chief medical officer and you are
calling for the legalization of all
drugs cocaine heroin there is an
epidemic of opioids I don't exactly know
what those are a lot of them are sort of
pain drugs and stuff oxy codeine things
like that
thank God I don't have any close
connections to that horrific epidemic
but we are in that epidemic it's big in
the states it's big in Canada too you're
in the middle of a drug epidemic that is
killing people and your best advice is
home on just more drugs man just make
them not illegal man and then you see
we've got this task force of drug users
I I think that's a bit of false
advertising if you call yourself a chief
medical officer I'm just gonna go out on
a limb there
say say it's sort of opposite of every
single thing you said I think that your
best medical advice is what you said and
then in the word not after it and can
you google how much that chief medical
officer she's probably not under the
sunshine list because she works for the
city
I bet she's o'clock in the quarter mil a
year I don't think you can find out in
the sunshine list unless there's a civic
one
I bet she's getting a quarter million a
year to give this kind of quality advice
legalize all drugs mine and put together
a task force if you're high are you
really up should it really be called a
task force if you're high are you really
likely to complete a task if you're on
drugs other than like having lots of
munchies and stuff oh I see a super chat
Keith McIntosh you're shipping options
for the t-shirts seventeen dollars
that's crazy weight cheaper ways to ship
a teacher thank you for being as my
attention we have adjusted our shipping
options once already it sounds like
they're still out of whack and I'm gonna
bring that to the attention of our we've
been wrestling with them on the shipping
price all day and we've lowered it and
I'm gonna try and get that fixed now are
you in Mexico because I see you're
chipping in and Mexican pesos if you're
in Mexico and it's a seventeen dollar
shipping charge that might explain it
but yeah you're right that is bloody
expensive anything and I'll talk to her
store about that but I tell you hundreds
of people have bought that grope shirt
and I want to do that experiment on the
street and I maybe we should hire a
beautiful girl to walk through the
streets of Toronto with a group shirt on
and maybe we should hire an opposite
looking person like maybe even myself or
Menzies let's do that
that's our show for today it was a
little bit silly but I enjoyed it and I
didn't get through all the substantive
stuff you wanted to substantive TV tuned
into my show at 8 p.m. tonight where
we're going to talk about the Supreme
Court of the United States and the
Supreme Court of Canada my friends were
done until tonight on behalf of all of
us here at rebel world headquarters to
you at home goodbye and keep fighting
for freedom
you
