so I just stumbled across a video of a
16 year old boy being assaulted and
stolen from by a grown man in a
Whataburger for wearing a mag ahac check
it out so how did the party of the
people become so uncivil why did this
video go viral and why actions like this
one are happening more and more I'm Ben
Davies this is pure Hollywood
I guess when your party resorts to
changing it's only means of rallying new
voters from hey let's just all live free
and get along too
we are all self righteous angels and
literally everyone else our evil Nazis
or Hitler some of your party members
actually start to believe that and act
accordingly hunter Richards of the 16
year old kid who was attacked while
sitting and eating with his friends at
the Whataburger the man allegedly pulled
his hair while ripping off the cap and
even after all of that Hunter still kept
his cool in the police report and said
quote I just consider a conversation
about politics is more productive that
seems pretty reasonable but why did this
video go viral isn't because this kind
of thing is so rare no of course not
but one reason I think this video we did
pop up and go viral issue that shows a
underage kid mining his own business who
is then attacked by a grown mentally
stable working-class man in public which
should show this is not some anecdotal
outlier when people are so emboldened on
the left they're willing to do something
like this in public for literally no
reason one reason why people may be so
emboldened on the left is because
instances like this are so rarely
covered in mainstream media have you
heard the black Trump supporter who was
attacked at a Cheesecake Factory or the
San Jose Rally assault where the guy was
completely blindsided for just walking
down the street well maybe not because
the video is so hard to find the only
video I could find is still in a Twitter
feed or the Trump supporter that was
attacked by two women at a DC restaurant
or the Costa Mesa rally event or the
beating of an elderly white man who was
attacked by five black men and a black
woman when he was dragged out of his car
onto the street and mercilessly beaten
because in the video they said he voted
for Trump
and here's some things that show the
unbelievable bias not just not covering
in the news but also actively trying to
cover it up and removing so many of
these videos on YouTube this last video
of the elderly man being beaten in
Chicago was covered by Snopes who's
supposed to be showing us the truth in
this case they said the story is kind of
true because the police say that it
started with a traffic incident my guess
they didn't watch the video or listen to
what any of the attackers were actually
saying so thank you snow pure absolute
cancer so here's a few things to think
about one the left will always say this
happens on both sides the red is equally
responsible but tell me this how many
Obama rallies were shut down due to
violence oh wait how many Hillary
supporters were attacked for wearing a
Hillary t-shirt in the streets or in a
public restaurant none really because
that probably national news right and I
mean wall-to-wall coverage but then
we've seen videos at free speech rallies
of people fighting on both sides yeah
you have let me ask you this which group
shows up to the other groups rallies to
shut it down do you ever see
conservatives attacking open border
rallies across the country ah no imagine
my shock so I guess it's these left wing
lunatics that are going there purposely
to shutdown and incite violence and to
Hunter Richards the 16 year old kid that
was attacked at the water burger really
came about this the right way he acted
civil and let the authorities do their
job thank goodness this video finally
hit the mainstream and is going viral
because the best disinfectant is
sunlight and finally some light is shown
on one of these videos and he's totally
right we do need a conversation this is
what we need more of and here's a few
things I think may help a little bit
maybe the left-wing media should stop
sweeping under the rug its own bases
problem maybe a Democratic leader should
not encourage the harassment of public
officials and lastly maybe the people
the left should understand that we live
in a world that gives you the right to
say whatever you want but you can't hit
me in the face one because that is
illegal and two because this amazing
country also gives the right of
self-preservation so be careful whose
hat you rip off
I've been Davies this is pure Hollywood
in awesome news like super awesome news
you can now download the rebel media app
and take me with you and have access to
the entire rebel lineup
you
