we've got a verdict in the water park
Syrian refugee sexual assault trial I'm
in Edmonton at the law courts unpacking
the judge's decision for you
not guilty on all 12 charges that's the
judge's decision today for Suliman hajj
suleman a Syrian refugee and father of
six who came to the country December
he stood accused of six counts of sexual
assaults and another six counts of
sexual interference now the charges are
all stemming from just one night at West
Edmonton Mall 'he's world waterpark
February 4th
2017 six girls between the ages of 13 to
15 accused hajj suleman of sexually
touching them in the wave pool court
heard two full weeks of testimony
beginning in january the trial was drawn
out because the accused despite being in
the country for over two years still
requires full word-for-word Arabic to
English translation now let's talk a
little bit about what happened in the
courtroom today in room 266 between 40
and 50 bikers showed up once again to
support the six minor victims urban
Bulldogs against kid abuse and guardians
of the children filled the courtroom
they lined the walls at the back of the
courtroom and then they waited in the
lobby adjacent to the courtroom and then
in the hallway they spilled all the way
out into the hallway Fletcher the
therapy dog made another appearance to
now both the defense and the crown
agreed that indeed an assault happened
to the girls that night at the water
park the issue before the judge was
simply identification the judge said
that she could not be sure beyond a
reasonable doubt that hajj suleman was
the man who molested the girls at the
water park the judge said there was no
confirmatory evidence that the person
pointed out by the girls was the person
responsible for the malla stations the
judge also said there was no evidence
that the person followed by mall
security and lifeguards from the pool
was the person responsible for the malla
stations and the judge listed several
instances where she was concerned that
there was some sort of
cross-contamination of the witness
evidence caused by the girls talking to
each other on the night of the malla
stations and in the days leading up to
and including during the trial the judge
also expressed concern that no photo
lineup was done during the police
interviews with the girls police said at
the time during trial ID was not an
issue but today in the courtroom it was
the only issue the judge said this
suggested an air of complacency that has
no place in a criminal investigation the
judge also said that there was no
physical evidence linking the accused to
the crime police did not find the
goggles the girls described the man as
wearing or having with him that night
and police did not try to look for those
goggles until a few days after the
initial complaints from the girls the
judge also cited the fact that hajj
suleman is from a different cultural
background from the six complainants as
a reason to call into question their
identifications of him the judge
explained that it can be difficult for
people to discriminate features when the
accused is in a cultural group all
possessing the same features and be in a
cultural group different from the
witnesses the judge also questioned the
girls IDs from the witness stand
explaining that few people in the
courtroom were of a different cultural
background just the accused and his
Arabic interpreter and that have may
have tainted their identifications of
him before the judge the judge said it
would be an injustice to convict hajj
suleman
but the judge does believe that
something did happen to the girls that
day but she cannot be convinced that it
was the accused who committed those
crimes against them as the verdict was
being read the families of the girls
left the courtroom in tears now as i
rushed off to file my story i stopped
and talked to a few of the bikers who
showed up to support the girls not many
of them wanted to come on camera with me
but they did say that they understand
why the judge made her decision but they
feel terribly for the girls who were
denied justice in the courtroom today
for the rebel media
I'm Sheila Gunn Reed
to see all of my prior reports from here
at the Edmonton law courts on the Syrian
refugee sexual assault trial go to the
rebel dot media
