the government is meeting in checkers
today to discuss the future of brexit
and if it goes badly the government
could collapse so as I'm recording this
right now the government and all the
cabinet ministers are in checkers in the
country retreat of the Prime Minister
and they're discussing their plans to
finalize the details of leaving the
European Union and phones have been
seized and everything's a serious stuff
politicians are basically being held up
at the country retreat to ensure that
they can finally come to a deal and Sky
News has reported on this saying
ministers will have their phones removed
on arrival at Chequers in
Buckinghamshire and talks will continue
into the night with the PM warning that
they have a duty to agree the shape of
our future relationship with the EU on
Thursday night leading brexit ears held
their own private meeting to more over a
hundred page document that proposes the
government's position the plan could see
the UK remain closely aligned to rules
set by Brussels on agriculture and food
potentially making it much harder to
strike a post brexit trade deal with the
US although Downing Street insisted it
was categorically untrue the plans would
make a trade deal with the u.s.
impossible now one of the funniest
things I've read about this debacle is
that a senior government source has told
the press the cabinet ministers who
resign
during this checkers meeting because
this is a big deal I mean this is where
it's going to get really heated because
people are going to be seriously
disagreeing on the future breaks it here
but any cabinet ministers who resign
will be stripped of their government
cars and basically abandoned in mid
Buckinghamshire I could just imagine
Boris Johnson throwing in the towel and
walking home from checkers but the BBC
are offering resigning ministers and
left home and why wouldn't they imagine
the story but all of this comes after
reports earlier this week I remember
reading that the government could
collapse on Friday the government could
collapse today a senior Tory MP told The
Daily Express a few days ago quote we
could find the government collapses on
Friday night if she crosses the brexit
red lines and it looks like she's going
to then the brexit is
withdraw the support for her and Boris
David Davis and other brexit ministers
will walk away I mean this is a mess
isn't it I bet the Labour Party
genuinely is actually glad they didn't
win the last election because nobody
would want to have to make these
decisions
nobody would ever want to be the brakes
it Prime Minister this is a nightmare
situation I mean there are things that
could have been done to make the whole
thing simpler walking away being one of
them but this whole process was never
going to be simple especially when
you've got a parliament and a well you
got a House of Commons and a House of
Lords filled with parliamentarians who
despise break it and want to reverse it
every opportunity but the Labour Party's
doing the best job of pretending that
they could do it better and they sent
the Tory cabinet ministers a cabinet
survival kit and saw this on Twitter
only I have a look at this in it they
get pajamas I can for kicking down the
road breaks it fudge a stopwatch that's
counting down the days until actual
breaks it day and a Boris Johnson
special edition of Deal or No Deal it's
quite a good little package actually if
I was going to check as I probably
actually take it with me the pajamas
look pretty nice but what does all this
mean what does all this mean I mean
labour thinks it's easy it's not labour
still doesn't have a clear message or at
least a unanimous message across the
board for the party on breaks it so
they're making out that this is all just
being handled badly by the Conservatives
and yeah it is I don't think the Labour
Party would handle it much better but
why exactly is this so tough the prime
minister said the cabinet meets at
checkers to agree the shape of our
future relationship with the European
Union in doing so we have a great
opportunity and a duty to set an
ambitious course to enhance our
prosperity and security outside the EU
and to build a country that genuinely
works for everyone we want a deal that
allows us to deliver the benefits of
breaks it taking control of our borders
laws and money by signing ambitious new
trade deals with countries like the u.s.
Australia and New Zealand which is
interesting because actually recent
reports have showed that the Prime
Minister's favoured option for brexit
which is basically breaks it light soft
brexit which sounds like a breakfast
cereal basically her favourite option
would make trade deals with America
almost completely impossible so this
situation certainly isn't
we know that the tensions are going to
be high in checkers right now and it's
probably going to go on late hence why
the Labour Party's giving them all
pajamas this is going to be a late night
thing and really today I've said
recently that the vote in Parliament
could decide the future of brexit and
that's true but this this right here
decides exactly what breaks it is so as
the government bickers in checkers today
the future of brexit is once again at
stake and it's not just brexit by the
way it's the future of our entire
country if Theresa May tries to force
through a soft brexit which is what she
appears to be doing then she faces two
problems first off Greg's it is like
Boris Johnson David Davis Liam Fox they
might just resign walk away and
potentially cause a government collapse
but then the other problem is we risk
upsetting Trump we risk upsetting one of
our closest if not the closest ally of
the United Kingdom the United States and
put spanner in the works for future
trade deals with America reports have
shown that if she goes down this breaks
it light deal which keeps us closely
aligned with trading and and
requirements of the European Union it
might make making deals with America
almost completely impossible and that's
not going to keep Trump happy during his
visit this is an essential time and at
this point we need to maintain our
strong relationship with America it's a
key part a breaks it and we need to
continue by the way or at least start
showing the European Union who's boss
after today's meeting in checkers we're
going to know whether Teresa May is
betraying us or not if you want to see
more from me and the rest of the rebel
team remember to Like and subscribe
you
