well you know folks every time I come
back to Jerusalem what I love to see is
the constant evolution of this city to
the right of me a new LRT system went in
recently and right behind me you see
five giant cranes putting up what's
going to be an enormous retail office
and condo complex it's a few years in
the making but that's the thing isn't it
is this not really the heavy lifting of
city building and even of nation
building and that is actually building
stuff not blowing up stuff I mean any
thug with a basic knowledge in chemistry
can come up with a ie D or some other
kind of explosive device to create
terror and to destroy magnificent
buildings like this the really hard part
is building it up and in Jerusalem it's
being built up like never before
and I'm so happy to see that for the
rebel dot media I'm David the men's I'd
Menzies say folks some of your favorite
rebels are in Israel and we're turning
out reports on a daily basis please go
to rebel Israel calm to get the latest
from the Holy Land
you
