when it comes to so-called physical
literacy it turns out that a huge
percentage of Canadian children surveyed
don't know how to ride a bicycle or even
to throw a ball and what's more they
don't want to know either
remember this slice of Canadiana from
the early 70s which urged Canucks to get
off their collective fat arses and
actually break a sweat
these men are that evenly matched that's
because the average 30 year old Canadian
isn't about the same physical shape as
the average 60 year old Swede Robin walk
cycle let's get Canada moving again this
message is brought to you by the CFL CTV
and its sponsors for participation well
looks like we better start running that
at again and heavy rotation no pun
intended
you see Global News reports that a new
study involving more than 10,000
children aged 8 to 12 across Canada
found that only 1/3 yes just 33 percent
of kids meet what is thought to be a
basic level of physical literacy
translation most Canadian kids in that
age bracket lack the necessary skills to
accomplish that which is known as
throwing a ball or riding a bicycle the
study led by researchers at the
Children's Hospital of Eastern Ontario
also found that kids perform below
expectations in aerobic tests and they
don't get enough physical activity
either and perhaps worst of all they
have zero point zero desire to get
physical another activity that seems to
be on the endangered species list is
so-called unstructured play this is a
fancy term for what many of us did as
kids which is to leave the house knock
on doors and say to friends hey you want
to come out and play more often than not
the result was a makeshift baseball or
soccer game now the global news report
didn't get into the reasons why
physicality and kids has plummeted but I
think we all know the reasons first
there's just too much tech
why take part in a game of road hockey
when NHL 2019 is so awesome on the Xbox
secondly why bother learning how to ride
a bike when helicopter parents are so
insistent to taxi kids from curb to curb
it is the same parents who seemed to be
obsessive when it comes to fearing for
the worst what if little Joey or Jamie
falls and scrapes their knee while
playing tag what if a predator is hiding
behind the hedge waiting to pounce even
that bastion of impromptu exercise the
schoolyard at recess time well that's
been affected as well
fearing lawsuits numerous schools have
banned activities ranging from touch
football to merely running some schools
have adopted the prison model of
exercise in which students are
instructed to simply walk and talk
Oh fun but if parents and principals
think they're doing kids a favor by
smothering them in an excess of bubble
wrap they're missing the big picture for
a sedentary lifestyle comes with a very
big price tag dr. mark Tremblay director
of healthy active living and obesity
research at the CHEO Research Institute
told global that a non active lifestyle
will likely result in premature
morbidity and mortality he notes that a
statistics Canada study concluded that
from 2007 to 2009 children were taller
heavier fatter and weaker than the
children of 1981 indeed it says though
that dystopian future depicted in the
Disney film wall-e
is actually coming to fruition
over to the driving range and get a new
bird to a ball space well then what do
you want to do is this what lays ahead
for us as the species blobs of humanity
hovering around indoors as we decide
which virtual sport to partaken bottom
line time to throw a little caution to
the wind here time for helicopter
parents to allow kids to be kids again
time to disconnect the PlayStation and
get jr. to embrace play classic I know
what a concept for the rebel dot media
I'm David the men's Lloyd Menzies hey
folks the rebel has a new app please
download that app and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
