Oh
you
oh hi there it's July 6th I'm Angela
Vance and you're watching battleground
welcome back it is great to be here you
know I was in Israel for the past 10
days we tried to do battle ground from
over there but it just didn't work
I either the internet connection in the
hotels was too spotty and kept buffering
or I was just my schedule couldn't
permit it even though we're seven hours
later over there sometimes we were given
or two until nearly midnight anyway so
it's so good to be back
you know what the super chat is it's a
way for us to have a live conversation
we do it every day every weekday for one
now we're gonna get back into that
schedule again and the super chat part
of it is you can make a comment as you
can see just to the right of the screen
that's a regular chat comment but if you
make it super it's highlighted for
example we had a couple already I let it
just already we got team thing one who
chipped in 2 dollars and 79 cents thank
you very much the way that doe we again
I think 70% of it so it helps pay the
bills thank you for that same thing one
says your take on Harper at freer an
white house I will give you my take on
that in a moment
Luke Wardner chipped in three pounds 99
pence that's great thanks very much
we're Tony Nagy actually says misty has
for show up well now people saying I
missed you it's an extremely rare thing
for me to hear so thank you for saying
that Danny Chen hi Azure well hello sea
forever didn't how do you do there
people it's a beautiful afternoon here
in the UK you know what on our Israel
trip we had six on-air personality from
the rebel myself David of Menzies and
tanveer Ahmed Katie Hopkins Sheila Gunn
reads Amanda head and myself I think
that's six and we had a couple cameraman
and another staff from rebel and we had
more than 50 guests along with us and I
was amazed how many were from the United
Kingdom Australia South Africa we had
one fella come in from the Czech
Republic one person from Denmark a lot
of Americans and Canadians too but it
was a global thing I would not have
expected that but that's the global
reach of the rebel and you know what it
was it was fun to see the commonality we
had amongst people
Tommy Rob
sudden being one it was very interesting
to me how much people all around the
Anglo sphere cared about that issue and
in fact when we were over there we had
news about Tommy they canceled his
appeal date scheduled for July 10th I
should tell you it has been rescheduled
to July 24th so a two-week delay which
is outrageous in my mind what is the
Crown Prosecution Service of are they
gonna learn something or find out
something or discover the law in some
way between July 10th and July 24th that
they couldn't do in time for July 10th
what a bunch of baloney there but that's
that's the latest on Tommy's appeal so
that was one of the subject we talked
about obviously we were in Israel so we
talked about Israel things to tame thing
to your question on Stephen Harper going
to a free round conference I know there
were other leaders from around the West
there I think Rudy Giuliani was at that
same conference a lot of people who
believe in democracy so I'm going to
right wing your left-wing thing who
amongst us could not support democracy
in Iran who amongst us would not believe
that that's superior to the theocracy
there runs that place now I mean the
only good point is it's a shame that our
Trudeau liberals they weren't there I
don't know who is that the conference
enough I don't know either that Rudy
Julianne is a fairly senior Trump person
so I would say that he was there in some
ways as a surrogate for Donald Trump but
where was Canada I mean it's great that
our ex Prime Minister was there but
where's the current regime in Canada
Luke warden if you have a question free
oh there's your question Justin Trudeau
was the worst Prime Minister ever well
he's certainly on that top 10 list
that's for sure I mean I might be too
early to judge he's only two and a bit
years into his term but what's been
blowing I'll have my evening show today
all about grope gate hands emic groper
so just his explanations don't they're
not internally consistent ie he's lying
Tom young John says god bless your world
Tom that's very nice you to say
appreciate that all right so I've read
some of the super chats it's good to be
back let me tell you what I want to
cover I want to cover a little bit from
Israel and I can you tell me what clips
we have from Israel do we have anything
on standby
I want to show you one of the things we
saw right at the beginning of the trip
to Israel we were invited to a
graduation ceremony for the Israel Air
Force which sounds pretty cool and I
knew that we're going to have an airshow
there that's pretty cool because Israel
has some pretty serious hardware here in
Canada we make our pilots fly jets that
are older than the pilots themselves and
we don't treat our pilots with respect
whereas in Israel pilots are really at
the top of the social status ladder
they're the elites of the Armed Forces
and everyone knows that Israel needs air
superiority because without it they'd be
doomed so I knew we were in for some
great air
hardware but I was touched by what I saw
I don't remember exactly what I said the
moment because it's been over a week but
here's a little clip I did from Israel
on the very subject take a look we were
the only tourists in the group everyone
else was a family member or a personal
friend of a pilot who had graduated from
this most elite part of the Israel
Defense Forces and then it struck me how
amazing it was that we were able to come
to such a personal event and yes the
demonstration of the hardware was
amazing it was sort of neat because as
there was march as they showed on the
big screen hey I don't know if it was
from a satellite or from a drone images
from space of the same thing in real
time it was it was tremendous but what
struck me besides the sheer Thunder of
it and and the investment in it was the
moral investment that Israel banks in
its armed forces and that was a point
that Netanyahu made is that these are
the absolute best people in the country
and the country proves it with they're
paying for the best equipment but also
giving them all the moral support these
are the people at the highest heights
the top of the social pyramid it was
pretty amazing we were the only people
there who were not in the military or
family members of the pilots who were
being sworn in I have no idea how we got
those tickets but our whole team of
about 60 people got in I still don't
know how we managed that Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu was there so was the
president of Israel it's a more
ceremonial figure it would be like our
governor-general here or the Queen of
England the Defence Minister Avigdor
Lieberman was there they all gave
speeches but then they didn't skedaddle
they stayed for the entire event and
they met the families I mean in Canada
Trudeau would never attend such a
warrant like events and if he did he
would give a banal speech and scoot here
all the fancy-pants stuck around to the
very end I don't know if you saw that
jet that was we were showing when I was
talking there showed a number of jets
but the one in the sky the gray one not
the big aircraft that was dropping yeah
there's a lot of aircraft we saw up with
that that one there yeah that one there
that's the f-35 and you can see in that
fly over there the missiles and the bomb
Bay's of the f-35 are concealed until
it's time for action and then they open
up and the missiles are shot so it's
very stealthy on let's say an f15 or an
f-16 which have been the backbone of the
israeli air force for twenty-five years
really 30 years the missiles are just
out and about and that creates a radar
signature so on the f-35 they're
internal that f-35 was awesome they had
an f15 dogfight at this airshow but then
the f-35 took this guys and it was
amazing and and I thought you know
they're gonna need it if they're
fighting against Iran who knows what
they're fighting against Syria they're
gonna need the absolute top of the line
jet in the world just like when Israel
first deployed the f-15 and 16 over the
bakov ally in the early 80s and had a
kill ratio of like 80 to zero or
something taking out the MiG's that's it
again it was quite sudden listen I know
you've seen the f-35 before but let me
tell you sitting right under it as it
just roared around was unbelievable and
we had just seen the f-15s dogfight and
that was mighty powerful but then they
see this FFF 35 all right sorry I'm
rambling about f-35 but I think that not
only does Israel truly need it but I
think America wants Israel to have it
because this is where America's military
hardware gets its real-life fire
training against its most likely
opponents aircraft from Iran from Syria
Russian aircraft maybe even Chinese
aircraft and that's how the flaws or the
fixer the points on the f-35 will be
ironed out in bloody battle against Iran
it was terrifying and amazing to see at
the same time see you now the super chat
from Luke Wardner cannon should keep the
monarchy not a republic I agree with you
on that
Kent Manning chipped in 279 thank you
for that anyway so that that's enough of
actually I'll just show you one more
clip and this is from it was it was a
10-day trip it was sort of touristy we
did a couple tourist things we went to
the Dead Sea we visited just for a few
minutes we didn't go inside the US
Embassy in Jerusalem which was sort of
neat we visited it on the 4th of July
Independence Day there was a lot of
Americans in our group and we had a
spontaneous singing of the American
anthem is pretty fun but we did a lot of
things that no tourists would do or want
to do or normally do we went to some
dangerous places including there's a
town called Sturridge about 25,000
people it's right next to Gaza a
kilometer away and so Gaza the
terrorists there lob rockets into stare
on all the time on purpose they don't
shoot at the military installations
because first of all those are hardened
and second of all the military would
fire back with overwhelming firepower so
they lob rockets into the civilian town
of starett and here's a quick clip on
that I'm here interrupt in Israel and
I'm right on the border of the Gaza
Strip and this children's play center is
unique because it's actually formed of a
series of bomb shelters the children
have got 15 seconds to get down from
whatever piece of kit or equipment
they're playing on and get themselves
into a place of safety and I wonder you
know what's it like to be a mum and know
that you've got 15 seconds to grab
everything you love the most all your
children and make sure they're safe
what's it like to be in a car and know
that you can't
and what's it like to live your life as
the target of someone else's hate it was
quite something I mean that that
playground indoor playground it was
ringed with bomb shelters because they
have 15 seconds they all have the app on
their phone give them an alert if a rock
is launched they all have the the sirens
I mean 15 seconds I mean it takes 15
seconds for me to wake up in the morning
imagine in the middle of the night 15
seconds you got to get your kids and get
them in the bomb shelter every house is
a bomb shelter every bus shelter doubles
as a bomb shelter there has to be a bomb
shelter so close that you can get to it
in 15 seconds that is what it is like
they in that children's play place they
had a rock climbing thing they had to
have the rock climbing thing not extra
high but extra wide because if you're up
too high it takes more than 15 seconds
to get down that's how much of a living
bomb shelters Tehran is because of the
Hamas terrorists it was quite something
I was thrilled to have Katie Hopkins
with us she is quite a character and
she's a lot of fans in Israel I was
amazed we we had an event for her in Tel
Aviv and about two or three days before
we advertised it and I think we have 300
RSVPs and it was jam-packed and there's
a lot of rebel fans in Israel I should
have known I mean we saw that when we
went there a year ago but it was pretty
fun and the proud boys were there I had
forgotten that there was a proud Boys
chapter in Tel Aviv but there was and
they all came with their signatures
shirts that was sort of funny it's a
funny thing anyways it was a great trip
I'm glad to be back though Israel's
first Ezra's first a regular says glad
you're back safe and well like the tan
well thank you I have some TV makeup on
so maybe that's what you're looking at
penny Hutchinson says your two
conversations with Manny were excellent
and helped me understand the situation
we were in with the u.s. thank you keep
up the good work well penny thanks very
much yet Manny is super smart and he's
got that lawyers mind he's just in fact
he's just given her on this Trudeau
groups thing we're gonna have to talk to
him if not today maybe on Monday or
Tuesday about him you know you're a
lawyer for 30 40 years as
Manny was maybe fifty years in a row and
you just think a certain way yeah harsh
language you get right into the language
you get that cross-examination way of
thinking it's not a normal way of
thinking is it it's and I wouldn't call
it nitpicky I would just say you're
super precise like a surgeon
that's Manny and he applied that
analysis to the trade issue with the
u.s. yeah and those videos have had tons
of views and I'd like to talk to Manny
about dissecting Justin Trudeau's excuse
ology on grope gates because Manny's
good at picking out the inconsistency so
I'm glad you're a superfan a Manny's I
am too off to get it back on based Amy
says Ezra uk-based Amy here please can
you help me I don't know if I can help
you base day me because I don't know
what help you need and I don't know if
I'm in position to help you you know
most of the time I'm just a journalist
we report facts we give our opinions and
occasionally we do some activism I mean
we're helping out our former employee
employee Tommy Robinson crowdfund so
that's something we're doing for him so
I don't know if we can help you but if
you want to send me some more details
you can send it to if it's a news tip
for example you can send that to tips at
the rebel dog media I don't know what
kind of help you're asking for Heidi
Thompson chips in five pounds has two
questions anything you want Tommy do you
think the demo on the 14th will go ahead
considering that Trump will be in the UK
thank you for those questions first of
all the the the first piece of news as I
mentioned just a few moments ago is
Tommy's appeal has been rescheduled for
July 24th and I've got to imagine that's
going to proceed if if the crown looks
for another delay I would be shocked and
the question is the second part your
question is will the demonstration on
July 14th go ahead considering that
Trump will be in the UK I have been in
communication with Rahim Qasim who is a
friend of Tommy's and with the
authorization of the family he is
organizing that demo on the 14th and as
recently as last night Rahim told me it
was a go so and I think here builders
otherwise you know it reads neared
Wilders if you know I'm talking about
the Dutch politician
he said he's coming in for it I'm aware
of at least one US congressman who was
coming in I understand there may be two
I understand someone's coming from
marine lepen z-- party the front
Nationale and there may also be someone
from the German party alternative for
Deutschland the AFD so it sounds like
it's getting going and as of yesterday
rahim says it's going so in fact i think
we're going to send an email out to our
british people our supporters we've got
a hundred fifty two thousand brits on
our list i encouraging them to go
because as far as i know it's a go
and yet trump trump will be an
interesting layer to that but i think
this event has been planned for a while
i think it's going to proceed so those
are the two dates july 14th the demo in
london and july 24th the court appeal
and i think i'm going to go to london
for that you know i have a law degree
myself i'm not an expert in british law
but I have been following Tommy's
contempt of court issues since last year
when he was arrested in Canterbury when
he was working for us so I obviously was
much more closely involved back then so
I know a little bit about British
contempt of court law I've studied a
little bit of it in the last month and a
half since tommy was arrested and I feel
a connection because we've been
crowdfunding for lawyers so um I want to
go because if Tommy is freed I want to
be there at that exciting moment if he
is not freed I want to understand why
and also I got to be candid I don't
trust the mainstream media to report on
that appeal hearing fairly I just don't
I've seen so much BS whether it's from
the BBC or a channel 4 or ITV or any of
the tabloids you would think the
tabloids would like Tommy because their
readers are more working-class some of
the Reaver right-wing but they all bash
Tommy I there really is not a single
mainstream media outlet in the United
Kingdom that I trust to give me the news
on Tommy there are some individual
journalists James deling pol Douglas
Murray but let's be honest they're not
they're not in mainstream publications
ones with the spectator ones with
Breitbart those are great publications I
read them both I admire them both but
I'm not talking about The Times The
Telegraph The Guardian
the BBC I do
Channel four I mean or the Daily Mail
you think the Daily Mail would be on
Tommy's side they love to kick him I
don't understand that business strategy
he is the epitome of the of the daily
mail reader in my view I don't know why
the Daily Mail is so critical of him
let me see have I missed any have I
missed any super chance
I read Heine Thompson's okay let's just
check it's 1218 and we go for about an
hour and where exactly an hour
I want to sorry give me a little bit of
an Israel update what we were doing
there I think we're going to do that
Israel trip again it was so good we
learned so much Katie went into the
Palestinian controlled territories
we didn't take all 50 plus of our
passengers that would just be unwieldly
and probably not safe from a security
point of view but Katie went in just
with a cameraman and a producer and in
her first part she was under the
guidance and watchful I have a PLO fixer
and we'll have some very interesting
videos of what she got up to in the
Palestinian control terrorists remember
the West Bank there's three zones and
I'll just be very quick about this
there's zone a zone be in zone C one of
the zones is Israel controls the
security apparatus and the local
municipal administration and there's
there's different zones
some have Israelis have the military and
the PLO provides the services and there
are some places where Palestinian police
so it's different degrees of autonomy
for the Palestinians it's a little a
little hair-raising if you're from the
the West and you're used to the rule of
law to go under jurisdictions where you
really can't be helped by by the
Israelis if the PLO decides to it's
nappy or whatever and there was a
kidnapping joke made all right I'll move
on but that is where I've been the last
10 days and Katie Hopkins was there
and you can see all the videos at rebel
Israel calm I think we'll be back and
people had so much fun we're thinking of
having more of these it could say it's a
combination of a journalist's trip and a
fact-finding trip for our viewers and a
little bit of fun I wouldn't say it was
a relaxing trip I mean we were going I
mean we would get wake-up calls at 6
a.m. that's not usually a vacation thing
and like I say on some of the days we
were out there we didn't get back till
midnight so it was it felt like work
hard work but it was also fascinating
too and you can see all of our videos
there
I got a kid take a few comments because
I see there's some comments coming in
about some of these things and then I'm
gonna show you the gentle side of Muslim
terrorist groups they're really they're
really looking out for the planet Oh
mentioned that in a minute but let's
look through some of the comments data's
fault says yes the Ottomans just had a
desert there that is true then the
Jill's the Jews built the whole country
while the Arabs were pouring in you know
take for example Tel Aviv it's actually
called Tel aviv-jaffa the ancient city
of Jaffa was really a village Tel Aviv
this huge modern city half a million
Jews that has been added in the last
century the Holy Land was relieved the
Jewish holy land the Christian holy land
was really a backwater under the Ottoman
Empire the Christians had to live under
a submissive State
the pact of Omar in Bethlehem for
example they didn't destroy the Church
of the Nativity manger square they
didn't destroy it but in return the
Christians had to be extremely
submissive pay a submissive tax be
submissive to Muslims in every way it
was extremely difficult being a
Christian or a Jew in the holy land
under the Turks for centuries
then when the Zionists modern Zionist
movement started about a century ago
that you started coming in and to redeem
the desert to plant trees again to
develop infrastructure the whole concept
of Palestine never really existed that
was a that was a name the Romans gave
the province there but it was really
code for the Jews the Palestinian post
Palestine post was what the Jewish
newspaper
called The Jerusalem Post the Palestine
Brigade in World War two those were Jews
fighting with the Brits
it wasn't until in the last generation
that Arabs co-opted the phrase
Palestinian to claim that there were
some distinct ethnicity but let me just
say the obvious in case you don't know
it there is no Palestinian race there is
no Palestinian language there was never
a country called Palestine
Yassir Arafat himself was born in Cairo
Palestinians are just a made-up thing
there are already dozens of Arab
countries and Palestine was meant to be
another it's not an an endemic organic
ethnicity it's just not they're just
they're Arabs that's just a fact beardie
dash cam man chips in five pounds I said
what are your thoughts in the comments
made by Levinson libsyn on BBC radio
about Tommy's contempt prior to him
being appointed is he the right chest
for the job that is an excellent
question Hanna can you call up that
audio clip the question for those of you
were going back to Tommy Robinson here
as I've mentioned in previous videos the
judge for trauma Robinson's appeal at
least on July 10th I'm sure it'll be the
same judge on July 24th is the absolute
most senior judge in the UK for criminal
matters his name is Brian Levin and not
only is the head he's he the head of
criminal law but he's the boss but in
addition he's somewhat famous for his
inquiry into phone hacking from the
tabloids and so he's a bit political and
he knows the media and he's a bit of a
political operator himself which makes
me a little bit worried that maybe he's
being brought in to finesse a political
solution here or maybe he's just the
most senior guy and they think he's got
enough gravitas that he can do the right
thing in the face of political opinion I
don't know but I want to play for you
how to tell me when you have the audio
back when tommy was originally thrown in
prison on May 25th Justice Leveson did
an interview with the media about that
case and I don't like it when when
judges do interviews the media to you I
mean look if you want to be a pundit be
a pundit if you want to be a politician
be a be a politician run for office be
accountable for your words we voted in
or voted out if he if you love the sound
of your voice and all of us in the media
obviously do
but you can't have it always you can't
be a political pundit but immune from
political accountability by being a
judge with the power of a judge
but the proclivities of a politician you
just can't you just can't do that but
here is justice Brian lesson
opining on a live case
there was in the media I mean listen we
all have opinions on it but the thing
about a judge is you're supposed to
reserve your opinions to be issued from
the bench take a listen
well members of the public ought to know
that publishing comments which impact
unfairly on the conduct of a criminal
trial could constitute contempt of court
and there is a very good recent example
of a man who videoed material which he
fed into the internet which did
constitute contempt of court
as a result of which he was sentenced to
a term of imprisonment this is Tommy
Robinson
it is indeed of course a breach of peace
I'm interested so that was a BBC
interview with Brian Lamson and my first
question is why is the judge doing
punditry judges have power that their
words become law in a way or at least
the words interpret the law and they
have enormous power when a pundit says
that ought to be the way it's just an
opinion when the judge says that ought
to be the way it can be a court order it
could be a prison sentence it could be a
revision or a rescission of a law I
don't like it when when judges are
opinionated and how can someone who has
uttered his views about a case but
without being in the court without
hearing all the facts without being
there how can he utter opinions on it
when an appeal was still possible and
the case was therefore still alive why
did he do that and now he's appointed to
be to oversee that appeal
it is a fact that he was convicted of
contempt that is a fact but maybe it was
an improper conviction it is also a fact
that Tommy Robinson is only appealing
this sentence not the conviction itself
but Hasson this judge displayed his
predilection his presumptions his bias
on the matter he didn't express any
palpable animus towards Tommy but he
said he was guilty now it is a fact that
he was found guilty but at that point in
time the matter was still not finally
determined Tommy could have appealed the
substance of the conviction to I don't
like it that said I think to try to
change it would probably delay things
further I don't know I don't know but I
don't like the looks of it fair question
let me just check to make sure there are
no more super chats I don't see any all
right it's 12 28 and we've had a good
jaw about the Israel trip and we have a
good talk about Tommy we seem to talk
about him a lot but he's in the news I
am gonna go on July 24th maybe I'll see
you there you know what I think I missed
a couple super chests give me one second
I want to read them if you if you're
kind enough to make a super chat which
helps us pay our bills the least I can
do is read them let's see we got one
here from Jonathan Bryant any footage of
Calvary and the garden tomb we have a
ton of footage and we haven't put it all
up yet there are some areas where you're
not allowed to film either for reasons
of military classification or privacy or
like there's some museums that don't
want you to film I myself did not attend
a couple of the church visits because I
had to work during that period of time
for example when we put out the video
about Tommy's appeal being delayed the
rest of our team was in the old city and
I think they were one of the Church of
the Holy Sepulcher it's a very important
Christian site I have seen it before and
so the tour guides took our people but I
stayed back with our team to do a little
video and an email
so I can't answer you from personal
knowledge but we have probably 15 videos
still to come based a me says going to
court for have a gay day and stopping
Muslim prayer at speakers corner and
streaming my surprise arrests at my home
two days before Tommy Robinson okay I
think I'm familiar with your case and I
think we might have played your video
before Amy if you can send me an email
to just Ezra that's my name is Ed RA at
the rebel dot media just Ezra at the
rebel dot media do you say that or Z in
the UK easy RA at the rebel on media
easy RA at the rebel W and and try and
give me as many of the facts as you can
that just bullet point facts and we'll
take a look at it I don't want to
promise any help because I want to
assess your situation but I promise you
I will do that I am familiar with your
curious if it's the one I'm thinking of
I think we may have seen your homemade
video of it so thank you for that
alrighty it's 12:30 let's switch gears I
want to be I've been critical of Hamas
with lobs terrorist rockets into steroid
being critical of the Ottoman Turks
so now let's show the other side of the
story a terrorist group in Africa called
al-shabaab they might kill you they
might torture that they might kidnap you
but underneath it all
they got hearts of gold look at this
story al Shabaab terror group bands
single-use plastic bags can you scroll
up I want to see which news source this
is from this is from Sky News and rich
is a uk-based a news organization the
Islamist group which is a an interest in
the environment also a Nesta ban of the
logging of rare trees this is not the
onion people this is not clickhole this
is a real news report and they call it
the Islamist group now in the headline I
admit they say terrorist group but
guys they've long had an interest in the
environment
so no more logging of red trees killing
of Christians and Jews go ahead you're
just helping reduce the carbon footprint
but no single use plastic bags people
and look at them there look at them
there
those look like environmentally
sensitive bandoliers of bullets some of
those are called bandoliers when you
have like you just hundreds of bullets
laced together like that when I look at
those guys I think they love the earth
they really love the earth and that's
published with a straight face on Sky
News yeah the media party ain't pretty
but these stupid I feel Dumber having
read bad news story is that fake news
probably but the fact that even if it's
a real story
even if al-shabaab is now saying no more
single-use plastic bags but do they do
they run like the grocery stores in
Africa even if it is a true story which
I'm skeptical of to run it with a
straight face is a form of fake news
because that's just being a dupe for a
terrorist group that is being a
stenographer for a terrorist group let's
take some more comments from that me
Shabaab yea al-shabaab is the name of a
terrorist group they are active in
Africa
tami Putin Suzanne Bell says smite their
necks it's acceptable plastic bags are
evil you are so right v6 al-shabaab
killing people but saving plastic bags
yeah it's ridiculous Robby Linds and
plastic bag sure it's it's so funny Jay
38 ish never heard of a green terror
group well you haven't been reading Sky
News obviously any award one bag per
limb from now on okay that's getting a
little bit gross alright
I speaking of environmental groups I
want to show you about Greenpeace start
with a video of the bridge to b-roll
here
Greenpeace is trying to shut down
Canada's oil and gas economy and so this
is a big bridge in British Columbia and
they repelled down the bridge and
they've got their signs and they're anti
oil and gas and as you can see it was a
meticulously planned project this is
Greenpeace footage obviously gorgeous
footage filmed by drones filmed by
professional equipment this is not some
amateur thing this is a professional
production TV quality branded as you can
see I mean we have our little word mark
on it but it's branded Greenpeace
breaking the law of course breaking the
law to call for other breaking of the
law
that's what Greenpeace does they only do
it in Canada and certain European
countries so they tried it once in
Russia they approached some offshore
drilling rig they were all immediately
picked up by Putin's
security services and thrown in prison
and I think they were in prison for
weeks and they never protested in Russia
again just the once it's the only time
I've never seen Greenpeace protest in
China even though it's by far the most
polluting country in the world of course
not you protest in China they'll give
you the channa mean square treatment
they don't protest in OPEC countries can
you name a single OPEC country where
Greenpeace has protested Saudi Arabia
Iran Iraq Venezuela Nigeria United Arab
Emirates of course not
Qatar the course not because you protest
in those countries and it's off with
your head I'll Shabab style but maybe
they won't use a single-use plastic bag
why do they only target the country
where ethical oil comes from what elite
I mean I'm not saying they should have
protests in Saudi Arabia I don't want
these folks to be killed but Kathie
Lee's put out a press release Greenpeace
is headquarters is in Amsterdam in
Holland why can't they put out a press
release from their Dutch headquarters
why I'm not saying have a protest but
why not even
the press release ever ever once I
wonder if they're in league with OPEC I
wonder if they're helping to press down
OPEX competitors to allow OPEC to have
more market share what if that's the
case here's a video of one of the
Greenpeace protesters I actually know
this guy I'm from Alberta originally and
I lived for four years in a meetin and I
got to meet Mike who team I'm actually
really surprised that he's involved he's
a high enough level organizer that he
generally is a store that lets the
younger cannon-fodder commit the crimes
and take the punishment while organized
just like hammer just masterminds and
string pullers here take a look at Mike
oedema hi my name is Mike Kadima and I'm
the climate campaigner with Greenpeace
Canada and I'm one of the twelve people
hanging beneath a bridge as part of an
aerial blockade of the trans mountain
pipeline expansion trans Mountain is a
pipeline that would span from Alberta
Canada to British Columbia it would go
right through the heart of a national
park across over 1,300 streams and
rivers and bring over 400 tankers into
this Inlet that I'm hanging above today
and up and down the entire west coast
endangering every community economy job
that depends on it
those aren't risks we should ever take
Prime Minister Trudeau it's time to
reverse course on Kinder Morgan you
promise climate leadership you promise
indigenous reconciliation and by
endorsing trends Mountain you violate
both it's time to get on the right side
of history Prime Minister Trudeau it's
time to reject trans mountain very
articulate unlike most green priests
protesters because he's not just some 20
year old kid who's getting HEPT up and
sent out as for cannon fodder
he's been a anti industry anti Western
extremist full time campaigner for
decades I remember him I think when I
was in law school he was added so that's
20 years ago or so so it's surprising to
me that a senior hand like him would do
it but I'm actually not surprised
because there's
confident that Greenpeace that they will
not be prosecuted in any serious way I
mean they might get a little mischief
ticket they'll have to show up but the
word has come down from Ottawa through
the RCMP that these guys go with the
most minimal charge possible if a member
of parliament
I mean like Elizabeth May and there was
another MP who broke a court injunction
and violated the Kinder Morgan's
property get off with a $500 fine Mike
who demon knows it's safe for him to do
that because he'll make probably a
hundred thousand dollars in donations of
that but let me show you Hannah do you
have it section 467 point one of the
Criminal Code and I see there's a super
chat there but I want to show this this
is the Canadian Criminal Code and I know
folks in the UK and the states are
saying why did it boring me well let me
just tell you this is the Canadian
version of the RICO statute so as you
can see this is from the Canadian
justice website is from our Criminal
Code of Canada which is the codification
of our criminal laws it applies in every
province and territory of the Canada and
I'm just gonna read through this so give
me a couple minutes don't get bored the
following definitions apply this act a
criminal organization means a group
however organized that is composed of
three or more persons in or outside of
Canada okay that's Greenpeace and has as
one of its main purposes or main
activities the facilitation or
commission of one or more serious
offenses that if committed would likely
result in the director in direct receipt
of a material benefit including a
financial benefit
the grouper by any of the persons who
constitute the group
it does not include a group of persons
that forms randomly for the immediate
commission of a single offense
I'll just read one more definition
serious offence means an indictable
offense under this or any other act or
of Parliament for which the maximum
punishment is imprisonment for five
years or more or another offense that is
prescribed by regulation there's a lot
more here but when we leave it at that
so does Greenpeace meet the test is it
three or more people yeah of course
there was 12 people involved right there
do they commit a crime together yes they
brag about it you just saw the video do
they do it for financial benefit yes
that's their business model on every
single web page on the Greenpeace
website including the ones boasting what
their crime they ask for money and they
get it that's their version of
crowdfunding I guess the only last test
is do they do things that are of a
serious nature well I don't know if
hanging off a bridge is a grave offense
that could yield imprisonment of five
years or more
probably not but Greenpeace does other
things that are quite serious and I
think it would be salutary not only for
Greenpeace is is conduct but for the for
the support of the rule of law which has
been eroding in BC
if Greenpeace were charged under Section
four 67.1 of the Criminal Code our
version of the RICO statute because
imagine the documents that police could
get in their search warrants imagine all
the internal financial documents about
how these decisions are made who pays
for them I'd love to know if OPEC was
behind any of it I'd love to know
because they don't protest an OPEC I'd
love to know if there was actually any
Russian collusion because again they
protested just once in Russia they got
smacked down so hard they never did it
again
what do you think I see there's a few
super chest that's let me catch up on
them
Ezra's first two regulars says don't
btfo the blimp on the 13th legal reasons
all right you're talking about there's
two dueling blimps in the UK I don't
know if we can call up images of them
one is an anti-trump blimp and the other
is an anti Sadek Khan blimp he's the
Mayor of London dueling blimps but I
don't think either of them are illegal
are they I think they're lawful blimps
it's sort of a blimp competition what
these folks are doing in BC is illegal
beardie dash cam man says your thoughts
on Sadek account allowing protesters to
fly a baby Trump blimp across London
during his UK visit a Khan blimp
crowdfund has said its target you're on
the same point can we call up the baby
Trump blimp just to show people what
we're talking about I guess my first
response is that in a free country so
this is a baby Trump blimp and saticon
has given it permission to be flown in
areas that he controls obviously to
embarrass Donald Trump if that's the
best you got you don't got a lot is it
funny uh yeah I guess it's sort of funny
it looks sort of like a weeble or like
those Russian dolls with in dolls with
in dolls like it's got a funny look to
it and and I don't know if you can find
it quickly but Trump supporters or
saticon opponents have crowdfunded the
same sort of thing for a baby saticon in
a diaper I
he's very high level like it's just sort
of thumbing your nose at the president
it doesn't really make an argument does
it it doesn't provide a rationale or
facts it's just a snipe a personal
insult
and that's saticons forte I think he's
playing to his Trump hating Trump
derangement base including a significant
proportion of Muslims in the UK and
that's fine as a personal political
indulgence but my beef is that this is
being done now in the name in there with
the imprimatur of the government of the
mayor of London providing his authority
to use certain government only real
estate if I understand I haven't read it
closely but I know he gave his
permission for this and I guess what I'm
saying is yeah that's sort of thumbing
your nose at Donald Trump and Rho fight
the power man but it I think it demeans
London one of the greatest cities in the
history of the world
I mean London is such an amazing city
even in its decline it's amazing and if
this is how London wants to be known to
the world and to America that's sort of
pitiful when I think of London in terms
of icons and images I think of Big Ben
in Parliament I think of Trafalgar
Square I think of Buckingham Palace and
the beautiful statue of Queen Victoria
outside I think I'm I don't really think
of the modern side of things like the
The Shard or the Millennium Eye Ferris
wheel but that is part of London I think
of the bridges including London Bridge
Sadek Khan wants to replace the
iconography of his city with a stupid
Trump derangement blimp yeah man you
showed Donald Trump you totally showed
him man yeah and you cheapened a city
that for thousands of years was such a
symbol to the world of greatness don't
you think that's a little bit
self-abnegation yeah you're trying to
bring down Trump but you've brought down
the UK to do it I'm not against you know
kritis
I'm for free speech much more than sat
at Canada's he's the one can we get the
the pictures of the are you Beachbody
ready to know those if you google Sadek
can Beachbody Hanna you'll see the ads
that said it can banned from the the
London tube from the subway a couple
years ago they were just ads basically
telling Brits time to get fit because
it's beach season and sadyk can who has
been a lawyer for Islamists in the past
he claimed he was against the
objectification of women but he
basically put a burqa overall billboard
ads in the London tube and ru beach body
ready that's a pretty hot picture the
weight loss collection all right so this
is obviously very politically incorrect
because it's a pretty girl and it's
implying that being thin is better than
being fat and we were all into fat
acceptance now and whatever and you can
find that distasteful you can find that
sexist maybe it is but for Sadek can to
ban that ad while Islamist Dawa ads
promoting Islam or it's tough not to
think okay he's banning uncovered women
while he abides ads on subways and
double-decker buses promoting the Quran
yeah you just might be sure reifying
London I'm not a fan of said it can I
believe in freedom of speech more than
he does so although I I think it's
distasteful for this baby Trump blimp I
don't think it's illegal I just think
you're the may the greatest one of the
greatest cities in the world I mean New
York Paris Tokyo Moscow I mean these are
the great cities of the world Rio and
you think you wanna you want to show the
world your temper transform personal
insult
alright man if that's the that's your
priority go
and let's check the time here it is 12
48 did I miss any super chats I'm just
gonna scroll up a bit I think I missed
one here we go
v6 should Han see it could grow poor
fire himself is 2018 well that's fine I
use that phrase also hands in the
gripper obviously you're talking about
Justin Trudeau who has had three
exponent three different alibis and
explanations now for when he was 28
years old and was groping a female
reporter in the town of Creston British
Columbia
he apologized the day after to this
reporter and his apology was published
in the local newspaper and it basically
went this way he said I didn't know he
worked for a national newspaper I
wouldn't have been so handsy so it was
it wasn't even really an apology it was
oh sorry I didn't realize he was someone
who important I thought you just some
girl passing through my life and I was
gonna have my way with you so he
apologized at the time which is
important because he can't now deny it
if he accepted it and apologized for it
in the year 2000 can he and there's no
statute of limitations either legally
for sexual assault or morally for being
a creep and I think the fact that he's
lying obfuscating coming up with a
series of internally conflicted excuses
is is worse than nothing I mean if he
would have said look I was in my 20s as
a little bit drunk there was a party I
got carried away I'm sorry I think that
would have ended it but he's saying oh
there were no negative interactions I am
Telling You there were no that was his
face no negative interactions that's
that's what she got this woman says you
groped her I do not recall it that way
there were no negative interactions I
did not have sexual relations with that
woman miss Lewinsky yeah that's just not
working that's not working for mr. male
feminist mr. gender equity cabinet
appointments it's just not working and I
think that the shine is coming off the
shiny Pony doing how are we doing for
time it is 1250 be
WBT ceases Trudeau's being molested in
Creston you know what that is so good
can I borrow that molestin in Kristin I
don't know what your real name is BW BTC
but will you permit me to steal that
phrase molestin in question because he
did he handled a woman so that's not
just propositioning her or hitting on
her or saying hey baby I don't know if I
mentioned it three or four times but
Pierre Trudeau was my dad and I'm really
rich
he's like a vegan he's got to tell you
within the first thirty seconds he's a
vegan Justin Trudeau you got tied with
him 37 when he was in his 20s he was
just yeah that's how I am Pierre
Trudeau's son I'm sort of Canadian
royalty and when he come back to my
place and home talk about the Charter of
Rights and Freedoms like he wasn't just
being a an oily gross douchebag party
bro that's just words right he wasn't
just propositioning he wasn't just being
lascivious he wasn't just leering
according to the female reporter he was
handsy that's assault that's battery and
when your handsy in a sexual way that's
called sexual assault and that's just
what the law says
so saying I do not recall any negative
interactions yeah I just don't think
that's gonna cut it he was molested in
crest and that's what he was doing
Psalm 51 the street support comments
hang him by his bollocks says Paul
stormer mister q-tip hi Ezra have good
Shabbos bro hey thanks man
Dave Cady vs. Justine not a vegan he's a
fruit well it sounds like he was pretty
hetero that day when he was molested in
Creston Patrick max support BDS well no
I don't support BDS or as it was in its
original language in German Catholic by
udin don't buy from Jews I'm not into
that
Carlos David haha Canadian royalty he
really thinks that he absolutely does he
believes he was destined and even if he
didn't really have the motivation those
around him certainly did they thought he
was his their meal ticket and he has
been Tessa Downey he was being that
bloke at parties and everyone avoids
because he's weird yeah I believe he was
handsy everywhere because what are you
gonna do you're gonna complain about the
son of a former prime minister
back then he was rich and powerful now I
have no doubt why the woman who he
molested does not want to be interviewed
because she'll be torn apart torn apart
by his liberal allies and by that I mean
the media they will absolutely Doc's her
in every way they will smoke out any
ex-boyfriend she ever had any proof that
she was asking for it that she was a
woman of low morals I have no doubt
whatsoever that she is silent because of
fear and I think there's also a
significant probability that she's
received as stormy Daniels type
non-disclosure given the difference of
course being stormy Daniels allegedly
had a consensual affair with Donald
Trump whether or not it happened we
don't know he paid the money is what
we're certain of but it was not an
assault it was a consensual act here we
have Justin Trudeau accused of and
acknowledging and apology apologizing
for a sexual assault that's not the same
as stormy Daniels stormy Daniels and
Donald Trump if it was true was an
affair this was not an affair this is
Trudeau groping someone who said I don't
want to be groped it's worse in other
words I wonder if Trudeau has an NDA and
non-disclosure agreement with her maybe
that's why she's quiet
um it's 1253 do hue white pride says
research Jewish power and the Zionist
agenda you're at the right place for
that budding because you're looking at
raw Jewish power right here don't take
me show you my pipes
you know Sun's up guns up it's real you
know you're lucky I put my shirt on
because I'm toilet like a toy girl
you're looking at raw Jewish power of
the Hebrew hammer right here and what
was the other thing the Zionist agenda
we just got back from ten days in Israel
and we were literally on Mount Zion we
were there at Mount Zion and I tell ya
the pipes were out alright yeah you
watch yourself mister
take some more comments um it's just a
regular so it just keep up the good word
after Chad open all well thank you Mikey
10,000 Ezra do you ever acacia gets
stoned and meditate you know I don't I
don't do drugs and I and I don't do a
lot of drinking but that don't mean I
don't get the sugar high from just way
too much snacking and so I'm gonna give
a half yes on the first part of that and
on the meditate part that sounds very
calm and and I'm you know I don't do
calm thinking mainly I do agitated
thinking so I'm gonna say no Tommy used
to start his own political parties one
comment there I don't think so I don't
think so I don't think Tommy's built for
politics to you I think he's built for
activism and and journalism I don't
think he's built for being part of a
large political team it's just my sense
of the man I admire him of course it
she's not a fit for elected office or
elect about politics I did something so
I think he he did acknowledge the same
immediately to you but who knows ask him
he'll be out soon hopefully
Blackie bori iron lion Zion I like I
like your rhyming I see a I see a
limerick there once
an iron lion Zion who took some eggs and
began to fry him I need to work on that
and I'm not gonna work on that in real
time as it's a Mike Levine the Hebrew
hammer there was some movie character
called the Hebrew hammer I think there
might not be a movie I didn't actually
watch the whole thing it was sort of
sort of goofy
Diablo 2 elite PvP guide says Jose
you're not a Jew roll on the floor
laughing okay there's some obscure stuff
here I just don't get it
Carlos state would hold my beer Ezra let
me blow the tsiyon horn you're talking
about that ram's horn called the shofar
that the Jews blow into on holidays all
right I'm gonna skip those Jewish things
this is the Jewish comments are sort of
boring Paul a star Murtagh me don't know
how to lie he could never become a
politician that's that's part of it
although I think his authenticity would
be very popular
it's that Tommy is not built for
committee meetings he's not built for
sitting in a caucus haggling over
nuances for hours unless he was the
leader I don't think he would be
obedient to the party whip and I can
tell you that as his former boss Tommy
ain't built for a boss so when I was his
boss if I was his boss and yeah I mean
have you ever seen Tommy
he ain't built for taking orders from a
party leader and he's not built for
being a party leader he's got ideas and
he wants to put him in action
he's very kinetic you know he doesn't
like sitting around he doesn't sit in
the studio we built him a studio in
Luton then he he didn't like being there
he wanted to be out on the streets he
told me that's what makes some electric
that's also what gets them in trouble
that's the double-edged sword isn't it
let me see it's 1258 I want to make sure
I've got all the super chats in there
MCA 420 says what is your thoughts on
Doug Ford and cap-and-trade how far will
the federal limbs go to try to keep it
well that's what's so fun about Doug
Ford he's just doing it he's trumpets
that way and I know he doesn't like to
be compared to Trump so what Trump's a
man of action so snug forward Trump
despises the media and lets everyone
know it so it's Doug Ford I like I like
the Trump duck for it so far and it's
great to have an ally in the opposition
to Justin Trudeau who really had smooth
sailing I mean for a while there was
only Scott Mo
Brad Wallace got moves Saskatchewan
Jason Kenny he'll probably be elected
premier next year Doug Ford you're
getting some real opposition coming
together last comment here I see Forte
three six four five says let's counter
with a bloodthirsty knife yielding
Muslim terrorists blimp okay I took me a
while to understand what you're saying
you're saying to put up a blimp in
reaction to that Trump baby blimp with
one of a Muslim terrorists that is a
provocative idea that if Sadek can truly
believed in freedom of speech he would
abide but Santa ken does not truly
believe in free speech as I showed you
with that Beachbody had said it can has
represented Islamists including the
family members of terrorists he would
certainly not accept that and he would
call it a hate crime so not only would
he censor it on some municipal bylaw
grounds but he would take it on in terms
of some sort of a hate crime law
absolutely sure of it well folks it's
good to be back in the seat here on
battleground our hour is up I'm glad to
be back because I try to do these from
overseas but it just didn't work from
scheduling and an internet point of view
so I'm glad that it worked thank you
everyone for chipping in with your super
chats of course that helps us pay the
bills here the rebels so I appreciate it
we'll be back on Monday and we'll have
so much more to say as I said I'm gonna
go to the UK and for the 24th that's
still a few weeks away I'm not sure if
I'll do a battleground that day but I
will certainly report to you from the
courthouse that day I'm actually looking
forward to it I've had some interactions
with Tommy's lawyers I'm very encouraged
I think that there's a respectable
chance that Tommy will be granted bail
right there then that'll be amazing if
that happens and I want to catch Tommy
fresh out of prison to talk to him won't
that be amazing and most importantly I
want to be there to counter the MSM
mainstream media lies that will be told
because the entire UK media
establishment is against Tommy with
those handful of exceptions that I
mentioned earlier so I think I'm gonna
go and cover it what do you think if you
have any views on other things I should
do while I'm in London let me know but
I'll probably come and go
same day folks that's been battleground
if you can tune in tonight at 8:00 p.m.
where I do my whole show not my whole
show but my monologue about hands emic
groper justin trudeau and we'll have a
conversation about will show you some
video and we'll get into the details so
that's at 8:00 p.m. Eastern until then
on behalf of all of us here rebel world
headquarters good bye and keep fighting
for freedom
you
