at Donald Trump you know he's not a
judicial guy he's not a he's not a guy
who goes to a lot of Federalist Society
meetings he's a guy who listens to the
experts and the experts were these
Federalist Society guys and they're they
said hey here's a list of 25 great
conservatives pick and Donald Trump said
okay Neil Gorsuch boom and what a
homerun this guy was fantastic an
intellectual powerhouse a voice for
conservative conservatism a voice for
freedom a great pic now we've got a
chance to do another Wall Street Journal
just came out today and said here are
the three headliners guy named Raymond
Catholic amico and Barrett and Brett
Kavanaugh and you know what holy cow we
are in an enviable position people as
conservatives we are in the enviable
position of having to choose between you
know a 95 percent a 96 percent maybe a
98 percent selection I mean it's that
good we can't lose on any of this the
big question is can we do better because
nobody has agreed on who it should be
you know in the conservative movement
let's look at the candidates Catholic is
from Michigan Michigan's a swing state
that's useful remember these things have
political resonation this gets the base
out and you know if you're somebody's
from your state and they get appointed
when you kind of want to win because you
know your state tree otic that's kind of
patriotic except for States anyway
Catholic is an outdoorsman but more
important he is not an Ivy Leaguer he
went to the University of Michigan
undergrad and graduate why is it
important cuz every single judge or
justice on the Supreme Court is an Ivy
League graduate with a Harvard or they
went to Yale can you believe that it's
insane
you know the most the the most important
nine unelected people in the country and
they all come out of the same little
bubble how about some diversity oh did I
go there I went there let's get some
diversity
you
