just on the road into Bethlehem I'm
looking at Palestinian homes on the hill
and it's such a strange thing this sign
to me it's one of the most it's the one
of the things that stands out the most
from this trip this road leads to an
area a under the Palestinian Authority
the entrance for Israeli citizens is
forbidden dangerous to your lives and is
against the Israeli law
I just find it I find it bizarre of all
the places I've been of all the
countries that are divided about South
Africa where I think imagine putting up
a sign nowadays in South Africa it would
be okay no whites that would be
effectively what's happening in South
Africa and here you have a sign saying
no Israelis in Bethlehem
it's an absolute madness to me that this
used to be 95% Christians and now it's
12% and now you can have sign saying if
you're Israeli and you come here it's a
danger to your life I find this
absolutely bizarre I'm here in the area
that Israelis are not allowed to go it
is dangerous to their lives to join me
and the rest of the rebels on our
journey around Israel go to rebel
Yisrael calm
