well I am at the boundary of Jerusalem
and the West Bank and I'm with Danny
Tirzah a retired Israeli army colonel
and someone who was instrumental in the
building of the security wall and
security fence now Danny you told me
off-camera that this project it's the
length of the fence is 451 miles it was
originally budgeted at three billion
shekels the off the law price was eleven
billion shekels I am curious based on
your experience since building a wall
between the u.s. and Mexico is such a
hot-button issue in our side of the
world what advice would you have for the
Trump administration if you are asked to
weigh in on that project
well the main problem in the United
States is not terrorism you have to find
the right solution to the right problem
you don't build the solution and then
ask what you're going to solve the main
problem in the United States is that
they're not cooperating with with all
the forces that they have on the ground
the sheriff's don't know how to talk
with the Rangers the Rangers are not
cooperating with the local police the
local police is not working with the FBI
the FBI is not working with the FDA they
all have inspectors on the ground but
they don't cooperate they don't share
the intelligence they are not working
together the main idea in the United
States is to find out the right security
concept as we did here and just find the
right way to deal in every place on the
ground you know that's a very
fascinating analysis Danny I guess what
you're saying is that until they get the
communication coordination with all the
various levels of law enforcement down
pat the idea of building a security
fence security wall between the
us-mexico border that's not going to be
a solution in and of itself is it no
it's only building a barrier if you're
putting the barrier on the ground and
you don't know how to keep it someone
will come and we'll still the the the
metal from the barrier and that's what
they are doing in men
in Mexico in the border today in Texas
between Texas and Mexico they're just
coming in 50 they think they're metal
because nobody keeps their now tell me
logistically and tangibly when you were
building this wall in this fence what
did you find was the greatest challenge
once you started construction of this
barrier well it was a time of war the
Palestinians tried to hit the workers so
the main problem that we had to face is
how to do it as fast as we can in the
right quality and do it in time that we
have to keep our forces or our men from
the Palestinian side that they were
trying to hit the workers and finally if
you are asked to be a consultant on the
us-mexico border by the Trump
administration would you offer your
services for that of course every
country have the right to keep your
borders and I have a lot of experience
that I can share with our friends in the
United States thank you so much for your
time Danny well folks many of your
favorite rebels are here in Israel
filing reports on a daily basis please
go to rebel Israel calm and get your
latest updates here from the Holy Land
you
