it has been 18 months in the making and
the day is finally here that I can tell
you guys I literally I'm so excited so I
know a lot of you know that I'm why I
don't even know if you're ready if you
know that I'm releasing yeah I guess you
kind of know them releasing something I
have been hinting about this the longest
time haven't been able to tell you for
18 months that's how long I have been
working on this with the most amazing
team and I know a lot of you guys have
been guessing it there's been so many
different things thrown around over my
Instagram and stuff I've been trying to
give like space the last couple of days
or so some of you guys did actually get
it right is true I am bringing out my
very own makeup palette in collaboration
up with a for YouTube a I am bringing
three of my own pallets out which I will
show you guys right now I'm so excited
here are my three pallets I'm so excited
to show you the shades inside there is a
different variety of eyeshadows
highlight blush of bronzers etc I can't
wait to just tell you about the whole
process how I got started where the
inspiration came from before we do so I
really quickly want to talk about
something exciting that's happening
around the launch of the palette which
means that you guys get the chance of
not only meeting me it's not just gonna
be a meet-and-greet basically thought it
would be so so so fun to put on a master
class with my palettes this masterclass
is also gonna be with Emma Mitchell who
I absolutely love and adore and he is
gonna be creating a look with these
palettes on myself basically you guys
can come along watch learn how to do
makeup get some more like tips and
advice it's gonna be like a live Q&A
kind of thing so you can ask both of us
lots of questions it's basically gonna
be such a fun event it's gonna be very
personal there's only gonna be only
gonna be a hundred and fifty tickets if
you are gonna buy a palette anyway then
the ticket doesn't actually cost you
anything because it's the same price as
a palette and you get a palette included
so the palette is 20 pound there will
also be a bundle so the three palettes
for 50 pounds but the price of a ticket
for the masterclass is 20 pounds I will
leave the link down below if you want to
come make sure you get a ticket as soon
as you can it also means that you'll get
the chance to get the palette early and
try it out before anyone else does so I
hope to see all of your pretty faces
there I can't wait it's gonna be so much
fun that is the master class really
quickly I wanted to get that out there
because I know the tickets are gonna
sell fast even though the pallets don't
actually launch on beautybay calm and
tell the city of December the master
class will be on the 1st of December so
you guys can actually grab your tickets
they come on sale tonight at 7 p.m. so
that link will be live at 7 P and the
master class will be held in London and
obviously you can choose a pallet of
your choice and it also means that not
only will you get a pallet early but
when you're actually at the master class
as well but you have the opportunity to
shop the other palettes just in case you
want to and for everybody else the
palettes launch on the 6th of December
and really really really quickly for
very limited time only when they do drop
for the first week or so I will be
having a 10% discount if you use my code
saffron ten
at checkout I've always liked that
sophomore antenna check out guys
anyways right let's get into the pallets
the very first thing I want to talk
about is the packaging I think if you
guys just saw these in a shop you would
just know immediately like these are so
made now I love dis-a-prin
I wear print all the time I think it's
cool I love love love the fact that
we've got three different shades of gold
here as well well we've got more like a
copper we've got like a bronze and then
we've got like a yellow we got always
like a pale pink which i think is super
pretty because they still kind of like
go together but at the same time they're
a little bit different you can tell
which pilots wore the first pallet we
are going to start with is called love
affair and this the pallet I have on my
eyes today if this whole look is only
created of using this palette so let's
have a look inside all the pallets come
with this sticker sheet so you can
actually personalize your pallet
yourself as well
let's open the pallet up we obviously
know that I had to create a pallet with
a mirror inside because we doesn't have
a mirror it's not really a pallet is it
so there you go so the first thing I
said when I started creating this pallet
was I wanted to have a mirror inside
because honestly I could not create a
palette without Americus it's so
frustrating when you're out and about
and you want to just do your makeup
wherever you are in the car you know
when you're on the go you want to have a
mirror it's just easier if it's all in
one palette I absolutely love the size
of this palette because it's a small
enough to take out and about but at the
same time there's still enough product
inside love affair is about not just
having a love affair with someone else
but actually having a love affair with
yourself having that self-love having
confidence having that pop of color and
I just feel like this whole palette
represents that so well the very part
shade I'm gonna swatch it's called of
friendzone and this is a I shadow base
so this is basically the base for the
other colors so you can build the colors
on top we have the brightest shade of
the pallet chord and no regrets I
absolutely love love love this corner as
you can see I've actually got this all
over my lid and then I've gone in with
the next shade that I'm about to swatch
in a minute which is called love songs I
love this color I mean obviously love
all of the colors I absolutely love this
color because it has depth it has warmth
you know like you can see it you can see
where I blended it interlude today I
never really thought I would get this
excited about colors but honestly like
when
you actually go to make your own palette
like how long you spend on trying to
find the perfect formula and the perfect
color like there's so much that goes
into it so now like I really appreciate
how you shadow palettes that I really
just appreciate good colors so the next
color we've got is called breakup again
this is another kind of like deeper
color it's kind of like a warmish kind
of like darkish Brown right next up we
have sweet pea I love the name for this
eyeshadow I just think it really goes
with the shimmer so this is like a
glitter I have this in my inner corners
today and also on the middle of my lid
reason I actually came up with a name
sweet pea is because before my baby
niece Halle was born we used to always
call her pea and she's the sweetest
little pea in the whole world and she's
the love of my life so this color
basically represents her no strings
obviously no strings attached cause I do
so long as a cool name on the slate
again this color is actually the most
amazing color to blend with I'm not even
kidding
the reason I love this palette so much
and in fact all of my palettes the thing
that I think is so great about them is I
wouldn't buy a palette and the colors
are slight even if they're so nice
they're so random and you can't actually
create a look because none of the colors
go together which is why I love this
palette so much because it has the base
it has the other colors has the pop of
color and then it also has a shimmer in
it as well
so they are the eyeshadows obviously
we've still got the highlight in the
bronzer so the highlight is called third
day now the highlight was actually the
hardest part when it came to the palette
because I went back and forth on the
highlife anyone ever said to me what's
your favorite product in the whole world
I'm always gonna say a highlight I just
think it makes such a difference on the
look also like a highlight you can put
in the inner corner of your eyes you can
also kind of use it as an eye shadow
under your brow it's just such a great
product and I wanted it to be perfect
and I pass we love like a whitish
highlight I feel like it suits my skin
really really really well so third day
is literally perfect it's like just
enough you know so I think you guys are
gonna love that highlight so much then
the bronzer is called honey because
obviously it's like a honey kind of like
a warm brown it's really nice as well
just really buildable again and there
every one is a love affair I hope you
guys love it as much as I do I think
this palette is perfect because it has
that pop of color if you're
it's kind of boring if you're feeling
kind of boring you can just dress it up
with your eyeshadow your highlight so
this palette is an absolute winner for
me and looking at it on my eyes today I
literally cannot get enough I really
didn't want to say that I had a favorite
palette but if I'm being honest this
might just be the winner this palette is
literally to die for it is insane
so obviously the clue is in its name get
ready with me and I absolutely love the
names again the names are so thought
about so you guys first appreciate them
this palette is so me I have been
wearing this so much recently and
everybody has been complimenting me
everybody's then asked me what shadows
have been wearing and it's been so hard
not to be able to tell you but I've been
wearing this palette so much because the
reason I wanted to call it get ready
with me is because it's a palette way
you can easily build it from gate and
knife because you know the war we browse
you can put on every single day however
you can kind of build it up with the
dark brown the blacks and it has a lot
of shimmer in this palette again and the
highlight took me the longest time ever
to create I think you guys are gonna
absolutely love it and same with these
shimmer eyeshadows as well I also follow
this is kind of like the safer palette
like if you're just starting out makeup
as well with the Browns and stuff is
just very very very easy and you can't
really go wrong but the very first shape
we've got is called Saffy B this is the
most gorgeous gold it's very pigmented
it's like a coppery kind of gold next to
it we've got so extra which is so extra
it's a more like a yellowy kind of God
again it's very pigmented and it looks
for you to fall in the lid next so that
we have autumn autumn is actually my
middle name in fact if you didn't know
that already
this is such a kind of like nice warmish
kind of brown this brown goes so nice
with the bronzer so some days I don't
feel like doing a whole eye makeup look
I will kind of just put this on my lid
with the bronzer and again I actually
get so many compliments on it so thanks
guys the black of the palette was also
ones that I worked so so so hard on and
I can hands down say personally this is
the best back that I've actually used
like I think the black is such a hard
color no such a high claim and I'm not
necessarily gonna say that it's gonna be
the best black for any of you guys
every youth but me myself personally
this black is so pigmented and doesn't
have much bull back I think it's amazing
and it's called 24-hour next up we have
no limits which is a dark brown again
it's not as warm it's a little bit more
like dusky and then next to that we have
an even darker Brown this is more like a
chocolatey Brown hold slay because you
will be slaying when you wear it okay so
the bronzer and highlight again we have
a bronzer called filtered this is a lot
lighter than the bronzer in the other
palette the other prong serve was called
honey it was like kind of more like deep
honey however this is a bit lighter
because obviously if you are building up
the eyes and stuff if it it's gonna be
really dark or dramatic you don't want
as dark contour the highlight in this
palette called cliche is actually very
different to the other highlight just
because the other higher as I said was
more of like a whitish highlight and
this highlight is more like a golden
kind of like shimmer I think it's so
pretty again this palette is literally
perfect I've never loved a palette so
much and I've never thought a palette
was so me in my entire life so we're
going on to the very third palette this
is actually my favorite packaging and I
love this packaging so much I think you
guys are gonna absolutely love love love
this palette the packaging is absolutely
gorgeous
this is the last palette of the three
but this is more your kind of like
everyday palette I feel like I should
actually just get into it
rather than just showing you the
packaging and show what the palette
looks like I feel like so many of you
would wear this this palette is called
good vibes only because that's all that
we want we only want good vibes this
palette really does give me good vibes
it just makes me feel so happy the
colors are very like everyday colors I
think they're so pretty I love the fact
as well because these are kind of like
lighter colors on this palette actually
comes a little blush rather than a
bronzer and it's kind of like a shimmery
blush which is my favorite kind of blush
and that's kind of all I ever really
wear because I just love that highlight
and that glow again
so let's as you go through and talk
through the colors now the very first
color is called ditzy and ditzy is
actually my favorite color out of all of
the three palettes I just think it is
the most insane shimmery gold you're
ever gonna use it is so pigmented
formula is amazing it looks absolutely
stunning on the eyes I also think that
gold would look on me
seeing around Christmas time as well I
do actually wear this gold again
actually to a premiere that I recently
went to and my friend Claire who done my
makeup when she used this gold it looked
insane again I've got so many
compliments on it
so thank you so much guys oh and also
Claire who actually does my makeup a lot
she is actually like such an amazing
makeup artist and when she first was my
palettes I was like what I didn't even
have to ask her what she didn't need
both of them she was like they are
amazing I can't believe like how
pigmented they are and stuff and I was
like be completely honest like say say
exactly like what you think she was like
honestly they are amazing and it's funny
because with the black as well she was
saying it's the best that she's ever
used so I don't want to like claim it's
gonna be the best but but it is a good
black the reason I call it ditzy is
because like we're on I'm a bit dizzy
sometimes there's nothing wrong with
that next up we have to shade a giggle
which is a very pale orange however
again it's pigmented it looks so nice on
the lid really nice to buff out next to
that we have the shade lit which I think
was Anastasia's favorite shake I think
mainly because of the name but yeah this
is actually more like a pinkish shimmer
this is actually very different to all
the other little shadows out of the
three palettes and then we also have
tomboy which is an orange but kind of
like a a brownish orange we have
ticklish ticklish is so beautiful it's
such a nice strong bright orange and I
feel like even though it goes really
nice with all of these colors and it
can't be subtle it's one of those colors
again you can really build up you can
actually really drastically change your
look and also that orange would be so
nice with the Browns from the other
palettes as well the final eyeshadow is
called dreamer and this is more like a
golden orange it's very different to the
other oranges in the palette and again I
think this is actually a really nice
color my face also really good to like
work in the crease and then obviously
I've already mentioned these at the
beginning of this palette but I do
actually have a blush in this palette
which I feel like it's a little like
kind of Bowness kind of like changes it
up a bit more from the other palettes
and I wear a blush a lot and yes a blush
is called cheeky it's like the most
perfect pink it's kind of like what you
would expect cheeks to kind of be and
then last but not least frisky is the
highlight is probably the darkest of
them all but again is so pigmented and
looks so so
gorgeous so everyone if there are my
three pallets I am so excited literally
cannot believe it I hope you guys I was
just as excited as I am as I said their
pallets are 20 pounds each however you
can get the bundle for 50 pounds and if
you do use at my 10% discount code then
obviously you get all three pallets 445
pounds which is a bargain
and obviously my 10% discount is
actually only out for like a limited
time I think it's gonna be usable for
like a week I might be wrong it might
even be less than that but I hope you
guys do get the chance to pick up my
palette the 6th of December on beautybay
calm and if you guys when I come along
to the master class again be involved in
the QA grab a pal a get the chance to
see the palace early meet me the link
will be down below as well thank you so
so much for watching this video and
hopefully I'll see you guys very very
very soon mwah bye
you
