good morning everybody welcome to a new
one our today is a very exciting day but
before we actually get into this but I
really just want my remote so yeah so
everyone the big news that half you guys
are waiting for right now basically if
you didn't know from a title today this
is going literally I'm going for the
chop I have been saying this for the
longest time on my blogs if you guys are
do you follow my daily vlogging channel
then you will know that I have been
bragging on about this for the longest
time but I've just been so nervous for
it to actually happen however today's
the day I put in my appointment 5 p.m.
tonight this is going
can we just bear in mind I've always had
long hair so I am so flipping nervous so
so so scared if you're watching this
video right now and you probably think
you're like saffron why you vlogging on
your main channel I just feel like this
is such a big deal that I wanted as many
people to see this as possible so if you
do enjoy this videos be sure to go and
check out my daily vlogging channel that
I've got a link down below because I
found my other videos like this now if
you have been following the blogs I do
have a special friend of mine here so
let's bring her in to this video guys
Anna my very very very bestie does that
make any sense
my very best she's my best friend I love
what are you doing well shopping for
what they bother works yes we are
obsessed like so obsessed obsessed he
wanted so bad bitch gonna win because we
swore that bath or body was shipped
arrived I swear they do I've seen people
get it but it's enough yeah I think I
added about
13:14 things yeah
hi hello guys look who we're looking
after my little baby niece she just
doesn't want to look at the camera she's
so - just don't look directly either oh
love you hon oh she is look ha ha ha she
Sookie
hi little one are you ready mom
yeah you ready you sure you're ready I'm
not sure either neither having salt soft
but you hate it oh my goodness mom I'm
so scared
nothing oh no I don't know even change
yeah I know really ha
are you ready are you sure I was this
high yesterday and I had to wait another
24 hours so yeah true are you ready I
think I heard that she is ready you
ready come on ready for this she really
don't care really I don't know she's
ready guys in the saddle right now I've
got my lovely gown on this Shani is
gonna do a hairy pit I am so bleep
nervous everybody this time it was the
pressure just like when up was a
pressure which is not that's just as
long as I answer yes it is
Oh
oh my god dragon is still not done so
they're gonna like how the hair and
stuff make it I'm well um but I do this
I wait I don't want to show too much to
its count I thought it was incredible oh
this crazy 21
yeah I'd say Hardy everyone's gonna let
me down below what you think okay burn
the old tribe you like this move bad but
we do say it's gonna take some getting
used a but picking up it I'm just so
happy my hair could just grow now yeah I
have any strain microphone is
strengthening it as my some of these
stray I'll actually United this is
someone I trap yeah yeah
like it I mean RJ pitching straight goes
boys almost out finally would you do
that oh yeah I think I decided to
strengthen so that's really nice I think
it shows a some kind of moment is yeah
so everyone I am home now I put my
little tiny little it's so a minute so
it's so weird but you know what the
whole reason I done this is because my
hat was in such a bad condition because
I've been bleaching it since the age of
like 13 I think and I had extensions and
I had a lot of extensions and it was
just ruining my hair and I love long
hair I'm a very long hair person but I
just thought I needed it and I know in
six months time I will literally thank
myself for this so I'm so happy today
even if I don't know but I like it now
if I don't like you like thanks we've
got something I know like in the future
I'm gonna faint myself for it so very
happy it's a lot darker as well below
night so anyway but is it looks so weird
but we're gonna chill we're gonna have a
takeaway I hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog I know it's not the usual thing I
do my main channel but if you do enjoy
videos like this they'll be sure to go
check out my daily vlogging channel
because I've logged every single day
that's why it's called a daisy bugging
channel say should go check out I'm
gonna link it down below go subscribe
thank you Anna for you feel me as well
but also I want to give a big shout out
to Shani as well because she was the one
who actually done my hair thank you so
so much I'm gonna link her like her
Instagram and social media and stuff if
you want to get her hair done by her
down below I hope you guys enjoyed and
happy I see very soon bye
