hi everyone welcome back to my shadow I
hope you guys are having an amazing day
wherever you are in the world right now
and then I got some milk right then I am
joined with my Madre
I'm with hydrate and here is another
month versus dad episode because I know
you guys absolutely love this so I
enjoyed this that makes anybody like
them but let's just make money yeah
pretty much this video I would never I
mean even when I get stitched up more
than yeah pretty much but that's what we
love about so basically I seen this
video before but literally years and
years back everybody was doing it it was
such a big thing and they were such
funny videos however I've never really
seen anybody to do it how we are today
because we are basically we are going to
be doing the clothes swap challenge
however I had nobody to close for
Twitter so I thought what better not
opportunity today but that March it was
your mum ghetto brothers my parents yeah
so they're gonna be a wonderful thing
with each other but the reason I'm in
vogue is because it's my channel
underneath this way to do so basically I
pick the outfits so holla at me so much
like and subscribe it down below if you
guys haven't already and we do get to a
thousand likes then we will be doing a
part two alright this video yeah so you
know you bring out first don't think
there'll be a part ok so basically today
we're doing evening in day work and as
one said pot will be tonight we're
either in West it's not like everybody
see that
I hope you guys enjoy it and let's get
in to the video what are we gonna solve
with outfit number one now neither of
these guys have seen what they got
people you
no today so don't look down because I
basically leave it out died a little man
boobs and I'm gonna show you one chest
when I wear this nobody hairs coming out
oh that's not you man plus the head come
out the hose as well which I think's
very good hi good it's quite a mini
short dress I think it's very gonna sink
you hold on yeah ha don't I get a little
skirt over that no that is the dress is
it that is the dress yes that's the
first thing
so I had to have some really lovely
shoes to go with this outfit so I picked
lead is this that is short you scurry
mum's gone these are unified shoe
searches and then by Christian the boot
on and they are so nice and they also
promote offensive so don't you dare ruin
those no you don't be my algorithm this
is the first part but you ready dad will
get it right so we are just waiting for
dad to come out we can hear him scream
scene ugh screaming I'm so excited for
there we've shown me to film us we've
got the phone between us but mom how
could she think he's gonna learn I think
you know I am so exciting I think yes I
think shocking but maybe in a good way
why is he shall we shouting at my shoes
my dad is coming in now wanted dad to
attend this way don't know don't let me
go dad
traditional you know get the classic
outfit this is what dad's favorites when
he goes out is it guys so we've got a
nice white shirt as you can see just be
buoyant by myself over here so a perfect
white shirt so you put on but you won't
be wearing as a drag show you're gonna
be wearing there's a nice blue suit
quite thick I think we've really nice on
the buttons I've done up so this is the
next thing
it all sounds about shoulder padding as
well so all the mission
yes and then we also have some nice
smart but it arouses form they
definitely look your waist size so I had
a baby though yeah next I took so much
out but because this is nice paying kind
of like floral tired I can sit down
where this my light wine play especially
right on yes thankfully my rubber the
floor I guess are very high in school
the road as a bone
don't you use where time stall is gone
but let me know if you don't cheat don't
cheat and the if one of these folk dance
evening outfit which is technically very
yours mom is these amazing shoes where
these products these boots are from
Geoffrey West I'm just not sure if it's
gonna sue mom get away of it dad does
does moments gone down because I bought
this out there truth right guys so we're
moving on to two moms evening outfit
this is mom's white outfit how do you
think she's gonna look at it you still
gonna fancy her
maybe not she's gonna get in that okay
check her pulling at that all that looks
amazing yeah you guys think of my
mountaintops in the help it I think my
dad is winning the game so far I think
when the man boobs came out with the
nice happy picked I know I was such a
good know what it is you know you can
three well within those hills that's
what maybe the other meet the Hales so
so my dream for my dad let me know down
below ver your Britain for so 500 go in
the polls up here if you think my mom
will die this winning so far but we're
now gonna go on with the day outfits so
it does for your next outfit I could be
willing to get it from inside out so
that's still inside out but we have some
black playing and jeans and feel like
get skinny jeans are these really going
to secure a bill they are time I think I
know that plane
I don't know anyways you got some black
nice jeans what size are they and then
me Wally I've got that we're ten
actually they're a bigger pair because
the other ones alright then a little bit
more Lee okay daddy's back
so you've also got a really nice canals
think I've seen this before but very
exactly that every day they wear and
I've never seen her in it
it's just nice to well so that's fine
about that and then finally we've got
some nice wedge heels these are no bit
different from the last ones I probably
definitely handle eyes practice now so
these are waiting and any other god
you're gonna rock these definitely wait
on it
I've made some choices and lipstick with
this one yeah yeah you make it look go
this is dad day outfit sugandha I get a
go at the time
mom I don't know if you can beat will
start to slip like it is our pepper
let's give it a go next your day outfit
is quite big when you picked up my leg -
what was the date on the weekend you
have five days a week I'd like more than
our youth every day a week he's a
weekend view okay so here is his bigger
page so then we've got dad's of war
t-shirt feature out to be teed up with
you over here the big travel promo for
the hashtag sponsored hashtag art yeah
this does rupture free much these are
like classic doesn't be like this is all
you've seen it was feeling jelly bean
it's burnt with there's dad okay
they're just some white glasses they
were work stuff yeah
yeah they get so nice toast about is you
guys buys another pen saying we're free
or every six my qualities please into my
jeans
yeah why does that so bring it the
catwalk model which can become in the
car Delevingne we've got size avenging
so GT sorry
you're not welcome if you haven't tried
I think my dad done I think my for you
got a British am i something you can
wear our wood no one wears it you know
what it's the most unique and original
web ever since anybody wear heels
walking hills wear tight dresses though
really try to listen figure you want it
anyways idly what that one but mommy did
do a great job let me know down in the
comments below who you got one also go
in the business here I won over 95
percent of the votes
well if we do night where we're not
doing West we are not doing
you don't even wear top oh I definitely
wedding then okay bit simple so holidays
the end of the video for real this time
I hope you all did enjoy as we said
three sizes of heights and subscribe
down below if you guys haven't already
and also if you guys wanna check out
more more buses to add videos then I'm
also currently about more of a shared
bath morning go check them out and very
never ever again hopefully I will see
you guys very very very while I'm not a
beast
