it's so weird that everyone just assumes
they feel like not friends of someone
you hate over yeah I am right now
just of waiting a for Kiera
hopefully she gets here very soon you
know I have everyone and joined with
Kiera I don't think you took nothing
this is like I feel like the most least
I expected class are you gonna go over
there we're gonna drive somewhere we
don't actually know where we're driving
he's gonna drive love that we drive in
as soon as school ends
I love children for last my mom it's my
mommy my dad I love children
ya know I can't see me having ten kids
people would say not Barbie right but no
I want three kids can I want to get
sterilized this got quite deep what's
your music styled
mine's like R&B I don't know I have an
assortment of things I like con man Oh
play something hit me I'd like to
clarify that's not my music tape oh my
god there's so many cows I got chased by
the one oh no it was actually kind of
terrifying
so basically Kara and I haven't been I
say we haven't been friends for that
long right we just we've always known of
each other we're just like we've spoken
now and then but like we haven't been
like that close really realistically
have we major teeth yeah and everyone's
like you guys even friends like what if
it happens so we thought you know we do
the classic go onto Instagram you guys
can ask us questions you can drive with
us still does he I guess oh well let's
start with the easy one like since when
were you guys friends we've never like
not been friends everyone thought that
we hated each other so strange it's so
weird that everyone just assumes if you
like not friends of someone you hate /
yeah never liked being friends but we've
never hated each other go in there's no
reason we've never I've been in the same
like scenario no any time and like we
have like such different lives as well
so when would we ever and then people
think that if you're a youtuber everyone
everyone's friends of everyone it's like
if you work obviously you said it
earlier if you work a primary school
doesn't you have to be friends every
single primary school teacher this is a
question for Kara and I think you know
what it's gonna be because it's
everyone's question oh this is cool I do
want to know this no everyone's gonna be
high boy I knew it no yeah it is I don't
know why everyone thinks it it isn't I
guess it's kind of like a Jerrica
situation which I mean yeah I can't like
really surround myself with people I
don't actually like like if you only one
friend they ask you how you are
that you're fine you're not really fun
you just can't get into it because they
would never understand so if I didn't
actually like him I just I couldn't I
mean to be fair if you didn't actually
like him you would be a pretty good
actress
thank you I'd like yes oh my god they
got a new crusher now I think it's like
Mars
you want to know another OD I have so I
have like a playlist and it's the best
thing ever it's just like throwback
songs and I'm gonna see how many you
know okay I'm gonna waste shuffle in
surely you must know this one question
is you guys have such different
personalities like I'm surprised your
friends actually we do have such
different personalities but you know
when people say opposites attract
t-there you guys we do have really
different personality no you're very
like a Ford and I'm very like you were
saying that you're like awkward like who
exactly you know like on your videos oh
yeah I don't know it's like but the
thing is it's weird because like almost
kind of uh awkward like by the way that
you talk but you're like really good
you're not like all cool in the sense
that you can't have a conversation yeah
I think do you think I'm not my videos
to be honest you can save you don't
think yeah Antonio sound like everything
I try to be I to be Carrie just goes
it's so cute so you seem like such a
happy person
another question is have you ever
regretted any video you've ever made uh
yeah it was the first ever video that
like got big on my channel I probably
had like 60 cases it means like 100 K
and it was called finger-banged and
pregnant Wow
okay can we just say right we would just
like to include both of us we don't have
the same personality were both very
unorganized and the
I'd love that new camera new life oh my
god I love this song
that was my I was 14 and sad song video
okay are you ready
are you steady this is a tune
I'm so excited
me too we hear it's odd because I kind
of autograph for this big we just go
passions cheers to us and we're gonna go
and finish I feel like we literally came
out to drive and get passion and listen
to good music I'm satisfied
Cheers still I've already good question
in here like this one we both got to be
so true for hey okay right what was our
first opinions on each other like first
impressions first opinion like it is
gonna be like even just before you met
me or just asked you met me or whatever
okay be honest like I'm not gonna get
offended I knew he was like before I
even had a channel wait wow yeah yeah I
only said my channel in 2016 I actually
have a very vivid memory of this one of
my friends from school we were like
saying all my bed as I just started my
channel we found like a bean boozled
challenge together and she was like
showing me like all of her favorite
youtubers and you were one of them okay
so obviously when I had like first heard
of you you was friends of people that
didn't like me so like my first
impression was like well she probably
doesn't like me either but like I hate
judging people before I've actually met
them so obviously like I did know that
and I don't want to like component you
judge him be like ah she's this she's
that but like I just thought you didn't
like me
the only real thing I actually knew
about you like in person was like
through what people who'd met you I
didn't I didn't really like know
anything Karen I didn't
we are back at the house now we've just
driven home we had our classroom life is
great this trip was amazing thanks for
coming on this drive with me I really
felt like I needed you here thank you
for watching go check out his channel
leave it down below I miss you guys for
oh very very soon wha they think about
Oh goodbye you know what it is
