hi everyone welcome back to my channel
I'm excited why not stop all the fellas
and on this channel okay support i neva
hey guys I'm joined by none IV and you
haven't seen her in the box already and
get ready to fall in love with her
because she is BMO uses a durable no no
no no Happy's in this video so so so
excited today my name is going to do my
makeup now a makeup in your day was a
little bit different now right well
you're not coming to in order to going
on your but yeah
maybe there's some options or self of
that are some options you know for eyes
and legs different foundation colors so
you can kind of choose when I was
growing up we have three so eating
absolutely I hope you guys do enjoy this
video then Nan's a little bit nervous I
do I mean it'd be goodness yes goodness
me rated the plaster on my face but I am
so ready for that so guys make sure you
guys how many likes are we going to go
for in this video 40,000 40,000 40,000 a
big thumbs up
do it for another video because she's
going to rock my makeup today so hope
you guys enjoy and let's get into the
video
what cookies on time you've got to else
but we want to start a little busy so
right now my heart free to just let me
put your email you know haven't been the
same yeah how many yeah this is gonna
bit I've got my space which are a little
bit together in Olympia peer support
yeah that's primer okay it's a little
primaries and listen while noting what
you said in the past because I actually
we could be done with your makeup or my
whole channel or do you kind of have a
bit of a head start
I feel like but you know you should go a
little bit on that
I'd say I got a little bit my bow child
like that yeah what was it about our
patent so I took the property having a
writing this is wrong
so shouldn't go to yeah I bet that if I
waited behind some really really nice
each reason right blended your finger
okay
is that fine yes so that's good oh it's
all right
Pizza Martha so what are you thinking
goes in there even if you don't know
like you want me to choose what you
think though faster primer concealer you
are going to see that I mean can i if I
favorite concealer when you saw your
face in this yeah I've been done love
triangles on yeah I think it is perfect
make you yeah - yeah
oh my god get you you know it oh good I
notice that I can see how my face
remember the diamond the chin has been
no before you at all I bought you
Stephanie or Swiss apple Martha makeup
tutorial before you Vania I realized
maybe okay so are you going to blend it
into my spider brush
oh you're remembered you get all the
other dagger motion oh yeah yeah that's
the one or little dubbed up like that oh
oh
so is there a go I love it we are
bringing his dad back this one says that
this isn't wanting regional bigness
awesome I don't know oh no here ago my
blog I remember awesome job and then
it's just so making their dominance
yeah pseudo mean is the second-largest
at the attention I'd really like a
picture like the caption if I pick up
unit zapping sighing oh and it'll say
something yeah and I was very into
Papale because my journal
Facebook or business there we have a
Olsen no this is the title fail fails
and Gina's a lot of options I have
absolutely no idea
yes foundation so all of that is very
foundation for one unit all this we can
choose between any one now I'm going to
give you a hint
these are my three favorite this is very
small
yeah put an all nighter website on yeah
I went over there were nine five they're
vintage did you go
is that right so basically we know has
the foundation right so basically that
it has a nose like a lid on it right so
when I was going to tweet it on my hand
I will be on the phone yeah that if I
want to appear like meaning squeeze the
foundations of the listen go awesome
know if you don't mind if I can we hope
you put on the table this so much um
anyway they just cleaned it out looking
here
I think Josh will go where you feel like
and blend it into my face so any do your
makeup like now how much how many items
do to keep on your face a lot of
Michelle suppose like foundation design
is just a little bit what do we know
English toffee a little bit of some scar
uh sure okay I'm sorry
okay easy what happen on top of this
info and cover the help so when you go
find a Thank You Joseph buy this for
your baseline knowledge how would you
know if I'm a traitor or behind yeah
you're a very good job Luna Callisto how
about you also beautiful of my favorite
only contour my face to a contour and
Yoshida lines down here the jawline and
onto my forehead so how would you
palette for how to you brothers who have
two pallets over here and one so here
are that shows to know do we also
Hollywood Josefina perfect is that one
your pipeline jumper at that one look
like milk jugs and this one looks like
Alma yeah so what hey this is blushing I
know Bobby yeah don't like those from
the Bible things at it come to learn it
is a bronzer very condoms obey to a mama
yeah
oh not blended for isn't it in this way
she goes our keep ruminating it kind of
like doing something out you still below
people I thought I can never be
different to my everyday makeup are they
sitting in everybody's with ha ha ha
going on you just gonna keep you know
connection in I would recommend a brush
but if you found an e BR go brightness
call me so what would walk right up and
down it now that because I'm a total no
I wanna no it's not ones are like are
you a bigger oh just making a little
corner oh my god I'm so good looky there
yes yes yes I'm sorry my garden balsam
to see now I want to be house definitely
yeah so it's on here and make sure a
tyrannical groom yeah this is California
sign sent guys what my favorite brushes
it is so so pretty on stings like pinky
but also kind of like listen so it's
really nice my the comic right pinky
well it's all the underneath
yeah maybe give it a little bit
wonderful teacher yeah okay really good
fat assuming this color I like it what
the black I can definitely gravity work
you or me - well don't think I'm doing
too bad oh my god that's Amelia people
ready now wait one of the highlight and
this is my favorite part later
now those of you before why you this
remember I use the iconic color immune
and then you up there because you didn't
forget what was done no I mean I mean it
depends like what you country it on the
day so get yeah somewhere else
little issue bringing me joy every turn
the here and yeah right he's not time
you do just know I did of ever if I know
I know but there are you I'm not the an
Impala down in Los Angeles
yeah we are
ah but the exact amount of it by the
time you bend it it's going to be good a
lot okay wait that should show you the
camera so my nan has gone for this kind
of life ready shimmering one yeah very
appreciation yeah hmm when you do your I
told you Robert but you kind of a
Glendale down I'll just open it
yes a little in the crease and like a
bit about it okay you know the terms in
the creeps I love it
I'm a happy girl doesn't when I was just
you see Jerry that was going down below
if you want to get makeup on mine and my
role are people word and taking with you
Hey yes none do we open up somehow I
know me I'm really scared and somebody
does my is like it so much I they are
just so delicate
I just know you won't even get frozen
soon oh yeah
so what color lipstick using are going
you're me I have probably paint stick a
pinky show you paint a me because that's
what your eyes are all people who live
right I've got a mirror in my hand I was
ready to the oh my goodness I absolutely
love it
all Debbie - somehow I know you guys are
like
good job flexor the punishment public
you thought that one's refuses dark
order and I was given for being like
brown net but no offense what you doing
right but yeah I did you do what I do
like if she can give them in or you
don't have a debate that's so good
so what does the eye shadow I would go
out in it was really good it was really
good I just don't know if it's just kind
of a bit me you know what though guys
that is the end of the video I hope you
enjoyed my hammies I throw up megabytes
ashore I think a lot of people wanted to
donate up but also down below if you
would my god man my name will be
required to performance today so maybe
for another liability I do makeup but
thank you so much for coming onto my
channel
took a lot of effort for you to come
here today and it rained ugly lot and
she has been poorly with me she's on the
mend
when she's getting better she's the kind
of a departed at the eastern side nobody
but I hope you guys enjoyed thank you so
much another like for my land because I
don't know that I'm sure you guys what
everybody does well I mean fast enough
but Simon over to mine down and if you
guys enjoyed this video
40,000 or server we get 1000 load up see
but anyways I hope you guys enjoy and
this is very very rough
