hello everyone and welcome back to my
channel now today the video is the pal
map this is the dorsal so basically I
don't actually every shot at Palin
however when I do go over to the US I
baladi love the dollar store side but my
mother things Palin is like the most
underrated shop ever she thinks it'll be
a great idea to get a mystery box from
both Poundland
and the dollar store now I have
absolutely no idea what she's got me but
she spent 10 pounds and 10 dollars so I
actually got a box from each door of
mystery things that she thinks is gonna
suit me most mom did you actually buy me
a drug test so I want to put this to the
test and vote which one I think is best
you guys can also help in this by voting
in the polls somewhere on the screen I
don't even know what site it is I always
get it wrong so I'm guessing it's this
side cuz normally I say that so anyways
let's dive in to the big box of mystery
I have no idea is this power line is it
dollar store it's helmet right let's
join me oh I hope you guys enjoy I need
to do my classic like subscribe and with
that for a new and let's get into the
video
what's up fess up we have jhinsley
this is death money because I'm such a
party animal always right no it's not I
actually don't drink gin so I don't
quite know what mom was thinking with
this but you know what it's actually
quite a good game but maybe she was
thinking for a video or something you
know kind of like when people do vehicle
and stuff however I don't know how often
I'm gonna use this pretty sick though
for a pound like that is kind of great
but a bit last year so I'm not too sure
what you're thinking of next all we have
argan oil shampoo and actually this is
such a good purchase like wanna see my
mom buys this all the time oh you know
what I want to give myself down to pan
and I really want to get the condition
out of it as well because it's so so so
good so thanks mom they also have like a
heat protector spray don't know if they
do and Poundland
anyways this stuff is so good Nick so
okay this touch okay the lids kind of
fallen off but this is so sick like they
have picky makes in power land I never
knew this was a thing and I tell you
what I'm going to the cinema tonight
this is actually gonna save me fortunes
this would have cost like what four
pounds fifty literally got my son
bargain there mom Stefan
definitely talked it up all of my
favorite don't wait to treat myself
right make someone get me a wish no way
you really been well I don't even know I
think this is funny
really no but I know which if it is
efficient bus it's a really big but goes
on a desk that was probably the one
thing that really does like a pound but
you know what I love it and it will
actually sit right behind me on my death
this is just so cute
some days you just have to create your
own sunshine there's actually such a
sweet quote and I really like the colors
and I just get let me see myself hanging
it's not yeah I actually really like
this if I have my own house as well
probably hanging up somewhere not just
in my bedroom I like it it's very me
this is actually so cool okay so we've
got Southie phone clip and you know what
actually always wanted something like
this my friends have things like this
but they cost a lot more than a pound so
whether this one actually worked I have
no idea but apparently it's like a
fisheye lens so it's gonna be pretty
cool if it does work so switching it up
a little bit we have these abbath
crystals that actually looks so cute
wanna see this that's like such a cute
gift I really like this little bit on
the side as well makes it look a little
bit more premium but let's actually see
or what they smell like make this silvus
I mean they smell okay if you like that
kind of like there's a Oh a generation
smell I don't know that's really
offensive but if you like a older kind
of smell hand soap kind of smell you're
gonna like this but it does look cute
and actually this is like a really cute
like present or like stocking filler
that kind of thing it's pretty cute I
just don't past me right for the smell
make sure you put on my vlogging channel
because I test out over there
see what it's like put it to test those
look like a really sweet thoughtful
things my mom she the best oh my
goodness this is so cute
okay my mom knows me so well now I
literally I mean I don't go to school or
college or anything like that I don't
study anymore but the only reason I did
likes that I mean I hated sober nights
but the only reason I enjoyed going to
school was because when it was like a
New Year and stuff and you got to buy
new stationery I love stuff like that
and my moms will use paper clips and oh
my goodness how cute they they're
actually the best things ever so I love
them okay a power bank I have about
thirty of these and don't use any of
them even though I should just because I
have the worst memory of even charging
them up but the thought is there and you
know what it will probably come with
charge so at least I get to use it once
but oh this is actually pretty good for
a pound
I just don't know how long it would
actually charge my phone for but it's
pretty cute and also I like factors pink
okay so next up we have a candle this is
also really cute I feel like it's very
thoughtful because I I love a good old
candle so this is cotton fresh I feel
like it's gonna smell so nice let's look
at Yankee Candle it smells she don't eat
smells like talcum powder
I mean it's not the Senate I would
normally buy if I was getting a candle
but like if I look at the bar this is
actually quite like an ice then it makes
me feel like fresh and clean so I
actually quite like it wait I'm gonna go
get a lighter I wanna go like this see
what it's actually like now how do I
blow it out or do I wait do it any
wonder sounds different yet but wait for
it and I can't smell anything that's
enough oh no it smells good but he just
wants like every other card or smells
like you know what it smells like
birthday cake when you blow a candle out
then last but not least this is actually
so exciting I used to have actually this
is that calendar that I think I'd yeah I
must have got from Pamela I mean it was
pretty similar it was the same thing but
I
it was a square shape obviously this is
rectangular especially really cute I
never really actually used it but it
always looked nice on my side it's
overly 2019 a New Year's resolution I
can be a bit more organized and actually
use my calendar because I have loads and
loads and loads of exciting things
coming up so it'd be very about to use
my calendar and look it's so cute
they're different colors the last time
as well which is really cute absolutely
living for the lime-green
that was my mystery pound box number one
and then we're moving on to the dollar
store there we go Oh
dive in first oh we have okay toe socks
these are so you definitely need some
socks in your life oh come on dick does
in Filipino do so much you know what a
foot fetish doc Oh what the hell my feet
don't actually fitting them my toes are
too big I don't know how to write for
you jeez if my mother he's gonna be
another story tell me even worse oh my
god there's two one oh my god little
baby sticking out that they guide bloody
nubby I mean they aren't the most calm
fears of things but the thought was
there they're quite you I mean I just
don't know why you would ever want to
wear these over normal socks if I'm
being honest they're just like weird to
go out sir but that's still cute and I
guess they are super soft so momma knows
me too well she has thought about me
Hershey's cookies and cream which is
honestly the key to my heart I love
these so much I mean I feel like I'm
gonna love them more because you can't
actually really get these in the UK or
at least they're harder to get hold off
realistically though it's just the same
as buying a bag of chocolate here and
when you actually throw it down don't
really get that much in there it's not
exactly a bargain you can probably go
and get this from your local Walmart
whatever but I mean I'm not
complain because I love these so much oh
my goodness sad she's sick I love this
movie so much and it came out so
recently well not so recently that's all
I didn't come up that long ago so I'm
actually really surprised that she got
this from the dollar store this is the
movie Paper Towns I didn't even know mom
knew that I like this movie but it's a
really good movie and I recommend it
what an absolute bargain a dollar
another great classic cut for me cuz I'm
such a party animal not really I'm
probably more like each type of
chocolate much liking this but there's
actually really cool I'm really cute and
to be fair I haven't actually ever sent
a cup like this I don't know why I just
like pretended to sit with straw because
there's nothing inside a bear just gets
a big thumbs up for me like that
next up we have cinnamon barnett candle
anything first honestly food-related in
the candle i am most likely going to
love it well especially if they're from
Bath and Body Wash now I rave about
their candles I buy all of their
sweetest candles I don't see my
favourite thing it's like heaven allowed
however I don't think the dollar store
one is quite gonna live up to my
expectations if it does wild earth am i
spending like $20 on a candle I do not
know
oh my goodness it smells so good why on
earth am i spending the money that I
spend on a bottle buddy work at all I
mean to be fair the bottle buddy what
kindness might look prettier and this
smells absolutely insane I would do
anything for you guys right now to be
able to smell like if this smellivision
was a thing you would also be an a this
is worth burning my finger for because
it's so strong like I can actually smell
it already
it's so good I feel like I just want to
go back over to America purely just to
go and buy a ton of these candles and
then look there's another one
she's also got me bourbon and maple
which again smells so good scent is so
strong and I love it though the donor
saw in my opinion has definitely want
over the power line candles this is so
cool oh my goodness okay I would never
just in general even in supermarket I
might be wrong correct me if I am but I
would never actually see like
pack it like this of cereal I generally
think this is the coolest thing ever
remember Cody doesn't know me that well
because I don't actually like peanut
butter so I don't know if I'm gonna like
this but you know what I actually like I
love cereal so much so that must be the
reason why she got it for me I'm
actually really excited to give this a
go and I really love the fact that it's
in a packet as well I think that's so
cool
right so I've got all of my bits and I'm
ready to put this to the test they smell
so - Oh peanut butter though Cheers
taste test here we go
I mean if I like peanut butter it'd be
great but I just stopped cheers so mom
it's definitely there this is a cutest
thing ever oh my goodness she's got me a
little cat Kirin right and I mean I'm
actually more like a dog person rather
than a cat person let me know down below
you don't punch in you a cat person
I do not all animals purr like I have a
dog so I have to say I'm a person this
is the cutest thing ever though because
they look like these pom pom fur things
I don't really know what to call them
but they're so in at the moment like
hanging them on your bags and stuff I'm
like on your coats or I don't know just
even using it as a keyring I'm so gonna
put this like on my backpack I think
it's gonna look so cute and could
actually believe that's a dollar last
few bits from the dollar store what the
hell is this I mean I know I said awards
will this be a unicorn as a kid oh the
you know content oh that's such a kind
of cool I mean I'm always losing my pens
I'm always getting asked do you have a
pen
it's pen that also makes noise I'll tell
you what we've got three and one here
kids it's actually really cute
I mean it's not exactly a bargain but
it's a pretty cool pen so next up we
have what the half ma mum did you
actually buy me America and mate I can't
even pronounce the flippin word I drug
test right into your entity buy me one
cuz I mean I can't even pronounce the
words that were being said that I do not
need I take your dropped I couldn't
believe it you can actually buy that in
the dollars well folks go out at night
when you come home I'll be testing all
right got results in five minutes
that's as you know classic month think
she's funny very last thing we have is a
bomb and it's actually really sweet
they say hashtag think pink so obviously
this goes to cancer awareness which is
actually really sweet so I definitely
will be using this bath bomb and I
actually really really really like this
I actually love a buff on throw a tent
it I guess better than the drug test
okay everyone it's so there is a panel
on mystery box versus door so mystery
box I actually couldn't tell you which
one I think's best I am probably
reaching towards maybe more power line
which I'm actually genuinely really
surprised about cuz I'm never really go
and shop there and now I definitely will
be knowing all the great bargains that I
can go and get so I feel there's certain
things that I buy you can get it for a
pound from Paola but however I do feel
like you know the dollars table dude you
better with the candles so I don't know
it's kind of hard but obviously you guys
let me know down in the comments below
which one you guys thought one and
obviously up in the poll somewhere on
the screen right now I hope you guys do
enjoy it don't forget to hit a big
thumbs up and subscribe down below go
and check out my blogging channel as
well I will also leave that down below
and I hope to see you guys very very
very soon Wow guys
