oh my god hi everyone and welcome back
to my channel
oh my goodness I have been actually
waiting to film this is that video
waited to tell you guys this for about
10 months now I have been working on
this all year and I'm so excited to tell
you about actually you already know it
but if you don't follow my blog see
wouldn't know that I bring it out on my
own
fry my brain it was absolutely crazy the
amount of love and support that I got
and I worked so hard on it and this year
like literally the exact same again the
same thing it's gonna be another home
where range however there's gonna be
some other pieces it's a little bit
older this year is kind of wrong with me
but at the same time it's still kind of
fun and cute and like quirky really hope
you guys are excited for this it does
come out on October the 22nd in a ton of
different Primark stores in fact I'll
leave all of the stores down below so
you guys can know where to go get them
from because I know last time honest eat
the stuff sold out literally straight
away it was so unexpected I can't
believe it so if you want to know where
you can go get your hands on it then I
will leave it down below I don't know
what time this is going live but as I'm
filming it it's 16 days and I'm counting
so I hope you guys enjoy and without
further ado let's get in to unboxing why
mark are literally the most amazing
people ever they have sent me three
different packages this is a package
number one electro match this box my
jumper right now let's dive in so we are
going to start off with the dream a
cover everything I feel like this
actually has been leaked a little bit
this duvet bar this is the duvet cover
if you haven't already seen it now when
it this actually came together the
design on paper with the whole team I
literally couldn't believe it I was so
excited especially because it's
reversible so there's actually two
different designs two different ways you
can have this so I would definitely be
switching out on a one side it kind of
has like almost like
from paint with the paps or Pinker than
the different Gray's and why so this is
really cool as well because you can
still flip it over and you can still see
both sides and the same with the pillows
as well they're also reversible and then
it's obviously black and it's got like
white kind of like paint lines I don't
really know how to stain it it's kind of
like lines are like spattered it looks
really cool basically everyone it looks
like this is what it looks like everyone
here is the duvet or a blade I've
actually been wanting to use this on my
bed for so long but obviously because
I've been vlogging and stuff I actually
haven't been able to put this on my bed
so I'm so excited this video to go live
so I can actually use this duvet and
have it on my bed every single day I
love the fact that it has color yet it
still want monochrome in it as well so I
think it's pretty cool anyways we're
moving on the next piece is the Sharma's
you will probably notice that the range
all of these different patches which i
think are so cool and I actually kind of
got like the inspiration from the new
looper Tom range that's actually Lord
they have like different patches and
stuff I just think is really cool
already different and I love it so the
PJ is that this is what it looks like I
thought that you need to try and open
this up right I'm gonna actually put
these on for you so you can probably see
but you will also notice that all the
packaging does match as well as you can
see Sims the duvet cover so this is the
pj top now the S can kind of stand for
whatever you want now originally it was
that use sound for the word sleep or
like sleeping but obviously it can
actually sound for sovereign or frames/s
concern for that as well if your name
doesn't make invest then it could sell
for sleep or sleepy or whatever you want
it to sound for I don't know it just
kind of looks cool anyway it's kind of
looks like that like a Facebook kind of
vibe which is also the kind of the
pajama style last year as well kind of
plain but it's pretty cool that's what I
like about it so I claimed not too much
in your face but then at the bottoms are
like a really really really cool and
again it they are my absolute favorite
style of bottoms so as you can see they
are like a red stripe with a very very
very pastel pink and I love the bow I
absolutely love this elasticated band I
know it went down so well last year and
the same with the bottoms as well it has
the elasticated foot on the neck which i
think is so flattering and also the most
companies thing ever
so I miss doing the range this year is
literally like we have to do the pajamas
the same style again because
are just literally the best thing ever
this is what the pajamas look like our
but actually I'm gonna like sew up so
you can see and white dependent help
export can be actually the copiers thing
swear to you if you buy these and you
don't think they are the comfiest thing
I would actually be Boss Matt because
they're so soft and they are so comfy
also if you don't actually like the
whole design it then this year we've
added like an extra bottom so obviously
this still matches with the top but you
can obviously wear it separately or
whatever and actually I say these
bottoms are soft actually these ones are
even softer these are so so so cause it
really looks like it's great and it's
actually a waffle leg so I don't know if
you're gonna see up close but it's that
waffle material and it's got the same
thing it's got the red striped going
down which kind of made it a little more
like baseball league and kind of like
that college kind of vibe again he does
have the same thing with the elasticated
bottom because that is a very very very
high demand where the bottoms because I
love it
and then it's pink and rope which is
really cool these are more like loud
pants I would wear them more kind of
just like lounging around or I would
even wear them out they're just kind of
like joggers to me and this is actually
my favorite thing about them I
absolutely I'm living for this paper
aeroplane I really like it because I
travel a lot so I like the fact that
it's like a paper aeroplane this kind of
goes across the whole range as well but
it's just so cute
yes everyone it you're probably watching
this video right now thinking saffron
please tell me your brother snuggly back
oh yes I have got another snuggly now
this is the very first thing to go in
the entire range this sold out so
ridiculously fast like hardly any what I
said how did anyone tons of people got
their hands on it there was a lot of
upset people that couldn't actually get
their hands on a sucker Lee so I have
brought back another nug early no it is
a very similar to the snuggly last year
basically we tried out tons and tons and
tons of different designs different
colors but nothing was really working
nothing was as cute or as good as last
year so it's kind of similar but it has
the more of like a hint of like income
read within it so it's still really cute
so this is the updated version of the
snuggly it has the pink and red stripes
in the hood and then it also has like a
little pink of red love cards which is
so cute pop once again our baby pink and
magalie is great last year you would
have seen that we had the offline logo
on the pocket however this year the
updated version has this really cool
patch of this I could dream a logo which
you will see throughout the video that
this patch actually does run a lot
actually throughout the range and if you
haven't actually seen a song before
basically yeah absolutely live and die
in these they're the best things ever
they I like to try and explain it a
dressing gown and a hoodie in one it's
so easy to throw on it has arms but
they're like really really really back
if I actually just pop up it just maybe
you can see it more basically has it in
the name they're really really really
snuggly and I can't wait to wear mine
for Christmas of course I couldn't do
another suit wear range without bringing
out another cookie hot water bottle is
so so so cute
it's really sadly and soft again
honestly this is like the best thing
other the same patches on it the dream
apart like last year you can actually
hang the hot water bottle up so steer it
away a little bit from these sleepwear
kind of section of the road this is
actually one of my favorite things and
this is actually a new thing to the
range this year I didn't have effect
this gonna actually be anything you want
it could be a makeup bag it can be a
pencil case I because I don't actually
go to school I would actually use this
as a makeup bag but obviously you can
literally use this as whatever I've
always kind of wanted to bring out a
makeup bag or a pencil case that was
clear that had some sort of design on it
and then when I started doing these
patches I'm like bringing it together I
was like oh my goodness this is gonna
work so perfectly so yeah this is where
we created this makeup bag it was pencil
case whatever you want to call there but
yeah I think it's really cool and
actually you can see all the different
patches that go throughout the range
there is so so so many things but the
most exciting thing is still yet to come
so I think you guys will know straight
away what it's my favorite thing of the
entire range and it definitely is new
for now some other new bits that I have
got are these diffusers run Wow
I love them so much first of all can we
just actually holler at packaging the
packaging is a literally life I couldn't
actually tell you which one I prefer I
mean even if I didn't smell these I
would buy them just because the
packaging is so flippin cute I have got
two different scents now I try to get
both sides of my kind of like
personalities out one side is pecan
waffles you guys
that I'm flippin lots of sweets and my
favorite bath the body work handle that
I literally read the vowel is pecan
pancakes I think something like that
it's that very very very sweet said and
I rave about it and you can't get it in
the UK so I created something kind of
similar with a little bit of a twist and
this literally smells like heaven and
then this one's a little bit more subtle
but it's still so so so lovely it is
more of like a cherry you kind of send
this one's called fruit pop it's like a
vanilla II kind of cherry scent here are
the two diffusers obviously out of the
packaging this one is obviously the
fruit sent with the cherry oh I smell
that Gerry Coletti spent already it
smells so good and it has like a matte
black cover which i think is pretty cool
and I pretty classy and then this one
again as I mentioned it's the same as
the duvet also I forgot to mention that
the attention to detail on these as well
it has this almost like little Kieran
thing and has a little gold love heart
that has my Sacopee signature on it and
I really think it adds to it and also
makes it look quite a little bit more
expensive as well actually this is also
one of my favorite things I know
everyone knows I'm actually obsessed
with marks and I loved my mark lashes so
much so this year I actually went with
two different ball now I had two
different designs
I couldn't design and I literally had to
beg Primark to let me do two and they
did in the end so thank you so so so
much guys here are the two different
matter again we've got the two different
design one is just so flippin cool this
is obviously again the same as the duvet
but it also has the gold in it which I
think makes it look so so so pretty and
then this side is just also so cool and
so cute because it has the different
patches and it's just the best thing
ever it's the most perfect size to hold
and you can fit a lot in there and it
just looks really really really cute so
nice to hold and I love them another
travel pillow which again is a memory
foam we're going to go onto the travel
side of it now which makes me so excited
again we had that stuff to paint design
it's so cute and cool again and also you
can like hang it up to your case or tie
on your case or whatever because it has
this little popper here most the things
has the Saffy B label on it yeah I just
love the fact that everything has so
much detail in it and
the tax and stuff goes so nicely with
the range when I was asked if I would
like to do an upper range this is the
first thing that I asked for because I
know that I would use it every single
day and now that I've actually seen it
as well like I know that I will never
ever ever not be taking this out so
everyone this year we have got a travel
through haze which isn't the best but in
fact actually it's doing a boat I need
to like unravel a is my favorite thing
ever I travel so much I go to so many of
my friends house and live far away
himself and I'm just such an over-packer
this has so much room in size yeah it's
not too big again
obviously I absolutely love the designs
I saw this I would immediately go out
and buy it really really really love
this patch with the first class and I
thought it was pretty cool quality of
this case was such an important thing to
me because if you buy like a cheap
travel on and you know the wheels come
off as soon as you put some ink inside
of it it's such a waste of money and you
end up spending more so I wanted to
basically make something that was such
high quality and you will actually see
this like when you open the case and
stuff up inside as well it's got the
more expensive handle and which is
obviously rose gold which is really cute
so it's not just gonna break like as
soon as you start winning it along okay
come on no I can do like and so it's
obviously double sided and then this
side you can put like all of your
toiletries and stuff in it as it has
different my pockets and stuff and then
underneath it has this big compartment
as well which is really nice again going
back to the duvet cover with this same
design it's very luxurious and it
definitely definitely is my absolute
all-time favorite thing of the range oh
and the case is actually priced at 40
pounds so it is the most expensive thing
of the entire range and Bava see that's
expected because it's such a high
quality and it's such a nice design and
yeah just overall I think it's really
good value for money
so the next thing actually and I said
that was also my favorite thing but this
is actually my other favorite thing if I
could I mean I love all of it obviously
and I keep saying everything's my
favorite but this is so cute I
absolutely live for water bottles like
this I don't know why I just think
they're the coolest thing ever I can't
wait to walk out in the gym and use this
water bottle
basically that's so cool because they
keep the drink so cool inside genuine
Eve
in my car for a day it would probably
still be cold by the end of it it's so
so so good and I absolutely love how
simple it is and again it has a paper
aeroplane I just think it's the cutest
thing ever it's very me so yeah this
water bottle
I am absolutely living so I are so much
so I brought these thoughts and they're
so cute they kind of look like this
slipper socks they are so so so soft I
absolutely love the little pom-poms
obviously they go with the pajamas which
is really cute with the pink and white
stroke and then I also have two
different I mask again the same as last
year
and so this one so cute it's obviously
just pale pink with the aeroplane and
the red outline and then also going back
to that same design again we have this
matching eye mask and this is really
cool as well because we've seen this
logo so many times but never in the
black so I thought that was really cute
and a little bit different and then this
is so so so sweet and I think this is
such a lovely Christmas present a very
affordable Christmas present or like a
really cute stocking filler so this is
lucky to tag that we've brought this we
didn't have a luggage tag last year it's
so cute I've never actually seen a
luggage tag that's a heart shape before
overall I'm just really really really
pleased with how this turned out of
course I had to bring out some more pens
because they went down so well last year
and I thought like these are definitely
like an upgraded version of lashes pen
because obviously we have that floppy
top again but their heart shapes which
are so so so good this is another thing
to the range this year so these are
realized so larger we have like little
stands that had like almost like little
pegs like this that you can clip your
photos in and they went down really well
but you had to buy them individually so
this year we've got to be really cool to
do the peg lights which is so cute
because they actually like art filler I
am so excited to get these on my bed
obviously it comes with the photos of me
in it but you can change them up and
completely put your own photos in there
unless you want to keep the photos on me
in probably not we're just in case you
do they're there for you already
I am bringing out my own little I think
it's good a snow dome I'm not exactly
sure I really wanted to bring one of
these out because obviously my range
comes out towards the end of the year
like towards Christmastime and this
really reminds me of Christmas and my
grandparents have a lot of things like
this and actually my friend Bobby won
not long ago and I just think it's the
sweetest thing ever this again obviously
has a picture of me in it and then the
other side has like my signature and
stuff like that you can totally take
these out for your own photos in it it's
also really cool that it's double-sided
that you can have a different photo each
side and then you kind of shake it up
and the magic happens
it's gold glitter with like little
silver star and which again is so
Christmassy and so cute but yet again
you don't just obviously have to have
this at Christmastime it's kind of cute
all year round that gives me that little
Christmas file so another new thing to
the range is this absurd gorgeous
clipboard obviously again we have this
kind of like the same design going
around the outline as the dew finish you
guys can see I absolutely love the fact
that where you actually clip the photos
and stuff onto it's that kind of like
golden color obviously you can custom
made you can put your own photos on it
or you can even put like I don't know
little memos and stuff on it and it'll
like things that you can drop down but
yeah I just think it's really cool and
modern and it's a really nice touch to
the range and then the very last thing
of the range I feel like maybe I should
have included this with the bed cover
and stuff but actually this is such a
great thing to end on this pillow is
great cool books it's kind of not like
your standard pillow I absolutely love
the red piping going around it and
obviously the pink and the colors again
goes so so so well with the duvet this
side obviously it has the patches and
then this side it actually has the
pattern of the duvet so again you can
kind of like mix it up then what you
feel like some of the patches are like
embroidered on and then some are printed
on I wanted it to be a little bit round
room and have like different textures on
it and stuff and so it's exactly that
basically everything I've ever wanted in
a pillow so everyone obeys the range
I'm just so excited I can't believe I
finally got to show you guys if you
didn't know about the range I really
hope you guys are excited and if you
didn't know you should definitely catch
up with my vlogs and stuff make sure you
guys are involved so you can know like
sort of things like this I've been
walking away the Primark for so so so
long on this range nearly a year now so
now it's kind of all coming together and
it's about to launch in the stores and
stuff I really hope you guys love it as
much as I do get excited countdown for
the days don't forget to use the hashtag
Primark and Safie be because honestly
I'm gonna be searching for it and when
you guys do get your hands in the range
as well don't forget to like post your
pictures and share them so I can repost
them over on my social media because I'm
just so excited and I can't wait to see
your faces wearing the range and using
the range and just get in the rain also
I just want to give a big big big shout
out to Primark for letting me do this
the second year in a row it's been such
good fun and like just creating the
whole range and obviously I'm so excited
for the final product for you guys to
get your hands on it Primark are the
best team to work with and I just
absolutely love shopping in the store
alone because everything is so
affordable they have great products so
I'm so excited I've said the foot room
times but yeah get excited such a big
thumbs up you guys enjoyed the video
subscribe down below and hopefully I
will see you guys on the 22nd of October
remember remember the day Wow bye
