welcome back to my channel I hope you
guys are doing good now I'm pretty
excited for today's video because I'm
actually gonna be showing you guys my
bedroom of 2017 now this is actually one
of my most requested videos ever
honestly you guys have been begging for
this ever since I've actually moved four
bedrooms so if you guys do full on my
daily vlog in channel then you would
know that I used to be where large areas
of different room recently I've moved to
this room and I kind of lobbed the whole
you know Roma transformation video like
over on my vlog so if you haven't seen
those and make sure you check them out
I'm gonna leave it down below for you
guys to go and check out for ya so I've
moved bedrooms and I've never actually
got round to showing you guys a room
tour so that's what I'm going to be
doing today I hope you guys enjoy this
video if we do be sure to subscribe down
below if you guys haven't already also
give a big thumbs up if you guys enjoy
this video let's try and get to 70
thousand likes do you know why I did we
could do this because it's my most
requested video I felt like I thought
like yeah but you do this we could do
this so like and subscribe I hope you
guys enjoy this video and let's get into
my rental hey everyone and welcome it's
my career coming from income in okay so
as you can see this is my kind of New
Age bedroom I'm gonna give you like an
overview of the room right now this is
it's basically this is my room
here it is I'm gonna talk in detail
pretty much where I got everything from
and yet basically give you a tour of my
new room which I'm so excited for okay
so let's go over to this area over here
this actually shuts the door because
then we can kill more things right okay
so as you can see on my door I have
party many coats and jackets I have an
obsession with buying coats it's too
kind of my thing well I kind of have an
obsession with buying pretty much
anything closing wise here you just see
like Pope's and jacket this is my
Michael koalas stuffed bag backpack that
I've had for like a good two years and I
used to wear every single day - I got me
one over there
so I'll show you that in a minute okay
so I'm gonna start with this corner over
here so okay here it's just like a
little storage place this with my ring
light this ring light is from Amazon and
you going down to my feet my toes I
don't got any socks on okay look I got
head cover doesn't look like it right
let's get away from the toes minis okay
so this here longer draw is actually
from Ikea and then candle is from father
Bodyworks oh my god my favorite kind of
ever this mirror can I just say it
doesn't look like anything special but
this is like my best friend I use this
every single day it lights up it's from
Amazon it's really really cheap and
occasionally I could just sit on this
desk here which is basically like this
like my like sitting desk and then this
bit over here that's my work area but
we're gonna go back to this guy here
okay so these drawers are obviously the
same but smaller and these are called
the Alexa drawers from Ikea
then at these desktops obviously I just
bought separately and easily just put
them on yeah again they're from Ikea so
like these ones here I'm just gonna show
you a little bit of what's inside so if
you wanna this is one of my favorite
dress ever this has got all my Urban
Decay vice liquid lipsticks I am in love
with these I just think they're so
beautiful so come in here again with
these ones down here this just really
has makeup in it just loads and loads
and loads of makeup this is my last one
so messy but yeah that's my makeup no
this year this is actually really new I
only bought it yesterday and I used to
have the IKEA plant Porter's that
everybody seems to have they're so nice
I wanted to like I would it's very
different so I saw this one which is so
cute it spins around and I love like
thee little like crystal ball on top
this is $9.99 from a home sent and this
has got all my eye brushes in I'm not
quite sure like I went in here is from
eBay and
you just search any like acrylic
lipstick holder that will come up again
both the body work and or my polaroid
this is from Urban Outfitters these
sunglasses think these are from why not
this is from urban apertures and these
little things are from Ikea which I love
and always forget to water okay moving
on this chair here oh yeah I love this
chair can't even see what it looks like
it is just like a clear plastic chair
but it's really cool and then piece of
rock that I have over the top is from
Dunelm used to actually be on my bed but
it's really something that's good like
hang in from the back kind of work of it
I'm sure
okay we're moving over to my work desk
now okay so this area here this is
actually my work area this is where I
get all my editing done and this is
where I make my videos this is my laptop
here obviously from Apple it's a MacBook
Pro and my desk tops Nicolas Chrome so
this one that I got was actually really
expensive like the postman packaging I
think you can just get it from Amazon or
whatever just a Marvel super so it's not
cracked for everybody that always asks
and then the YouTube stickers are
actually from YouTube space yes like
here which I literally flip in love and
love the color I just think it was like
kind of like vintage and tumblr II I'm
just I'm all about this light and this
is from red cherry just an online
website that I found and then this here
is kind of dog which is so cute by the
way is that you on the wrong month and
don't ask me if I'm a prune it's May but
it's pretty cute because it's all pastel
colors so it has like light pink pink
blue purple you kind of get the gist it
has yellow in it I've been again and
that was one of 99 from the car battery
I was like colors okay so actually
moving on to my actual like walking
things so this is my map this is the
biggest map I don't know what inch it is
but it's the biggest science is pretty
pretty huge I would see from Apple my
gold writer speed I actually do I get
for Christmas Christmas on my birthday
and but there's an Apple as well this
mic is pretty new as well I was loving
voice-overs and this is called the
snowball ice Mike it's really good it
was 60 pounds but it's definitely worth
the money because I knew sir should I
boys ever since up my map this is so
much better now and then and yeah that's
basically that and then here this is
just like another cupboard that I got
from Ikea I they're the ranked no joke
this is my favorite thing ever it
automatic order and it still is now just
like the best thing so I'll just be like
shit in here right edit any wanna do in
my face just like just just you just
watch you know it's just like this is
life like when I'm born I genuinely just
how much yeah Oh breaking every penny
people that follow my channel even know
that because well that means why John
Daly I just spin on my chair and this
pillow here I can't actually remember
where this is from I think it's from
Dunelm a little gas
probably yeah chair from Ikea okay let's
move on right okay it's so the blind
which end up by the way so this point is
from Argus I've always wanted French
shutters but they're so ridiculously
expensive and they're like take what I
wanted to know put them into like 17
weeks or something so I got these ones
so this one wants a lot cheaper I kind
of got it like temporary but now I
actually love it and it doesn't really
have much dear friends so I'm just gonna
stick with it peasant of these the
curtains I've you know cut these for
like a couple of years now it just kind
of like creamy silk cotton and we just
kind of tied them up people they look a
little bit cooler than having them on
the hooks as you can see my plain white
radiator behind me I'm actually getting
a new one this is my wardrobe
I've had this big years as well I had it
in my old room very much both all of
these folks are here I had in my old
room so research happysheep it's kind of
like Star Wars or it will come up I got
my from some sort of like eBay Shop
they're in and these ones here this is a
lot of mirrors inside here I just have
like my face and stuff so these I mean
like going out sort of quiet and I've
got so many pairs of shoes I don't need
this all my wardrobe out and then
and then oh these hats by the way these
are my new much I actually love them I'm
gonna put one on if you haven't checked
out my March then you uh you probably
should because how does it look okay
it's not on very well but this many were
much I feel like I should keep on now
for dis now ok yes their Mohawks my much
this wardrobe here this has like jumpers
and stuff like that here I love when
jumpers they're so comfy it's like my
favorite section down here I just have
more clothes in these drawers as well oh
my god this is so exciting
this is my new a new Vuitton backpack if
you follow my blogging channel you would
have seen how excited I was
I feel so lucky to have it I'm like I
love it so much
man come on Louie bag yeah I got to stay
up today's wanna see the dogs gonna link
it down below and then this here I also
show you my room tour in 2016 in my old
room is this from Madeline and I believe
it was 30 towns so this is just really
nice because it's just a storage holder
and I just put my scarves and hats and
stuff in there as well so that's
basically that but I got it for years
it's just a really good storage holder
hey guys me in the picture but this here
are my pictures that these are also
called my merchandise I just think
that's so cool like yeah I just love
everything about it and these lips are
actually my lips so like I kissed on a
piece of paper and then they're large
and these pictures but they just and
they look really really cool together so
that is that and it's really cool as
well kind of like fills up the space
I've been needing to fill up the space
for such a long time now I also love my
color as well this right here again
shabby chic I think they're just like
from some shabby chic shop on eBay and
this just has right I'm gonna go through
every drawer stops underwear bras shorts
I think more shorts jim-jim drawer and
then this is my jean draw these sassy
letters these are from England at home
and they are about 10 pounds each hence
why I got a Safi not a saffron because I
think I do want to do a sledge that much
so describe the savage it's cheaper this
go I've had for literally ever this is
actually my mom's but I stole it from
her so I don't know where that's
actually from and then this my friends
actually bought me for yeah they bought
it for when I hit 500k on this channel
so it's just like a picture of all of me
and my friends and then they put it like
in a really pretty like die Monty frame
which I just seems so sweet
and I love it so I always have that
there and then again we have the same
pot that I got from home sense here that
I got the other day to have some of my
brushes in here are fueled my perfumes
this is my favorite person ever it's
empty but this is Lady million and
that's amazing by the way
oh my goodness I'm obsessed with this
like just miranne bird I didn't show you
the frame over there which I will show
you to have one pretty similar but this
frame is actually from 14 North Street
in Brighton and what should they have
any other stores but I know that's what
it's called in Brighton and then I have
another one over there which I'm going
to quickly show you now and then guys
this picture here this one is from the
same shop 14 at north street in right
turn this here this is my Ted Baker case
I love this it's so so pretty I love
everything about it
and love the gold obviously from Ted
Baker the reason I actually leave this
in my bedroom it is because if you
follow my fuckin channel you will know I
travel a lot so I always have a case my
bedroom because I'm always off somewhere
so one of the trouble blocks you guys
don't already so this light here okay so
the six are from Ikea and then I
actually just put them I just got some
like string lights that you can get from
eBay Amazon pretty much anywhere really
really affordable I just kind of shove
them just like scattered them around and
then this plant pot here which is like
an old plant pot that we've generally
had forever but obviously was brown but
we just decided to paint it white and
now it's really changed the look of the
whole thing so yeah a little look really
cute in my bedroom with white because
everything is pretty much white in my
bedroom these side tape was here big and
them from the same a shabby-chic shop
however the handle is missing on this
runner which is a great look and then
the things on top this is the pit child
me and my friends up from this my friend
actually bought me I think she got it
for
Smurfs it's just really really cute it
has me and my friends inside like a
little snowball
we need pretty this kind of again
obviously guys made me by now hopefully
should want a buddy wise but now let's
go on to you
best part okay let's go over let's go
over let's Google them the bed oh my god
I can't see there's my two got the
double chins and everything at this one
my bed I just like kind of brings
everything together because obviously
you have a bit of like the black white
and grey and then you have like this
special color in the middle
so this duvet set is from Urban
Outfitters and I just really like it I
just think it's really really cool and
you know this from Urban Outfitters
yes that idea is from forever 21 this
one is from Urban Outfitters my favorite
colors yellow at the moments and second
I saw this I was like yes all about
that's a lie and then you know here is
from forever 21 as well so that's pretty
much everything in my bed these are run
out I feel fine any more batteries but
these are just like little string white
lights from I think from Amazon and then
this part guys wait kinda say my mom is
so sad okay so sad that there isn't be a
million plaque up there yet is so she's
actually drilled a hole she's got it
ready for the day that I hit a million
if I have any a million she's actually
drilled the hole ready so you know what
to do you guys but as you guys can see I
have my other packs up here so these are
both working in a hundred K this is my
hitting a hundred K on my blogging
channel and this is hitting 100 camera
main channel the reason they are
different sizes because this is the new
pack that's come out and this is the old
one so literally I was so lucky to get
like one of the last of ones left pretty
much so that's why they're different
sizes so wait for the minion which is
even bigger
since subscribe these fat words oh my
god you would have seen in the vlogs I
had to go giving these free this man in
Tesco's getting them for free and I was
like why not take them yellow sandpaper
car this book I'm reading at the moment
and it's called the secret and it really
just opens it really makes you like
think about life
it just yes if you're a birthing car I
don't know if it's cool about cuz I'm an
over-thinker and it's um it's it's
really baby look at things from a
different point of view but it's a
really good book I definitely recommend
you and they obviously have my blog in
that camera here but yeah that is pretty
much everything from my rent oh there
you go guys there is no room so of 2017
I hope you all enjoyed this video if you
did please smash a big thumbs up also
because this room used to be invite you
have nothing in there I'm gonna leave my
life of room and transformation videos
down below compare today's vlog to me
actually creating my room and suppose
you guys go and check out those and
subscribe to that channel as well if you
guys enjoyed this video make sure you
subscribe to this channel as well but
yeah that's it for me and hope you see
you guys very soon bye
