wasn't i guys to my channel now look I
actually have my own prom in my living
room now this is so cool
honestly I actually never want to leave
this bar because I'm fearing myself I
got the sparkle behind me I'm filling
the balloon the whole vibe it's good
it's good you know what it actually
really makes me want to go back to prom
I had such a good prom however there
were a few things that I wish I had done
back then via in the UK we only actually
get one prom at the end of high school
so everybody's preparing for it right
now so that's why I wanted to do this
video I know in cases like America and a
few other countries you're going to get
more than one problem which I'm so
jealous of so if there were a few things
that you don't roll a sign then
hopefully this video will help you guys
out as well and also for people that
aren't even going to prom if you're just
celebrating something or go into a party
or just going out with friends all of
these tips and tricks will help you guys
out as one at least I hope they will
anyway but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this video I'm super excited if you guys
do them please smash alike if you want
to see more fun videos then let's try
and get to sixty thousand likes I feel
like we can do it smash alike
I would also love if you guys subscribe
to my channel as well which is down
below it's free you may as well tell in
the pose notifications to because why
not yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
video and let's get into my best tips
and tricks what
yes I know wouldn't this be the worst
nightmare waking up on the day of prom
at looking like this if you haven't
tried fate time before
don't try it for the first time on the
day before prom to avoid the contango to
try using a tinted moisturizer like this
one where you can actually build up your
time gradually over a few days what now
was the point in having nice heels if
you just in pain and have fun hanging
out of the back of them to avoid this to
get some roll-on deodorant like this one
and rub it on the back of your hell you
will literally feel no pain getting my
makeup done on the day of dawn
it may seem like a pretty good idea to
go into a makeover
on Sunday plus do run the risk of
looking like my advice to you guys would
be make sure you book a trial beforehand
so you know what it will look like or
just stick to what you know what if
you've got brand new shoes the best and
quickest way to wear them in is to wear
them with a couple of socks now do this
for like two to three days for a couple
of hours and this will literally totally
stretch them out
if you all your lipstick to marvel day
that I definitely have the best tax you
apply a lipstick like usual a template
your lips on top of the tissues after
this what you're going to want to do is
grab some translucent powder
grab a small brush and apply this on top
of your lip after you've done that just
apply your lipstick for a second time
and trust me you can do whatever you
want you can eat drink
kisses many guys if you want and drop me
you lips are still gonna look real good
why forgotten to brandishes a don't
panic here's a simple trick for your
scar on as normal then a grab a cotton
wool pad and gently pull over your
mascara brush picking up the fibers
applied your lashes followed by one more
normal coat of mascara and there you are
you are good to go if you're buying a
dress from somewhere like ebay make sure
you buy in advance because it could look
completely different in real life that's
the one
honestly buying a dress from a shop is a
way better idea because you know exactly
where your dress is going to look like
you you know it's going to fit you well
and you're not going to be disappointed
on the day yeah so so what guys birth
the end of the video did you like it was
it hard for you guys if you say me later
honestly it's cool several guys that is
the end of the video I hope you guys
enjoyed this is like I don't know I
haven't really done many like you know
that cat have a skinny front of videos
recently so if that's something you want
to see more on my channel then please
let me know down below and also for you
leave this video let me know if you're
going to promise this year when you're
going to prom what year you're in
basically I want to know if you've been
to prom or if you happen so if you have
or you haven't please let me know in the
comments below but okay problems
officially over
as you can see my desk
my delicate dying okay it's near to prom
now guys amazing no I'm never going to
pop this to him but yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed watching like subscribe down
below you guys haven't already and
hopefully I will see you guys very soon
have a good promit official prom this
year and that's it really
ah
