hello everyone and welcome back to my
channel today's video oh my goodness I
love it so much so I thought it'd be
really fun to bait well I say really fun
it was actually the most awkward thing
of my entire life but I thought it'd be
a great idea to wear a different
Halloween costume every single day for a
week I've recently been in America if
you guys follow my books and stuff so I
started this in America and I ended it
over in the UK and it's actually crazy
to see how different people reacted I
definitely got more of a positive
response over in America than the UK
obviously you'll see that in the video I
don't want to like drag this out for too
long and I hope you guys do enjoy
specially big thumbs up if you guys do
and subscribe down below if you want to
see more like in a week videos the
videos like this also let me know down
in the comments below and whatever I do
I hope you guys enjoy let's get in to
the video good morning everyone welcome
to a day one I have just got the shower
so I getting ready need to do my hair
and stuff and today I'm going out in
public dressed as a whoopie cushion I
definitely need to put some makeup on it
so it's it a bit more acceptable to go
out like this
I need we're not even like anywhere near
Halloween so it's just like I'm gonna
look so so so stupid I really want to
like attract too much attention to
myself so I kind of want to go a bit
more basic on the makeup okay I'm gonna
start getting ready okay
right I'm ready I'm dressing a whoopee
cushion I've just shoved the hair up
like a normally would this is gonna be
the most embarrassing thing I've ever
done
just for your entertainment so really
hope you guys do enjoy this I definitely
know that I will not the slight issue is
it's a little bit big it keeps falling
down anyways we are off to the mall
right now it is boiling I'm double as
hot in this so basically we've been
planning all week to go to the mall and
do we let down one with the pan that's
I'm going as a whoopie cushion so if
you're watching this right now and you
feel just even a little bit sorry for me
make sure you hit a big thumbs up on
this video touch down at the mall you
hear half we are in America though so I
guess anything kind of God
so many weird looks you're ready
obviously care how hard can it be
that lady just asked me to help her
cross the road so cause I did but like
she didn't even blink like if she was
just thrown or more about it I was like
so I was looking at you stuck on the
wording I've ever done if ship isn't
standing there pointing just like wow
right how much is just going his face
outfit as well
governor friends back come to see you
outfit on as well so I'd walk away me
very surprised of it look look what you
can just see her a little one hat over
there honestly think you have enough
makeup
I've got my stuff so now it's time to
burn pay you can ask she was telling me
about she was like
joking about me going then you want to
go to the next shop
wherever in the UK would be what a hell
is sharing yeah family always shocked
out some loving it will relax over a
relaxing chair
you gotta put your money so everyone I
would say that was a very successful
shopping trip I'm going to get all the
bits I wanted to get enacted tonight
everyone was really really really lovely
and funny and you know what I made some
friends today I met new people you know
what I was actually quite shocked to
people's reactions because I thought
they were just gonna be like dirty looks
at stuff actually a forum is really nice
so and on the plus side no one sat on me
day to everyone I am so embarrassed in
what I'm wearing right now because I
look like I'm trying to go out on the
pool get the guys you know in my police
officer costume that isn't even that
cute it's also like too baggy for me so
it doesn't look that great I'm sorry
it's not even like I do look sexy or
cute in it anyways so there's like I'm
really trying and I just don't look
great and I said to my friend Hannah
that I would go out to Starbucks with
him go get a drink and stuff and he
doesn't know that I'm wearing this so
for like he's gonna be like what are you
doing even are these like oh I'm wearing
yeah
okay so everyone's going tan it's not
even that embarrassed he it's just like
so normal about it and I'm like okay
well if you want and I have to be so
it's the first day of October you gotta
go
thank you
huh please lady probably listen I'm
training the fat doesn't actually say
like I feel like I'm getting that church
to tell that actual please wait a minute
just went downhill from there then she
was waiting for a drink bitch colossal
miss me she was literally standing right
next to me knows that okay well this
can't get any more awkward but now I'm
just embracing and now she's gone mm
raised in there I mean everyone has had
a nice lip up and down yep chipping
people have secretly been charged in or
chicken they've been cool with us
good morning everyone I have it just
woke it up and just remembered that I've
got to dress up an another Halloween
costume so as you can see I'm in my
bikini the plans for today was to go out
and some babe you know try and catch
some Sun however I've got to wear this
Cape here this here with this eye mask
and I don't think I'm gonna get the best
tan lines so I don't think I'll be
sunbathing anymore I have no idea what
to do for the rest of the day guess like
a cave lady black widow basically we're
going to a place the Steak and Shake to
go get some like late lunch my Nana's
gonna actually already there they're
meeting us there I'm not sure if it's
because they're slightly embarrassed
that means it will walk in with me or
what it is okay see you soon bye love
you baby they're definitely a little bit
embarrassed but that's okay I would be
to the car next to me the people keep
staring at me like genuinely really
staring me out I don't even want to look
at them for awkward and it's kind of
weird as well cuz I don't even feel like
this office up with it's a big gothic a
but like it's not that weird we are
you know very mysterious
and you see what you're eating
I mean here we go boys and girls if I'm
being honest I don't think the people
here in the UK are gonna react how the
people over in America did I might be
wrong
don't would be stereotypical or anything
but I just don't like we're gonna have
the same reaction going in to eat dogs
now we're gonna go into the
drive-through and get my very own Big
Mac hi there's get a Big Mac and fries
please don't think I guess fine thank
you
wait to rock up in my Big Mac so I can
say girls and boys
thank you let me open up any reaction
there was a massive queue inside which
is basically why have you haven't got a
drive-through but I want to go and
eating in anyway so I'm gonna go eat
outside there's like tons of people
there anyway so it's gonna be a little
bit embarrassing it doesn't even look
like I work for McDonald's which is like
the worst part isn't it cuz I if I
really like work when we're done I'll be
all right
the fact that I literally know like I've
dressed up in a burger outfit for no
literal reason is just weed
don't know why people anything is
normally a burger Alfie and McDonald's I
feel like there's so many people walking
out and staring at me but I do feel like
I'm in my natural habitat so also all
those tables now getting full anyways I
thought like my natural habitat
I'm actually I wasn't but the people are
like staring at me now honestly I think
I love this place is this burger cheers
to that
oh it's because you look like a
burger they're all around our stuff
alright you trying to pick you telling
all the birds me
I am a won a stuffed burger right now
honestly I'm glad there's space in this
burger see I've never eaten a whole big
fat before so there's that fill crate
got loads of station hello everyone and
welcome at to the very last day is day
five and I am absolutely dreading
today's outfit because I feel like I'm
going to scare little kids and it's just
really embarrassing it's like what am i
doing
I'm going as Chucky this is so whip you
know what I kind of liked I mean I don't
like the way that is caught and it
doesn't stupid because if you see in
real life it's so shiny it's the most
obvious and weak you've ever seen in
your entire life but I don't like the
right hair I feel like I kind of want to
get it and rock it this is my trucking
outfit love it look we're big again but
yeah we're just gonna go with it and I'm
really gutted as well because this
search shows red socks and the packet
and I think get any Red Sox food sucks
so I just had to put my matching bound
John what did I do our food shop so I
have to come with her looking like this
I'm already getting so many says would
you have you gone yet it's quite a sunny
day I feel like the sun's beaming on my
hair
you think I'm gonna punt them
I'm getting some sterile
to get this reaction or camera but like
honestly I spent so we get this but I'm
gonna be everyone's just taking double
date
basically we just set up shop in in
answer and my mostly chat to a friend
like an hour so I thought I would come
out because like bored as hell most on
the web would come out and go let's try
and get past this car and get some fresh
air I mean I love brightness I was going
to say actually I haven't got any weeds
there's or anything but there you go I
just got home tap so there's that
whatsoever water there is the end of the
video already hope you guys did enjoy is
actually crazy to think how much style
actually affects your confidence and
like clothes in general like I just felt
so unconfident in the outfit I went out
in because obviously it's not something
coverage usually wear and I think
anything that I normally wouldn't wear I
would fall really unconfident in but
yeah I hope you guys did enjoy the video
don't forget to hit a big thumbs up
subscribe down below and hopefully I'll
see you guys very very very soon mwah
bye
