hi everyone and welcome back to my
channel today I'm with my mom gonna be
doing it they never have I ever dirty
and extreme I don't go a bit out there
guys it's good and though of teenage
girls don't always talk to their mom
about you know boyfriends and
relationships and all kind of stuff like
that
I taught you all quite a bit you about
don't see it extreme so okay wanna be
that dirty but a different kind of level
not really a normal never have I ever
faced some like relationships and blue
trains and that's up top I'm super
excited how do you 32 I think you all
enjoyed this video if you do please
smash a big thumbs up and also subscribe
down below if you guys happen already
are the og tweet our over on my Twitter
cuz that's what you do want to tell you
to tell I tweeted asking you guys have
questions and these are the questions
that you guys to me
yeah let's get into the video number one
never have I ever snuck somebody into my
house I tell me do what up kid oh yeah
dad my bedroom you have to comment in
the front door you find the wait in the
lounge and through to another room and
it had like a back door on it you can
actually go around the back of the
garden I know I have at least enough
people into my house but only actually
once and when my dad's woke up like I
don't know where he was going he woke up
a ridiculously early and I would about
you told my parents that they was coming
over to stay but my parents were asleep
at the timer it was like 2 a.m. or
something and my friends have been out
and they were like drunk or whatever
yeah no no I was an hour telling em I
was at home and so I just knocked the
back in my house said oh yes leap from
the lounge and there was like four
different people my dad woke up in the
morning but MIT doesn't even know these
friends walks into the lounge before I
had even woken up it was like whoo it's
in our house right now about the house
never have I ever lied to my parents
about meeting my friend when I was
actually meeting a boy I liked I have it
was that boy mom who was that around
should I pray if I would meet to
somebody for the first time I've dated
over time yeah I think I'll take me in a
frame really
this is sometimes like spoken to for a
long time I yeah you probably were to
Cooper I just did what any questions you
would do I think how your parents a lot
of stuff but that made me don't just
because there you ask you every single
thing like things that you wouldn't even
know about them yourself they somehow
happier than the others that I've ever
seen never have I ever lied about my age
I have something I have to ever see you
so have lied about your age all right
young yelled yeah I think everybody like
even when you go to the cinema and
you're 14 and try to get into a 15 movie
like it's just know things like that I
feel like people have to live up there
hmm
there's pretty girls yeah that was I
know you boys do so much but I think
those try and be older when you're young
yeah when you're old you was trying to
younger it's just not I have our dislike
each other's boyfriends like any
boyfriends we have helped me ever in
Rome I know
I don't I don't really sometimes but I
passed like that however just like that
ya know I happen that's good have I
chosen them wisely give up you're not
with anyone there was one thing I didn't
like for a while but he made up for it
so he's okay oh yeah that was such a
long time ago yeah yeah yeah never have
I ever loved two people at the same time
not yeah like lovers in like a
relationship wise see I think at one
point I thought I love somebody else I
thought I love two people at one time
but I don't actually think I did but I
felt like I didn't know how obviously no
I would never do one and you for what
using over something else
look come on you dog but then I really
don't seem right here
why is he sick why not miss no moment
she left someone else I thought I did
but I didn't so it was all good how are
you not vanilla
I know ever really loved that many
people in my life that's I mean like I
thought I did you mean young and you
thought you did yeah yeah no no no no I
think you definitely have okay no we
both haven't divorced
worn the same underwear for a week Oh
yeah okay but whilst kissing somebody I
have done it with me not been a second
date but it's just gusting anyway but it
will be my fault I never see em again
either
Jennifer mum's thoughts if anybody was
to date my mom even they just happily
married right just don't be mad but
never have I ever kissed my ex-boyfriend
never never ever ever never no
you have no way yeah when wage boom what
117 yeah so not after that a lot on the
guy's a nice about 16 never have I ever
farted shop on the first day I huh
come on yeah I think it's deadly let one
slip and there's nothing you can do
about it what I do think if there was
somebody that we liked
actually I've gone on a date before and
somebody I liked thought it and I just
think you know at the end of the day
even though the apps it just reek right
now the end of the day everyone's bar
that's not me know me like that no yeah
but you forward to just watch yeah it
was turned you away oh yeah that's fine
I brought up on myself
you don't mean to fall that's know and
you don't know no no you don't if you
lose on the first day and you didn't
have the choice to fight you wouldn't
fire but you let one slip by accident is
that they come on but walk out the room
and do it I have farted and then like
this smell never have I ever what into
somebody on the toilet I definitely have
in fact only the other day and I nearly
got it on my vlogging channel right I
was literally blocking and stopped it
just so that went into the toilet
because I was so shocked this woman was
so drunk on the toilet right open yes
that bowling with my mates right and the
door was just wide open and she goes sue
me and like a stop light little sorry
voice and I thinking she didn't didn't
tried to put off a trousers she just sat
there and still went for a number two I
don't think I've ever heard anyone
remember but someone has walked in on me
before uh I know I was naked in a mall
why was you naked in the toilet that's
really good
I just I'm going away I didn't realize
I've actually gone into the men's as
well and I had casein case is about four
and he was running around and he came
into the toilet with me and I had that
all in one on like a bodysuit
so I took the bodysuit down and sat on
the toilets and literally didn't have a
problem anything it's like a tights or
thing so I just literally had all my
photos are mine called Casey open the
door run out I wait just stay there
Casey stay then I left the door ajar
I would you leave it open it was close
but it was just not come back and a man
walked in the door and I was sitting
there my god unleash me I just felt the
colour rise in my whole body
and I just thought oh my god literally I
just want to die right now it's awful
never have I ever dreamt about somebody
else whilst in a relationship a lot of
people can definitely relate to there's
like these you can tree help what's in
your dreams like yeah you want to be
around by simulation shit you know I
mean I mean yeah I have yeah let me know
down below they leave like everybody can
relate to that and everybody definitely
happy never have I ever walked in on
somebody having you know what no you
don't know what I know what so you can
just guess what I have today
dominate never have I ever fancied a
teacher I don't actually really fancy
cheap shot so I'm actually gonna say no
I happened and I've kind of wanted to
but I never actually have never have I
ever stolen anything I don't know I've
never really wanted to steal anything I
thought I could knock somebody else's
then why should I have the right to take
it and I just never have stolen anything
I told him somebody asked to get myself
out of trouble
now definitely not friends I'm really
not a stitch and I'm I am quite honest
person but I'm definitely not a snitch
the only time I've ever already crossed
anybody up just kind of say I have the
sound book a bit of a few one is like
Carol Casey which are my brothers but
I'm not that's alright
I thought that's sibling love but like
every sibling does that if you have a
sibling you've definitely brought him up
at some point yeah but that doesn't
really count so I probably say no I
haven't so there you go guys I hope you
all enjoyed the video it was I don't
know if I know but to learn a little bit
more about each other I hope you enjoyed
if you did please smash a big thumbs up
and also subscribe down below if you
guys haven't already
also be sure to go check out my daily
pocket tunnel to go see the behind the
scenes of this video with my mother
but yes mom what we're gonna do now
you're gonna love and leave them we're
gonna love and leave you guys I love
your supposes lesson so so much
and hopefully we will see you Mary oh
and don't even know it oh come on you
don't even know what to say
I'd hopefully we will see you very very
very soon bye
