well the bad guys now for today's video
I'm going to listing things up a little
bit gay I'm applying a full face of food
to my face I don't know how this became
a thing but today I'm doing it because
firstly I love food and secondly I love
makeup and thirdly and doing it for your
entertainment right now but this could
be a new thing food it could be the new
makeup I might be slightly nervous for
this slightly concerned about what I'm
doing but at the same time I'm so
excited and well so it's all good if you
guys enjoyed them peace message a big
thumbs up I'm sure their authority of
you guys watching this right now do love
food and probably do love makeup as well
and if you don't and you're probably
watching the wrong video right now so
for those of you that do I hope you all
enjoyed subscribe down below if you guys
haven't already and let's get into this
video
wish me luck the first thing that I'm
going to be applying to my face is
peanut butter oh I really dislike the
smell of peanut butter for having it on
my face I'm kind of dreading guys I hope
you're ready for this
what the heck why is this bit whiter why
is that white oh my goodness this is
supposed to be smooth I'd say it's a lot
bad I mean it's a little bit lumpy but I
thought because it was like I
specifically bought smooth peanut butter
so I thought it would be like super
super super smooth and I deliberately
picked no the oiliest part of the peanut
butter as well but I'm not even gonna
lie that actually looks right I've also
to be honest men isn't bothering me as
much so so it would like I thought I
would be literally cringing at the smell
because I hate it so much
okay I'm going to get another big wallet
okay this is going a little bit clumpy
err I'm not entirely sure why oh I think
because I haven't really picked the
allyou part of the peanut butter that is
come up a lot thicker and it's harder to
apply to my face right now I just feel
like I have the most disgusting face
mask on my face my face feels so so
sticky like sticky that it hurts and
also you know when you get a face mask
like after a while its
like tightening your skin that's like
crumbling up but it has applied a lot
better than I thought it would
however I feel like the more that I
actually brush on the clumpy or it gets
and it starts actually removing the
peanut butter I'm going to try and blend
into my neck because that's exactly what
we do by foundation I feel like I
actually look like Simpson right now so
there you guys have it there is the
foundation done even if this was a thing
even it just looks good and it was
really affordable and it costs the same
price as a big jar of peanut butter I
would never wear this on my face because
my face literally feels like cake right
now like it just rose absolutely
horrible and changing hush now I like to
get a go with concealer so obviously I'm
going to be using CR to highlight my
skin I'm literally going to be applying
marjorine exactly how I would be
applying concealer it doesn't even show
it up in the most closest like you know
whitish thing but it just literally
looks like oil because it's butter and
it's already melting on my face oh my
god it actually feels really great see
like this does not so nice okay so I've
applied it everywhere now I'm just doing
another triangle underneath this eye is
actually where I would apply my
concealer again I thought I just applied
a lot better than I thought it would do
because I thought you were just great
clumpy and my oldest I don't know it
fits together it's kind of like what
food does I guess tomorrow I'm going to
have like a massive breakdown or
probably be like why did I do this video
I don't know so to everybody that does
follow my vlogging channel I apologize
in advance because I know tomorrow I'm
going to be like crying about a
breakdown or in fact because this videos
going up after but everybody they did
see me cry about a breakdown about my
skin this would be wise now a foundation
and concealer is done and sick or we
know I was going to go straight into
quad core but actually I feel like I
should going with flour I haven't got
flour so I need to go grab some now I am
buzzing for this because I owning it
remembers that I have to set my face
pretty much about everyday basis I set
my face and I feel like today I
definitely need to because my face for
so greasy right now today I'm going to
be baking my face
white bread flour which is actually kind
of ironic because I'm actually going to
using bacon ingredients to make my face
I have no easy way to do this so I'm
literally just going to keep my powder
brush inside and just give it a wiggle
as it comes out and just basically hope
for the best
oh you know what even though this is
causing loads of mess like I've got so
much on my lap right now I genuinely
feel like this could be a thing this
actually makes my skin feel so much
nicer right so I'm just going to carry
on blending that in but yeah I mean it's
definitely made my skin for a lot less
greasy I thought I get food and makeup
was a thing detectives could gonna work
it's just basically soaked up the oil
which is good because that means that
the other ingredients that go on top I
swear that would sit a lot better now
now that family is time to actually
going with contour and actually get some
shape to my face now I'm actually going
to be using hot chocolate powder I was
like really onin are in for such a long
time between this and gravy granules it
definitely made a good choice because
the color of this I feel like is a
really good color for contouring my face
with so high five saffron the only thing
I'm slightly concerned about so don't
think the powder is going to stick so
I'm going to apply some just underneath
my cheekbone some on my jawline I'm
actually taking this quite seriously
because I do like to be really what this
to look good I feel like contouring is a
game-changer so this is a good luck I've
only got this tiny brush to blend it in
with so I feel my all to blame the
brushes as much as I but I'm going to
blame the food for this definitely not
rubbing in and I'm kind of starting to
feel more like a rugby player this is
not good luck no why is not blending I
think it was it's so sick on my face I
honestly completely taken off my entire
bronzer on my forehead where I've tried
blending it in so much lishus like
pretty clear where my cheap ways are now
guys and got a sharp jawline they're all
blusher I'm thinking
strawberry jam so I'm so cringy and a
little bit creepy as well right I have
got quite a lot on here and my brush
actually looks disgusting right now it's
tough some of my cheekbones look it's
giving me a little bit of color positive
thinking guys I actually like this
trembling get around yes this is
actually given a really nice blush to my
skin however I think I might apply to
mark to Bart I actually like the little
bit can a girl have too much blush yes
this is it I don't put on so much
revenge but to be fair I think this has
been the best thing so far I would say
I'm about halfway through my face right
now guys the one thing I believe you can
not have enough of is highlighter so
I've actually got vanilla sugar so I'm
gonna start applying it to the top of my
cheekbones yes girl this acne has that
quite a lot of shimmer in it I'm also
going to apply some on the other cheek
bone this again doesn't feel too good
one thing I definitely do know with this
is that when I dentally get the chance
to wash all of this off it's going to
double up as a good exfoliant hour for
eyeshadows I thought I'd kind of go out
my comfort zone and use something a
little bit brighter and colorful so I
mean you guys know I love to use pink on
my eyes but as well as a painter I've
also got some yellow orange got some
purple and blue now I think I'm going to
go with orange because if I like is
really going to stand out and give like
a nice dramatic look I kind of want like
a cut crease so I might like orange on
the bottom and then maybe I think um I
do yellow at the top so give it a go
I literally just going to put this this
Isis really hard to get out actually
cannot do this I'm going to apply it so
many ice into my brush I'm going to
start by doing the base of my eyelid I'm
hoping just sticks well enough so
hood-like too sticky that it won't stick
and now both the base of my eye is done
and
you're going to be going in with the
yellow and doing the cut crease
these are excited for I wonder if the
yellow actually show that though because
you know is a really hard color to get
like a really strong pigment in but I'm
hoping because I think it should work
oh that is cool that's like mine now for
the luminous yellow wow that is so cool
that is the best guide Green's I've
definitely ever done I'm actually loving
my eyes right now because it's so
different to the normal makeup that I
always wear almost fades and it's very
out there and today I just felt like I
would go for that look so when you guys
see what I'm about to pile when lips
then that is what you call out there
like I am so excited for that but yeah I
mean the eyes I love the ante applies
really easily to our eyes as well which
is always kind of good so with the NYX
that also thought I would go extreme and
go for multi color lips now demo here we
apply in hundreds and thousands on
sprinkles on my lips and intellectually
the last set to my full face of food so
I thought this is definitely going to
finish it off yeah I really don't know
how this is going to work but let's give
this a go so I'm going to get somebody
margarine put it on my lip oh I do
that's actually way too much I really
don't want to be tasting that marjorine
okay so I think I just need my cast in
there just to make it you know sticky
and wet marjorine step one complete now
let's go on with the sprinkles right I
thought this is going to be a so it's
going to be good way to get ready for
this topping ready
oh my goodness bizarre gee I actually
genuinely think I walk out the house of
these lips this is genuinely the next
fancy dress I'm wearing this that
actually looks so called
before this not going to lie I try to
like you know feel good about myself it
was going well but now I feel like this
look is something else what so guys that
is it handled
oh I'm like blurting sprinkles that is
the end of the video I hope you all
enjoyed I feel like this video and got a
little bit Metheny kind of went a little
bit wrong but towards the end I kind of
you know built it up and created
something absolutely wonderful as you
can see on my face right now going maybe
many of you guys do actually get the
challenge of Reno Eva Marie crater but
making your own full face of food they
make you catch me on all my social media
because honestly it would entertain me
like you have no idea if this so yes
that's it for me and hopefully I'll see
you all very very soon mwah bye
