hello everyone welcome back to my
channel so today is a little bit
different recently I feel like I've been
so manic and so like all over the place
I've been doing so many like different
challenges and some of my channel 24
hour videos I know that you guys flippin
love them so I've really really really
been enjoying making content like that
however it's actually quite nice like
sit back down on my bed and just you
know sit on our camera and film we're
like really weird because I basically
have like hardly any makeup on as well
which is just weird for me because I've
never already done that on my channel
before even if it looks like it I
actually have a knife then it got your
makeup on so grimy
I'm also feeling very extra because look
I've got my autumn car and it's so cute
and yes this was a dollar from the
dollar store so you're gonna see that
none of it as well guys up for that but
anyway yes so today's the video I'm
gonna be answering your assumptions and
let me tell you there's a lot of things
I didn't know about myself and actually
some of the things that you guys have
assumed about me you've really have made
me giggle and some of them have really
shocked me and an over I've just been a
bit surprised but honestly actually I'm
so excited to do this video because also
where I've been doing these 24 hour
videos and stuff I haven't been able to
vlog as much which is kind of sucks it
like I kind of after like balance of
what I want to do but because of that I
feel like I haven't really spoken to you
guys and I'm wild it's kind of like
getting to know each other a bit more
and answering things that maybe I won't
have answered a couple of years ago or
whatever for now I feel like it's time
to actually ask them get the truth out
whatever that maybe there are some
questions I don't really want to answer
but because there's so many of them I'm
just gonna go in and quickly answer them
for you and yeah there's that so if you
guys do enjoy videos like this where you
guys get to know me or more of like a
personal level then I don't get a big
thumbs up and subscribe down below and
without further ado let's get into the
video you had faith friends in the past
because of the success on your channel
this is actually true I have had faith
friends in the past because of this I
think I'm just naturally quite gullible
i befriend people like quite quickly
like followers is such a big thing
nowadays everyone wants followers and
some people just
go that step too far and use people for
followers which kind of sucks yeah I
guess it's kind of my fault as well for
just coming so close to someone so
quickly and thinking they're amazing
they're this and then that one they're
not this has happened but it hasn't like
massively affected me because I have my
friends I have my family that don't care
how many followers I have or subscribers
or numbers or anything like that they
just love me for me I guess is
essentially so funny because I've had so
many people assume this about me he used
to be popular at school now I definitely
wouldn't say that I was like a really
unpopular kid or anything like that like
I had a lot of friends and I guess you
could say that I was in the popular
group whatever you want to call it I
don't know but I definitely wouldn't say
I was like the most popular I anything
like that and just have one friendship
group I kind of had a couple so I would
kind of go around with my friends who
were lovely and all such wise people who
was in this group which you could call
the popular group but then I also had so
many friends in different groups and
stuff so I was never really particularly
in one group and although I had loads
and loads of friends within school I
still definitely had my fair share sense
of like getting picked on and bullied
and stuff I wouldn't really say got
bullied before I even started youtube I
was doing singing and that was like a
big deal to a lot of people I'm right
after sure why I think it's just cuz I
was doing something different I kind of
wanted I've always wanted to do
something with my life and everyone was
just kind of just studying at school but
I didn't just want to study at school I
wanted to kind of do something outside
of school so it was quite a big thing I
guess people just hate other people
being different which is sucks just
doing singing and I got picked on
because of that and then then I would
see outside YouTube when I was in school
as well it definitely wasn't bullying
but there would just be like comments
now and there I actually remember this
one day really clearly so is when I
first started YouTube obviously I was in
school and I wanted to get letters of
support and stuff that didn't really
happen first people didn't really talk
about it and then suddenly there was
just like picking a lot little
snickering and stuff and it's weird
because as my channel got bigger I
actually got a lot more support which I
guess you kind of expect people kind of
liked you more whatever it's the same
thing with like followers and fake
people bla bla bla I never forget like I
hate people like that but anyway so I
remember this day so well when I was
sitting in class and like the two
bullies of the year or whatever you want
to call it
they were just like I just filmed a
what's in my schoolbag video and it's
one of my first videos I was really
happy about it got to school and
actually it was really nervous to fill
it up and I remember like one of them
would be like Oh Jade what have you got
in your bag and the other one would
answer like it was just like really
petty little stuff and it kind of made
me feel like crap and I felt a bit
awkward and yeah Jeremy know what to do
really
and there's that but other than that I
did actually have loads of friends in
school and I was quite popular in school
but I definitely one sounds like the
most popular girl whatever you are
self-conscious about your figure my body
is actually my biggest insecurity and I
think a lot of people do know that um
maybe they don't I don't know because I
think I do talk a lot about how the
lifestyle all the time actually I can
run my vlogs and stuff because obviously
I'm just filming my everyday and that's
just kind of what I'm doing every day
I'm always at the gym and actually at
the moment I'm currently in training so
this isn't just my figure it's actually
like more like my entire body from the
inside out
there are things I do want to change
about my body and slowly that will
happen but I'm not too obsessive with it
it's not like something that I plays on
my mind every single day it's more like
I want to get fit as well especially
because I'm in training I go to the gym
so much and I workout so much because I
want to see how much I can push myself
and kind of achieve a different sort of
go and it's healthy to be that way and I
think a lot of people think that I don't
ever ever ever eat unhealthy which is
definitely definitely not true I do
treat myself all the time but it's just
that I want to have a healthy body from
the inside as well as the outside and
yet obviously there is things I do want
to change about my body and I wouldn't
deny that but I feel like a lot of
people I mean no one's ever really happy
with what they've got I know they should
be and I tried to be but I'm not nice a
truth of it Sorachi this is definitely
my most are and assumption you're not
virgin and honestly no I'm not I had a
boyfriend for two years so so I guess
that makes me not a virgin most people
who have been in a relationship for two
years probably on either but if you are
obviously that's fine I just felt like
the time was right at the time it wasn't
like a one-night stand or anything which
again is totally
but for me I was in a relationship and
it just felt right and I definitely
don't regret anything and that's it
basically there's the most asked
question you pay your mama to work for
you and again this actually is true
obviously when I first started doing
YouTube and stuff it was on a lot
smaller scale or than where YouTube
started growing and growing and stuff I
started having management and stuff like
that and I needed to have more than just
me and I needed to kind of have like a
team and stuff work for me and basically
my mom would help me out she's got all
my life when I was doing singing it's
tough before as well she was like
basically like a manager because she was
there with the time she's like basically
my mom thought my second brain and I
just don't get on all the time we also
do argue and stuff as well but we do get
on cheers on my bestest friend yeah she
would help me out more and more and more
and it meant that actually she couldn't
work because she would be going to
London with me and doing things for me
and I brought my merchandise and I
wanted to hire someone to help me
obviously sell my merchandise and stuff
because obviously that's like I could
not do that because that takes up pretty
much every hour of every single day
because you guys are amazing and the
merch was amazing and so my mum ended up
basically take loads of that giant if
you have any problems of your much blame
my mouth
no kidding well no no no but I kind of
like to call it more like she works with
me rather than for me because obviously
she helps me out so much you have a
boyfriend but you're not telling us this
actually sadly isn't true wait no it
isn't yeah I was getting so confusing I
don't have a boyfriend
loads of people think that I have a
boyfriend I don't have a boyfriend I
also get off the question and actually
there's another one that says I asked
you if you had a boyfriend you wouldn't
tell her and that's actually a really
difficult question because I know that I
definitely would tell you guys and I'm
always always always honest and if I got
asked I would never lie about it I think
if I was to get into our relationship
now because my last relationship was so
public I would probably wait until I
thought like the time is right not just
for myself but also for their sake as
well because to be just put into the
public eye is just completely different
so I would tell you by I guess it you
just like way over time and stuff for
now I don't have a boyfriend to
basically sign me up but because so many
keep thinking that I do and stuff like
that and people keep thinking that I'm
seeing someone or whatever there is
actually a guy that I like and I kept it
on a few days and stuff with him but
it's like so holidays and we're not
girlfriend and boyfriend
but is he if I had a boyfriend I
genuinely think you guys would find out
before I would there's a question I kind
of really don't want to answer only just
because it was so long ago now but again
it's actually my one of the most asked
questions I get asked this all the time
and I think a lot of people do know but
they just never really heard me saying
I'm never like officially said it I kind
of mentioned it within my book and stuff
so if you've read my book then maybe
then maybe you would have kind of known
from that but it was so public that
basically everyone knew anyway basically
it was Jay cheated on you and yeah he
did but it was so long ago I never
actually really said it because I never
really felt like I needed to I never
wanted to make it worse than it already
was it was such like a bad time in my
life and I think actually such a bad
time in his life as well because
obviously I mean it sucks obviously that
happened into someone anyways but
obviously it'd been so public and so
many people having opinions and stuff
like that it was just really really hard
I didn't really want anyone to hate on
him at the time because it didn't
exactly been I mean I got a lot of
support which is really lovely people
hating on him at the time like didn't
make me feel any better and it still
doesn't now to this day yeah as I said
it was so long ago now and actually he
is actually a nice guy so yeah I think
it's just gonna you know like brush it
under the bed and move on because I know
that we both have you get called fake a
lot and actually I do by the people that
I'm not actually friends with the reason
I'm probably not friends with them is
because I don't want to be fake and be
friends with them so it's actually
really ironic because it's almost like
the people that are calling me fake
actually so fake themselves that I don't
want to be friends with them because I'm
kind of like trying to be true to myself
and be real to myself and be friends
with who are actually my friends yeah
there's that so the people that call
fake by don't really know me you and
Anna never have arguments and actually
this is true I don't think I've ever
argued with Anna and if I if I ever did
like I think it'd be so weird it won't
be so we cuz we never have anything to
argue about we're really truthful with
each other and I
I think that's actually what makes us
such good friends because of that and
we're really honest and stuff like that
so yeah we've never argued lucky and I
hope to this day that we still don't I
this mom doesn't like you because you
never go around Anna's house honestly
like things like this really baffle me
and these actually the more annoying
things it's like oh my god Julie I think
pretty certain from what I know she does
like me and actually I love Anna's mom
so much she's such a cutie I don't go
around islands as much as she comes
around here only just because there's
more to do in Brighton and it's not
because I don't want to it's because
Anna wants to come here so that's just
how it is I guess so everyone if there
is the end of the video and I really
hope you guys enjoy and hopefully kind
of got like a bit more personal and
stuff and if you ever want to see a part
two of any video like there then
obviously let me know down in the
comments below a big thumbs up and
subscribe down below and go and check
out my blogs and stuff as well yeah it's
actually quite nice to be like a bit
more open and stuff because I try and be
as open as I can on YouTube but I guess
I haven't answered a lot of the
questions I've been so so so are so now
I was like you know what it's time have
nothing to you I hope you guys did enjoy
and hopefully I'll see you all very very
very soon mwah bye
