one coming allow me day I'm in New York
right now what the hell is your painting
with so yeah this isn't ready oh wow
listen New York Knicks never seen a
possible day I die
I come from England today they are happy
to a possible game quickly I said I
remember situation that was a CD or next
episode of creepy places so because
notifies local party you've open domains
oh right no I always man I hate De Niro
powerful panel don't have a Latino CR
and today we are going to be testing
white hot mess DIY so I invited for this
I've got enough yeah I do I really
really covered in like ready for it I
feel like oh my god door opens video
actually go ready guys enjoy if you
because I see some bubbles subscribe
down below if you guys have already over
there we go to kind of similar videos on
any channel with more that we did Beauty
accent like we tested like so weirdest
ones we could find like one of them we
literally contour with a shoe here into
that send it out a dozen times you guys
can go to help
photo reduce and get it this is what
this one is so much fun to solve this is
a crazy DIY now hey guys look what comes
in and we also have Crayola now on how
students everywhere at intervals whoa
but oh okay so already we have pickup
writers all of these all of our campuses
and then we get hairdryer I love it and
it's supposed to cure it
and what other great health long back
yeah right sweetie sitting there Phil
yeah yeah everything written but why is
it going to drive you like one of us
together display another and see this
all these dry okay yeah they're really
smooth oh right yeah and that was so
like we need to call a glob order on
paper and you just leave it on no I
think you can use it on okay is that if
you just pull them off up and so much as
no that wouldn't even be worth it okay
guys so look I currently just like a
lined up all my colors is going strong I
thought that would look so sick if it
actually works you know go for it yeah
okay so we're just gonna believe how
much glue I need what's really good
you can ask cool okay Gary that's going
to be the tedious yeah no this is good
act like it's gonna take quite a long
time though I'm kind of nervous uses
include thank you John really I use them
for everything yeah they're like three
or four dollars from home I have a like
cordless one that you can make move
around and it's so nice really
Yeah right and crystal we dare and shall
be your yoga we try to keep those
different nd now I'm going to work like
a picture
I drove any radical bottom so much
blacker it makes so much mess I notice
that it's so sick as well it always just
like coming off as well yeah it took a
long time and they all have very little
to do with always the bottom yeah I
always see how would you did until I was
there about 15 20 minutes funny and one
by each one yeah I always start here 40
minutes yeah I was really surprised how
much is black like yeah no idea and also
see creditors no one's E power L made it
will not be kind of a bargain so easy
yeah perfect
I can have it up I really wanted to like
it anyway this is my hat would be
incredible Oh boss no be kind of show
Mike the reason is when I thought it
would be genius to the job so hurry
because we're now going factory you
cannot be used triple-a batteries and
tin foil and I still walk now I don't
know generally going to be mine globe if
it does what in my house
we are always putting out coming decades
of these life is it's going to be crazy
so you tell us but I feel like it it's
also this is give it a go so I just want
the controller to asking II don't like a
free spot underneath off baby
okay no
- yes I know that
so I go to many factories I'm going to
put beet and Scott uses Ella and squat
simple or my hopefully it should what
didn't you take the doll a duckies out
and now I'm going to put the trivet back
again without sauce too small and then
I'm going to crap boy why is - voiceover
stop it well this one I do not even
touch and he like the tiniest they're
hardly search and if it's granted a
little ball up here and then I'm just
making to the back of the controller
okay I think think think
reel it really come on guys we got there
okay oh here we go through no wait yeah
my blows nose is crazy nice yeah I
thought me out so much
I declare my jungle one block takes the
double is actually up every remote
forehead for and it's so freaking
annoying we always up your blade and the
boom yes
Hanuman none of you I have numbers to in
apparently you get banana and acting
wonderful hair and then the hair dryer
all that these are cool air or man
Renata your hair apparently you get a
nice beach way because all those
different
once in a while but the other disease
compromise I hope it dress okay so we
grab a plain piece of hair and giggle it
honor which by the way was a company
when I hold my breath but if you
ladies and blows it up so much no you're
already come back we're the Aqua Net
right I don't hope today but this gas
and then roll yeah okay you're
around you it comes in ready for the day
yeah like Jory like big one how it like
you went out to buy pounding cause
they'll be amazing because I when it did
what it ruins of bananas and hairdryer
pretty cool at go ahead let's do it wait
so I use my hairdryer yeah okay I'm
rollin Penny's gonna blow dry my head 10
seconds with the bonaga and I'm going to
the stage the end through slowly I add
of the cold setting
ready for a new yo my bag yeah I'm not
doing this like that's my area hating us
guys will do this right so nice
let's go oh yeah I wouldn't defile you
God please eat the bananas and now Abel
yeah but I was doing your hair now again
another one I am so excited for this is
a quote this one was like insane my god
but again I haven't thought about it
many times yet as you guys can see what
a bitch no bitch Indian liberal we
talked to Marty because talking to you
go uncle for the next day music he was a
speaker so I mean mono always been for
today so I need interstellar ah it's
gonna make a hell right office but
because alright so pretty yeah I know I
love the color so we're sticking in four
different pins to make the stand so this
will give it like some more structured I
guess and it looks cute you should see
it whoa cuz our yeah oh my god that's
good yes Aleta
please kind of work so obviously not
gonna be like UPS all right
but it does make you know well I really
hope people haven't done it yet you have
a son crane and you need to have to make
it a little bit older so subscribe to me
I'm getting some well I'm actually I
hope you guys enjoyed it clear it was
different
yeah it is because the were some
computer and I think a lot of is
expecting looked my life like yeah I
feel badly about you want I'm so
surprised a lot and ice exactly right so
you guys enjoyed this video
maybe some pecans almonds guys on the
way if you guys have already all these
go subscribe hey travel again I may be
gamblers go to classes and more beer
video yeah I hope you guys enjoyed and
happy SEO very everything Wow
