hello everyone and welcome back to my
channel now I know a lot of you who do
follow my blogs will know that right now
I'm in sunny Florida aka my favorite
place on the entire earth
so I'm here for like a family kind of
like vacay kind of thing however on my
blogs and stuff loads and loads of those
comments have been why haven't you been
with Tana where's tanner
so for a lot of you guys do know Hannah
is like one of my ex-boyfriends and he
lives out here in Florida I have been
hiding from him that is where he hasn't
been in the block because I am going to
hide in his house surprise him his
parents in on it but hopefully give him
the shock of his life
so everyone it's pretty early in the
morning right now I haven't been up very
long at all you know what Tana might
even still be in bed I delivered he got
up quite early yeah I'm excited to go
and see what his life has always been
artsy you know what I've been missing
out on so yeah I'm pretty excited I'm
gonna go head over there now don't
forget you a big thumbs up if you guys
enjoy this video subscribe down below go
and subscribe to my vlog in Channel I
also leave canons and channel down below
as well
without further ado let's get into it oh
my goodness okay so I am at Tanner's
house right now standing outside so cool
they have all of these Halloween
decorations out already so I need to go
in I need to wait for his parents after
you let me into either his dad
you know where everything is like yeah I
think his home base tennis name is oh my
god
because clearly you could disguise
that's changed
I don't know what his work is to know
what I'm just gonna give up myself
imagine he comes in here but it becomes
in indicate he's gone
so have I been in here maybe my my my
terabyte Obama's as soon as he does wake
up but maybe wait I'm so
oh my god I'm sorry Ava's
imagine if you broke the whole thing
so either I stay in here and probably
get cold I have to make the biggest
Runner of my life I know that his
brother didn't miss install apache2
wrong I'm actually pretty scared see the
couches made some really weird he's just
gonna
is the bathroom this
I didn't waste
that's his brothers didn't
how did you know Amy okay what minutes
brother's bedroom but it sounds like you
can either it sounds like you spent the
shower on okay so no I mean its birth
you can hear the showers of would
suffice imagine he's not gonna be an
hour long side you need to be kind of
fast um I thought it'd be kind of funny
if I don't say wait like make his bed is
unpaid
you happened to meet up being like I'm
already freaked out
sorry is bad I say he's been in the
shower for like 20 minutes I would you
difficult weeping I'm just kidding is
gonna come out anyway minutes I'm gonna
head back into his father's room
so at this point nobody should want to
do sucking his brother's farm on his bed
just Jimmy and not really doing much
turns do in the shower
why he sounds like the shelves turned
off it's like I don't know I don't want
to open this door because I don't know
they left he stepped out the shower or
not yeah and they'll just be awful so
I'm just literally waiting here um I
don't really want to
I tried like three quietly open this
door
he's dead of the show the show showers
of guys I'll take
like ice skate
morning that's what my crap I'm actually
gonna go to work early because I need to
leave work early a lot to edit okay hey
you don't think cell phones in town
you know and oh I think we're she wasn't
all that done oh I think she's closed
her she didn't text me or anything like
I think she was alright see you later
why am I even whispering I know what's
in it so have it just got Donna's room
alone my mind should go to the whole
house because every single person is out
right now so I don't really know what to
do myself
however I've come to realize I've been
playing around in Tanner's room and I'm
not even kidding you he has this remote
and everything it's like it's like he
has his own club in his bedroom it's
kind of like the coolest thing ever look
I've been like so confused I'm like I
swear I don't remember this and you've
got this as well it's just like life of
the party
what the house of myself don't really
know what to do I mean I don't have a
pool at home so I guess I could you know
chill in the pool have a bit of a swim
they have a hot tub over here like a
freaking hot tub so I might even go in
the hot tub I don't know I mean this is
also different as well from when I last
saw it they've got all of this patio
area and it's so cool so yeah I've got
this pretty cool back garden to myself
there's a lake over there which is
pretty cool I actually seriously want to
get in this hot tub like yes please so
the guy said to make myself at home so I
thought I may as well not be rude me is
what I do exactly laughs I'm gonna grab
myself something to drink my shuttle
water trip itself I'm gonna head down to
the hot tub so I'm gonna make myself at
home again the hot tub take my kid off
and game
I'm in the hot tub maybe like what 45
minutes I am boiling elbow because as
you can see the Sun is out so if you
don't want to go out and catch some rain
I'm beginning to wish I did for much
makeup on now because I'm sweating it
all off anyways and we're gonna correct
by the end of this video anyways you
know I've actually quite enjoyed myself
today
it's being quite chilled quite nice so
I'm it's probably a couple of hours
later as I last vlog but I've been
helping and this is Hannah's dad by the
way so hello and tell his dad dawn I've
been helping him just clean out the pool
and stuff basically
apparently Tanner suspected to be home
soon right but like I'm freaking out
because I keep looking for the door I'm
like no but boy he comes back sooner we
need to find somewhere for me to hide
does like you got plenty of time I need
to get home and stir everything but I
just I keep looking for the door just
like hoping we're not hoping to see
someone but we need to try and find
somewhere for me to hide because I'm
nervous yeah well keep saying we will
but like we need you soon but I actually
swear someone just come through the door
no I'm actually you know kidding
can you please hi oh that's ten yo give
me the camera
alright hey what's up what are you doing
just hanging out camera just we're
playing around the pool nobody hanging
everyone that didn't really go how I've
landed in it first of all a copy of Dom
trapped me in shut me in and with my
sliders as well I was like definitely
not answer these in our ruined and
you're fun oh yeah my farm was in my
back pocket but thank goodness but I
friends been waterproof so that that's
alright but yeah I pretty much been here
I was here before you woke up like I
filmed you in bed so I can't believe it
I literally woke up like it was a normal
day went to work came home and there's
somebody being pushed in my pool and my
dad's holding a camera I was definitely
surprised and confused but it's great to
have you here yay and I'm sure that Tana
and I will both be vlogging so I'll
obviously leave Tana channel down below
as well as my vlog channel so yeah I
don't forget to go and subscribe thank
you for being part of my video magic
