and hot in here no hi I'm take off all
your clothes I am getting so hot I'm
gonna take my clothes off so much want
to give this jumper a wash after this
hey guys and welcome back to my channel
so today I'm joined with my gorgeous
best friend Georgia and today we are
back with another Christmas video I hope
you guys are having an awesome December
so far honesty is my favorite month
you're my lighter person we are totally
in the Christmas spirit I mean just look
at the jumpers the kind of Manning's for
like quite morning right now but I love
it at the same time because it's just so
seasonal is that the right word I don't
know it's no seasonal it's very seasonal
up with that yeah today Georgia and I
are doing the Christmas song challenge I
think I might have this for the win I
know a lot of Christmas songs I think
I've got an island I know I think I'm
gonna win personally who knows Georgia
and I we are gonna have five different
songs each I'm gonna play the first five
seconds or each song if Georgia gets it
right she gets the point but if you get
the artist and the song name you're
gonna get two points oh you're a I'm are
you steady let's go okay what Paper
Scissors who goes first
Dani rock paper scissors yeah that
number one what oh my god I know it
that was definitely longer than five
seconds you must know the artist it's
easy
Mariah Carey no no SS nice shot no ease
Oh No Ariana Grande
I gave Milo higher smells Christmas our
day it is somebody didn't get outside to
show those no okay I would say I didn't
get the points from give me one okay
I'll get one point I'm going home and no
one not on point one right Georgia are
you ready for your first song I'm ready
look how am I meant to know I'm sorry
Oh white Christmas
Dean something my right eye
alright name this day this way to game
on I hope you know I'm so cheese I saw
white steam let me know Elvis Presley oh
now you said that yeah you'll give me a
point flex I got white Christmas okay
yeah yeah one point are you wrong number
two are you ready I'm not blending like
that looks like that guy stuff it's a
Justin Bieber yeah is it miss some time
yes because I was listen to this this
morning before somebody you shut it with
you you shut it with you oh my god so
many memories
yeah guys know that that's all the time
favorite Christmas Scott be lover adjust
him lasso down below your favorite
Christmas song oh I know
I need to skip it into the song supplies
it's obvious from like this thing okay
why are you playing it longer than five
seconds joy tonight because I think
you're not going to get the beginning of
that no I actually I knew I'm not okay
yeah okay but yeah a man by I have no
idea I was friendly oh my god that voice
is so obvious I know anyway is Michael
Buble and they only got this song this
next song I absolutely love I'm gonna be
so disappointed if you don't get it you
should get it I mean you came by my
house you're in the right house this is
the song we Jam tomorrow
this is the Barkers
I know it no can you play that tiny bit
my plea to society mix online
come on let it get on the eye yeah go
and buy a little bit dress it did the
data that it does that doesn't deter are
we gonna keep doing this or you know is
it my eye you don't got it
no I know it I know it when you say it
when you say this song I'm gonna be like
yeah I saw Mommy Kissing what so much
cooler than she comes over coming like a
newlywed
I saw dad mom I know and I don't know if
this is like super obvious I get such a
traditional song raised for Child Jesus
I have no idea who sings that famous day
in the choir somebody who ayah the quiet
here you got it
no it's not Yuri shut up no it's not
called that let me sayin no it's not no
it's not oh you mean Tyrion on Christmas
Day the choir the choir Mary's boy child
Christmas down oh my god oh good I'm
Swami
never heard of it you have it's just a
different version young men are you
listening in the ring
what's that one there snow is guess
their beautiful side happy to know
walking in a winter wonderland
yeah by multiple a she really think
that's one no but I don't know me by I
don't know that it Snoop Doggy Dogg oh
my god no I was gonna give you that it
sound like him at the start but not ya
know it's only because I don't really
listen to Snoop Dogg on a daily basis ah
I know it hold on Charlie gray holly
jolly Christmas my business
yeah the year oh my god this actually
makes you feel so festive
I love it oh my god this is if you've
ever want to get festive into the valley
Charlie Christmas Oh Michael big that
just comes out and every Christmas
yesterday so I don't think he's bringing
out a new album this year because it
wasn't at all he's brought out some
great Christmas yeah he I don't he's the
canonical biblical yes I'm alright fairy
they're like oh yeah the Christmas fire
now do you love it
I recognize it
oh my god is into that five again
is that your name yeah first night when
I could help Tommy
so I'm darting here comes the white snow
here comes Christmas oh my god it's so
obvious she comes Santa is a it so here
comes the sleigh hmm here comes my baby
okay yeah I'm good
they've got Elvis Presley it what here
comes Santa Claus here comes sighs yeah
oh yeah I do know that oh dang it
one pine this is the final song and this
one's a classic you've all know what
this is I'll be very surprised if you
don't you ready
I'm only literally paying five seconds
Kelly it's my holiday home alone
if I'm alone mm that's in home line
what's the song and who is the home
alone song no no no no do do you're
gonna kick yourself when you dead you
did it
you're gonna clean at that time you're
gonna get him killed up you're gonna be
like but God say no no one more two more
set two seconds huh oh my god I know is
in my carry and and just a new day just
a knows the news it's not Timberlake
it's his neck I do too is it just in at
all I'm one saying here is it I denied
my carrier new Justin Bieber yes I was
on my whole dating boy I only remember
what oh my goodness Georgia don't wanna
love for Christmas there is just one
thing I need
what so there it was there was a
Christmas arm
challenge oh oh oh my a Christmas John
Egyptian gold 23c one goes a little bit
orange in there it was that was our
Christmas some challenge who do you
think won cuz honestly I don't think
we've caught up with the scores I know I
think we both got like five each I drew
I wrote I think we drew but let us know
down below who you guys thought should
have one please match a big thumbs up if
you guys enjoyed this video and as I
said before let us know down below your
favorite Christmas song of all time I
don't even have one because I have to so
many so there's no yours down below and
also i'm doing vlogmas I'm vlogging
every single day over on my daily
vlogging channel to make sure you go
check that out
so you can also see behind the scenes a
film in its video and my daily life to
end up my Christmas tree you know the
traditional Christmas stuff go check
that out I'm gonna link it down below I
hope you guys enjoyed I'll see you guys
very very soon
mwah bye
