good morning everyone it's cool past
7:00 in the morning
this is died when I get several back I'm
gonna control my life for tonight little
does she know what I've got planned for
her gonna come wake her up now
saffron like you okay
this is the day come on come on this is
the thing I'd control your life come on
hope you get darling come on South
wakey-wakey come on you need to get up
now come on pick you an outfit so over
there you can have a look at that in a
minute
I feel it's alright I feel you got wear
all day make sure you have your fine
clothes to the actor that we send you
some instructions over to yeah all right
okay you're gonna love the first one and
the second and the third and the fall
this is my day and you do what I say all
right it's in a bit do my makeup again
ready when my dad was made hi dad yeah
I'm up Brian Annie thank you very much
we've just been getting ready yeah oh my
god y'all ready you can t we could do
stuff I'm not even ready in the morning
this is just too early for me okay okay
okay okay okay
bye so my name is already loving this
video because sunny in the morning and
he's already got me up and ready to go
out and actually go and get you some
pastries and everybody else at his work
I need to go to this outfit though
because it is appalling I like to call
it an outfit but really he's chucked
this jacket on my bed with this bright
neon top and I'm not too sure how I feel
about it I do not want to wear this
together he's given me no bottom so I
guess I'm just gonna put jeans or shorts
or something with it if this is what he
calls an outfit then okay but really dad
like I didn't even know that I owned
this in my wardrobe so yeah there's alva
doesn't look as bad as I thought I mean
he's still definitely not my choice of
outfit I wouldn't really choose to just
go out on a day like this wearing a bra
knee on top also the jacket just did not
go so just thought is better just maybe
just tying it around upon some ripped
jeans and some white trainers try to
kind of make it a bit more cash ok so
now that I mean my outfit I need to go
and do draw one of today god knows what
this day is gonna be like I feel like
it's just gonna be me running around in
my car
24/7 but yeah let's go to a one for
everyone so I have a dribble in my car
to Coster just because it's my nearest
place to get all of this kind of stuff
from yeah I mean I've got a lot to do
today rather than just with my dad
servant so I wanted to go to the
quickest one that I could find so here
we are at cluster let's go and get
everything let me down this is not good
yeah is there a law I'd seen is a lot
okay yeah it's quite a lot has been
great one guys
here we are at McDonald's 20 minutes
later hello hi can I get a Big Mac meal
with a banana shake please
you're the lover oh yeah please
and a sweet chili chicken wrap milk
strawberry shake a Big Mac meal with a
coffee Big Mac meal with coke please two
of those large again can I get a Big Mac
meal with the strawberry shake please
two of those as well so two Big Mac
meals of two strawberry shakes a Big Mac
meal with banana shakes please
how much thank God the sweet chili wrap
a Big Mac meal with a chocolate shake so
that just came to seventy pounds on my
John award
yes earn I love that so these days
basically costing me a fortune so I'm
sure does apps you love it it's in
everyone else at the world cuz well I'm
officially you win at best author award
for sure alright let's go get our order
so like we're gonna have the biggest
water here today
hello thank you very much okay we're
gonna split rings everywhere again thank
you very much all because I'm ordering
to so we want Hendry oh you know I
really feel like I'm sorry thank you
thank you very much so you know what
these guys are probably nothing like
Butler thank you oh it smells so good
it's the plums luck right now look at
this look uh amazing thank you so much
thank you
here we go oh my goodness mycologist
Mazda McDonald's I feel like I just need
to get it cleaned now other situation
that my mum's in right now I need oh my
god yeah he's just doing some stuff I
would help you but I don't think it's
very appropriate when I'm driving so
yeah anyways back to the factory dad
I've got so much more Donald's in the
car right now I'm in the car car please
can you calm down I know you're
controlling my day but please can you
come down and help me because there's so
much yes dad really there's so much okay
thanks okay welcome
so I've been editing for like a couple
of hours in my own little thing my dad
hasn't bothered me but now is cooling so
here I'm filming again hi dad
so obviously I need to go and hurry up
my dad a bar now get around my dad
for now honey you wanted a big bubble
bath so I'm going all our might Oh God
Wow I've just heard him pull off on my
drive here is the man himself hello hi
dad
here I hear it's bubbly it's hot yet
your beers on the side go me nowaday
like dad calls me to film I don't know
why I said go on hit me what is it well
we got everything
oh so because you're the praise our
family now I've got to go to the prank
so I can have Jade have none massive guy
release wonder what we do
he's gonna kill me oh this makes me
really good so Jeff Suppan II talked you
about something really serious why
you're going on yeah
you can't even hate me for that I'm good
that made you do this I didn't make you
would I do tell you to keep ever my
throat yeah yeah well Facebook I'm all
soaking wet as well so cheers dad choose
chaired and now I'm gonna have to go get
changed because my jeans
are you soaking ok so just got back from
Iran that's awesome
hella quick pop out actually really good
run and now my dad says last would you
come to the lounge if you've got
something that I need to do you and I
really want to get the shower and so
hence why I'm so sweaty looking like
this what do you want now oh my god what
are you doing whose bath good right what
one tweezer Niles
oh no you're disgusting you actually
want me to cut it out oh my god you're
so gross
Oh No thank you
oh yes please
a carpeting he's making me do this this
is actually disgusting
I don't like feet in general and
especially my dad sit well Harry - Harry
little toes no this is so disgusting
you're actually so horrible if I don't
want to do this Connie people put these
in my hands right now got the worst
thing don't you just had a bow why don't
you do it yourself
that's disgusting where's he gone
already little bitch don't baby back
what are you doing sir my China took her
as I sing everything Freddy Krueger all
right one this is my base is there last
thing the last we do today they actually
get so good why don't you just do it
yourself
music slowly die I tell you what don't
go it has been as though I wasn't gonna
I'm otherwise they ever until this point
her business in the worst thing ever I
hope you guys did enjoy anyways it was
absolutely gross it kind of a motif I'm
an edge as well it's just been a bit
long but yeah thank you so much for
watching don't forget to you the big
thumbs up subscribe down below if you
like more videos like this go check out
my blog internal or city that down below
and without ground and you're gonna have
to get in the way I know sorry it's been
the best day ever
