hey guys welcome back to my channel so I
hope you guys are all well and I hope
you guys are having I was gonna say I
hope you guys are having an awesome day
but I hope you guys are having an
awesome start to autumn a full Ottoman
for have finally arrived it's here so
hence why I'm doing a full related video
today so this is going to be my second
autumn related video at this year so you
guys want me to do more like this more
like automated videos let me know down
below and let me know what you want to
see and also if we do into your videos
like this make sure you hit that big
comes up go give this video a big like
and also before we have to get into this
video I just want to point out how cute
is this jumper but it's from Kohl's
because I'm a big us right now hence why
this isn't my house you might recognize
it though if you are following my blog
channel but if you are the new property
shed I'm gonna link it down below
but I am boiling right now so I'm gonna
get into this video so the first thing
I'm going to be making is those easy and
cute pumpkin pretzels for this is
obviously you're gonna need some
pretzels then I've actually got some
orange colored chocolate buttons but if
you can't find me as seriously you can
use like white chocolate with orange
food coloring or even just orange icing
so this is so quick and easy all you're
gonna need to do is take your pretzel
and it should just smother it in your
orange mixture try and cover the front
and the back however this can get a
little bit messy next take some
greaseproof paper and I'm going to sit
on there finally you take your smarty or
a green M&M and stick it on the top to
make your stock pop it in the fridge and
you're ready to get more
next up here's some Halloween cupcakes
that I made earlier I got red food
coloring aka blood and white pipe icing
I bet these diaper decorations up in
Walmart but to be honest if you can't
find anything like this you can probably
make something very similar yourself to
get the blood effect I have this clear
spray pump to be honest you can find
these absolutely anywhere you can see
the finished one here and you simply
squirt the icing on top it really
doesn't have to be neat be honest the
scottie are the better when you've done
that right over the blood and face the
jacket in the middle i'm repeat
well this Apple fizz float you're going
to need a scoop of vanilla ice cream and
then on top you're gonna want to pour
some apple juice and then depending on
what you prefer you can chop it up with
either lemonade sprite Mountain Dew
whatever you prefer to give that a nice
froth the fat I shoved in some straws
and then I also put some pumpkin spice
on top but you can put some cinnamon or
chocolate powder whichever one that you
prefer to make these cute eight con
kisses you are going to need all of the
ingredients I put onto the screen with
these ingredients you put them all into
a bowl and then you're just gonna mix
together until you for a nice smooth
texture take your mixture I'm rolling
into small balls about harder to pour
two sides of the teaspoon then put onto
a baking tray and flatten into a dome
shape these will need to go into the
oven for around ten minutes once they're
out and they've cooled down you're gonna
want to get your harshly kisses and
malson chocolate underneath your hostess
and then stick it onto your dome and
mantra and do the same to stick your
chocolate chips term underneath so I
really hope you guys enjoyed my for
treats
I am absolutely loving them all this is
delicious don't know I've ever lived
without ever being completely honest and
my favorite thing I must say well these
are two icons
I mean how adorable are these like these
are just too cute and I love them and
they taste delicious so you need to
definitely try these ones my opinion
these are my favorite but I really hope
you guys enjoyed this I had so much fun
more to make the need to because it
meant I got to eat half dome know that
so many more than what's on this plate
right now but I ain't quite a lot look
as I throw them all too much hope you
guys did enjoy it's not a big thumbs up
you guys dare to subscribe if you're new
again let me know if you want to see any
more autumn stroke form related videos
down for those subscribe to my vlog
Channel I took a new path subscribe to
my channel to go through it the behind
the scenes of this video and as I'm in
the US as I'm filming this right now you
can catch up with all my us my holiday
vlogs so go check that out and get on
the girl below also and I see you guys
next week
Wow bye this is actually amazing I know
you've tried all these but you need to
try these drinks it's so good we stop
vomit
no Canyon okay
