good morning everyone and welcome back
to a new video today is another 24 hour
challenge you guys have been requesting
these so so so much
especially over my Instagram and stuff
as well so I thought why don't do
another up here in my attic so I haven't
been up in his attic and I honestly
could say about made me like seven yeah
I don't I have no reason to ever go from
the Attic so I've never anything up
there I've seen my parents go out there
from what I can remember I think it's
pretty small and it's pretty jam-packed
so I have no idea how I'm even gonna
make any space to stay in the Attic for
24 hours but fingers crossed so you're
probably thinking why have I got a full
face of makeup on it when I'm going to
sit in the Attic on my own well honestly
I'm thinking the exact same thing I have
no idea wasn't actually planning on
doing this video today but here I am up
early and we need to go spend 24 hours
in matok however we taking a conference
have got joggers we've got a cache
t-shirt on so yeah hopefully should be
good should be give us a spot don't know
about fine who knows what it's gonna be
like what we actually gonna be terrified
at matok because this probably gonna be
spiders and all things I do not like it
is now time to go and set up and go
spend 24 hours inside of my attic so
don't forget to go hit a big thumbs up
on this video and subscribe down below
and go and turn the post notifications
on again if you want to see more videos
like this to let me know down in the
comments let me know by my Instagram
trying to get that with my boot camp
without further adieu I hope you guys
enjoy let's go set up I'm absolutely
exhausted have been running around the
house trying to get everything so I can
just get up in the attic as soon as
possible because it means tomorrow I can
get out as soon as possible so I've got
all the things that I need I've got the
ladder to actually get up into the attic
I've got basically so I thought maybe I
could bring some more gifts at the
world's longest extension need so I can
plug in like my laptop and stuff so he's
still got work plan and obviously
knowing me my phone's gonna die thinking
about it so DS get phone charger I have
such a brilliant idea so I have like a
booster in my room because the Wi-Fi out
this way is like ten times worse so up
in the attic imagine it's moving back as
you can see there's this plug socket
here so I'm thinking my brother Buster
in there and I just get so might fire up
their fingers cause cause if not I'm
gonna be bored out of my brain and I've
also got my
got some water then yeah well the sim
got this upstairs so I've got my Dube
it's gonna be a little bit the struggle
trying to get all of this up but yeah
that's everything the gun let's do it
right here we go oh this is actually
scaring me everyone's like you're such a
wuss how I even do this this is actually
small of light she really scared smaller
than I remember and it absolutely stinks
like it smells just like musky of like
it smells like you know when you get out
the hot the old Halloween decorations
yeah it smells like that it just smells
like dirty their site well I actually
don't want to be up here there's like
more coffee website I imagine the thing
this is the light hang on there's a
light it's a light which is something
guy is it yeah we're like it's so small
oh my god I can't even doing its right
let's go up so this is this is probably
the clearest the clearest space where I
could actually do something this bits
like reasonable size this is just
totally full of stuff that there's no
room but this maybe I could set up a bed
if I just check everything over here
basically what I've done is I've moved
that pink box that was over here and
stack it here and straight so I have a
little bit more room so I need to
somehow put these oh my god there's up
this is gonna wreck them I gotta break
the wires No there's a pig that's
actually freaking when I first got in
here I wish I had it on camera because
you couldn't see but honestly I'd like
leaching my back on my head touched a
wire and I screamed I freaked out so at
nighttime I'm actually gonna be
petrified but this little bit here is
where I'm gonna sleep eat breathe and
watch videos repeat basically spend the
rest of the time I guess and so this is
wrong gonna make my little den and my
mom's gonna help me by bringing
everything up yes yeah that was it
goodbye mom I love you already
I miss you if it's just a mission and a
half getting from one side of the other
and also I'm gonna get so many splinters
but I need to try and put the
you get from the other side now I'm
actually getting splinters in my hands
hey this can't get from one side to the
other
oh god okay oh my god I whisper into my
bomb
I have spenders in my bomb about ten
well I need to lightly to get this up
ASAP because it's actually really
hurting oh my goodness I've got about 10
min term Obamacare D
that's gonna say okay right so I've set
myself up don't know if I've really
showed you there's not really much to
set up basically to put the duvet in the
pillow up in the corner I haven't
actually got enough pillows for tonight
because obviously I'm leaning against
hard cases every uncomfortably however
and I just noticed my Christmas pillow
from my filming room was actually up
here so Lisa have this as long this
one's quite a big pillow so I'll be
using this even though it doesn't
actually smell what it just smells of
the attic you know anyways yeah I'm
gonna spend the next however long or so
because the essential need it is reat
which is amazing so I'm going to spend
the next half an hour so editing you
know doing what I do best doing what I
do all the time
um so yeah I'm not even just kidding you
but I've been here I've been doing some
editing and the next minute I was on my
phone I was in a meeting like actually
quite an important meeting that's quite
a lot of people who turn around and this
is what I see
and I'm why my cell on the phone and I'm
not kidding you
it was so Barisan again I screamed
this is petrifying why on earth do we
even have this so I'm just like laying
here I look around and this is why so
why on earth have we got a giant almost
real looking rat in our loft because for
a second I thought it was real and it
terrified me that's actually vile who
deserves laying around in their loft
time to pass and I feel like all up
enjoying a few chains which is great my
votes in the whole room a bag of food so
I've just hits mom and I'm like please
can you come up food just eat it up or
do it it's great but I would say there's
so many boxes and stuff up here I've
been looking like through like old photo
albums and stuff and I want to show you
because she's so cute
it's obvious so embarrassing so yeah
deal with it I can hear the birds
walking above we always get like birds
like nest anyways
that's really that's gonna be so nice
can I see it back don't know if you guys
can hear it but you haven't going to the
albums and I'm so excited anyways and
this has so much oh I have a record
player I got off my birthday I've always
wanted one
wait so what these work oh my god so
this is the coolest thing ever because
like I'm the thinkable my mum's bigos
Michael Jackson fan I'm like second
biggest Michael Jackson fan if you love
Mark Jackson MJ let me know down below
but I've just had this record and I'm so
excited to was this if it where I could
play her on tonight that she's gonna be
tomorrow and actually use this I'm so
excited that's actually gonna be buzzing
and let's go through some of these
pictures and stuff I want to show you
some really embarrassing ones when I was
a kid I have been looking through this
kind of stuff for like the past maybe I
don't even know times gone by but I
think like an hour and a bit and
honestly I've never like enjoyed life so
much because I've been looking at
pictures of like my Grandpere
my mom my dad when they were like
younger and stuff and it's just so crazy
because I probably would never spend the
time actually just flicking through
these sort of photo out but um I stopped
me
no oh my god no baby SAFF
it's some pictures of when I was like
more of a baby look how cute this one is
I mean Harriet advanced comput I
remember that day so well I literally
have no recognition of this but it's
just cute my mom it's gonna kill me for
this like so funny oh my god this is
just the best the best thing ever
why I think that my with my dad dad dad
Oh dad way back from work so early
I'm in the Attic can you come here where
is it early if you need I don't even
know what the time actually can't find
my phone's it's buried in myself
yeah dad dad look I'm spending 24 hours
here how much you know kidding look at
this I just fell on you mom it's the
funniest thing I've been doing this like
going through photo but was so long mum
your eyes what's the time Zach on for my
phone I think it's buried in pictures
and stuff ten years ago yes a long time
no court budget
you know what for once this is actually
I'm finding you entertaining just cuz
I'm so bored
yeah I'm not locking it I won't be able
to breathe it's not very big if he stops
singing when I start the number camera
Jess just stop for Jed's been underneath
me singing in the shower and I asked him
to sing again he just started laughing
like no no something in just knows I'm
filming but anyways um
the pictures were lovely but over it by
now I'm really bored no one wants to
talk to me I'm just here everyone
watching TV walking around and their
little thing is I'm just gonna sit watch
more YouTube but I feel like I've gone
from a whole subscription box at this
time so just getting really super bored
um yeah hope your entertainment I guess
thank you mmm very good idea we don't
want tomato with that but it's a like a
can't complain because honestly I'm
getting on everybody's nerves and the
mums come up for food like maybe five
times and yeah yeah oh my god see see
for me Jade in the mirror please bring
it back Jake normal something you never
put it back my off white one you know
you did you never put a bat last time 24
hours Jay oh my god you can't do that
what the hell oh yeah actually stuck to
me today so I've got my actually I don't
not taught the time is it is 20 to 10
and I'm actually not sure everyone's out
or not like actually couldn't tell you
because it's like dead silent in my
house now so I have no idea but it's
pretty late
oh why did the lights just refer but I
think everyone's out I brought my
facebook for me I'm so ready for bed I'm
actually I'm freezing I'm absolutely
freezing
and I can see that it's weird like now
it's getting darker I can see the
cobwebs more I know it's not a really
strange
this light is like the biggest lie you
can't even see on camera because they're
like so there's so many cobwebs are us
here as long as the owners aren't home
that's all that matters
anyways what I'm saying is um the minute
freezing I'm going to remove all of my
makeup because I just want to go to bed
I want to go get some sleep but it's
annoying because I hate just like wiping
makeup off with my face books and I've
washed my face as well but obviously I
can't do that so guys oh my god
literally I told you my mom was the
biggest Michael Jackson fan
I've got about Michael Jackson doll
that's actually that's pretty cool and
you might also be wondering why I am
sitting here in a father Christmas
dressing gown well the reason is is
because I've been a well first of all
absolutely freezing but I've been
rummaging around the Christmas section
of it here
so yeah it's freezing that's what I've
been doing looking for the Christmas
stuff which actually gets me so excited
for Christmas I can't wait I'm so cold
so yeah look at me oh I did also hang on
found this Christmas heart basically
behind dressed up myself in that board
and certain pictures like this - Anna oh
my god
well wow so fun this is literally I've
been entertaining myself I'm back over
the other side now so I'm back here and
I've been going through the Christmas
stuff and I've just thought why don't I
not think of this before
but look I'm gonna this is gonna take me
a long time this is all you taking me
this long to try and get this much out
but I can get the fairy lights because
obviously I can't I literally cannot
sleep a night it's not my thing
but obviously I don't want to sleep in
pitch black that's just scary so I'm
gonna pull this light and then with my
extension lead I'm going to hopefully
have a very nice if these work they
should do because of our Christmas tree
now she just thought better idea parsley
it sent in a lead along and I don't
actually need these like around me so
I'm just gonna
plug it up got these basketball come on
okay that's great yes then hang on hang
on hang on please be this PC this a
success
Oh quite a bit louder I'd say wonder bed
oops right now aren't you
which I'm not I'm the only time I'm
gotta go is when I need to Twitter yeah
so it's like maybe half an hour since I
last logged that's where I'm and dad's
room I'll see this heap in that's my
room and it's like my lights on I don't
know if it is if so I definitely want to
turn that off I might go to the toilet
in a minute then come off and go to bed
I don't actually need the loo though I
haven't needed it the whole day weirdly
that's the spare room like a filming
room and then literally underneath me
there that's children's room and then
underneath me here that's the bathroom I
don't know if he caciques there no it's
super dark right now
ah so I've actually decided I'm gonna go
to the toilet because I don't want to go
there the night you go oh it's literally
just there let you just stare so I'm
gonna go down and then cough and go to
bed
I gotta keep you updated throughout the
night cuz I'm actually scared I've slept
through the entire night it's blown my
mind yes so this is the time oh hang on
times gone but yeah 7:30 in the dot hang
on
7:30 I do feel kind of bad things like
the lights all night but there's
literally no way I could have done it
without them anyways I can't believe it
I'm freezing so H naught if I didn't
have this I would have apps it froze and
thank you so much for watching
still not over I slept all right down I
just bring everything down with me as
well so there's that yeah I did he slept
huh this absolute freezing ammonia I'm
only okay because of this dressing-gown
I found yeah yeah good a bit but on the
window I think the owner is that I've
woken up is because I could hear you
then get him ready for what yeah I could
hear that is true that was not great but
apart from that but I kinda just step
three of them being honest so that was
great yeah anyways I'm gonna end the
video thanks so much for watching it
don't get hit big thumbs up subscribe
down below and I see you guys very soon
this is the first video that I've got
like completed like completely completed
good so I feel pretty good anyways night
