hi guys welcome back to my Channel today
I'm joined with day I'm doing with my
boyfriend Jay and today we are filming
types of boyfriends
then buzzes now why we buy this for an
example I'm giving up the relationship
the boyfriend person loads of effort and
then later on don't you push my boss
about the video from Jay sauna which is
hilarious so Jake what do we value types
of girlfriends then now after you've
seen my video go check out Jake is gonna
be top line of the description although
he buys the new don't get to hit that
big red subscribe button and we're gonna
see will unit 25,000 thumbs up can we do
this
I just want me going or chemistry or
times with my girlfriend I see Kenny my
best friend I read that name up either
he comes over and he asked me to go out
with them and hang out with them for me
now that the first relationship I might
be like no ah I'm stay for this one
because I want to make a flawless favor
forever and then after like a year or so
be to have anything
all right right you want to come down a
skatepark
sorry I can't I'm with a sack for today
okay so I can't sorry
you see it's Iran and our fair one I'm a
how are you Oh Jake you want to come
down skatepark cool
I've got these new boys real wicked and
fresh and ting and everything's really
talked about it a real $2 issue number
again when the boy needs to tell about
your houses birthday did he used to turn
up for something like flowers but now
Hey
hi hi exactly to see you about these for
you thank you so much
come in number these are the fun we
could both relate to a little bit D then
come on a little bit a little bit I love
you Ted sir
at first your boyfriend always Texan you
he's always trying to make an advert the
second you reply your eyes straight
after you know he's watching my tax
number four
hey that bear now when you first got
someone you're constantly trying to make
an epic yeah try to impress the other
boards you know you call that what this
some of its right thank you goes a
little like this right I've got the bill
don't you over chill out
I've got the Billy sort of me don't you
oh no way thank you so much it's so
sweet honestly that is so thoughtful
like is there any do not need to do that
thank you
what by explain I pay that face on you
baby I paid last time don't try and get
out of this one rascal it's all on you
what happened it's all on me artery yeah
I'm finally number five so when you
first a good boyfriend you're most
likely to end up speeding them because
you want to spend all the time in the
world with every other way but also when
you're so used to each other
you just want to have
I really hope you guys enjoyed this
video it was so much fun to film right
so wonderful
I've never G seen that video lights from
YouTube before so thank you always give
it here give that big thumbs up again
hum you guys can smash in in twenty-five
twenty-five thousand dollars that would
be all Sony I'm right down in the courts
below if you know a couple who's like
this or you have a boyfriend who has
done one of these things before anyway
thank you so much for watching this
video in Stockman's channel like we said
will be another video we've also put a
video on my channel getting to be the
top line or the description also don't
forget to subscribe if you're new and
I'll see you guys very very soon
another layer Wow
