hi guys and welcome back to my channel
so I hope you all well today's video is
types of girls on their area and girls
on their periods are officially from a
different planet so all of us but most
of us I mean whose idea was it to give
us periods anyway like pregnancy of
birth wasn't already enough we have to
go for what like 40 years of puttin up
bodies for this drama every single month
anyway I'm Joyce not just me I have been
known to be a bit of a lunatic now on
the enema period let me know if you guys
can relate to this video let me know
what type goal you are or maybe a couple
of them I'm quite a lot of them not go
alive smash a big thumbs up letter we
can smash twenty seven thousand three
hundred and sixteen lights that was so
random but let's do this bring it on and
let's get into this video what are the
eats constantly now I'm not gonna lie I
think what a little bit guilty of this
one sometimes I have to think to myself
you know I have to wear this up it's my
body actually craving this much sugar or
am I just using it as a bad miscues most
the angry moody person avoids this
process there is absolutely nothing in
their eyes that you could do right
Oh Anna don't ultimate they're on their
period I'll be a little bit quiet on my
period
if this isn't you you've definitely
gonna have that one friend that does it
and that's a person that just sleeps all
day I don't know how they do it like I
really really don't they see every day
whilst they're on their period it's like
now this one is definitely me and this
is the emotional rat I feel really
really sorry for this person including
me because half the time you're crying
and you don't even know why you have
absolutely no reason and well gosh it's
just awful
well I don't know the girl that always
suffers this is the girl that is poorly
the whole week she gets periods pains
back aids headaches stomach aches
literally everything and I'm not gonna
lie
I feel really really bad for this girl
you'll always find her somewhere in such
they can all good position just trying
to get comfortable
help this is the girl with the click of
the fingers you can be her best friend
or you can be her worst enemy like I'm
in her later this girl was the girl who
always has the up-and-down thing nobody
can guess what mood she's gonna be oh my
goodness thank you so much apply but
start to get really really good you
don't touch me good morning d1 this is
the girl that revert back to peanut baby
and she will expect you to be a mother
well like probably the next week and
let's just say she cannot punch mom
alright lift a pink blanket yours please
can you bring her over focus on the
period mom can you please Romeo boss I
really really need one with bubbles in
and the bath bomb hello yes me again
I'm really really nice and rock where
I'm just like really craving it hi
oh God somebody just make me a tea
already oh wow
doing this video has made me realize PMS
is real I hope you guys enjoyed this
video again don't forget to smash a big
thumbs up I think it was twenty-seven
thousand three hundred sixteen likes oh
my goodness I remember that much a big
thumbs up again let me
who you would be if you haven't started
your period yet or if you have let me
know who you are when you're on your
period I know I'm quite a few of them
and it's made me realize that I need to
probably calm it when I'm on my period
anyway I really hope you guys enjoyed
this video don't forget to give a big
thumbs up and yet if we're new to my
channel don't forget to subscribe as
well so you can see me in your
subscription box every week twice a week
so subscribe if you haven't already and
yeah I'll see you guys soon I
