yeah I can meet you right now let me
move down thank me hi guys welcome back
to my channel so I'm actually really
really really excited for this video
today because I'm going to be telling
you guys what I use in my face every
single day every single day I wear
makeup and I wear quite a lot of it if
I'm honest because I love make our food
doesn't love makeup right I did do my
everyday makeup routine last year but
like it's changed since then like I
don't know I use different products and
stuff now so I hope you guys enjoy it as
you can tell this is completely my bare
face I have no makeup on actually I do
have like gloss I need to remove that my
lips are so dry so I needed to put gloss
on I just couldn't wait so I'm going to
remove that and then yeah let's get into
this video so I start off by applying my
Smashbox primer I got this in America
it's a very recent thing to my everyday
makeup routine but it really helps to
keep my makeup on because I've always
struggled with that I don't know why but
foundation just doesn't stick to my face
so I put a lot of this on and I make
sure I rub it around evenly
for my foundation I use the bareMinerals
bear skin brightening foundation this is
amazing for sickened your skin and also
it gives that natural effect however it
is very high coverage so it's definitely
one of my favorite foundations that I've
ever tried when I done my first everyday
makeup routine I use the bare minerals
combat foundation however that was quite
drying compared to this this I
absolutely love so I use it every single
day and I'm just spreading around my
face and then just rub it into my neck
I then use the NARS concealer in the
shade custard is one of my favorite
concealers i used to use the maybelline
concealer which is an amazing dupe for
this as it is drugstore on its about the
hook dude pounds cheaper but this is
amazing and - not only do i use it as a
concealer i also use this to highlight
sweat but underneath my eyes my chin
just above my layer is my nose and my
forehead
for contour I use the connect chubby
stick in the standard shade it comes in
I absolutely love this because the good
thing about it is you can have such a
subtle look or you can build it up and
make more of a domestic Clerk I apply
this on my cheekbones my forehead and my
jawline you actually have to be quite
careful when robbing in your jawline
because it can actually do the opposite
effect and I'm giving you a double chin
rather than like a shark to your life
and when blending this in I use the same
brush that I use my foundation which is
again the Real Techniques buffing brush
tell me I'm having such a jam like to
myself right now if you guys love
Destiny's Child as well let me know in
the comments below because Leo my
all-time favorite for blush I used a
sweetheart blush by Too Faced in the
shade candy glow within the past year my
makeup hasn't changed too much however
my blush has definitely changed because
I used to love dark dark paintbrushes
but now before like lighter blushes so I
eat the shades on the end the most guys
get ready for this this is what you call
heartbreak okay pizza matched but it's
no use it anyway the Becca Jacqueline
Hale highlighter in the shade champagne
pop now this again is not a newbie to my
everyday makeup routine and
unfortunately I smashed it I smashed it
two weeks after I've got it I've only
had it before your weeks that is like so
sad but I still use it because it is my
favor and I apply this everywhere that I
applied my Christina Thomas camera I use
the Maybelline New York fully miss press
mascara I've been using this for so long
it's another mascara that makes your
eyelashes very thick and my braids
confit which is the look that I like to
go for
but I broke it that I use I genuinely
don't know wall in schools because I go
it from the place where I get my
eyebrows done but the brush I'm using is
from H&M and it's about $2.99 and it's
really good especially because it has a
long stick it makes it so much easier to
do your eyebrows when doing my eyebrows
I actually like to outline my eyebrows
and then I fill it inside a bun it's so
much easier because it's easier to find
the shape that you want
Oh crumble mr. owl out oh oh okay it's
gone okay so that is pretty much my
everyday makeup routine however and
you've put on lip gloss now but I tend
to like a high donor like some days I
have that Sanders have like I'll show
you like my two favorite colors on my
everyday makeup it used to only be dark
that I were but now as the summer is
coming up I don't know I've got a tender
like very so it's between these two
so yeah that was it everybody hope you
guys enjoyed this video my everyday
makeup routine doesn't really take long
at all so I don't know if you guys like
to try it out I know it's like only
really simple but if you guys do and
tell me either on my Twitter Instagram
or Facebook all my links are always
always always linked below and all the
products I mentioned if I can find them
I will also link them below as well to
try to help you guys out if there's any
products that like I don't know you guys
want to try I love all the products that
I use on my face because I use them
every single day
and this video was so requested please
smash epic thumbs up let's see if we can
hit 25,000 I don't know we've done it
before
let's do it again come on guys you can
do this we can do this
we got this I'll see you guys very soon
and I hope you guys enjoyed and also let
me know if you want me to do a lipstick
collection as well because that's a very
real question video and yes I'll see you
all very very very soon
I
