hi guys and welcome back to my channel
so today I'm joined with a lovely
Griffin Ireland today we are filming
like a QA together yeah I've never ever
done this before what we thought why not
I'm so excited with this video so carry
on watching let's get into this video
what are you gonna buy 3 celebs Dead or
Alive to dinner who would you choose and
why oh okay so we're gonna go miss
because she's like my favorite yeah yeah
it's so hot when you put on the spot I'm
just gonna be because I think cuz I want
somebody to be fun I'd have to invite
back okay and would say doesn't be valve
I don't know me really be that much fun
yeah okay Justin and then a girl Jake
but if not like if a girl they don't
have to be Katy Perry she does seem like
Oh Jesse J or Justin yeah she seems
really nice yeah that was totally not
three that was like I don't know what I
chose is one because I don't have any do
you have any hidden talents gosh I can
crack my back of autumn out like I can
crack my back a lot and I can I can make
my stomach growlin on command the only
thing I can do that is not a hidden
talent and I've told this in a video
before but it is about the only thing I
could think of is this I guarantee can
do as well is about bending my finger
it's not a hidden talents okay yeah
that's quite good you've got to keep it
straight now you're gonna use the other
hand I'm just trying to like train it
okay that's good that is got good boom
you touches on to your wrists 100 write
in the comments down below B to do that
was your first thought when you woke up
this morning I was like big gone I know
I was like I want to get back to bed but
no I swear like that was that what was
the last lie that you
I was getting my friend to pass so that
she could get into VidCon because like
or like the wristbands like the ones
that you yeah and I was like we both
have a meeting to go to like right now
and she needs to go upstairs like ASAP
we have meetings to get to starting like
five minutes so we really have to go up
there and he was like okay and then he
gave her a pass like - like a Janee was
like a couple of hours ago right and I
got like so hyper like we do a
ridiculously high pass and I was walking
into Jai's room and I was like jumping
around having the time of my life and
Jason why are you so high fat like was
like it just to be there like what are
you doing anyway it got to the stage
where he would just kept asking me why
like if you got like a surprise to
something have you found out something
cuz I yeah yeah I've got a surprise for
you when I'm on word that he was so
excited I was like oh my god you're
gonna cry you're gonna cry and my
parents know he's like tell me now and
tell me now and then I did when I've
also safron opinions on my keen Griffen
Griffen opinions on taking stock what
you go first oh okay so I think you guys
are really cute and I think that you and
I should Michelle a although you guys
are pretty young I didn't know you were
that young man says I think like I
always see your snapchats together and I
always see like cute things and like
cute pictures of you guys yeah cute
Thanks I think you might be ready here I
think you're so well suited because I
feel as if you're both like really
chilled like you realize you and I think
that Mikey and I are chills sometimes
like at VidCon girlfriend but like other
times I'm like we need to clean the
apartment no crazy but like yeah I think
for the most part were pretty chill yeah
I think like if I saw you guys and you
didn't know each other like I think
you're so suited oh thank you what
tattoos or piercings do you want or do
you have I have four on this year and
three on this year and I you just have a
cartilage one on this year but it closed
up and I used to have another lobe one
on this year but I just want to get
those two redone because like they close
that I have to in this in here and then
I have one in this ere I have my cart
Latia I did have my Brooke done yeah
yeah and then I did have my tragus I'm
both been out because I lost the back
and I want to get my ovary down I really
want like a double like tragus that way
sure was happen my worst habit is my key
what's my worst habit JQ so no wait no I
have it
he's like our third stage of doing it
for like two days and I don't know no
one got with me right and it was so
weird is only when I was with Jake and
it was so good but I'm not I feel like
mine is I have a habit of asking people
to do things for me when I can do this
listen my habit is losing you lost all
of them yeah I lose everything
and I forget everyone and I'm so clumsy
and I bite my nails
oh don't throw your acrylics yeah if you
could swap places with somebody for a
week who would it be and why no no
really yeah cuz I feel like her life was
so fun and like she goes on all these
fun adventures or I would switch lives
with my brother frui just because he's
in like
right now and he's there for two months
and I think it'd be fun to like go to
Asia and explore yeah I think I would
probably saw places with I love Jessie
J's voice like I think she's insane I
don't know like yeah if you're very bout
to be a Disney character what would you
be and why
I'll be Cinderella Noble no don't want
to be like a maid buddy because she was
my favor every yo-yo with you yeah your
favorite Disney Princess anyone yeah she
was a mermaid
do you rather live without makeup or
live without half the job it's a hair
product because I can just that's what I
think cause I'd hate not one makeup like
so much of my time is on my part mm-hmm
but my natural hair like if it's not
strange and or if it's not powered it's
gross
it's so fluffy and it were me I'd have
to have it up like all the time like I'm
now having no you didn't like train your
hair done I think so maybe I do that
then yeah well I definitely would give
up half because makeup me into heaven
laughter yeah I make up my favorite I
you should see my makeup cases here I
really hope you guys enjoyed this video
and got to know Griffin and I a little
bad job we did like the part torn your
channel yeah yeah like pretty much the
same thing with different questions and
it's so funny because I've crazy called
it said that I was pregnant I knew it's
just like it was so good it was a good
time yeah yeah it was so good to go
check out if you haven't already it's
gonna be in the description below I hope
you guys enjoyed make sure you smash
that big thumbs up if you did and I will
see you guys very soon
