you guys are amazing that most of you
guys will know last week I done types of
girls on first date I said if I hit an
absolutely crazy 25,000 thumbs up I
would do like all guys on the first date
I didn't know expect that but this
pushed it I really appreciate the
support you guys give me so let's see if
we can do it again twice in a row 25
that was alight so smash a big thumbs up
I know you guys can do it because you've
done it once before and yeah let's get
into this video types of guys on first
dates the guy that loves himself
Oh like seriously why don't you two stay
at home put a mirror in front of you and
just date yourself let's face it if we
want to be out again or just put you out
again
oh really hmm how are you so sure of
that
Thanks look at me oh yeah if you argue
loving mother I've got the looks I got
the body I got the personality and I
even got the banner tick tick tick tick
exactly the messy and noisy eater this
will be my idea
oh how I don't know what to sit there
with this shield in front of my face to
protect myself from what's coming out of
your mouth no thank you
time oh I love the sing by you yes they
all right ha yeah I've got a finger ah
bowling Oh up over I'll open up in a
lobby
don't oh I can tell no robot so long
uncomfortable compliments so not good I
everybody likes to be complimented but
there is a fine line between being
complimented and being way too over keen
oh my god babe you are absolutely
gorgeous
are they looking at Instagram pictures
and all I can say is
wowzers our feeling all stunning in real
life like I can't quite get my head
around it are you a absolutely gorgeous
babe oh thanks and anyway yeah what I've
been up to well to be honest alright the
gorilla to commit your bitches I just
can't
over that arm on a date the belt yeah
you are absolutely perfect
there's nothing I would change about oh
that's so sweet um so when did last
relationship end well it don't even
matter I mean it must cannot a year ago
now but she was nothing compared to you
nobody's Oh Noble okay anything compared
to you you absolutely
unreal I just can't believe it he would
drop dead gorgeous drop-dead gorgeous
babe
you must get told that all the time oh
okay the catfish like honestly something
more delusional when they look at
themselves like yeah that was me but
just ten years ago you look so different
ten years ago they don't know oh my
goodness I just I just can't wait to see
him in real life like he's just
everything I've ever wanted he's got
dark brown hair he's super super fit
he's so handsome he's tall he's oh my
god is just so perfect I can't wait okay
he's just it's not using it okay I gotta
go again find a good thing oh my baby
with you you're not Simon I ain't but
it's me I'm ultimate profile pic you for
a few years back but all I've really
changes man cut up and I might have put
on a few pounds do but oh I'm wearing
glasses now that's probably why I'm
doing Iseman oh the guy is still not
over his ex being called his exes name
is bad enough but then it's constantly
being compared to her I can imagine this
would be the worst date
listen Chantelle for the third time my
name is saffron who issued oh sorry
babes it's max in Italy I just I just
can't get her out made that she just
sucked another girl she sold out a sheet
or
just Tommy cow you know your mommy bit
overanxious oh really
okay you look quite like actually I
think that's lived well when the date
with you your mom is saying my job oh
okay do you know what I think you
enjoyed our get on really well she's got
a hot dog anyway enough of that what
you've been up to
would you like to me spare time oh well
of course ride it and no way
Chantelle absolutely loves water idea
Mike she's very hostage she'll beg us to
go to our save all she's absolutely
amazing out so once you stop riding oh
when I was seven yeah shines I was even
younger than you
she started riding at five five years
old that's incredible net well Lots me
buddy yeah wala means she can do
everything
highlight she could just hop in swimming
just get it out to anything you think of
dancer Sigma acting anything you think
off she can do it so basically she woman
yes that's exactly what she is that
overly generous guy who then forgets his
wallet anything you want oh absolutely
anything on this menu get it or treat
now go for it
Oh she'll get some champagne as well
yeah excuse me yeah yeah really thank
you that's so good thank you
what couple of hours later oh my so
start thank you so much we get the bill
oh no I've already gotten done it I
forgot my wallet darling you know what
you put this time and I'll treat you
next time
oh just right that's the end of my video
I really hope you guys enjoyed this
video if this is the first time you guys
have seen me on a screen don't forget to
right down below and also if you haven't
already checked out last week's video
they go check it out it's going to be
top line of the description and also you
can see behind the scenes of this video
on my vlogging channel so just click
there and it take you straight to it you
guys enjoyed this video and gave it a
big thumbs up and thank you so much
also let me know in the comments below
if you guys want me to like another skip
accident video next week or something a
little bit different let me know with
this pop here let me know in the
comments below because I'm gonna be
reading them all yeah I'll see you guys
righty bye
