hey everyone welcome back to a new video
today is I was exciting actually is
going to be different so today I'm
saying yes to my little cousin for the
entire day now I have no idea what she's
got planned for me she does know about
this video I've told her to think about
anything she wants I'm gonna say yes to
so she might just sit me up she might be
really nice I mean she's already a we
could basically go either way
different think mom I love with nervous
but very excited so don't forget to hit
a big thumbs up if you guys enjoy this
video subscribe down below don't forget
to go and turn the post notifications on
so you get notified every single time I
upload a new video and without further
ado let's get into it
why are here bright and early in the
morning and ready to go oh my mom's also
here because she's gonna be filming us
throughout the day so that's why okay
here we go you ready for school sister
school outfit right Ivy tell me what are
we doing today absolutely everything
everything that you want to do right
because I have to say yes that every
single thing that you say yeah so I hope
you don't stitch me up maybe okay right
so what's the person you want to do
because obviously you're going to school
so there anything you want me to do
whilst you go to school okay tidy up the
playroom
hello animals they picked me up from
school pick up from school okay that's
gonna be exciting
yeah okay so I'll make sure I clean the
house while you're at school work at
heart yeah this is Ivy's Tyrell now it's
not too bad this is a little bit messy
so I'm gonna spend the next 20 minutes
or so tidying this up as it's one of our
chores and this is the new player and
the boys and girls look at that spotless
floor love it go and get Ivy sexy so
people love it no okay
so I was asked me to film her why you
gotta tell me why you filming because I
made a list and the first thing I wanted
to do is go into town but before that I
want you to choose my outfit so yes I am
going to choose Ivy's outfit and then
yes I'm taking her into town you got to
tell me where your clothes are cuz I
have no idea okay then why we going for
don't don't go for that okay yes I will
not go for that so that well away
this is Ivy's outfit you feel like a
mini-me a little bit edgy is a bit cool
isn't it and then if you turn around
there I dunno be squished how let's do
this ready let's do it
are we going that's what we're doing you
got a table you guys how the firm works
I don't know what we're doing
is that what you'd like to go okay yeah
let's do it let's go
we should give it you keep stroking this
oh you want that
yeah okay let's do it let me pick out
that to be honest I would ever choose up
to your friend this this one yeah she
can oh is it there like Christmas okay
Joey to carry this oh you got it okay
ready sister I mean why do you throw the
boy stop
you want to get say for your brother
I go yeah it's getting some arty it
would be far bigger where to next where
we go in regards yes let's do it
I still have a job now
okay so chops out shots out yeah watch
your favorite their client cheese
everything everything does all the stuff
in the back last you want to do first I
want to go out for dinner but can we go
with my friend mega because she she
loves you she loves me to see me did she
watch my videos yeah so you'd like to
take her along yeah yeah of course she
can so we're gonna go pick Megan up yeah
okay I'd surprise her I need to ask
mommy was she doing so good pick her up
does she live near you no okay well
we're gonna have to go and find one
Megan lives we're gonna go and pick her
up and yes we're gonna go get some food
what are you thinking where'd you want
to go Narrows yes actually that's good
for me because that's one of my favorite
restaurants so Megan doesn't even know
there was um a we've just driven too
hard took a little bit of a while we're
here and we're gonna go ask her she was
a couple favors out some way yeah yeah
you excited yeah we made it turns out I
be wouldn't you go into pieces press up
there now so I'm not complaining here we
are
so what are you guys having tea pizza no
shock is it we're gonna have to drink
yes you can mommy don't let you have
that special occasion they're good and
we have topped off now huh we had such a
good time she was so lovely now we're
actually in Tesco so IV what did you ask
me to get some picnic for me and my
brother yeah I'm so jelly you know how
much I wanted to say no to this just
because I'm jealous
do you give you at the cups of the bad
bags okay yeah I got that I have to say
yes at the end of the day ivy how
amazing does this smell
I'm so jealous don't put a lid on eyes
hang on you happy we've made it home an
IV husband play with your toys shown
everyone haven't you and you just said
you put something out so that's why sort
of without the camera it's gone only
very unfortunate people do yes okay Kate
clean up your hamster's cage and you're
gonna have to show me how then okay yeah
let's do it we clean up the houses cage
never had a hamster no idea what I'm
doing I put my hair up no I wish you
don't saying that we have to take all
that stuff out okay so you want to look
at me up because I don't know ground
with bounces
just finished cleaning the hamster cage
was it good yeah you didn't help me out
for quite a bit to me folks I had
absolutely no idea what was doing but
I've been going on about this one thing
all day and a half to do it now so don't
know what it is where we got to go from
it up there okay outside okay I'll
follow you yeah yeah I want you to do
this test with have a swim no oh my god
say no in these clothes I thought you
loved me more than that
I did really funny okay right oh my god
you freezing you sure what I can't
believe I have to say yes to this okay
Oh No oh my goodness believe you
actually want me to jump in my clothes
so party Ivy doesn't want to come in
with me because she's just so be funny
to laugh at me Oh God so it's not be
funny to laugh at me so I have to
actually really don't want to do there
really feel it no I don't wanna it's
gonna be cold
yep I'm cold now when I take my shoes
off though that's fair enough right I
really don't wanna do this
so this is mean IV this is mean it's not
warm it's freezing oh my god magic will
be so caught we got our dressing down
prepared yeah IV IB IB
no no I be delicious
how dare you Jack you have to drive home
in there no okay you're saying else no I
solutely frozen thank you so much Heidi
for that way to top off the day did you
rig it so I regret it yes yes I do and I
can't you say yes that question right
we're gonna go back in our thing can I
end the video okay I was one of my
question what was in the video yeah she
in the video now okay because we both
just jumped in the pool and she made me
well they gonna do for Enda smash your
big thumbs up yeah subscribe down below
yeah love it goes the skyrest big thumbs
up say goodbye bye
all right melon always the factory got
lots a nice picture there
