yo hello everybody and welcome back to
my channel so Thursday they can't be all
good in fact they could be very awkward
and embarrassing especially when it's a
blind date and you don't know what to
expect you don't know what you're gonna
get not that I know because I haven't
exactly been on that money first date
but I do know that I absolutely love the
program first day so I thought why not
make a video about it if it's the first
time you guys have seen me on your
screen make sure I get those big thumbs
up I make sure you subscribe down below
we're gonna see if we can hit of crazy
25,000 thumbs up that's the most likes
I've ever asked for
so please we watching it and you enjoy
it mate you smash that big thumbs up so
I've decided if I do it 25,000 thumbs up
as it is types of goals of birthdays
I've decided next week I'm gonna do
types of boys on first dates or boys
watch out
so I'm gonna start with what's got to be
every guy is worst night and this is the
goal there would not stop talking times
okay but then what all they want to do
is just talk about their self ah all
right how are you I am no thanks how are
you what will happen me I sound great
but recently I keep having to go to the
doctor's because I haven't been feeling
too good I've been quite ill but I mean
it's a ride because my friends keep
coming with me really I don't know I
just have so many friends because like
I've just been so popular that my whole
life I'm primary school in high school I
don't know what pronoun must say
something I mean just meet my friends
just like such a social bond so yeah I
just need such a good life anyway that's
just love that's a bit too much let me
just talk a bit about me so I have two
brothers I have one sister have a little
fellow
I'm going to highlight the unsociable
one little bit not this one this is the
girl that's so obsessed with social
media there she calling them her phone
home for longer than Wow at all really
yeah that sounds cool yeah I'm at the
motion now so speak to you later
okay get decks with yes why trust me
okay by 11 yeah sorry about that
sometimes my friend just drives me mad
anyway how are you I was fine don't
worry
yeah I'm good thanks okay oh sorry
hi yahweh's it no what are you him Innes
100 message okay yeah check it out okay
I need folks and the restaurant ok get
text me no it's fine to text me I'll
come to that okay bye yeah apparently
I've got a bonded like the Rings game
let me just check this condition 12
shell boom a hundred and twelve oh okay
oh you think this actors this moment
sorry I just really snapped it there oh
my guys I cannot believe that you
haven't cinta my Instagram post
I've got a hundred and twelve lights so
go to the art behind already oh my I'm
so hate like it's like right now don't
you take bitch infuse myself chef oh
that's so cute right Dave lien okay
let's just get one more yeah sure okay
that that is cute okay just one
okay so I don't really haven't been this
day but we're what are they assessed and
this is the drug date Oh God good idea
go on done there I saw you up you made
one it's a thing should we get into a
boy this is so much my white house think
about it off wait up
no balls please here we go
oh no the shy one I can imagine this
would come across really sweet at first
but after an hour's dinner day it's just
all right babe how are you I'm fine
cool what you've been up to then I'm
fine thank you
oh well I mean everybody before no okay
what you're doing to spare time nothing
much here oh well I mean I like to go to
San Marco paul football you know just
got norm stuff really oh
know your acts permission ability really
cool well dude laceration sharp end
oh god I don't really know I think it
about three days ago yeah I mean it was
Wednesday 22nd of October 6 p.m. of it
sorry I don't I think imma die or
anything also remember that I mean I'm
afraid relationship I'm so over that now
I don't even think about him like
another everything so it never want to
get back on them I mean I keep saying
turn like it bullets me yes of work with
me support right you know I mean I won't
even be to go it through it don't call
me back anyway like my leggings and
Brian I never really talked about it
solves a lot already over yet what I am
so over that kid I don't even think
about him own talk about him wait oh my
god he's on a date tonight with another
girl
what then / girl that is better guy to
pay hello this is the 20% it's all about
the going Dutch oh thank you so much for
taking me out I mean I've had such a
lovely night with you thank you so so
much
technically you revived me whoa yeah by
me like you still took me out I mean I
still had like such an amazing night Lee
thank you so much for this like it's
just so nice to go out and be a girl and
get treated by the boy and it's just so
lovely I mean this restaurant from us
caught you for watching it so it sets in
so nice you sure it's okay to get
another bottle of wine
ah maybe let's just give it a mrs. time
oh okay
you know I think I have to get back you
know a bit skin now oh really oh okay
yeah
maybe another time yeah yeah maybe
quickly that's the end of my video I
really hope you guys enjoyed again if
you have already know stuff big thumbs
up we are trying to hear and crazy
25,000 thumbs up so if you're bored you
have nothing to do even if you do have
something to do just click you smash up
big thumbs up why not also let me know
in the comments below if you do want to
see types of guides and days because I
cannot wait to film that if I get twenty
five thousand I cannot wait to film at
ya okay hope you I'll see you guys very
soon bye
