Oh
morning
we'll get your mom
hey guys and welcome back to my channel
so I hope you all have had an amazing
only so far so for today's video I have
filmed all good teenage situations and I
am so so so excited for this video
because I spent so long it is very
relatable especially ads by alpha
teenage myself at 15 years old so I
generally can relate to this video in
fact I relate to every single one of
these in fact no I don't there's why I
don't relate to partly because it's like
an altar boy situation but apart from
that one I can relate to every single
one of these so let me know in the
comments below if you guys can as well
combat I'm filming this video exactly
10:36 p.m. at night in America right now
lupus
I love supposed to make intro which is
so annoying but you have to do what you
have to do so I'm following this Sunday
and I'm so tired right now but yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed this video make
sure you smash up big-time stuff if you
guys do and if you can relate to this
video let's go for a big number
let's drink with 20,000 thumbs up I
don't think I've ever got that before so
my shoes match up it comes off you guys
enjoy and let's into this video
very well saffron I'm not gonna have any
more skips for me this week just get up
and do it
pick up your tennis racket so cut it
down each other water flow phantom ah
whoa no you're getting older there are a
few things right you know what this is
don't you some I'm going to show you a
little demo stop right there right I've
heard it all before I know about it
cheese add saffron icky come here a
minute
a chat with you yolks up now I won't
ever go to chat with you about the birds
and bees
aka boys and sex up cringe never been
high school down here again
I
saffron whoa I think it was Justin right
just a little bit because I'm ready to
be a mom again
you see a 100 gala this guy my favorite
son ever
oh my god I love it so much oka we have
to listen up right now oh my god yeah
that is my favorite song go ahead and
edges oh my god love it
they come solar butters and the pockets
world grumps and all your fellows even
go to friends it's 11:30 in the cup is
jump you jump got a man stop hotpot
knowning huh me don't know this song
dear Wow you see I just I just haven't
had it in a while okay put the title in
take it out well that was it for my
video I hope you guys enjoyed every guy
skip relay your watch until the end of
this video if you've got this far
comment America so I know that you got
this bar and I reckon from five back to
you guys yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
let me know the conch below also what
you thought of this video and if it's
about zombies ever to my face make sure
you hit that subscribe button down below
and yeah I'll see you guys very basis I
