what I wanna welcome back to my channel
so today I am bringing back another
relatable video I thought what could
possibly be more relatable than this
video things that parents like to say I
don't know maybe like becoming a parent
you get given a book right it says
things to moan about to your child or
things that you must repetitively say to
your child and continuously moan to them
about I mean seriously we've heard it
all before like a hundred thousand times
it's so annoying and the thing that
always means the most is when a pair of
refers back to when they was a kid
they're like oh well how does a kid you
have it lucky when I was a kid no you
was a kid a long time ago I'm a kid now
this is what I do that was so suspect if
you picked up okay I'm sure in the olden
days that's how it or what but we're now
in the 21st centuries the parents you
need to get with it so I really hope you
guys enjoy this video and let me know by
smashing that big thumbs up let me know
in the comments below something that I
might have left out that your parents
always say as I would love to know I'm
going to be looking for your comments
yeah Louie know the folks below and get
into this video what
saffron tidy your room it's my room
I like it like this no actually it's my
house therefore my room
therefore my rules when you move out and
get your own place you can make in your
room as messy as you like but for now my
house my room my rules so tidy what I'm
not exactly asking for much you don't
exactly do much for me are you kidding
me
I'm having two for nine months
no mums in this stuck and then I had to
invite you and I'm telling you now it
hurt and it hurt a lot don't you start
telling me oh I do nothing for you
because if it wasn't me you wouldn't be
here right now
oh okay I'm sorry thanks I guess
mom actually please can you give me a
lift because I actually so tired and I
cannot be bought the thwart right now
saffron when I was your age I used
tractable 25 miles to school I used to
have no shoes my brother used to commute
piggyback I'm okay I do I remember you
said bye I'm just saffron it's about
time you sat on your own two feet and
start taking responsibilities at full
Sun I'm sorry I thought that we should
do as a parent to help help your kids
I'm sorry I didn't pop out the woman
suddenly cook everyone dinner or the
second I was born already know how to
drive a car
what Oh
saffron sweetie what's wrong I'm fine
is it boy troubles because I was young
once too you know that doesn't help me a
message to all the parents out there
just chill after you gave birth to us we
didn't ask for this
like you said you as a kid two months
right anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
this video and I would see next week
with another video bye
