hello everyone and welcome back to my
channel now as a lot of you guys will
know I've literally just got back from
Florida I'm filming this literally day
after I've got back and I am pretty
jet-lagged so bow stumble across my
words it's like knowing me I probably
will then that is why yeah I just got
back from Disney and I had the best trip
ever so beware and watch the blogs and
stuff I will link them down below
there's actually a couple to go live I
was so busy like we had such a manic
time it was just so hard to get the
blogs up from time and obviously the
timezone and stuff like that but yeah I
think they should hopefully you'll be up
now or not the last couple of ones are
going up anyways the reason I was
telling you this is because I turn a
huge Primark shop before I actually went
and I've used some of the bits but a lot
of it I didn't take with me obviously
and some of it was like Disney themed
and really cute so that's why I took it
with me the best I haven't I kind of
acted don't even remember what I got so
this is gonna be just as excited for me
as it probably will be for you guys
watching yeah I got actually two of
these massive crime up bags they're kind
of ripped and backed all over the place
now because that's what happens with the
primer but I'm really excited to
actually get into this hole and I hope
you guys do enjoy I also know that I
will get a lot of questions on this
jumper so I'll make sure to get down
below if they're having the UK cuz I did
actually get it when I was in America
from Urban Outfitters so that's that
anyways I hope you guys enjoyed the
video and without further ado let's get
so to start off one of the things that I
did actually get for Disney and I'm so
annoyed at myself that didn't get to use
it but I did actually get too bad that's
all I've got and I'm gutted that I
didn't use is this right across a body
bag now crossbody bags are just my
favorite bags in general and you
something like a backpack kind of girl
and I still love a backpack but
crossbody is just watch the am backpack
so both just so easy to use as soon as I
saw this I was like yes please
obviously it has Mickey on the front
which is just so cute I love the color
we all know my favorite color is red
it's so cute as well because it has two
different compartments in it and you can
actually fit a lot more ear than it
looks
actually the compartments are quite big
and obviously it's really cool that it
has to it makes it look a little bit
different as well my favorite thing
about the bag the attention to do
was actually amazing because it has the
gold sip but look the little God's it is
a little mickey shape like how cute is
that Auto Sales like freaking out when I
saw it I was like I need that bag and I
didn't even I didn't bloody use it but I
won't be keeping this for my next is
nature in fact I probably won't even
just wears to Disney but I'm just gonna
wear this all the time because I just
really really really like it so that was
the bags I didn't get to use however I
did take and use this one and got so
what actually goes in it it's not here I
don't know where it is because I used it
I took it with me but I did get so many
questions where this is from and
obviously it's Park I am you know what I
say I've been looking at some of my hair
looks mad I'm in looking for this
backpack it's the lights of storage 40
minute I actually I'm had today I had no
idea where I put it and I put it why I
put my bag so that's just so stupid of
me yeah I did this little backpack and
that I let you pose a picture of me
actually wearing it there for my
Instagram you should because you would
have already seen there but is this
little mini backpack it's really cute
because the straps go super long or you
can obviously make them short as well
but I really like the fact that it hung
down really low because it's like mini I
thought it would look really cute it's
also really cute because it's all
sparkly it's all glittery so it looks
like a lot more expensive than it
actually was it a little like you bought
it from Primark again the attention to
detail look at the zip like it's so cute
oh my goodness it has Mickey's gloves
and mini shoes and I wish is the best
thing ever so I absolutely love taking
this way and it's so cute and just kind
of like really finished off my outfit
and honestly actually I don't know about
why this one here at home maybe I would
I don't know maybe I'll find another
it's used to wear this hopefully the
next thing I got was this jumper autumn
is coming now and I'm so excited because
I need to like vamp up my background we
need to make it like autumnal because
autumn is actually one of my favorite
times of the year and it's also my
middle name I love buying jumpers so
much and you know what Primark have such
amazing quality jumpers especially for
the price as well now Brad has gone up a
little bit of prices but I feel like the
quality's getting better so personally I
actually prefer it was it too much I'm
pretty sure it was 10 pounds which is an
absolute bargain if you went anywhere
else I think it would be a lot more
expensive than this the quality is so
nice I'm absolutely addicted to leopard
print
moment in fact I've actually always been
in love with a friend it's just one of
my favorite prints I think it's really
cool it looks so nice on in fact I'm
actually already worn this so I'll post
some pictures of me actually just
wearing this jumper there any selfies
but I bought this so it's so soft like
so soft
hey jumpers that are like itchy inside
but even inside as well it's the softest
thing ever so 10 out of 10
recommend a nice thing if they did
actually have it in my size but I had to
get it just so if any of you have it in
your store you can go and pick this up
and just know that they have this I saw
this and I was like yes please get my
basket however I was very sad because he
only had like a lot bigger sizes than I
actually am this does not fit me and
it's way too big for me I literally
purposely bought this for the whole
because I just thought it was such a
cute skirt kind of reminds me of the old
like American Apparel skirts that I like
hated I think is so cute however it's
like this talk to me check print and I
just thought it's so autumnal and it's
so nice and honestly it's gonna be so
cute with this jumper that I also bought
even though they don't have this in my
size and I won't be wearing it I thought
together this will be the cutest outfit
so the jump had to go with it this
jumper here don't tell me it won't be
the cutest thing ever
because I know that it will it's so so
so cute and this is like my perfect
autumn out there I would love to wear
like I don't know cream along the high
socks that kind of like of the s5 I
could just see I can see myself wearing
this even though I'm wearing it because
I don't have my size but I could this
jumper again was a bargain
maybe maybe 15 pounds but I'm pretty
sure this was 10 again it's just like a
really plain a knitted jumper but it's
really soft and I just as I've mentioned
before I love prime UPS jumpers I seem
to get a couple every single year they
also have this in a bunch of other
colors and then they have it in a pink
like a dark pink a baby pink I think
they had it in a blue yeah I think they
had it in some like more like playing
the colors as well as creamer black and
brown as well so I might I may be
picking up some more I made one of those
people if I like something I have to get
in every single color because I'm gonna
regret it otherwise so I probably going
back to Primark then it's some little
bits that I got for the office I
love these so much so these are just
storage containers however I really like
the fact that it was white and rose gold
we all know that I love the color rose
code anyway and my hot base are pretty
much everything in our entire house as
you can see behind me is white so white
goes of everything and I have energy
center storage container that's white
rose gold so I really like this this one
more is at five pounds and then this one
was three pound 54 being honest I don't
actually think I need any more storage
holders but I know they won't come in
good use I believe you just finished my
office so if you haven't seen the blog
called the office downstairs I will also
link that down below I said you do like
a mini tour a bit and stuff and kind of
showed you I got the most of the bits
from inside of there little things like
this so if you I don't know want to
redecorate your room whatever it may be
then definitely go check that blog out
basically I just had to buy it because
they're really cute and I just couldn't
not I know I would have regretted it if
I didn't get them I actually forgot I
got there I love it so much so I'm so
excited to wear this so I got this
jumpsuit this is gonna be kind of hard
to show you on camera it's a black
striped ribbed jumpsuit it has white
down the side which I've thought it's
really cool I'm so into fairs at the
moment and so into just like flowy well
Flo jumpsuits pretty much but like flowy
travelers you know I just think it's
really cool I think it's so in so on
trend at the moment so I saw this and
immediately I was like I really want to
get that I also really like the fact
that it like ties around the middle and
I really like the fat as well and then
it goes quite low down as well so you
can have a good tiny bit of cleavage but
not too much obviously yeah I just
pretty much loved everything about this
job soon oh I'm so excited to wear this
because I actually have nothing like
this in my wardrobe so a can't bloody
wait oh my goodness again I am so
excited we all know I am like obsessed
with mugs
I forgot how did I even forget that I
got this going back to Disney I got the
chip of bubbles mug I'm so excited
anyone that knows me knows that I have
an obsession with mugs this is possibly
the cutest mouth I've ever seen
my life and you know what I don't drink
tea or coffee and I rarely drink hot
chocolate unless it's the winter and I
have an excuse to drink hot chocolate I
don't know when I'm gonna use this month
but I just had to get it anyway my
mother won't kill me because I'll mug
cupboard is like overflowing like we're
having to stack the mugs and once a
month one smashes because there's just
too many but I'm so hard to get it it's
just the cutest thing ever like
everybody needs a tip mark in their life
and then I got this I could go I got
this so this was two pounds okay
I thought everyone it gets the cactuses
from Ikea all right and I have three
that are so similar I can see them over
there they're dying a little bit I mean
just get a fake one I didn't actually
need to get a fake one I wanted to get a
fake one because I pretty much kill
everything I can't keep a plant alive so
I saw this one and it's fake and it
looks exactly the same and it's so cute
it was only two pounds and the best
thing about it it says I will survive
and it will because I don't have to
water it so this will actually survive I
then it got this cropped hoodie oh I
don't you get it oversized there isn't
actually two cropped I don't know I love
them okay I'm not sure where I'm gonna
keep this out so you love the pattern
often however I just don't like the fact
that it says drama so I love just
slouching hoodies like this if I'm gonna
buy that the slouchy hoodie it's
probably it's gonna be from Primark this
one was only eight pounds and so yeah I
really like it I really like the
drawstring to stuff I like the fact that
it's very thick it's super warm inside
so soft and I did try it on and I do
really like it boy when I got home I
realized that it said drama I just don't
know how I feel about that mmm but I do
really like the pattern of it like I
love the red black and then it'll die
Monte's but I thought that was so cute
so I don't know if I'm gonna keep this
maybe let me know down in the comments
what you guys think about it and if I
should keep it or not because I need
advice I don't know I'm really stuck
Oh next up in the back we have got two
jeans because Primark actually do really
good jeans I used to kind of be I don't
know I actually I get most my jeans from
River Island however not that long ago I
done like a big I think I can't report
video what actually was quite a long
time ago
I don't like a video that was me I think
it was me wearing Primark clothes for a
week or something like that I don't know
I can't remember
anyways I tried from work oh my god that
scared me so much my receipt just moved
off the floor like which I don't even
know how it must the window isn't even
open and you know how that happened but
I thought it was a wrap I don't even
know how but that scared the living
daylights out of me moving back onto the
G I tried on some prymaat jeans not that
long ago and they were such good fit
I've got so many compliments on them I
wear them all the time now and they're
definitely my most affordable pair of
jeans and tried this style I really just
like the pattern of it they were a
little bit different so I thought as I
really liked the other pair I may as
well get these as good they're
high-waisted skinny jeans and they have
this like mustard strip going down the
side which is why I wanted to get them
because I really like this and when it
comes to autumn and stuff I tend to wear
a lot of that kind of like a massa D
darkish color I just I'm really into
stripes at the moment oh and I like the
end as well I like how it was cut off so
yeah I'm actually really excited to try
these however these are a different
style to the other pair that I tried and
prime up before and so they might not be
as good they might not be as comfy or
whatever or a look as good but keep
updated on my vlogs on the Jean and I go
my own holiday actually I go away quite
a lot and I always just want like a
little tops I could throw just with a
pair of shorts it's really easy that
looks cute and sometimes the things
simple is better so I bought this plain
black crop top but it has these like has
a little picture of like two eyelashes I
just thought it was really cute we all
know that I love wearing falsies or just
love having big lashes so it's very me
and it's just easy to throw on and stuff
and then last but not least I don't know
where half the stuff is that I've got
because I swear
or more than this oh I did I know
everything after this now my favorite
color combination at the moment in fact
actually has been the hallway throughout
the year and I know you would have heard
me say this so many times but red and
pink
I thought they clash but they look so
good together I love the fact that they
clash I just I love it I love it I love
it it's all this stop and I was like I
really need to going up so yeah it's
just a plain pink top and it says Sunday
and I thought like this will just be my
Sunday kind of like chill t-shirt I
really like it I really like the fact
has a little heart underneath as well I
do think I might actually cut this so
it's gonna be like more crop I'm not
entirely sure maybe maybe I will this
was only four pound which I thought was
pretty good too
okay so this is the very last thing and
I do have to get this for my office
again
I just love my sandals I got this one
which is jasmine and wild fig it's
honestly the smell but I never really
thought I would like how am I gonna
spend it smells so good it smells like
I'm actually really bad I like
describing scents but it's like a mix of
like men's aftershave and like vanilla I
can't really explain it but I love the
smell of mint after shade but it's like
a sweeter a sweeter version so it's not
so boyish I'm gonna spritz ah it smells
so good I'm so excited to just light
this candle and put it in my own voice
over on it that is the end of this video
and I really hope you guys it did enjoy
it if you did don't forget to hit a big
thumbs up on this video and subscribe
down below and obviously let me know
more videos that you want to see it down
in the comments as I've been so many
times that you can go and subscribe to
my blog in Channel and very last thing
before we do end this video my mud
I have Walmart it's actually resource so
if you want to go and check it out it
would also be down below thank you so
much for watching and I hope to see you
guys for a very very soon Oh mwah
I
