hi guys and welcome back to my channel
today's video is a little bit of a Moana
and today's video is the worst things
about being a teenager now don't get me
wrong being a teenager can sometimes be
the best it could be so much fun but
sometimes it can freely freeze up and
then just party because people that used
to be teenagers that are now full-grown
adults have seen to somehow forget what
it's like to even be a teenager somehow
seem to focus all into the same category
under the name teenagers where there's
no difference between any of us every
one of us have the same personality and
nothing defines any of us as an
individual and so all of that brings me
on to my first mode out of the day
say for example I hadn't argued my mom
my dad or any sort I don't have a really
really valid reason to be as real mad
upset because of them but then yeah this
happens what
I can't believe just come from my father
you're being really dramatic saffron
it's okay you don't need to be upset
about it
it's not okay on our set and yes I'm
stressed because I don't get any privacy
inside this house such a teenager such a
typical teenager how many times have you
though thank you
it's not just me then what puberty they
are 11 or 12 years old loving life happy
Daffy having so much fun and it suddenly
bad puberty she ear is well you know not
a care in the world
happy you know being a teenager you're
not a child
yeah and I don't you just in the middle
you just you just can't with oh my god
you have no idea I've been one to the
tea that maybe for so long please can I
come I'm sorry darling I guess I don't
really think Oh Dena oh that sounds
really cool can I come I'll chat from
iscandar of that going in
no no not gonna lie that is my personal
blessing about being a teenager
sometimes I get totally way too old
sometimes I get told I look way too
young and I could just never win and I'm
always in the middle and I never get to
do things I want to do and it's so damn
annoying what
questions questions questions the
pressures of being a teenager hopefully
I'm gonna live for at least another 60
70 years I mean seriously why do I have
to make these decisions now really
that's why I said sure I don't yours
why don't you on war I don't know what
yeah I don't I don't know I told you
that I don't learn and I some grumpy
why'd you get so different even get
married little about it yet - no no I
don't even know
Sam bought by me and just talked about I
haven't thought about it Anna don't you
go to university
however how many kids do you think your
tragic like I said I have a thought
about again what apparently being single
and being a teenager it's not okay but
all your friends are in a relationship
and you're the only one that isn't they
then feel the need to go find another
single Pringle and just go partner up
with them and just assume you're going
to fall in love just awful for both
think all doesn't mean we have anything
else in common beyond updating anyway
just because it's easy on the thing on
the single shelf just give it a I won't
need anything seriously yeah you'll be
so that well past me like I don't really
think he's like Mike opportunity so yeah
I think I'll pass on I'm on me
I just I don't need a fight suffering
for time just give it a I won't need
anything serious Goldman okay okay it's
fine I'll go out with him tomorrow night
but I'm not promising anything so that's
the end of my video I really hope you
guys enjoy Rio you guys find it
relatable I'm pretty sure most of you
guys do find it where they talk if you
didn't in this video but kind of fail so
give me that thumbs up if you did find
this video relatable and let me know in
the comments below what you think is it
was always going to be the worst thing
about being a teenager also try at this
video let me know if you want to do a
part to it because there's a whole lot
more things I can complain about so let
me
in the comments below.also and I will
see you next week and I hope you guys
enjoyed subscribe hit that button if
you're new and I'll see you very soon
bye
