hi everyone and welcome back to my
channel so today's video is ador my life
I really hope you guys enjoy make sure
you smash a big thumbs up if you do and
make sure to subscribe if you're not
already and let's get straight into it
my full name is saffron autumn darker so
it was the 24th July 2000 when I entered
to blonde but let's go back before that
before I was born for me there was my
dad my mom and my brother Casey my
brother Casey was 5 when I was born when
my mom gave birth to me I had the
umbilical cord tied on my neck which
therefore meant I could breathe and
everybody got really upset scared I'm
very worried
after a few apparently very long minutes
I took a breath on I screwed there for
making everybody very very happy
although according to my parents I
didn't stop screaming for the next two
years 18 months later my baby brother
Jeff was born and that then made us 5
crazy had already started school and
didn't know already close growing up I
used to dress him up in two tiers an
tiaras all the time at three years old I
took my first dance lesson and I had a
rule after this it was my favorite hobby
and I carried on doing this until I was
11 I started school only four years old
enough making new friends many of them
are still my best friends now I love
school so much unfortunately I did not
know what happened because as I've got
older I'm not loving it so much myself
and gerbil in and out of hospital quite
a few times as we both have really bad
problems with our ears and hat our
forests one time we stayed in together
for two nights as we had our tonsils and
adenoids out but it was okay because we
had each other when I was 8 years old
I joined a singing group called Brian's
got a singing as it looked like so much
fun and it definitely was a coven of
years later I entered a local teen
competition called the bottom DJ
instructor and I was so proud of myself
because I got last days one of the
judges was Simon Cowell's mum said
because of this we had a big write out
in the Sun newspaper about it I was
literally over the moon this was a very
big deal for me
so you're dancin and actin was all I
ever did in my spare time I don't know
every single day after school and I even
done it on the weekends too in 2012 one
day our singing teacher asked myself and
my three best friends would like to form
a band and that was when warned blush
was formed me and the girls but everyday
rehearsing and practicing singing became
my life and the girls were my world so
moving on to 2015 when I was in year ten
in February that year I went on a skiing
trip for the first time with my school
to Austria we all had so much fun hey
there's me that's my skin and I just
want to point out at this point if you
have a notice already I cannot draw at
all
on the last day everybody was really sad
but I was over the moon because I
plucked up the courage to talk to a boy
I thought was kind of cute and we then
exchanged numbers
his name was Jane
Jake and I talked to face hand every
single day and became closer and closer
we knew we both had something special
between us from the mineable first in
June I went to her foot to see Jake
and when I was there he asked me to be
in one of his YouTube videos with him
you can check this out on his channel
I'll definitely put the link in the
description in this video we tried
Italian and E Jay became the love of my
life and I was so so happy although a
few days later Drake went on holiday and
the worst thing ever happened
I was absolutely heartbroken and all my
dreams were crushed born to blush had
split all of us was really upset I was
actually devastated and cried for days I
literally didn't know what I was going
to do in my life and I needed a plan B
then Along Came my knight in shining
armor by the way this is supposed to be
a horse not a lizard Jake was amazing
support and suggested I start my own
YouTube channel I love being in his
videos and already have started to do a
bit of looking in the band so I thought
why not give it a go
so that was that August first I sell my
own YouTube channel and do my very first
book called
change others fears I had started a
YouTube channel and I was really lucky
that some of you guys came over to watch
me and enjoyed what I was doing and
subscribed I really appreciate you guys
for giving me a chance
thank you
this channel was growing so fast on the
20th of October I set up my second
channel where I do my daily rolls this
is called sacra Barca vlogs I absolutely
love logging and I love this channel I
feel as if on this channel you guys get
to know me a lot better and I get to
interview guys a lot it makes me so
happy my vlogging family is growing and
growing and growing and currently there
is eighty four thousand five hundred and
seventy seven of ours which is
absolutely crazy to think that many of
you love to watch my everyday then this
happened
February the second I cried with
happiness I adhere a hundred thousand
subscribers on my main channel
I was absolutely over the moon and I
cannot thank everyone of you enough it
gets better
later that month I released my own
merchandise which is absolutely crazy
and response has been overwhelming thank
you guys again I love you and I love
doing YouTube so much I wonder how I
would ever live without my YouTube
family I've met so many amazing people
and had so many great opportunities
so I'm currently in year 11 and taking
my GCSEs which include dance Spanish I
perform an art I've got three months
left and then No More school for me so
that's my life so far I really hope you
guys enjoyed and for the future you know
watch the space
thank you so much for watching I love
you all bye
