everyone and welcome back to my Channel
today I am in the best mood you could
ever imagine in the whole entire world
because I'm joined with the best person
in the whole world
so today we are filming like practically
the most requested video mobile ah this
is their envelope such as poem that's
150 bucks ago cuz I decide you to do it
and see how good of a boyfriend Jake
really really is no no baby
you're an amazing boyfriend I don't do
on this darkness what are you doing
mothers okay mommy did you yeah okay I
swear i vq but in my face not my job
anymore policy we've failed the
girlfriend tag over J's channel and you
know we are doing the boyfriend yes we
are so we're excited to do it because so
many of you guys have asked to do this
so many times and we finally got around
to doing it and i hope you like the new
backdrop it's gonna have way more lights
in the future than length up yeah I got
into an accident are you gonna know that
I got you know my dad okay dajin what is
that is an anthem your hotel war you
just trying to promote just gentlemen I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and
let's get straight leg out oh okay you
physics interest rate away question
number one if I was a white laptop who
know most likely going to be watching
haha no idea you watch me
yeah you watch all mine is a boy yeah I
do it's about I don't really marine yeah
I watch assholes yeah yeah
persecuted Xena let me just explain this
story yeah I don't result out of a wire
they needed a green screen so I told you
this you to burn it just like editing
hats inside my name's Gabrielle Emery so
tired terrain and next man I see Jake
already sneekly type in her name in to
copy me get the green screen I don't
know what you usually get you again
effect yeah again we said foreign skin
and so you heard yelling was my favorite
youtuber to watch this Alicia Marie and
you should know that hey I said that you
idiot the option of marine what size
shoes do I wash it off
yes and they what song comes to mind to
anything could make why see than Jackie
that's not funny anymore I think I said
my Daniel and drunk
somebody's pretty go back here we're
nervous put a few jokes try to reach
over the video what's about singing yeah
yeah basically stuff in song by Rihanna
I'm some we can think that is are you
that we're saying here stars light up
the sky like I need you in my life my
life
and me speak your ways one thing you do
that no I don't like because I love
everything about you but one thing that
I find really really annoying about me
yeah I take a long morning basically
JT's but ever hears like I am more I'm
not a morning person but sourkappa wake
up at 7:00 yep and I need more so we've
got a 10 right the second I wake up I
check my phone under a box on our bed
Jade on the other hand oh he's better
than how often bed and then he spends 40
minutes in an hour
who is my best friend me yeah Bulger
yeah yeah that's one yeah boy is
something I day that you wish I did up
your poo sting sure now Jake it really
it would be tough on is very very very
very very right I don't find everybody I
may see out in the promo nine nothing
one lovely drops my loving nice looks
you like you could you can be bossy and
everyone who lives with you was one
thing you thought I wouldn't do or be
like when we first met me when I met
someone she was very much a singer you
still are she was she was very strong in
go band yeah now you're you Chiba I kind
of got my kind of this doing
entrepreneurship does if somebody said
describe me three words what would you
say I would say beautiful loyal and
humble oh thank you boys do me well
three words like me you'll be beautiful
insanely kind-hearted that comes wrong
way because I'm the only one
and quiet bassinet was one thing we both
D that can annoy each other never miss a
baby playing ready 32 budget you wanna
compare today is that for you yeah we
present same time a capacity hey Jake
and I get so competitive with everything
we do and I think it starts off because
basically Jake beats everyone it ever
don't know what I don't know
so unless this is what you know notice
what I always happens because you go oh
I'm saying this and you are you I mean
you're not joking my sugary stickiness
it will go to the high school fair
enough
we're going to play and I'll beat you
because you're good you actually Austin
know I'm being a bad return so I'm going
to be you're going to because I honestly
be Jacob Abbott Oona watch my dog your
point out right so I really hope you
guys enjoyed this video that's all of
the question that wasn't March day if
you want to see a part two then let me
know in the comments below also go to
college jinx video yeah yeah oh I'll get
you or in the description Jake do you
know you know my terrible how'd you like
me lay down 510 time to kids
yeah I hear you guys have enjoyed peace
match and make thumbs up and begin also
subscribe to you I'll be another video
whose Wednesday
you
