hi everyone and today I'm joined with my
uniform
which it doesn't actually have a name
eeeh I don't know what to call so maybe
you guys keep suggesting names but I
haven't feel I haven't feel that'll make
sense
I haven't felt as if one it suits how
yeah I was thinking eg if I'm not two
stores if you guys have any suggestions
my unicorn then please let me know
welcome back to my channel so today I'm
doing a school hat video which I'm
really excited to do this video
I've been wanted to do it for such a
long time I've done a hat video a couple
of weeks back and some of you guys also
do more hot videos as I found it really
helpful and useful and this one in
particular I think it's gonna be really
helpful and really useful because I feel
as if this can help anybody if you're a
high school college universe mr. finger
you don't done it again university or
even instant school wherever you might
be
I feel typically you'll be really really
useful so if it is make sure you smash a
big thumbs up and let's get into it
my first I like is a washable to heart
color most of us take a bunch of water
to school because face it who was drink
out the water fountain to put their
mouth on that metal not me so you take
your butter or water to school and by
the end of the day ends up be a warm
which is so disappointing and then if
you freeze it in the freezer it just
stays frozen the whole day that you
can't even drink it again another
disappointment and also if you like
properly properly leaks because the
whole bottle is frozen but I have a hat
for you so what you need to do is get
your water bottle and fill it up halfway
and then put it on the side then what
you do is you put it in the freezer
overnight and when you wake up in the
morning it should be half frozen so half
the bottle is frozen straight down the
middle and then the other half you're
going to fill out a water so what this
will do the water will then cool down
the ice which therefore means the ice is
going to be melted but into really
really cold water so therefore your
drink is going to
nice and cool the whole day number two
so I actually have two for this one it's
like they're both late on the same thing
and this is revision hacks now the first
revision hack is so easy all you have to
do is edit vision you begin at home or
at school or ever you've been doing it
take a picture of your revision notes
I'd say as your lockscreen
honestly this is so helpful as you can
see here I've just got like a few notes
jotted down and this little was stick in
your brain because if you're on your
phone a lot like I do definitely your
wake up you check your phone and it'll
be dead the first thing you look at in
the morning the last thing you look at
before you go to bed so in literally six
in your brain and it's so so helpful
another great idea is not only to just
like read back for our vision nose but
also just saying than that so if you're
hearing your own voice back about your
vision nose it's going to be so helpful
I find this so so helpful and it's
something I definitely do a lot for an
example I take Spanish so if there's
like ten words that I didn't know and
I'll it usually keep forgetting what I
do is I say them to my voice notes and
then I'll put my ear friends in and I'll
let you just listen to it back non-stop
and sometimes I do this like when I fall
into sleep because it's the last thing I
think or before I go to bed and even
though you don't realize you gradually
like picking off the words when you
don't realize but obviously some of you
guys might find that quite annoying
because it's like before you go to sleep
but also if you're walking to school or
ever you're going then it's definitely a
great thing because you've really really
pick up it's you're absolutely going to
love me for the next one no this is not
achieving this is just for like a notes
in class and stuff so what you need to
do is get an elastic band and put this
over a plate so it is completely
stretched out and what you're going to
do is you're going to write everything
that you need to know on that elastic
bone got it all down and then take the
elastic band obviously of the plane and
therefore it shrinks to its normal size
and nobody can tell any different you
have no idea that your notes on there
and then when you're in class also you
can just keep the elastic band on your
wrist and then when like you need the
notes then you can just like
stretchy elastic band and there it is
all of yours
that and nobody knows any different
personally I did this is genius but it's
not achieve with okay so as a lot of you
guys may know I absolutely love to chew
gum and sometimes I come from the
canteen at break time at the third
period I go in there and I'm still
chewing gum allegis day teachers hey
students eating gum no matter what
occasion they hate it and I I sometimes
I think oh my god when I have a gum
where do I haven't gone and recently
I've discovered the thing where all you
have to do is just comp you're gone into
a hand when they're telling you off have
you got gum in your mouth you're like oh
no no no no coffee
take a gum in the side god and they
don't even realize the single thing
honestly it's so helpful like so hard
for is possibly the best hack I've ever
learned semantics is really useful for a
vision if you do a revision on the
computer at home of your advising at
school just doing some research
basically as we all know Wikipedia is
very very very long it's like not
bearable I told is way too much writing
on there so I've now discovered this
thing called simple Wikipedia which
basically if you change the web address
to simple Wikipedia and basically what
it would do is it will highlight the
most important parts and completely
shorten it down so therefore it becomes
a lot more bearable and so much easier
to understand and just to like get the
key points in your head so miles hat is
really helpful for everybody that has
the new trainers which face it is a lot
of people when you cake pee and everyone
has PPD so therefore everyone's dream is
everybody's trainers can get really
smelly very easily and you have to carry
them either in your pee bag or in your
gnaw bag and it can see how the whole
bag as well which personally I do not
like at all and I'm guessing because it
smells you don't like either so the
cheap and easy way to do this is to get
a used teabag dry out completely put it
in your shoes and basically what this
does is it rather you just get this foot
it deodorizes them so therefore that's
wrong let's just scrap that work because
I've been trying to pronounce it for
ages
engines : so basically what it does is
it gets rid of all the nasty smell in
your shoes and therefore leaves you with
a peak it not so stinky anymore but
let's just say one thing please do not
leave the tea bags in your shoes and put
your fee in it and they split all over
your shoes but they're probably going to
smell worse than they already did and
it's going to be really uncomfortable so
please don't do that
so there it is there's most cool hats I
really hope you guys enjoyed this video
if any of you guys are on half-term
which I'm guessing most of you are then
I hope you're having a lovely time I bet
you cannot wait to go back to school now
with the help of me Thank You self Ron
oh yeah so yeah I hope you enjoyed peace
master big thumbs up if you did
also if a new subscribe to my channel
below will also subscribe to my
channel is to halftime so I'm vlogging a
lot more often now and also I do blog
now and then like when I asked school so
go check that out I hope you guys enjoy
and I'll see you soon bye
