somi somi
everyone and welcome back to my channel
so today i'm joined with many fernandez
and today we have created and absolutely
hilarious relatable everything a goalies
collab yeah i'd like the literally it
was so much fun forming there so as I
said in the part of the video this is
sleep over expectations beats reality
which I'm so excited for cause I want to
do it for so long right and then as soon
as I saw Bonnie I was like okay she's
the perfect person to do it when and
it's like we had so much fun yeah oh my
god also we did an awesome club over on
Barney's channel so you can go check
that out that will also be linked in the
description below so go check that out
after you watch this video and let's get
straight into it
oh that way yeah I'm so lucky like look
coverage for my boyfriend's oh my god
you guys are so gay I'm here how like
yeah you're kinda my boyfriend is oh my
god you guys are so July so those are
like I got I know right we were so good
today just make me so happy on the other
day over the nicest day and I was like
oh my god was he can expect to yeah
exactly
no yes oh honey
like oh I'm so cute I can't even oh look
at him ah he's so hot like I like I
can't get anyone to do you don't know he
died no super dumb bring the pen with so
much now who's so much fun yeah yeah no
yeah no but no no
you
like our look this is your Instagram
feed I know I'll work it maybe that was
wrong I missed so today this fear was
going up and now I know cuz if you like
like the way you look that much oh baby
you should go and love yourself do you
wanna have like a karaoke party No so we
hope you guys enjoyed this video if you
want to see more videos like this
expectation sleeps reality to make sure
you smash a big thumbs up yeah and also
give a big thumbs up if you want to see
more clouds ooh Barnea and they so let's
see and we can smash 15000 thumbs up so
we have known that by then yeah
definitely definitely can so yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed subscribe if you're new
also subscribe to my channel up here or
down below in the description go
subscribe to Vanya and I hope you
enjoyed ah oh my god good where I fancy
