hi guys welcome back to my channel so
today I'm doing an extra video because
NCS have asked me if I would share my
hashtag giving go to what is NCS NCS is
a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for 16
or 17 year olds to experience new things
make new friends to try things that they
may have never ever had the opportunity
to try for
so basically NCS have asked various
different youtubers to share their goal
and they've given me the cars to share
my hashtag giving go for this I've been
asked to share my experience of doing
some form of volunteer work or an actual
kindness so basically yesterday I went
out and filmed for acts of kindness and
what I decided to do was every time I
did an act of kindness I gave the person
affected this note that says this is an
act of kindness I hope you have a good
day please pass it forward hoping that
they were there to pass this note
forward and do something kind for
somebody else and so on and so on and so
on
so everybody's doing something kind to
somebody and it really made me realize
it's doing something for somebody else
it could be something small it doesn't
even have to cost much you don't even
have to go up your way to do it it can
really put a smile on somebody else's
face which is video or doing and it
really makes you feel good so here it
goes here's my four acts of kindness
this is something I probably wouldn't
normally film but I absolutely love
doing it so I hope you guys enjoy and
let's do it so this is one of my giving
deeds today and one of my africanus is
I've got a little package here that I
made and it has a huge blanket a jacket
and really hat and basically what I'm
gonna do is get some food and say
something like a hot chocolate and give
it to a homeless person somebody that
would really really appreciate it and
not only would this make them really
happy it's gonna make myself really
happy as well right so we're going
through the McDonald's drive-through now
and I'm gonna order a hot chocolate and
what was it a burger for a homeless
person and also I'm gonna do another act
of kindness
hi can I get one hot chocolate please
yeah and a leak not now
a Big Mac meal please okay thank you
drinking hot chocolate please
okay yeah yeah that's it Thank You Roger
Thanks
thank you pigmentation that
so as you would have just seen in the
last video I don't know how much you
would have heard and pay for the car
behind me as an act of kindness and what
I did is I told them and Donnell with
people the module of people to give this
to the car behind so they can pay
something forward and how do you do a
good deed for somebody else I've just at
least two lovely homeless men on this
obviously on the streets and I've given
them a hot chocolate because they looked
absolutely freezing and I've just missed
a huge event there are two they won't
mind me a film and I'm going to give
them this note that I've already
explained to them and we give them some
blankets food then we're going to go get
some change about climbing to the men
for quite a while but I didn't really
want to record it because it seemed like
kind of wrong and they were really sweet
they was so so lovely they didn't mind
being on film at all but anyway I gave
them two pound which they asked for and
at the end he goes to me I'm gonna pass
this on for you love and it made me so
happy because it really does mean that
people will like parties round right so
my next act of kindness is I'm outside
my friend's house right now and I've got
her favourite box of chocolates
I know these aren't exactly marched but
it's just about doing sake knives and I
know I definitely make her smile
happy and today I'm doing it up to claim
this so basically you have to pay it
forward to somebody else okay hey doing
freaked out are you cutie thank you we
parked it forward
it's okay bye okay I wanna come and I've
got the cake here then we're gonna
Surprise them with and a nice visit for
my mom myself so let's go do this let's
go first time he's not even they never
lock the door they just don't want us to
come a secret lien for me yes of course
Oh
oh it smells good doesn't it yeah
basically I'm doing this thing or I'm
doing like good deeds
so today I've gone out and I've done
those a good deeds like two different
people and I'm gonna give you a note in
a minute the basically says you need to
pass on the deed to somebody else that
you choose to oh I had so much fun doing
that so as you can see giving is just as
much fun as receiving don't forget to
share your hashtag giving dollars in the
comments below I all some of you guys on
Twitter to share your experience on your
giving goals lowers have you applied
some amazing things as you can see
popping up on the screen right now one
absolutely lovely bunch of people you
are to find out more about NCS you can
click in the link below or you can
search www.ncicap.org eyes enjoyed my
hashtag giving though it's much a big
thumbs up if you did and I will see you
Sunday with another video bye
