don't go okay buy it so today I'm going
to making your life a whole lot easier
because I'm sharing with you some night
max I use some on a day to day basis and
some what I've just discovered recently
another house because they are amazing
and I'm so excited for you guys to be
able to know my life hacks because
they're so cool there was them basically
they are so cool I need to share them
with you it'll be a sin if I didn't so
let's just get straight you go like me
and you love to paint your nails you
will know how incredibly easy it is
you're just not gonna be that nail
varnish that very moment what are you
thinking what is my mom going to say
fear not Sandra has a solution if you
spoon out varnish one trick that I've
been using is sugar it sounds really
really odd but trust me it works
miracles so what you say with your nail
varnish just get some sugar and put all
over top quite a lot I'm basically what
this does is the sugar draws up the nail
varnish and it sounds to say use red
nail varnish enjoy it off so it's like a
red sugar is so easy to sweep off and
your mom won't go that so this next one
a lot of you guys may know I've only
just discovered it I do not know how but
it's so so cool basically this isn't my
phone trick if you shake your phone you
can practically undo anything that you
just did so for an example if I was on
my nose that I accidentally deleted them
no in both shake my phone you then click
the undo note and your note reappears
and also save the text for example I
could be trying something and say was
like really really long I thought nah no
I'm gonna send that now shake your phone
and you can just undo and it just go
like that shake of an iPhone it's not
all off its from next month you can have
my broken Channel you're gonna know that
I'm
a hell of a lot about this tiny piece of
broken hand er it's so annoying but I
have recently discovered a way to make
you go back and it's so easy and it
costs hardly anything
how do you do this it's safe and it's
all for you pick your hair off and you
see these broken pieces of annoying
irritating hair you just want to hide
away you grab a toothbrush probably a
new one I mean you can have our one but
I would go the new one I mean they don't
cost a lot so grab a toothbrush got some
hairspray heads for your toothbrush and
it's so so simple all you have to do is
grab your hair and just put the tube
brush on the bay broken bits and water
you've got a tire slicked-back ponytail
thank yous okay so you see you at school
you may be really really bored so you
decide to fiddle with your earring I
knew that quite a lot you're fiddling
with your earring BAM you've lost the
back you're trying to searching for
where is the back in the earring what am
I going to do
my earrings gone now I'm going to lose
another pair of earrings good teachers
like saffron setup what are you doing on
the floor and then there's me like I'm
just trying to find the back what I
don't care you should have been
listening the other is in your pencil
case all you have to do is take your
pencil snap off some of the rubber put
it on the back of your ear is pop it on
and there you go folks encore fun and
you're on and your earring is basically
staying there for the rest of the day
now I'm going goes you I'm totally gonna
love me for this one because this one
saves you a whole lot of money and it
means you know sponsor goods for the
holidays before you apply your
aftershave on the path you whatever you
want to put it say on your wrist or your
neck or wherever all you have to do is
before you apply your perfume are hard
to shave get some of the need and just
dab it in the areas where you're going
to be putting your arm shave a part of
you and or make it last a whole lot
longer you can be putting your perfume
or aftershave on your roots or your nap
all right anyone simmilar final hag is a
really really good top tip for anybody
at the uses candles we all know how
annoying it is when you're trying to
rely kind rule that's completely died
out and there's only the tiniest bit
left at the bottom and you're trying to
move that hand in there there's not
enough room or you end up burning off
fingers or if you're like me and you aro
critics and they're like melting your
critics no it's so hard to try and fit
your hand in there to light up the
candle all you have to do is go to your
kitchen cupboard and grab out some
spaghetti now obviously because
spaghetti is really really long it's
perfect for liking candles because you
could just hold the end without burning
your fingers and it's just so easy and
so simple so I really hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you did make sure
you smash a big thumbs up and if you
want me to do more videos like this in
the future or a part 2 of this video but
make sure you also go ahead and smash
the big thumbs up because I have so many
more hats that I could just tell you
guys about like so so many I probably
make like 10 videos about it so let me
know if you willing to do that also
subscribe if you're new and if you
haven't already and also before I end
this video if you guys have any life
hacks that you were to tell me about
because I would love to know some more
like that so let me know in the comments
below as I would love to read them I'm
going to reply to a bunch of real
comments so go through there and I will
see you next time bye YouTube all you
have to do is sum oh yeah
yo yo yo don't go okay bunnies are
honest you've got it
