hi guys so today I am joined with my
boyfriend Jay and today Jake is doing my
makeup which I am at Antonia petrified
for because he doesn't even know what
hard things sitting on that chair is
Jake get it away and scared already and
as you can tell I'm completely bare face
and look very pale but I think Jake's
gonna change that for me let's go
straighter so in my time of being a
beauty guru I've learned a few ways how
to do makeup and makeup look I'm gonna
go for is a nice new year new Mila
what I start with we started foundation
it's a lot of stuff there are not only
to find goods I'm gonna go for the
liquid approach I need to put a hat now
it's like a put on line my nan bring on
white hand inside the contract please
dredging this day oh my god oh my god
yeah girl oh my gos you do a collagen
aha I found me some all of this liquid
stuff all is so much fun so much fun
icing on your face but not when I'll get
it done to me I can tell they already
look like disgusting awesome ah this is
what I would do you can't even make out
so once we've done our face there we
then move on to contour so we need our
chopstick which CJ noses cuz he brought
it for me we do is you grab your
chopstick just like when you're in the
restaurant we really get crayons and
endued color in your life hmm oh my god
your chin strap look that way so the
camera can see oh my god oh my god it's
actually so I'm actually making YouTube
really good
I just blend it in here just go just to
the edges
I'm mighty quite scared how much you
know about makeup James cuz I want you
to do it every night in my heart good
well that's it I can't see okay good
oh I can see from this angle that looks
good when you go on to bronzer this is
not bronzer but it looks like for this
we can use this oh it's highlighter that
is another can use this can I see
eyebrow kit which is the naked urban
decay kit this is no it's not it's the
nude palette take that's not my eyebrow
hair and then I want power up on the
pink eyebrows I'm just gonna seem to UM
be stopping this brow because I feel
like I don't want to start the hardest
one it's a better one that tomato but
for my English actually so good I'm an
actor Allah Oh
mm really does about docks mine anyway
let the paint brush for this place this
yes oh my god yes
- believe me I diner
you really do I nada join a risk of
sight for that right this is this quite
good approach I'm using your head as a
tripod for this sound stop moving all
over the place it feels really good cuz
I've done it so it was a Greek god
you've done it myself
really bad sorry gonna go for some sky
yes why did you do save onigiri
dates manga when he's channel on yup
okay go it's got this let it get taken
the Miko means we're making me do it
yes yes get in there
oh well I didn't do this the eyebrow you
know what city whose give me I think if
you told me a monobrow you're phoning
proud guy should see me I suppose like
collector of lipstick that one he's done
sweet and sour keep that on by cuz I
like that one this one is velvet teddy
like I want to and I'm gonna go for you
know I'm thinking that color eyebrows
I've never tried this before so they're
killings against role I want to get free
new look on the lips so I mean I know
we're doing might be our planets fall
day I've been thinking about how I'll a
new style fall you've been planning this
all day yeah one of all of it and then
you blend it brings out the lips a bit
you know they're gonna come and go damn
girl do it
damn girl beautiful yeah two one
okay jump all intact oh my good day come
on behind to me hey look at me look all
my booty cheeks it's really nice oh
really
but to be honest I'm loving the lips
really good job on the lips before you
begin fun this year really part again
really really proud of you if you want
to go get makeup done for Jake let me
know Tommy down below he's got his phone
number
he's a made part phone number phone
number
is oh seven nine so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and enjoy this new
makeup like I mean I would do a tutorial
if you want me to on this lip even
they've already seen it I mean you can
see it again because it's just such a
what was the little heart you new year
new me new year new me new style
yeah new style we also filmed a video on
Jays channel where I do he's make I mean
it's out to eat I look like an angel
if you want to watch that video makes
you click the link in the description
they will take you right there and
comment saying clap once but you
certainly yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this video if you did give it a big big
thumbs up subscribe if you're new and I
will see you soon with another video
