Oh
have a future husband hi Wow
oh my god we finally did it we got
married right here's my message to you
if I'm honest I haven't no clue where to
start this video but I think I'm going
to start by saying congratulations
you're a guy no in all seriousness I
want to thank you it's clearly you're an
amazing guy otherwise I would've married
you I also want to thank you for putting
up with me
my bad happiest moments things my dramas
probably every little thing that
somebody else doesn't love me for so I'm
wondering how we even met yeah I hope so
do my parents like you I hope my mom
likes you in fact my mom will like you
if she hadn't of liked you we wouldn't
have been married simple as that
does my dad like you it doesn't really
manage one is if we're just grateful
that you took me off his hands speaking
your parents they've also known your
video message hi future son-in-law I'm
actually feeling quite emotional Wow I
mean I just just don't many know where
to start
nah she's married when when the videos
on she's married she's my baby girl and
I hope you're treating her right she's
married now no I mean
don't cry love yeah basically my you
just want to say well done I mean you
must be a brave guide you're fit come on
had a lot of patience if I'm honest I
did leave your thinking gonna happen
like I'm known for she's gonna get
married so well done to you can't thank
you enough
PS thanks for paying for the wedding
night well that was entertaining
fortunately for us we got married before
they showed you that video message
personally I'm thinking that what a bill
you off I really hope we together
forever because I only want to do this
one so I hope you know what you've got
yourself into I'm really looking forward
to having kids but I'm thinking maybe we
could just borrow some first likes till
it goes
I don't know I think it's kind of a big
deal with a neck I really hope I'm
making you proud have my DNA sports good
or have I still got them really hope we
both have enough money to get a made
otherwise I really hope you like
cleaning I want to thank you for the
proposal that was amazing
don't let me down how old am i when we
get married are you older than me to be
live in a house or to live in a flat
London or New York I'm really hope we
have the two dogs I've always turned
otherwise I'm going to be pretty
disappointed so if you Talisman to this
is my 15 year old message to you don't
worry if we haven't done all of these
things I'm sure you've made me a very
happy person otherwise we would have
been together right now I love you bye
so I really hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did make sure you smash a
big big big thumbs up personally I
thought this video was pretty funny and
a pretty cool idea and it really made me
think what do I want my husband to be
like and what do I expect for the future
do you know what it makes me think like
maybe we should all do something like
this maybe every one of us should do a
video for a future wife and husband to
see how much we change in the years
comment down below what you think your
future husband or wife should be like
and if you think you've met them yet
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed this
video and I will see you soon with
another one bye
