hi guys and a Happy New Year so my first
video of 2016 and I am joined with Jay
hello today Jake and I are doing the
guests the body part challenge and to be
honest I haven't thought of one single
thing yet or what Jays going to guess of
mine and one of the first basically how
this works is either of us will be
taking turns and we will be blindfolded
with this adorable super Mars that I own
we won't be wearing it and other person
has to get the body part with a finger
and I will be taking drugs finger and
say for example to admit that cheek you
get me I got you the first body power
I'm scared
why are you ready on the may face reason
slimy slimy if it was slimy can we do
again one more time on the time awesome
of your finger here with me days not it
was do you think that's a boner for
that's always everyone that's that's
only one possible it feels again no
now you can't use your other fingers but
I'm doing so I'll stand completely
different live why us why move them wet
now they put on your English they're not
wet
I've met lose so nice on you
die so we can say again it's the reach
in your mouth
yes how I know when you pulled up I'm
living for now what about that
oh hey boy birthday
judging by the height
don't do that again the pace that y'all
don't realize that was slimy and you
should tell me exactly what this is that
is the inside of your it is not a finger
off
but in your feelings because students
tend not to snap my finger ah yeah
it's not me get Travis is down again
now you're tricking me look away I won't
be surprised meet your families find me
are you talking about TV I will be
surprised with it slimy really all the
time
get away to the like it one more time
I've assigned super mouth it's cuz I
think Georgia time don't leave a bomb
hole but I think is right here no why is
it yeah if that was your home no it's
the wooden Bo vanishes I just did that
do ya
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah new thing is my
hair yeah no it was I'm not so like
helping me I really hope you guys
enjoyed this video let us just say Jay
has a really slimy buddy we also filmed
a video over on Jake's channel so a
cloud so go check that out we'll be in
the top line but to be refined on keep
behind our cable this way a little bit
deformed but no no I think it's quite
cute actually sway in one this market we
have a swag kids if we're new to this
channel make sure you hit the subscribe
button and it thumbs up and I will see
you soon with another video
