hi guys so I have been on YouTube for
probably four months now as a lot of you
guys may know and I feel as if I've been
getting to know you guys a lot better
getting to recognize your names more and
I feel as if you guys may want to know a
lot more about myself so today I'm going
to be telling you 40 facts about me my
full name is saffron Walton Parker I am
15 years old so currently in year 11 and
my birthday is on the 24th of July 2000
which makes me earlier I have two
brothers one called Casey one from Jed I
am the middle child my older brother is
20 and my younger brother is 13 I also
have a dog called Bella and she is a
beacon fries and she is here let me
shake she is absolutely adorable and
this is hockey yo I find it up cause I
know she won yay all she's so cute I
love cute we got high like 10 Alf
Christmas hat and she hater which is
really annoying but yes is better and
she is adorable my interests include
editing filming YouTube dancing singing
and acting before YouTube I was in a for
Peace Corps band called born to flash
this is with three of my best friends
singing wasn't took over my life I sank
every single day we had so much fun
although unfortunately we decided to go
our own separate ways although we choose
to remain best friends honestly I am
obsessed with Americans Americans
accents anything in America I absolutely
love America I wanna live in America I
want to be America I don't like tea or
coffee although it's one of them things
that I would absolutely love to like so
it's so annoying I don't like it
Oh - Dermott traits in a person would
definitely be honesty and loyalty as I
think they go a really really long way
and though I do feel as if white lies
are sometimes needed as honesty cannot
always be for the good sometimes you do
have to tell white lies to be kind I am
addicted to chewing gum I probably have
about 20 day at school sometimes I have
to remind myself not eat to exam because
I'm too obsessive my worst nail for me
would be anything that has seafood in
there or anything that's spicy because I
hate spicy food I hate seafood and if it
had my qualifiers like like yes my worst
food could even imagine it when I was 10
years old as I loved singing I entered
for a local competition at the bottom
teens X Factor and I actually ended up
winning this and I ended up being in the
song for it and which I was so proud of
myself for and the cool thing about this
competition was that climbing cars mom
judged it so I felt like kind of famous
and the fact that I was in the Sun and
so yeah that was such a good day and
this little round smiley thing is my
face right in the corner there but all
the time biggest fear is death and as a
magnifies my natural hair color is brown
when I was born I had the umbilical cord
tied around my throat and I stopped
breathing for up in a minute
so therefore everyone was really
panicked and more aid although a couple
of minutes later I did scream at the top
of my voice and they was therefore
really relieved although I did get told
that apparently I was screaming for the
next six months so my favorite flowers
are roses
I love pink roses red roses and white
they are my all-time favorite things and
we're really messy and an organized
person which is actually a pet hate of
my own I have myself and if you watch my
blogs I think you would have figured
this out just by looking at the mess in
my room all of the time my favorite
cereal is crave as well as my brothers
and so therefore we are not allowed to
in our house anymore as it goes the
second we get it and also I'm recently
loving chocolate clusters up another
favorite cereal mine
so as I'm in your 11 I have taken my
options and I'm in my final year which
means I have taken performing arts dance
and Spanish as well as obviously all
other subjects that I have to take I
live in Brighton in England which I
absolutely love I love it here in
Brighton it's so so nice although I do
want to move to America when I'm older
my two favorite movies are the amazing
spider-man and the last song now I have
seen the last song 27 times and every
time I've watched the last or is with my
best friend Georgia now the first time
you watched the last song was together
and since that day we cried so so much
like our faces 8:00 in the morning that
we promised each other we would never
watch it of anyone else and so we
haven't watch it with anyone else and
every time we watch it we still
absolutely burst into tears so I'm so
excited to watch at the 28th time I
believe I'm 5 foot 2 and I have size 6
feet a favorite shops are Victoria
Secrets pink and Victoria Secrets
although it's really an iron because I
have to go to London if I want to go to
them so if I was shopping in Brighton
then my favorite shops are liver island
and Topshop I have a boyfriend called
Jake who is also the same age as me and
I love him not I'm not religious
although I do really respect anyone that
does have a religion and I think it's
really really cool if you do believe in
something my favourite holiday
destination is obviously and
although I had the best time over Mexico
it was one of my favorite holidays also
and people over loud for slapping a
dream of mine is traveling the world
there are so many countries that I want
to visit especially like fazil and Japan
Japan's one I've always wanted to go to
although I know and like any of the
foods out there I think it's such a
clean country and I'm losing so the next
part one Ranger Tony probably sounds a
lot cooler than it is I was actually in
a movie called Byzantium I kind of
wonder how older was I think it was like
a couple of years ago which is like my
claim to fame although I was only a
little extra on the beach so I didn't
really do much and I dressed really
really quickly like my character I was
like a Victorian orphan so if I hide a
picture I will show you a picture of
that and it's really really funny I had
to have like a slide friend although I
didn't have a slide frame so it just
looks so weird if you ever watch the
film and you look hard enough you will
see me in it with my little funny hat
and singing along with like a big choir
social media is my life if you didn't
know already all my links to my social
media will be linked about when I was
younger I have really really bad
problems with my ears which meant I had
from it
six tons and they kept falling out which
therefore led me to having a hole in my
ear and which means I had to go back to
hospital and had more operations on my
ear which means they then had to like
cut open my ear and then like stitch up
and do something probably disgusting
which also then Lybian like this big how
well it was a bandage but it looked like
I had a big helmet on my head it was so
stupid and it was so embarrassing and I
will also insert a picture up there of
my helmet bandage thing on my head that
I defined is so so funny and also
connected to all of that I had to have
my tonsils and adenoids and think that's
how you pronounce it and out as well so
I went to the hospital quite a lot and
another interesting fact about me is I
love with the hospital every morning I
look at our firm run into our desperate
like these another possibility today are
we going to the hospital today
I love to going to the hospital because
I love their playroom and I just love
the people there and they always have
like this electric 20 cars you got to go
on if you have an operation as well and
it was the best thing so I love the
hospital I absolutely love chocolate I
definitely prefer chocolate chips meat I
honestly do not know how anyone can a
fire sweets to chocolate like it really
confused me chocolate is so much better
I favorite chocolate bars of Mars and
boost oh I also talked about booster
chakras are not booster tops of our but
I'm absolutely in love with boost juice
it is my favorite place to go to every
time and power and I see a boost juice I
have to go there I am obsessed with
their slinging these Swami's please and
the strawberry and cream interest summit
is my favorite season and Christmas is
definitely my favorite time of year as I
just love the Christmas builder my two
favorite singers are Justin Bieber and
Jessie J I've seen them both in concert
and they are absolutely innocent so
there you go and there were some facts
about me I really hope you guys enjoyed
this video and got to know me a little
bit better comment for know and some
interesting facts about yourself as I
would love to know them and I love
reading free commerce especially and
interesting facts about yourself
and so go do that give it a big thumbs
up if you enjoyed and I was eating with
another video
