hey guys so it's actually the end of the
day now it's really really late but I'm
going to insert this clip to the front
of the whole vlog because and I have
just got a new channel and this is my
vlogging channel and so everything I'll
be vlogging will now be on my second
channel which will be linked in the
description below so if you guys could
go subscribe to that if you want to see
more vlogs like the one that you just
like to see and the ones that you've
seen in the past then go subscribe to
that as I won't be blogging on here
anymore it would just be like main
videos and stuff so good you Lola so
yeah we can either show you that and
I'll see you over on that channel
I don't need optimize on that channel
yeah okay so today we are going to send
to parks and I am so so so so excited
and they should put me back basically
we've just literally for this packing
we're just doing our last few things
that we can't fit in our suitcases now
it's all that somewhere yeah basically
this is my suitcase and this isn't even
half the stuff some of its in my dad's
as well I'm with it you have no real
case so hair and yeah so I don't you
have no room don't really know what I'm
going to do and just got to shove it in
the car just hope for the best and the
boys win meow
well dad you don't know so that was
surprising when I got shows on yes thank
you
you just look up at me service station
and Jake and I have just woken up gosh
stop we're so tired we are odd brain
pillow silly country in the car but
we're so tired and it's the tiny set
it's not really a service station this
is a shot I just come on back off by the
way do I do
oh you scared breakfast fake razor these
acting my favourite things that's really
nice figure it's hot dog enjoying it
huh hahaha
what is it then yes it's just bredren
it's awesome of myself yeah
that's odd we've just arrived in our
cabin at centre part the actresses
welcome Jeff ROM so what does that say
Jasmine but um Jake and I got the bigger
room we don't hide and ko isn't taking I
won some go ahead and test blue coin
right yeah
uses our mum dancer and they get the
noise big room
all's nice mirror rooms it's no big
river is bigger than ours
yeah well yeah Bobby is that they get up
wet
right James okay oh gosh we get a nice
from top so we have these nice and
orange while it reduces design we just
thought it's quite unique don't wait
this is OLS cushion is that bull from
Australia yeah this one um that was from
Chanel right family walk days leading we
are off the guys we are off to go we're
off to go to collect our bikes we're
getting back in the car to go to collect
I'll buy get are picky wiki's I pick you
keys and hopefully Jake annoyed it was
happen I just don't care if not we think
and we gonna get a double one I'm doing
the steering Drake would you the pet in
that back
mmm forever yes just picked our bikes
and actually I'm kind of nacho
who's that gracing the whole time
remember I was jacket feels so cold like
oh I did ask I'm actually so enacted on
here we go
want it the hard way yeah and I mean
take a toccata go back to the car it is
really far with at you where anything is
it we don't know we don't know where we
going head drug bet there's I glows it
or the carpet which the hedge so I'm not
really sure so so we're going to go back
there because we need to pick up scent
from the car
so we'll be even more NACA when I
arrived back in just like marching home
what kind of Hadlock did you get did you
get different colors who know who's good
all our bikes the same colors are going
from padlock or angry vocal purple Oh
surely no no this that Connors are I
think I used to read Zahn yeah can I
read okay
Jake's just straightening my hair for me
to get amazing about Harley so we've
just got ready and we're just about to
go out um what was about I'm not sure
and we just about to go out to Warburton
wartime freshman is it again an American
restaurant so it's gonna be really nice
talking pashto hadji fans like I was to
500 I he's behind me would you fancy um
some book I really fancy chicken burger
like really bad EJ I really wanted to
confer go oh yeah really on chica burger
we need good runner bikes and I'm gonna
be absolutely freezing
oh yeah oh we're gonna be so cold
no I let's say good we've gone over to
you got
that's actually huge the white people
suck to explain and they like that like
the it's not to be too late
go miss James Frank Jays trying to do it
but this is man yeah yeah I could do it
okay
we're right go then
Oh
trying to that one in yes
Jake you know I think we could actually
win by genuinely behind that line on a
serious note I think we can win there I
think we're good
Jeff on the wind right let me get some
Accord
babe hello wait get this in here
what'd she do is what you typically is
last day Jake and I just lost against
ending so we we go from an to and we're
going philology we've swallowed by the
rich would you do it like every other
color so I mean like every other color
it's like yeah we've agreed with small
bites have such a Frenchman's but it's
not then what what were you doing like
all up on misses me nothing so let's do
this stay there boom
so Jake and I try to get to cover now
Jay to the wall in I wanted hi now
morning
okay but basically I'm going to end one
thing yeah we have like that also like
this important yeah well you can you
just have to like
right go we just paid and for the third
time and I lost when I was on my own
against Jake but only by one ball he had
to put the black and I had fun going
into that but you guys at all but I'm
we're going we're going to paint bowling
now and I'm hoping to do a bit on that
but I'm already so well but tomorrow or
tonight I think we could have play and
what's it called a call yet back in turn
and I'm a lot better about mminton the
right arm and everything else and I've
actually quite good bounces so I'm
hoping to do when I'm not I'm not doing
pretty go
that was quite good
I'm talking
other lights like kind of like
weird light light up colors are they
just the lights boom hot
okay maybe not boom but Jake and I don't
have blogging a blog again please I've
logged in as 124 below remember we're
doing a block in the vlog okay
a log in and log oh I'm gonna dog out
the door me Jay and I'm ending this
video here now as um it when you and I
it's 11 something what is a 115 it's 115
no it was the reason it's like half 11
or something I would like to just rode
our bikes back home and me and Jake tied
in bowling I think what if the winners
of you wanna but like seriously tomorrow
I'm really hoping that I win babbling
typical actually on the hot girl hour
yeah I may be hour at badminton and I'm
related there because I'm super tired
we're going to go to bed now I'm going
to go to bed now watch you know I'm not
we're going to edit out with edit this
vlog but before I end once again please
go subscribe to my second channel and I
will see you over there tomorrow bye
