hey guys happy Saturday and so normally
on a Saturday I get up early in the
morning and I head to the gym and then I
come back and then later on I go to
dancing but today is very different
every other Saturday because I am going
to see Jake walk meet Jake halfway in
Oxford and as that's why we're meeting
him to pick him up and I'm so excited to
see him and next week we are going to
Center Parcs together well Jake's not
coming the whole time because he has to
be somewhere and half of through the
week because he students aren't really
special but um yeah so he's going to be
here till Wednesday so I'm really
excited to see him so we're leaving now
it's 20 past 9 so we're just about to
leave and get in the car
so get that's all I have to say this
morning this so we asked what - we're 15
minutes away
we have enjoyed it
you know although I've been asleep
because last night has a 5 hours sleep
and so I haven't set to launch so I have
conceived no alcohol which means I'm so
tired right now so I need to have my
diet coke to give me some energy and how
can you say it took us to get
I
yeah it's Justin taken an hour to get
through tomorrow so now
now we're more traffic like normal
always so much traffic it's ridiculous
so we are back oh my god I didn't date
they found me on the street yes okay we
M what is it what was I going to say
Daniel it took us ages to get back here
well I left the house at 9:40 Jake but
we left early but we gather our Fuchs
we'll always do uhm so yeah we left at
night all day yeah yeah cool story
 you forgetting about way yeah what
don't make good oh did that make sure
show them show them what's good about it
I was cuz I don't mean my Black Widow
Delina I mean I just cover the mic again
so and we have been trying to get
Netflix to her for how long now but so
long and it's not working on my TV and
so it had the whole family well apart
from my young brother my mom dad and I
older brother
all come in and try and sort it out and
now we'll just ended up getting the
laptop and plug and well certainly
called it in HDMI Reid yeah that was
like sex yeah that need food so yeah
we've just plugged it in and now we're
watching my favorite movie ever on
popcon TV which is a really good em app
you pull it into any movie ever anything
and watching my favorite movie which is
the amazing spider-man trick coming for
is it because you're going to miss it
and hasn't seen it so them I'm so
excited him to watch X is my favorite
movie
oh my god how do i port it they go on
that but first he needs to show me some
evil face web so that's what it entails
let me show you this is it walking now
have you skipped your back to the game
okay mean joke or sold and take away I
think will be indifferent to a place for
the Chinese Li no I was going to get an
email card
hello again I serious I'm serious my
what we gonna get did you just keep
backs beginning yeah
and high times in the head and we'll
begin here I think basically we have a
nice tea bag without the road they do
really due to collapse that's what I'm
getting
okay are you gonna we're gonna get
Domino's oh my ok don't move
bye boy Sammy my drill I don't know what
something's up all right 644 and we just
got a whole lot of it's time yeah you
did but no Jake can you help me open
come on oh yeah
now we favorite one huh
nice cool you're really enjoying there
hey where'd you get away you gonna mess
us up then you've got me in bengay stop
on fine idea
and Nia VM the room string is how we
need to smell identically to top it up
in my band or presenters Melanie is a
fool with your and now it's my
daddy's back you'll see that wasn't even
looking at myself looking at myself
looking at myself when you watch his
back to realize I wasn't even looking at
myself
assault making a song
means you need right away okay -
training is he in no time this may be
out my bow no
or whatever watch that Kevin Hart thank
you Kevin
basically every time we inject won't
sleep on their faces it's longer beside
the pill yeah it takes us so long to
find it so if you know anything but you
should what
there's no no it's the core basically
take minds all these like really really
boring like all these law Diwali bill
the bill it's like eggs I'm gonna watch
it alone no using one or our darts right
basically yeah Batman's likes to action
yeah exactly like we always end up going
Jake's ray anyway dogs your choice oh
yeah I know rap this is Dillon I would
always do it doesn't matter yeah and
because like Jake just want sort like
comedies but not like good comedies like
heaven harm yeah I get it's funny
tonight you stand up who wants to watch
a whole movie on it not moving with you
whatever isn't every warrior always in
there
Josh Odie sure so buddy hey what makes
him a bit about yeah he does a bit about
teacher telling his mother she look at
me some better see what is in it yeah oh
no isn't working we strongly hard on you
oh wow where you taking off me thank
Mitch in my face please Zoe position
Jake feed whoo come on sapphire oh ah
good night people we're off to bed
although battering we must go to it can
you all go out assuming we don't flow
battle
Ricky's flashing red Oh doctor but you
kick out to my hair good night babe all
good night but you gotta go by right now
you got a favor
come on hey
