hi guys so today is going to be a very
special video because it's this time of
year is coming up to Halloween and I'm
so so excited so I have dressed up and
so has my brother
so today Casey and I we are carving
pumpkins now we are really there so
finding the ones in the background for
you we already get it off why we have
certain amount time to carve the
pumpkins but in Texas I need to do a
good pumpkin it'll probably say yeah it
hates us hours to do pumpkins or me so
this is gonna be a struggle I then would
you thought he comes out with I think
we're just going to pick out the Hat a
certain Halloween II seem like a ghost
or a witch or a goblin or whatever out
and we have to carve it in that certain
amount of time so I hope you guys enjoy
this video okay so the first thing we
need to do is pop our pumpkins with
already saw and now we have to take this
gruesome stuff inside of it this is so
disgusting
you shouldn't have nails you ready oh my
okay see this make a check no means mine
is disgusting Cottle's we have our two
little Hydra fine pumpkin party cake
he's gonna help us I might still be cute
I'm a cop oh it's big enough my heart
I'm hoping uncle see I come to you my
name is better
going Bush let's get about your with
yours isn't good but lines just don't
big enough this is stop calling my baby
oh my god painting my heart this is the
move don't you jump back okay see I'm
going down Oh somebody if you do not
already oh hang up so we've got it our
pumpkins watched our hands and we're
ready to go
we've got but pop Cantrell with our
piece of papers that have whatever we're
going to be carving and I've got my
phone which will have a trying on AC and
I we're going to have six mixed videos
which is honestly not a lot of time at
all not a lot I really think I'll be
able to stop what everyone's Davian to
cut out like a knife whatever team
gymnast in that format time I think I
mean we might get away saffron would you
like to cool I wait okay
hey wait quick tweet mobile into the
which I do not know cuz if you like
something related to which no it has to
be a witch oh my god there's no I think
I've had about time I know what it's who
knows the best but in six minutes so
I'll put this one away and let's get my
time over here are pretty bare pumpkins
ready ready to go you've got two of
these little things from our Tom King
cars are like little really nice things
don't know what they are absorb it
bother
part of kit yeah so I know but what
actually always forget the question I
didn't know you happy supporting that's
none 86 minutes begins questioning when
questions are etiquette ready ask it she
got it over the day Joe guitar like you
already can't get ahead oh I know I'm
doing it a little bit cocky about it
again but your people hey oh no this is
getting sorry bad awesome
Oh activist after sir we've been in the
white residents event honestly I'm
talking amazing time oh my god
you go for the full shebang for which
life you should you which hats and
quantities related and put your home
now we wanna show each other yeah right
these are bizarre that was only got one
leg stuff um definitely 100k formula
pumpkin noises
so I'm gonna do up and we have now got
two new pumpkin for each other we've
already jotted them stuff out KC is no
your turn
that's why you chose as this sign we are
doing a goes goes we go okay six minutes
wait my go then forget
on my leg now you put me off it Oh
Gracie hey see amazing life anew I guess
you're done around oh well I lost my
never have one like I've definitely not
this is so embarrassing
Ready Steady is one better
um use it like a pacman what bubbles
yours to the ball
my boys what cool guys
how can you do is I lose the way that is
better no
30-100 someone taking about honestly you
actually won
Casey clearly really wise like I the
pac-man is hot man in the comments put
it that the sizes right ain't pretty
good I had extra time so I probably
should have gotten on the pupils no it
is one oh so now you're hot
our final comp Caen and this is the
pumpkin that will make us the winner or
me the winner because I wrote win oh
 oh no oh well actually it's been
about the eyes well I won where the eyes
in a way so easy to tell my mom there's
a problem because my younger brother
carved pumpkins we did have six so you
have five so what we're going to do is
you're going to have to look for one of
our faces that we've drawn I'm going to
do back of it and then spin it around
show you
Cheers let's get cotton this is going to
interested as many things like right
let's get the Troy Road a and let's
begin the winning round rice garden okay
six minutes again
yeah while I have to saw many times so
I'm on again
yeah all right potatoes
okay well I have lost right so mums in
the room and she's gonna judge for the
final time to see mr. dun dun dun it's
Christmas cough all the way this year is
a skull is let's go
no heels things to say once again Oh
stamp it's on them why is the best one
sure yeah my suffragette some spoons out
right cases might look a bit more like
better
oh does it might not be the same a
go like this couple butts up one yours
comes out yes
hi this video you voted you want in
mom's eyes but everyone that's watching
is right in the comments below who
things wrong the overall thing and I
already want thanks guys no yeah
everyone Oh George a commercials for you
special buy this one I'll take my eyes
out and I can put them all that started
 how'd you do that
my life that broke earlier on I stuck
that through when I broke my eyes off so
I just my god with your eyes oh they're
just all for winning this one cool oh
boy my ones with the eyes one okay so we
are going to end this video there I hope
you guys enjoyed watching this video
don't forget to leave a comment or who
you thought had the best pumpkins
overall that was my phone and don't
forget to do that Africa's forgot
already what you guys saw in Saffron
it's a sore loser
no I'm not going to do that also but my
like makeup that Wednesday and our
contacts will be linked in the
description below which you can go buy
them because I'm loving our contacts
like attraction in any cases that it's
so cool so if you want to buy them then
the links will be in the description
below there aren't much at all that's
about it
so I hope you guys enjoyed watching this
video and I will see you seeing with
another video bye bye
so we are on our second
pumpkins here just about to call a
six-minute time are we start I did what
can I say
who's waiting
