hello everyone and welcome back to a
newer video is the today's I've just got
a copy the post so today's video is very
exciting because today every one of the
literature being this it's my 18th for
days after it's my birthday party and
like I have been leading up to this day
for a while so currently getting my hair
down as you guys can see by the amazing
Jack who's behind me can be waved a
camera and my mum and dad are they're
gonna start getting ready in a bit
basically it's like a white party and
I've taught my drugs and stuff so I make
sure I show you and I'm getting my
makeup done after this and then my mum's
getting a hair done and everyone's
getting super glam on point Armijo
anyone
okay everyone's ignoring me but we are
going to be getting to super glam
basically so I thought to the party in a
half hour
right that's me actually yeah yeah I
think that as a kid maybe more time
outside then I thought yeah I have at
the trial run and that was he might has
here yeah and Jack done my hair half up
half down and it was like long and it
looked so like amazing but we decided
but anyways but it looked amazing
tell me about half an hour
like chance with my hair from there to
there and I was like oh yeah you could
not basically yeah ever since just come
on Plum Island he's been Georgia yes I
did watch it last year yes like
everybody talks about it last year I
thought there is no way do not be
involved in this conversation so the
second is not the right let me give an
tech mini but I love Aleksandra yeah I
think she's so sweet
alex is driving me whenever I know
strangers
No yeah our address
if I threw my hair and makeup and stuff
myself like if I spend loads of time
Ahmet I end up looking worse but
overseas you know that all the time you
can go you know stomach that before I
even started
yeah that we use just wearing like yeah
like it today but nobody it brings it
in the big house
to the end
we're gonna be ready after mr. bicha so
she can find some guy yeah it was that
yeah yeah
sometimes it's actually better with
album I is because there's so much like
my area
yeah these pictures already enjoy where
you are now exit enjoy speaking so much
like when I was like so much breathing
because I put a lot people gonna be like
why you're going to sell out 1/18 is
because well we sit upright 18 to table
because it's kind of bigger than 21 and
a half isn't it and also because when I
hit a million subscribers like I
promised everyone I was gonna throw this
party so for like it's like what all of
my friends and family more than it's
just for me whole to you yes like
everyone's like to thank everyone what
was being there for me and so it's kind
of a chameleon party and 1/18 I've just
had my eighteenth so that's fine so
that's where we got all out and then
outfit I'm so exciting about doing
something short day anyway yeah what
should I use the time 10 plus 5 now we
feel like an hour and 20 because we're
gonna get that early to the venue
everyone's arriving at 7:30 and I wanna
like show the venue inside before muo
saffron it is just makeup artist I never
knew it man but then but anyway the
brand or keeping you and you out I never
knew what yes I use a bit of moola oh no
I guess you are yeah exactly we cheer
like me with saffron I thought they just
worked for newer well I put my purse my
like kissing like
moi okay so when it comes to my alpha
it's actually finally tied from alpha on
and I have to be super quick because we
got five minutes to our taxi comes I
mean what is it that early so obviously
you guys can see like well the venue and
subscale look like so this is right it
does kind of like a wedding dress but
basically because it's a white party
everyone said to me like saffron you
should you should wear like a different
color so I was going to go for like
different color and then I was like aha
I don't like RedLynx it's gonna look
like too much about me like I know it is
about mix for my birthday but like I
don't want to look like I'm trying like
everyone look at me so it's gonna go to
like a silver or gold couldn't find
anything so like a week ago it was a
weapon to my party everyone kept going
to me saffron what dressy wearing so I
just said to my mom I don't care it's
black green or whatever color if I like
it I'm wearing it and I have it to be
white so it does a little bit like a
wedding dress but this is the dress here
it's beautiful it's all like embellished
sequins and there's like a nude body
suit like underneath and then it's kind
of see-through from like this point
onwards it kind of looks like a housing
trailer where the interest and it's like
all backless as well I had to get it
altered because it fit me everywhere
apart from the zip so I got this little
bit taken out so it's a little bit lower
then if you survived the dress normally
but it's beautiful and I'm so glad and
I'm gonna go and put this on and once
you get it on I don't think I'll be
getting it off
yeah
