it's my birthday hello everyone and
welcome back to my channel I am finally
18 by filling up in 80 of like five
years now every one of my vlogs knows
I've been waiting for this day well
pretty much since a bit of baby I have
wanted to be 18 for the longest time and
it's finally here I make the last out
all of my school friends last of the
bunch so you know if it's good to
finally be 18 if you do a follow my
blogs and you would have actually seen
my birthday been a little bit of a part
of it oh my you want to go and check
that out obviously leave it down below
and I know a lot of you saw like sneak
peeks at me opening my presents himself
unfortunately you didn't actually get to
see what I got because I decided to save
it for this video because I know a lot
of you enjoy seeing I got my birthday's
this might be the the second or not have
imagined YouTube for three years i buy
maybe the second no this is the third
year I've done it so this is my third
what I got my birthday you guys always
seem to love it and this is the big one
we celebrate 18 hard in the bog
household so it's very very very
exciting now my birthday isn't actually
over because also if you follow my vlogs
you will know that I'm actually throwing
like a huge party this Saturday at is
we've like every person that I know I
let my friends my family my YouTube
friends most school friends like just
everyone and so a lot of my friends have
actually told me that they've got me
presents but they're going to be giving
it actually on my birthday party so I
guess those presents I will haul over on
my blog and actually I'm gonna be
I've got videographer actually filming
the whole party like they're getting
ready for the party everything like that
so you guys can be a part of it and that
will actually be on this channel some
point I just don't know when yet because
the party hasn't even happened yet but
that will be happening and so it's so so
exciting if you do enjoy this video and
don't forget to hit a big thumbs up and
subscribe down below if you guys haven't
already and as I said my plug-in channel
also really quick disclaimer I hate
doing these and I know a lot of you will
really hate watching this part of it so
I know a lot of you would be like that
one you really don't need to do it
display Murchie birthday but I do just
want to say that I am so so so grateful
for everything that I've got from anyone
for my birthday I actually did send a
message out saying please don't get me
anything because I can't get like what
can you get a girl that feels like she's
got everything anyway
so I feel so so so lucky to have got the
presents I got and just over I had the
best birthday so thank you so much
everyone I'm not bragging I'm not
showing off you guys have been asking
for this video
so I hope you guys enjoy and let's get
int so woke up my birthday looks so cute
my parents are they don't all my
presents this is what I've woken up see
very exciting also got my favorite thing
in the whole world which is takoyaki
dude our cake plum in it can't wait for
there this was actually such a good gift
books I just wanted to get like a really
cute Instagram fires so my mum got me
these 18 balloons which oh my god they
don't fit in the screen but they're very
solid and they're so cute and it was
with all my presents so now let's
actually begin the present let's start
showing you guys what hunger as I said
my family do it you celebrate 18 quite
hard like it's a very very very big
turning point in our family because you
know it's like when you actually become
an official grown-up and you can sign
things yourself and you can make your
own choices so it's a pretty big deal
and when my older brother turned 18 my
parents actually gave him money towards
a car now I'm actually very fortunate
with the job that I have I've actually
been able to buy my own car which I'm
really lucky for so instead they
actually bought me some just really
really really amazing gift I'm gonna
start with my absolute favorite gift now
I didn't actually ask anything for my
birthday but there's one thing I've been
wanting this whole year not again I
didn't ask for it because I did never
expect them to get it for me but my mom
did well I see my mom dear my mum and my
dad did but I'm sure my mom went online
and bought but they got me this off
white is actually one of my favorite
designers so it's a bomber style jacket
with this print on the back it also has
like little patches on the arms and
stuff you know the off-white logo on the
voice they have lots of different logos
but it has the Opera on the front and
then it has like another patch on the
arm I really like the fact that it has
these badges and these patches because
I'm just so into them at the moment it's
my kind of vibe and it's really cool
because it's got the elasticated like
cuff and then it also has it like you
know at the bottom as well as on the
sleeves and stuff but I'm gonna put this
on but if you live in the UK it's
absolutely at the moment so I'm not
gonna be able to keep this on longer
than 10 seconds cuz I'm already sweating
oh I forgot to say that
my pjs just because my birthday another
like okay this is the jacket and i love
it so much
ten times cooler when it's on with
actual cloves rather than PJ's yeah I
love it and thank you so much mom and
dad because it's literally the best
present you could ever buy me next up I
got so spoiled I can't believe it I
actually got this bag I had never seen
this bad before
I love Valentino as a brand and I just
again I didn't expect this this was
actually probably I think this was a
thirst present that I actually pulled
out and I was like so gobsmacked so
everything aren't at this point was like
what the heck you got me that as well
they got me this Valentino bag and now I
have I said I've been needing a black
bag I don't need a bag because I have so
many bags but I've got values like the
only bags I don't own I'm always buying
bags like patterns on it or like a white
bag and I just needed a black bag to go
with everything my mom did me well she
got me this what am i dad have got me
this Valentino bag but it's matte black
is actually limited edition and it's
really really pretty nice they also have
one very similar with like the silver
studs but mom thought should go for the
black studs because it's a little bit
cooler a little bit more like you know
younger younger years and I've actually
been wearing it with everything since
it's been my birthday it's got this cute
little latch where you can open it like
that then the bag opens and then it has
like the little Valentino stamp on the
back yeah I mean there's nothing else to
say about it apart from the fact that I
love it
I'm gonna make sure I take good care of
my baby again I feel very very very
lucky my parents also have this thing
with like everything has some match when
they while they try and make everything
match when it comes to presents so
obviously to go to my jacket and you'll
see you actually do my presents go to
get that there's another present that
goes together as well they got me like
three main present the next present
actually really made me laugh because
everyone knows I'm like obsessed with
anything rainbow I have this thing of
like my main channel videos the
background is always has to look more
perfect in my eyes so I've been wanting
like a rainbow duvet cover I just like
it when it's like bright and colorful
like I just love watching videos like
that and I feel like it kind of
describes my personality so my mom has
got me there's a rainbow while my dad
sorry dad
cute not saying my dad my mom and dad
have got me this rainbow
which is so cute and right she's so
excited to get it on my bed I need to
change my duvet covers and I can't wait
to have fresh sheets as well so thank
you so much I'm not sure Oh they've got
it from Urban Outfitters yeah and oh by
the way if you're thinking why does it's
a king set when I have a double bed it's
because even though I have a double bed
I always have a king duvet because it's
so much more comfortable so that is why
so cheers to the rainbow to be a cover
and I can't wait to get at my bed you
will see this in my videos very soon
this is one of those gifts I'm like how
did my mom remember this because I saw
this bikini like or quite a while ago in
above and you said boo Avenue Bertha
knew I'm not sure and I'm sorry in this
store I was like I'm on this bikinis
amazing I remember sending her a picture
and I was like how nice is this
and so she got it for me and this is
what it looks like now I'm actually
going away on holiday soon to Ibiza
so it's gonna be perfect it's definitely
like I beat the style this is what it
looks like it's really really really
pretty it's like bright and colorful and
definitely gives you that like I beat
the vibes Devin are you gonna look
better with a tan as well probably not a
real unknown saffron so probably a spray
tan you know me so this is what the top
looks like and it's really nice as well
because my favorite type of bikini is
this like triangle shape but when it has
like a teeny bit padding but not too
much
and like this bikini was made for me cuz
it's everything I want in a bikini and
obviously it's just matching bottoms I
don't really like the fact that you can
tie them up on the sides as well so that
is the bikini that my mom and dad got me
again if you do follow my blog then you
would have actually seen me wear this on
my birthday so this is from because I
know so many people asking where it's
from its from a site called celebrity
threats I'll put a picture up here of
what I out - you look like my birthday
so my parents got me this matching set
now a lot of people keep thinking it's a
dress and I think it's supposed to look
like a dress once it's on but it's
actually a top and sure this is what the
shorts looks like now I'm very aware
that it looks like a pajama set when
it's off but when it's on it doesn't
then this is the top of a CSS snake
print pattern and then it's also yellow
snake print which is my favorite color
and it's like backless at the back and
you can like adjust it because you kind
of tie this tuck around your neck I mean
you can see in the picture others are
really bad me trying to demonstrate it
but yeah
got this little set and it's very very
very cute and has my name written all
over it
I haven't actually tried this on yet but
I think this is going to be really cool
like as a teacher while it is a t-shirt
dress we've just like trainers I really
cache
so again if my parents got me this top
that says of racing on air and I just
think it's actually gonna be really
really really nice on it's just playing
back at the back and this is a from at
misguided as I mentioned my parents did
actually get me like three main present
so this is the third one and I'd never
seen this before because it's part of
their new autumn/winter collection so I
genuinely even went to up with the box
like I had no idea what to expect so my
parents they they they know me well this
valve is just amazing so it's aged a
bunch about and this is what it looks
like it's really really really cool I
think it's actually a men's belt but it
doesn't still be wearing it so this is
what it looks like it's really cool it
just has to run chill over it and their
logo I just really like the contrast off
the black and the white and think it's
gonna look so cool when it's on
everybody knows that I love a good a
candle or no both of what he wants will
forever be my faves we don't actually
have that in the UK so my mum got the
closest to my favorite bars and what do
you like candle she could possibly get
which I bought my dad I've got a heater
so what was so bad for dad and my dad
got me the closest candles they could to
my favorite but the body works one which
i think is so sweet because they must
have been my proper searching hard cuz
honestly i'm not a huge fan it's kind of
growing on me Yankee Candle but I never
used to be a huge fan in toys about
these so I love like that good sickly
scent that smells like I could eat the
candle so my parents have got me this
birthday cake candle and then they also
go the boat they're both called birthday
cake they're just two different types of
birthday cake
they just smell up your sugar I smell
like I want to eat them and it's just
everything also they're huge like they
are so so so big so it would take me a
long time to burn these out and it means
that I can set up right my birthday for
the rest of my month such as two that
actually really quickly about these
candles you see how big they are and
those
smell amazing oh man she told me after
that she got them in the sale for one
pound 99 so this was her bargain of a
present so that was everything that my
parents got me now moving on to my
younger brother Chet he actually got me
something that I again wanted for quite
a long time I started like a month ago
when I was in LA and it sold out over
there and then I came to the UK and it
was sold out here as well but I was
gonna get it anyways but I really wanted
it and it's this Apple watch strap now
if you follow my blog you wouldn't know
that I am obsessed about Apple watch
like it's the best thing I have ever
purchased and it's really cool because
basically I won't demonstrate it but I
actually I've never done it but
basically what you do is you just slide
the strap off and then you can put the
strap on which is really cool because it
looks like a whole new watch
so my brother got me this pride edition
watch strap and they're so excited cuz
it's so cute and again I'm obsessed with
anything rainbow and obviously it's
supporting pride as well so you know two
and one there and that I love it so
thank you Jed for that strap and I'm
actually gonna put it on straight after
this video and then from my older
brother and his family
Casey Nicole and Harlow okay the next
family we follow them they got me this
oh my god I was not expecting this
because I keep saying that a lot I
wanted everything for so long but I have
actually wanted a record player thought
I would think maybe like three years and
every year hospira it mum's like a suede
in more one though and I could swear you
didn't want mine and every time I'm like
I've been asking for one for like three
years it's definitely not the thing that
you would normally go out and buy
yourself hence why I would never go out
and just buy myself a record player so
this is like the most perfect gift
anyone can get me so huge shout out to
the Navy family for getting me this
record player and it's such a pretty
color it's like mint green so I'm really
hoping it looks nice in my bedroom so
now my next mission is actually to go
out and get some core records definitely
gonna get some Michael Jackson ones that
is happening and I can't wait so yeah
I'm gonna go on a mission to find some
now and I'm really excited so one of my
best friend's Anastasia I'm actually you
can see me sweating it's so hot right
now
dedication guys she actually made me
this like photo album stash kind of card
present and I thought this was obviously
my gift
but she did actually get me a gift to go
with it as well but I can't actually
physically show you it but she got me
this and honestly I cried it was very
emotional I can't even show that bitch
surrenders she put the most horrendous
pictures of us in it and it's just
really really really funny and it's 18
reasons of why she loves me and it's
just it's just a really really really
personal she puts up two lovely personal
things in and like funny inside jokes
ugly we would get so this was just the
best thing reading through and she
honestly she wrote some chapters in a
half it must have taken her a bloomin a
long time to wrote everything in here so
thank you so much because that was
already like one of the best present
anyone could ever get me and then on top
of that she's actually taking me on a
trip basically this is how she's playing
the gift cuz it's kind of hard to
explain I've seen the video so I
understand it more now the basically
shipper I'm taking a predator adventure
where you experience life from a shots
point of view you get into a shark suit
post the speed up to 100 miles per hour
so you were able to let your inner child
out and instead of living life through a
camera you can live it through the eyes
of one of the world's greatest animals
so I thought that was really really
really cool and I'm so excited and we're
doing that very soon so it's very very
very exciting and then next up my friend
it just well one of my best friends
jasmine and her family they also got me
this cute little set there's very
similar to my other one but still very
different and so it's the same kind of
style it's a cord it's sure then this
top that I've already wants to get it's
so pretty and it's the same kind of
style it looks like a dress mitts on and
you kind of tie it up around your neck
and it's so pretty
so thank you so much and I love it and
then a couple of presents I got through
the post were kind of from like you know
my you to be friends I got so many
flowers himself which I'm so grateful
for Thalia a good friend of mine she got
me this mug that says Happy Birthday
safley be lots of love Thalia and then
it says nothing laughter you always make
me smile and it has all of these
pictures of us personal things really do
mean the world to me so this is so
lovely and she got me flowers and
chocolates and it was just so sweet and
a balloon and everything ours then yeah
as I said I've got loads of her flowers
and stuff and then grace and grace
you are just the sweetest they got me
this bracelet which oh my goodness I
love and actually I've been saving
everything for this video but now I'm
actually going to keep it on and I don't
think I'll take it off like ever so they
got me this little sterling silver
bracelet from the brand Ln love switch
I've actually heard of before
and it's so so so pretty it's actually
so sweet as well because they've got
engraved Saffy B on it then on the other
side 18 with a love part when everybody
Oh everyone Christmas selfie for you
because I never knew that many people
call these happy being into my birthday
but yeah now I've actually been able to
show you guys this in this birthday hole
I'm actually gonna put this on and never
take it off so thank you so much girls
honestly you really didn't have to give
me a price what no one did so thank you
so so so much quite a few people in my
family gave you money my grandparents
both my grandparents gave me money my
family members gave me money and as I
said there's still some prizes I haven't
opened yet so I will leave those for my
vlogs and I also got sent those
different bunches of flowers and I like
I love flowers so so so much so I'm very
happy with my flower collection that I
now have and also lots of chocolates
that again I absolutely love if I will
be saving those until after my birthday
party because I have a very amazing
tight tight tight fitting dress that I
won't get into if I think of the
chocolates I've been sent so I'm saving
those until after my birthday party
anyways that is everything that I've got
so far thank you so so much for watching
this video to everybody as well that
actually wish me a happy birthday thank
you so so much like honestly I didn't
even realize how big the fandom was
until it came my birthday and I was like
bombarded and there was so many of you
as well that waited up until midnight to
do a video messages and like I was just
like so overwhelmed honestly it was an
emotional day I also know that all of
you guys at UTA get any guests and sent
it to my PO Box which is so thoughtful
so I'm gonna make sure today I go and
pick them up and I can't wait thank you
so so much for watching don't forget to
take a big thumbs up you guys did and if
you want to see one knows a year away
but if you wanted someone next year you
know
today subscribe down below look up my
vlogs look out for my party because it's
gonna be a big one and I see you guys
very soon
Wow bye
