hello everyone and welcome back to my
channel and now today's video excites me
so much because it's my birthday
and what a Cisco's life is two days and
I am going to be 18 years away finally
gonna be a responsible adult and I'm
actually really really really looking
forward to it I don't know if I'm gonna
feel any different when I'm 18 but it's
just cool saying I'm 18 you know
basically if you follow my vlogs and
stuff you will know that I'm actually
throwing like a huge part here but my
family friends management youtube
friends school friends basically every
single person that I know is coming to
this party and it's going really really
really good at least I hope so I have
been like searching like hi hello
looking for dresses I just can't find
that kind of like perfect birthday dress
and I'm feeling a lot of pressure
because everyone keeps asking me so I'm
from what are you wearing I thought I
know I don't know if I'm actually gonna
find the dress today from wish I
actually ordered a bunch of dresses from
which so this is kind of more exciting
so it's not just like any dress haul
it's actually gonna be for my 18th
birthday party they look absolutely
stunning online so fingers crossed they
look the same in real life but if you've
seen a few of my wish videos you will
know that they don't quite waistline
picture hopefully they do but I'm
watching sure whether they will fingers
fingers fingers crossed if you think
they will the special big thumbs up and
let me know down in the comments below
and obviously yet me know if you think
otherwise and as we go through this
video please let me know your favorite
dress as well because you never know I
could actually end up wearing one of
these Oh
lastly I wanted to say before we
actually get into this I will actually
be like filming my 18th birthday and my
18th birthday party like I'm gonna film
a whole getting ready to dress
everything so you guys can kind of be
like a part of it so if you want to see
that I believe my fucking channel down
below but yeah without further ado let's
get into it so first up the very first
dress is actually so pretty I remember
ordering this and thinking this could
actually look
my wife will like the picture I do not
know Odyssey first thoughts and
impressions it actually looks really
really really similar to the picture I
think it looks stunning this dress and I
could actually see myself wearing it so
hopefully she actually looks nice on it
so let's go and give it a go I feel like
were actually starting off really really
really strong I love this dress I think
it's stunning it looks just like the
picture is so affordable like if I found
this for 10 miles in the store I'd be
like what the heck something must be
wrong with there the quality is actually
really really really good I love the
colors with the way she's like it kind
of depends sometimes the dresses are
like the pictures and sometimes they
just don't but this goes to show they
can actually like the pictures I love
this the only one thing I would say is
it is really good quality however where
it is a little bit cheaper it is so skin
tight that there is no stretch in this
whatsoever so like I feel like I don't
know so this is too tight for me but at
the same time I still do you think it
looks like really really really pretty
so yeah this would be a thumbs up and
this could definitely be an option for
my birthday so let me know down in the
comments below you will know that
actually all the dresses well anything
you order like if you place one order it
doesn't come you know at the same time
like if I order I don't know if I'm
supposed from another site links alright
they would all come at the same time
right but with the wish they will just
turn off a random time so the delivery
in self I feel like a lot of you would
want to know it wasn't that bad that
every dress turned off on a different
day every day okay see the postman and I
think I've actually ordered more dresses
that I've got here but they just haven't
arrived yet next dress is this one here
and again at first thoughts I actually
think it's really really really pretty
you can see that shiny look at the
shimmer in the light it looks so pretty
realizing the party dress and I think
this might be super flattering so it's
like very low back but it doesn't you
know sort of really really really tight
fitting so I can eat all my birthday
cake
I don't have to worry about it yeah
ready for this because this looks so bad
now the dresses are actually so nice but
it's just way too big that it just looks
so bad so this address here could be so
nice the quality with wish can actually
kind of be like hitting me
so sometimes you can get really good
quality but this I think is actually
good quality especially for the money
however the sizing is definitely the
same definitely hit or miss like this is
the same size dress as a dress I had on
previously and just look at the
difference like it all comes out like
it's not very flattering like I know
this side is meant to be like you know
it's meant to be loose and stuff but
it's just another level big this is a
size small it shouldn't it shouldn't be
this big which sucks but it's actually a
really nice dress and I feel like if it
was smaller I could actually wear it but
unfortunately I'm gonna have to give
this a thumbs down
I have no recognition of buying this
dress like this is some way to say I
don't remember ordering anything similar
to this so maybe I did maybe I just was
feeling sexy I don't know but this dress
I've got this here like a black cutout
dress so I've just called like three
lots of strings and I guess I have to
kinda like thread them through so I'm
gonna do exactly that
laces dress up and try it on you know
this dress how she looks ten times
better than I thought it was going to it
now again I have no recognition of
actually buying this but I do actually
think it looks really nice now it's a
bit like sexy sexy it's very like booby
you know with all the drawstrings and
honestly I feel like my pants would just
be wrong and displayed like it's so so
so short it just about covers my bar and
just about covers my private area so so
I don't think I will be wearing this to
my party actually and to be honest I
don't really know where on earth I would
wear this to but on someone else I
thought this could be great it's just
not really my my kind of thing this one
looks really really really pretty I'm
very excited to try this one on because
this like you know reminds me of like
birthday when I think I'm someone's
birthday party this is the kind of dress
that I like look at think wow so this is
so so so pretty you can see again the
sparkle and I really like this band here
I think is really nice and hopefully
should be quite flattering the only
thing I would actually say about this
dress
in real life it's actually like a really
really really thin it kind of feels a
little bit like dressing up dress
because it is so thin but I feel like in
pictures and once you actually wear it
on it won't look like that it's just off
so I think this is one that would
definitely look better when it is
actually on okay so this is my favorite
dress I've put on so far but I just hate
it is too big again if this was actually
tighter I think it would look ten times
better you know cuz it kinda like stuck
me in a little bit and again this is
actually a size small and I'm just
really surprised at how big everything
has been today really this like looks
like a like a perfect bead a dress to me
and I would have loved to have worn this
and I'm actually kind of gutted I said
to my mom like I wonder if I was so
small oh because I don't actually really
like to wear this if it was smaller and
it kind of sucked me in a bit more
unfortunately it's too big and it's the
smaller size they do but I do actually
love this I think it's really really
really cute and I would have worn this
if it did fit me but I love it so I will
give this a big thumbs up so far this is
definitely going better than I thought
it's just sizing wise I've had a little
bit of an issue if you ever decide to
get anything from wish I would make sure
you save a lot of time because honestly
the sizes are so off so if you like the
dress you might have to order in another
size again after and tomatoes it takes
quite a long time my way to like a week
which is about bad but like you know you
can't go next day delivering anything
like that right so moving on to the next
dress I'm kind of not too sure how I
feel about this I don't know like it is
really pretty edges now I really think
this might look better on though I used
to have a dress very similar to this I
actually watched the Kids Choice Awards
two years ago so a lot of you going to
recognize that dress and it really
reminds me of that but I'm just not sure
especially because as well like you can
see a lot of like the string and stuff
it's like coming out throughout the
dress and so it's a little bit poured
and also with this dress I feel like
that's one of those dresses that it's
like a one-time-only dress because I
feel like because it's already like
being pulled everywhere it would like
get holes and stuff in it so I don't
even know if it would last me the night
but let's let's try this one on this is
by far my favorite dress I think it
actually looks stunning I love this so
much
look at that
detail I love it I got a thousand
percent see myself wearing this I
actually think there's nothing I would
complain about this dress I think it's
perfect it's actually a size up so I got
a medium in this and it fits really
really really nicely definitely glad I
didn't get the small in this dress but I
just think it's beautiful elegant really
good quality and I kind of want to wear
this
I'm very last dress I do not again
remember getting this oh I remember
or it'll be similar but this fabric is
not quite like the picture I've got this
dress here that is like lace at the top
and then it has a little band again and
it goes into like a big flowy dress but
honestly in real life this feels like oh
dressing up outfit like I would pull
this off out with dressing up the box
and with anything cover it so it's not
quite the fabric that I thought it was
gonna be in the picture I guess I can't
believe I remember exactly but it must
have looked more silky I imagine
definitely not this fabric because I
wouldn't have ordered it and the lace
honestly I'm not a massive fan of either
this might have better on but I just
don't really like the dress overalls I
just don't even like the cut this just
reminds me of like a really awful
bridesmaid dress I don't really like
anything about it now I wanted to wear
like a long dress but kind of one that
was more like you know actual silk that
kind of goes in like kind of bit more
sexy this fabric looks a bit like a
tablecloth and I definitely do not think
this is going to be an option for my
birthday you will not see me wearing
them very honest so there's the end of
the video and it goes to show with wish
you don't really know what to it's
better because some of these dresses
look just like the pictures some of them
look completely different I mean to be
honest I'm not sure if I would actually
wear any of these to my 18th birthday
there's none that I think oh that's
perfect
no I did actually love this white one on
it really really really surprised me I
thought I did look stunning on but again
it's just I don't know if it's dressy
enough however the red one but this one
was very dressy and if it was smaller I
feel like this could have been the one
for my birthday even though I didn't
actually love any of these dresses that
much that I thought they were perfect
I would actual
by them you know like on a night hour if
I was going for dinner or something like
that especially if they did fit better
obviously quality overall was actually
better than I thought but still not the
same as if you went to like a high
street store personally so I don't know
there's definitely changes but I do
actually like the look of all the
dresses I just don't even know if they
would last me the night there you go
everyone is that is the end of the video
thank you so so much I'll see you over
on my vlogging channel and I'll see your
birthday mwah
bye
