welcome back to my channel I am a crack
of dawn and I'm about to fly to another
country I'm about to fly to another
country to swap lives with basically a
stranger I mean not a complete stranger
because I feel like that would be so
weird but I'm gonna be something life
with a youtuber called the new Adam who
I'm sure you guys would have seen before
if you haven't I will leave his channel
down below
basically I've made a couple of times
however I have no idea how he lives a
day in his life
I mean he lives in a different country
to me he's Irish she's a guy so pretty
much it's pretty much he's like the
opposite to me so I thought it'd be
really cool if we did swap life for a
day I would do everything that he
normally does I can't quite obviously
I've got to go and fly to Ireland for
this hence why I am up at the crack of
dawn so I do actually need to get on a
plane
I can't wait there I think it's gonna be
really cool it's gonna be interesting
I'm a little bit nervous and dreading
also probably having to wear his clothes
and stuff
at Adams house he doesn't actually even
know that I'm here yeah I didn't even
text him I probably shut off but I'm
here I'm about to go in I'm about to go
and live his life for the day
I'm excited I'm just like a little bit
nervous we're gonna go knock on the door
now edges I already know what to expect
I have no idea who or what a day in the
life of Adam Casas dogs are very excited
I've no idea if his family's in I have
no idea what to expect so how's your
fight sorry I'm excited yeah it's nice
I'm excited to live the life of me I
wanted today I don't know what to expect
yeah because they're very different
right give me something to say watch
this and I finally accept ibaka welcome
back to my channel how are they just are
embarking on welcome back to my channel
you say something that I would say no
but you would say that I would you know
I mean make sure you subscribe because
the Navy arm is the best army to be ok
one more time make sure you subscribe
because the new BRE has the best army to
begin make sure make sure to subscribe
and then I deceive me so just watch a
little Netflix it like lets you sort it
so why does your family normally Chinon
tonight usually my mom sits here without
sits there why's my room gonna be today
your bedroom is my bedroom
yeah hey so it's just all these stairs
okay so nice so this is your bedroom
typical YouTube a chat I wish I had yeah
can I
I've always wanted to sail once I'm just
gonna write you wanted to just write
check sir see this little lever see if
you lean back right can actually go back
further you can actually like you've got
such cool mouth you know what my youtube
videos are going off in nine annoying
day you have to either hold this camera
instead you have to hold your hand wow I
can actually don't you know what you
also have the million plaque that I
still don't have cuz YouTube won't even
let me claim it you still don't know no
I actually still don't have that you
should make a suicide but this is the
bedroom please
so now I've seen my bedroom I guess I
need to dress like you what what's the
typical Adam outfit Mitch do you want to
wear my match link in the description
like what you just because I do mean it
used to be a bother questions I do needs
to be evolved room and you
left incomplete to take it off way way
we're like why the toilet will be in
this room wait I've got a toilet maybe
you see obviously can maybe it used to
be a bathroom and then you this yeah
well following around slash office so we
have like a whiteboard up here with the
nice lights as well where I just like
plan videos and sometimes to be buddies
as well I miss is where but I don't know
about that I bought it for Lecter yeah I
thought like big bright shiny folders
right for quite some makes you already
prepared
I am very opposite like if I buy
something I've gotta wear it that day
there's no saving well I don't think you
can do untying with this on I've seen
you this many times do you think that
sir I think that's good yeah I think we
don't like twins did you cut my hair
that's pretty good yeah the motors comfy
but like you got some rubbish limit big
for me so now I'm all dressed like a
dream dress head to Tony's merge now I
guess we're gonna get on with the day
right we've this is like certain things
you do would you do in a day I think the
first thing would be walk the dog what
the no okay it's still quite early in
the morning so that's the fun when you
do okay I haven't even seen your dog you
haven't seen my dog no I have it and
it's a Bichon feeling Bella Bella Bella
thanks so cute it's like I haven't even
gone from home there we go switching
like just the same okay you ready yeah
I'm so ready I'm so excited
really are you gonna walk you're gonna
walk right
Capelli where are you going Bailey the
island right Bailey not being funny
taking the meek he thinks is two of us
this these are my car keys today I need
to drive into town and have no idea why
we finish the dog walk which is an
experience and a hall please saffron
please do not crash the charge I'm gonna
try not to I'm actually a good driver so
I thought we're gonna get there safe and
sound obviously how to get you off for
the day which is great you know what am
i doing I actually have no idea did you
want to just put on the handbrake Rick
and they're like do you wear the
breakers so the model one is a brick
yeah let's go to town I have no idea why
we're here Adam you need to actually
explain yourself now for those genuinely
so-called views I need to get some gifts
for my parents okay I thought because
you know you're here yeah and me for the
day you should come along and help me
shop okay so this is so you normally
typically do but because I'm here I'll
do all the hard work for you exactly but
it's fine it's a win-win situation
basically Adams using me we are at the
mall
a little bit different of a mother only
spinner isn't quite as many shots on his
today we're shopping Adam okay get in
the shopping zone this is what we need
to do now also help me fast fire through
your mom my mom what kind of things she
likes because I feel like I'm gonna be
so good at it because this goes across
key I feel like this is quite a good
shot by my mom jewelry it's in the price
right you'll see the prices for sava
well when I said I wanted to go out
shopping for my mom I meant for my mom
no not not not for he thank you getting
carried away really badly two hours
later
shopping it was a very successful with
it yeah you said you wanted to shop the
whole families we really do know a
joiner whereabouts in our food and so
basically we're waiting for and his
manager my Ma's yeah I was gonna say our
meetings but it's Adams meeting but I'm
gonna tag along and actually I know his
manager he actually survived a freeze
and he's gonna be so he doesn't even
know it's over in Ireland and I work all
of Adam's stuff I just feel like you can
be so confused which one it's thank you
me yeah everything about me I'm gonna
know we needs improving on I know
Adams closer I look like I do your turn
we are
we add in the whole day so I rock to
smash what do you think oh oh you know
the hot dog do you watch saffron's
videos so issuance after on your new
room your room just got new carpet and
they bad new desk
new wallpaper nice when you're back from
school would you do play xbox
playstation you play for tonight
wouldn't you kill you play lots of for
tonight good I have a phone so this is
my little brother evening Minecraft
right now called way and enjoy those
ever gonna want to play again party they
played this for a couple hours and just
give me so much fun out of my way it's
not really good at this are you good at
this game I'm no I was gonna be like
yeah but I've never played this way my
winning I know I'm gonna get this right
- never been in I'm gonna get so annoyed
PlayStation jeez I'm so over the
PlayStation now 45 minutes at least I
don't even play for that long either
because I just watched always pressure
on the buttons oh well thanks thanks
thanks I'm calm
so guys saffron is waiting outside I
told her to wait outside because me and
Cal always go on these little Segway
shoes and they're pretty fun and we're
going to see you fight bad or we're good
saffron is on these little like escapes
the exciting kill yeah
do you think Safran one that's going to
be good at it no no I don't think she's
gonna be good either
let's see perfect are you ready so these
are like Segway shoes I've done the ones
where he's like one Segway no you're
gonna have to learn not to do like the
splits while your own these things you
gonna help me anyway yeah yeah kind of
you good at this will you do do it every
night so let's hope so yeah okay let's
do it
you know what you're gonna go so much
entertainment all this actually have a
dog that was an experience at home I
basically just screams okay since the
evening we're back at Adams now tires
just
nearly broke my film Segway here we are
we feel relaxed now it's like the line 9
p.m. ish here with the fam mom dad Calum
find the time while I but we watching
tonight guys yeah yeah it's been great
being Adam for the day I've absolutely
loved it thank you for letting me in
your life alright I hope you guys
enjoyed the video and we'll see will
very very soon bye
