hey guys welcome back to my channel now
today's video is actually one of my most
requested video of all time like if I
ever asked you guys what videos
shaughnessy I continuously guitars to
pretend to be a fan account so I thought
you know what this could actually be so
much fun whenever I got my tags there's
just new fan pages all the time so it's
just absolutely amazing to me so I
thought this would be really fun I can
actually see what it feels like to be in
a fandom I mean I personally feel like
we are the rest of our number that's
just me I need to stop but actually
creating my page and everything like
that if you guys enjoy this video you
know exactly what to do smash a big
thumbs up and subscribe down below but
before we have to do get into the video
I just want to say a big thank you to
each and every subscriber to each and
every fan page like I know I know a lot
of you now and face to face which is
really cool and I love just getting to
know you and joining the group chats so
I'm gonna kind of see what it feels like
to be on the other side now I love your
and without further ado let's get into
the video right so I'm gonna start by
creating my bad account let's do this
name what should we do
saffron Barca fan let's just try that
okay something Barca fans taken so we're
gonna go sat for a buck fan thigh great
stuff definitely don't want to be
showing my friends on doing on Facebook
because that would be very embarrassing
looking like I'm making a fan page for
myself I wouldn't usually do this
definitely not adding my facebook login
details right so I feel like the first
thing I need to do is obviously create
my page now I don't really make edits
I've never been part of a fandom before
although I feel like I've really want to
oh I know I'm gonna do because basically
I've seen people do this and I know
people get really annoyed by it so I'm
gonna put like I love saffron at Barker
so my number one fan then I'm gonna put
half to a hundred K it's so funny
because like all my family is obviously
not gonna know that I was hacked at 100
K because everyone would know actually
I'm just gonna add in that I know just
everybody knows I'm new here new page
show me some love and then it says I
don't suffer Bukka so much a number-one
fan how to 100k
smashed it right so I feel like I've got
to post something but then at the same
time I feel like the only way for me to
gain followers fast is to go onto my
tasks like meaning my actual account tag
and going through the fan
and I guess just following a bunch and
just hope that they follow me back I'm
just gonna post my first pick I feel
like I should do some edits but I don't
I've never edit aired like I don't know
weird things like my pictures and stuff
I know a lot of you guys do have really
cool edits never done that so for like
gonna need to download an app for that
but for now I'm just gonna post a
picture just so you know people want to
follow me okay so my caption for my new
picture is my baby girl I love her so
much and I'm glad I'm back with a new
page also I'm gonna have to try and not
talk like myself like I'm gonna put
those exclamation marks and kisses and
stuff because I just won't usually do
that like I feel like because I talked
to a lot of you you would know if it's
me like immediately there's like some
things that I say and I do write slice
follow me that would be a good idea and
then I guess we're just going to go into
the tags and just follow up on to people
so I'll be back in about 15 minutes okay
so updates about a good 15 minutes later
I'm actually quite excited right now
I've got two followers I tell you what
it's not easy gaining followers on this
page as it is my own I mean to me if I
already placed in one post and it's not
exactly an edit I've just got into my
notifications and the cutest thing ever
so this account I actually do follow on
my normal account called uh Phoebe buys
but welcome back what was your old
account name and I just feel really bad
because obviously didn't have an account
so she's actually so sweet so I thought
I'm gonna message her and try and
somehow like guess new you're asked to
somehow do a live cuz I've ever gonna be
so fun like basically my end goal is to
like live a lot of you guys surprised a
lot of you and hopefully we don't get
any haters on the way nor to sex I don't
know say hey babe that's something I
always say don't say hey angel always
say that always a beautiful girl so what
the hell do I say yeah
maybe I don't say any of those maybe I
just say hey let's just let's start off
playing cool you know and hopefully we
could be friends and she put yeah sure
which I think it's so sweet because like
that's so nice to just random to be
friends of a stranger right can I be in
a group chat with you
she put yeah sure oh my guess I'm
getting Joey you show a rude chat this
is so cool so I messaged SAFF Barker and
I put you have so many
followers and cheaper haha thanks how do
i get followers I really won followers I
don't know I have my account for over a
year so I'm gonna reply like and come we
share account cuz I know people do that
but I don't think they just do random
people that I've literally just made an
account I mean if she does there's way
to not just cuz I wouldn't do this
wait stop baka what's a video chat with
me boom no idea what the how I didn't
even know ask her okay let's do it away
she put no sorry aha method to try to
video chat me
maybe she notices me I'm gonna basically
say let me just check my mom see if I'm
allowed to FaceTime and then I'm gonna
try and um face up her I hope she didn't
mean to do by accident okay so I put oh
my god I'm allowed I'll call you now I
feel really nervous and I don't know why
don't really know what to say I am
calling I just hope she actually picks
up I was so bad I tried so hard them and
can I just say my company they went wide
with me I thought I thought have such a
buzz now I'm just gonna send a quick
snap to those guys just to make sure
they don't tell anyone else right Haemon
saffron edits is messaging me saying
what was your old account code I bet
this is saffron is this saffron I'm so
dead this is you I know it's you how
would I know it it's me unless the
others have told her I have no idea how
they know it's me
I don't know they've told her but then
she just mentioned me saying I'm gonna
sound like an idiot if it's not I'm just
gonna put like a no it's not I wish
because I think it'd be really fun if
I'd like do alive in like ten minutes
and get all of my followers my like six
funds to join my life actually I'm gonna
put the real saffron Barker oh yeah baby
I love her well I love gaining followers
offer
she put lo me but not too well I love
gaining followers of her off to him but
I love her
so that's cute way but then she was
saying since oh wait she don't mean to
put it there no I didn't mean saying to
that oh I just posed to me like I know
that she's a massive Taylor Swift fan as
well so I'm gonna kind of like what
which I do actually feel really bad I'm
gonna wind her up and be like don't you
love Taylor more though way she just put
you were here for followers that kind of
sucks
I thought like she's gonna know it's me
at this point it's like how else would I
know but then at the same time maybe set
up by it no he doesn't have I am a
second Barca owns my art I was so bad
she put cool I feel like I could be such
a good bitch but I'm not gonna things I
don't want a thief but I feel I could
cook me right I've just got to get
everybody on my live in a minute I'm
just gonna tell everyone to join my life
at this point before we go live I just
want to show you this message that I've
just got from our staff hey welcome back
to the fandom so glad we have more
supporters supporting Safa she is
literally an angel if you need anything
call upset or anything I'm always here I
need a friend like that that is actually
I thought that could make me cry they so
cute
Oh like I can actually bring two people
together like that actually just be nice
like helping one another out like I just
need best if I actually like I thought
to cry right now
that's so cute cute though God we're
gonna do this life thing now okay so I
think some people maybe saucing that
it's me like Safran editors / when are
you going live this is saffron I know it
there's no way you had a hunch okay and
like Stefan always says a baby girl and
she put please guess me because I don't
believe it's you so right and what I'm
gonna do first is I'm gonna go live I'm
gonna get my dad to speak so my dad's
here make my dad he doesn't even know
about this what's that
how's it hanging
right we're going live you ready you so
much thinking involves it don't try not
to love to make sure it's in the corner
what's that
how's it hanging I've got a bit of
trouble every day with everyone so
straightaway hi everyone
it wasn't have analytical ad it wasn't
obvious at all dad I can't tell you not
to knock oh my goodness I was longing so
much hi everyone can I just say I have
the best fandom in the entire world like
I literally don't know what I did to
deserve you all you're amazing you've
made me cry
my mum came here my mom's died crying we
will be like a hot sweaty mess in here
anyway thank you so much being so sweet
especially so funny cuz that fast a lot
of you didn't realize it was me then I
know in the end to all people started to
realize but you know the baby girl and
stuff like that I tried to say things
that I usually didn't say I thought like
I don't know that I was being such a
pain like I was asking to help people's
account like I was like being a Safran
hater at one point and you guys are
still so nice that's the thing you're
gonna order page a market 20 won't
follow us maybe probably not and of you
all and the cup of the video mwah
bye bye members also partner camera bye
so everyone it is the end of the video I
really hope you guys did enjoy it it was
actually so much fun and I'm so
actually finally got around to doing
this video and again like I know I've
said this a thousand times but I am just
so grateful to have you guys I just love
it genuine kind hearted people and
honestly that's what well you guys have
proven to be exactly that so honestly it
just melts my heart thank you so much
for being the sweetest people and if I
wasn't me and I was just another person
that just wanted to kind of join the
fandom I would know completely that I
welcome so thank you so so much
I'm so sorry to the people that could be
in this video because I know that would
have been a lot people that would have
wanted to have been in this but I mean I
already had this account for half an
hour so make sure I go into metal
counter follow the people that followed
me on here and then I'll eat all of
their pages that was in this video down
in the comments as well as you guys can
go and check them out go central laughs
go and support them they're clearly very
nice people so I'm sure if you like
internet friends I'm sure they're happy
to be your internet the internet bestie
you know thank you so much I love you
all and if you want to see any more
videos like this I mean I'm not gonna do
the same thing but I just love
interacting with you guys and all of you
being a part of my videos so if you want
to see anything else like this let me
know down in the comments and I see you
guys very soon
mwah bye
