hi guys for today's video I'm actually
looking forward to this one because I've
got a lot of spending on the website
called fashion Nova so I spent nearly
$500 don't ask me how everything was so
nice on the side this was how much I
ordered it's like a really big books but
you know but I think it's an American
site it was of nearly five hundred
dollars I spent so I'm assuming so
everything on the site was so nice
however the one thing I would say is it
made me feel insecure even just looking
at the site at like there was one person
who brought him to everything and
basically it was the most tiniest ways
and a really big bum which she honestly
she looked amazing not everyday people
kind of have that figure I definitely
don't have that figure I'm not my size
zero so I thought I would buy these
clothes to test them out to see what
they would look like on a room size body
and so yeah it's very exciting some of
the folks actually so nice so I can't
wait to actually see and the one thing I
wore says well is actually came quite
fast I can't remember exactly how long
ago I ordered them it might have been
around like a week ago maybe just over a
week but this earring that was coming
from another country that's actually
quite fast and I didn't pay any extra
for shipping either
let's get in to the big box of clothes I
hope you guys enjoy this video a big
thumbs up you guys do and subscribe down
below and also obviously don't forget to
go and kick that Bell button on the
screen right now so you get notified
every single time I upload in video but
yeah I hope you guys enjoy and let's get
into it absolutely love this okay it's
so cute
however I do kind of like a more my
dressing gown but the color is so nice
I'm gonna show you full length well this
looks like I'm exaggerating a little bit
but it does kind of work and wear my
dressing gown it is pretty big now I'm
going back
a little bit on when I said it one plug
fits all because this is on your side a
and normally I fit into a size si this
is actually really really really big for
me however I did actually try and get
close that would actually set all wood
shapes rather than just one size I do
like though up the arm but the sledge
arms are so pretty I like the material
it's good material I really want a size
down and see what this would actually
look like on because I genuinely think
it was smaller and it fit to the moon I
would actually wear this out so yeah I
mean I do like it it's really good
quality right tip but it's party mate
but first time ever I might just have to
buy aside their own address oh my
goodness
this is gonna take forever to put on I
have to get these just because now the
weirdest things I've ever seen in my
whole life so I just had to see what it
was gonna be like in my life and that
then just wait so this is what it is all
the jump rocks you can actually see
they're like high-waisted and these are
the trousers as you can see what to
think
love that matching mix on which you can
see on the side I really want to get
your opinions on these because they're
kind of a bit out there a bit weird do
you like them do you know if I'll leave
a pole up here because I'm actually
intrigued I mean they don't complete a
quite stretchy you know there's you bend
your leg you need those through nyaka
that's really comfy I absolutely loved
this online this was everything to me
like it was straight in the basket
however when I'm sitting in real life
the material was really cheap it feels
very thin it's kind of got that
elasticated feeling I'm gonna show you
forward a little side so this is what it
is like on you guys are probably wear
this like really keen top like I've got
on now I came out to this life around
the pole I think
amazing in photos and stuff but now it
looks like on the camera right now but I
can imagine it doesn't set up on the
camera than it does in real life because
it is like really really really thin in
real life but I love the design very
tropical it gives me a good hard in
bills
there's my view it's a fear help I'm not
sure if I wear about maybe the kind of
love it but yeah I'm fashioned over are
killing it when it comes to the tops I
love this to some people might just set
up a basic fast and obviously it's got
the American flag on it but I think it's
a little bit cooler because it's almost
like a washed out people that follow me
a lot I know me quite well we know how
obsessed I am with America so why not
weather five on me I love it
Kasim us awareness a hundred percent
there's the top I absolutely love it so
much it's like dripping paint it's so
cool the gold is always a 3d it's so
nice I've just never really seen a top
like this and it's store before I
thought it was like a little bit cooler
I don't know I just haven't seen
anything like it and I love a business I
like you know I love a special color on
my t-shirt it's almost like stretchy
like it feels elastic a ship but it does
actually feel really expensive and look
up close like what this looks like
please excuse because clearly I've got
my bikini top wall on which actually
goes to show you how see through this
top is no I actually really like it's me
it's actually quite a shame and it's so
see-through I feel like I still would
wear it though I just have to work with
a wiper and I guess you would see the
bra it says a crybaby on it and I just I
don't know why I just kind of thought it
was quite cold just like a basic average
tea again the quality's good I really
like the fact that it's right here and
right here as well just because me and
white t-shirts don't do very well
because like I get makeup on every white
t-shirt that I own within seconds so
it's actually quite nice that it has the
red here so I won't get makeup on it so
yeah again I think I actually would wear
this I do really like it so even though
I see through it I'm still going to give
it a big thumbs up again another top
that I absolutely like in love with I
will
a hundred percent keep this wall I am
keeping this it's so cool yes in the
middle I don't know why I just loved the
picture I think it's so cool it has to
be so Monte's you don't ask that little
action feel to it and then this leaves
I've never actually seen sleeves like
this but it's like pots I don't really
know the way it is but they're like all
puffy I'm really cool when it's a crop
top and basically it just gives me the
feels like I can see myself wearing this
on holiday in fact I come I would wear
anywhere but this gives me the holiday
vibes
I love the sunglasses as well it looks
really cool and so this is what it looks
like
April I actually love these shorts and
again I would wear them they're like a
washed out grey just dead in pair of
shorts somewhere but they have these
like really really really big stuff on
them which I think makes it so cool and
obviously they have all the rips here as
well which is really nice and then this
is the back of the short three pocket
longer it's still quite sure yeah
overall I would again I would buy these
and they're really good material as well
so yeah I actually got a couple of these
just because I knew that I really liked
it I really like material and it's like
super super super stretchy this is great
for honestly like any body type I feel
like anybody can get into this which is
really great kind of the tiger as well
so good in this Cup which is really cute
and they're also going in a yellow hey
and this is the other one and I love
this color it's so cute yay another top
I actually really like and again I would
wear obviously this is just a really
basic tee with lots of bricks in it and
I just put up over this yellow clay suit
just because why not basically but yeah
yeah this it's actually really nice that
it's thin I thought people might find
this top is like quite thin and say it's
cheaper whether I actually really like
but that is think so for like it would
sit my certainty would hang riser
especially when it's tucked into items
of clothing so I actually really like
cuff dinners top is as well okay yeah
well I mean it's not much you can say
about it really kind of it's a ripped
t-shirt but yeah I like it over this
reminds me of a ripoff version of the
Saatchi
however I kind of love it in fact I
really love it
I mean it's it's really cheap material I
realized I thought this is one thing
that definitely does a better online
again is one of those I think would look
so good in a photo like oh do you think
it kind of looks cool I think it's like
jackets like this so I know like I'm not
sure if I would wear it I think it
depends on the outfit I put with it I
thought this could be really cool but
then it could also know quite cheap
because of the style bit because
obviously it's sort of like gold wood
but it's not like really good quality so
if you don't I mean II can't sit cheap
it's 90 the material of the jacket at 15
it's just more so the prints so keep an
eye on the ground to see if I weathers
again actually Apollo this doesn't
really cool I love this place soon it's
really nice it's like a stick
it almost looks damn it's ugly Sean grey
because it's so thin it's a really
really really comfy does the last
occasion around the waist which is great
and you know what's really great about
it as well is but that it has sleeves
three-quarter length sleeves is really
nice because when you go out on holiday
a lot of time they have aircon on but
when you go into restaurants and stuff
and you're always freezing why many ways
and so it's perfect for me it also has
pockets in the back somewhere yeah which
is really cool as well yeah a little
extra detail on touch and then these
shoes are also from fashion over and I
have never loved a pair of shoes so much
in my entire life these have many
written all over them they actually you
can see up close I don't know if you can
they're almost extinct print which is
really really really nice again I mean
obviously I would wear these they are me
in a shoe if I were to design a shoe it
would look like this and in four minutes
to go again you would have liked to see
me wear these recently because I just
can't resist this place it again I
actually like it obviously held
everything in this hole which is great
so I mean you've seen a little bit weird
on me just because I have like a bra
get a jump on again that'll be why but I
actually really like obviously needs to
be able to Audion I'll show you the back
it's really nice to have like across to
the back and each - I was - when it's
out and you first of all probably
wearing it to drop I wear a bandeau
because I don't like it Pat's revealing
money put into that then obviously you
just wear it like this oh yeah I mean I
actually quite like this it's my
favorite thing in the entire world is
quite basic after that you can get this
from a lot of other sites but I think
it's really pointy okay so that end of
the video and I really hope you guys it
did enjoy it I did like the big cycle
only thing I was a tiny bit disappointed
in was some of the fabrics because some
of it was like I don't know it's just a
fabric I personally wouldn't wear it's a
bit stretchy it has spandex in the
fabric and which basically means it's
like a bit stretchy yeah and a bit
thinner which isn't necessarily a bad
thing but it's just not what I like used
to wearing but I have to get like some
of the pieces if some of them were
really really really nice but so yeah I
hope you guys did enjoy let me know down
in the comments if you've ever shopped
at fashion over before and your
experience because I'm intrigued but
yeah that's it for this video I would
also have a blogging channel so you
should definitely go and subscribe to
that I'll also leave that down below and
yeah I hope I get to see you guys very
very soon
I
