hi everybody welcome back to my channel
today's video is actually so requested
to be honest I kind of felt like
everyone would have been over these
videos by now but you guys still seem to
be requesting it I actually really
personally enjoyed watching these videos
so I'm actually really excited to do
this I'm just jumping on the bandwagon
I'm letting you guys okay my Instagram
followers actually control my life for a
day if you don't follow my Instagram and
you want to be like involved in like
these videos I could do another one like
similar weather that makes you go follow
me here's my Instagram and screen
somewhere I find what that I would do
some like this I wouldn't normally go
out and do and just need and make it a
little bit different rather than just my
everyday routine so I really hope you
guys are to enjoy this video
it's much a big thumbs up if you guys do
haven't subscribe down below if you guys
haven't already big shout out to all my
Instagram followers but actually being a
part of it I hope you guys enjoy it and
let's get in to my day control by you
morning everyone
it is currently 9:50 and woke up a
little bit later this morning you guys
are going to be deciding what I have for
breakfast to kick start my day would by
the way is actually my favorite meal of
the day so I put two different options
up I'm basically trying to be healthy so
I kind of want the fruit salad option
however I put fruit salad or fry up I
asked my Instagram followers and the
result is 62% fry up which means I'm
gonna have to go to the shop to go and
get the ingredients I have stuff to make
a fruit salad at home um but I don't
have any ingredients to have a fry-up
however I don't think it's gonna be that
bad because France will still be healthy
right I think I think I'm just rying to
make up excuses myself
I am quite excited though because it's
gonna be delicious so I'm gonna have to
drive to the shop and grab the
ingredients
Jen is gonna come with me this is my
younger bro Jade giveaway you follow the
box you would have seen Jed so jets
gonna come with me and we're gonna get
some ingredients I think you can
transcribe it's just gonna be me making
one for myself
we found eggs but we need to get I think
bacon beans for us we need whilst
release gentlemen Jets eggs hash browns
Tomatoes yeah
I said bacon that's it okay that's it
I know that's it thank you
so everything for the fire that was her
success I know I'm good I hope not much
better making it we got the good Hey
look at me amazing chef moving here hmm
thanks guys I've had my breakfast which
by the way it was delicious I'm going to
put some makeup on so I will see you
guys in a second makeup is done as you
guys can see I haven't done anything to
my hair yet I haven't got any lipstick
on so I decided to do a poll well you
guys want to vote if I shall work the
lack lipstick which I never ever ever
won in my entire life so as much as I
wouldn't want to do it I kind of thought
would be really interesting if I wear it
because it's kind of like an excuse to
wear black lipstick because it's not
really a color that I would wear every
single day or if I would just go for
like a plain nude so here is the poll on
the screen and you guys you didn't both
nude I think you're just too nice to me
that's the thing you're just you're just
too nice I do love this color though
even though we got nude lipstick which
was a little bit boring I'm kind of okay
with it because to be honest black lips
it would have made my teeth look quite
yellow and new know things a little bit
prettier and also as you guys can see on
this part I hope you guys if I have
moment air or about to just have you
know plain-jane hair which to be fair
and in the one so I'm very puffy you
guys have done a job mermaid hair is
coming oh my goodness I am obsessed with
my hair
hello I even look at this little bit
rough around it's even purple so
basically these are like clippings but
they look so a flippin good you know
what I actually want to dye my hair like
this but I know it would damage it so
much so I know that I can't because I've
already damaged my hair but I actually
got rainbow hair is the best thing ever
and I've changed a jumper just so you
know match the hair a little bit more
and I'm feeling it I'm so happy if you
follow my Instagram you see that I just
uploaded a new pic Maria Mahesh you
should definitely go and check it out
but the most exciting poll that's
actually ever happened basically I asked
you if I should buy one lottery
or a hundred I've never bought a lottery
ticket my life and I just kind of always
wanted to because I'm at the age where
I'm old enough to buy one now because
I'm old enough to buy one I just never
have I really really really want to
however I would never in a million years
know me spend well actually is I thought
it was like a power power lottery ticket
but apparently they've gone up to two
pound 50 so I never ever ever would
spend 250 pounds on lottery tickets
because I could just lose all the money
I could one you never know it could be
my lucky day probably not so you have to
go to the shop and very embarrassingly
asked to get 100 lottery tickets so
let's go thank you
this is like the most obsessive thing
I've ever done in my entire life so it's
pretty gnarly good luck good luck baby
it was so embarrassing getting the mom
was like sorry we just feel like it's
our lucky date so I decided to get 30
and scratchcards and 70 lottery tickets
and because basically I thought sorting
it all out I thought it'd be more fun to
do the scratch cards because you know
you just like scan the lottery tickets I
guess and I would never normally spend
money on like a lottery ticket or
anything cuz I just think like well I
mean people win yeah well chances people
win the lottery fair enough but I would
never in a million years spend money and
I'm on a scratch car because I just
don't even think they're real like I
think they're fake like I've never known
anyone fair enough you might win five
pounds or something but I don't think
anyone's ever won a jackpot on a lottery
ticket I get your money back no I want
you to get on a scratch card maybe I
might mum you know obviously the lottery
is like a legit thing ya know but I just
I just open it in scratch cards I'm home
and I promised my bro that he could do
them with me and also we can't actually
do the lottery until tonight so before
that my dad's actually in the garden
right now and I just don't know pole
saying who should I prank and it's
actually such a close one which is so
funny it is 51% dad 49% mom which is
actually better because does in the
garden during the gardening so I'm gonna
some mums gonna help me with this prank
so I just told her about bolting I just
love them but that basically does funny
to like obviously creep up on him
because it's probably gonna be doing the
real Madonna walk first of all we're
gonna put a big cup of water at him and
then on top of that we're gonna put a
nice cup of flour so it sticks all over
him which is gonna be disgusting I don't
maybe it gave me bad or me gonna find it
funny but I can just blame on you guys
finally I find it funny that one is very
funny the flower that's gonna stick
after the water it's gonna be brilliant
I'm just pouring the flower
look at that so I've taken my shoes up
and trying to be quite quiet but luckily
it's like it's quite noisy out here and
everyone wanted me to point you over mum
but it was a two so starin first Erin
your mum I'm glad you fixed it as well
really so we've got our lottery tickets
but I've scratched Crouch Reds now home
so we are going to start scratching
these out and then when the lottery
comes on we're gonna stop daddy a
lottery ticket so you ready I'm ready
let's do it
I'm actually so excited
okay right he goes no more imagines like
straight away on one how insane would
that be see it's quite easy for me
excited now what you need just maybe the
same thing yeah yeah it's gonna be quite
a bit
oh I haven't won anything Neve about my
power some noise yeah I lost
Kesler so does one come on yes a pound
no more five pounds more twenty five
twenty five one two three hey wait back
up my age
we just need to worry about a hundred
thousand to get our money it is quite
likely in the evening it's the very last
polling of today so I've got my parents
in the car you know it basically was
50/50 should I drop them or should I
make them walk and Joe I really wanted
him to walk just cuz it means running we
don't we tossed a coin and uh yeah
it's about to do the lottery so the
drawers just be but we didn't actually
watch on TV but I just got my first one
and I got one of free and lucky did yay
so I think I just you need them take the
ticket too huh my first one dream oh my
first ten yeah that's why I met with
fans ten there we go I think yeah uh
morning 25 pounds and that was my last
poll of the day there is my day
controlled by you guys so thank you so
much for all of your support and also
for like if you follow got if you follow
mine Instagram thank you so much
following me and just being apart this
video I love you always so so much I
also have a plug-in channel that's very
similar to this videos if you did like
it definitely go and check it out I'll
link it down below for you guys what
else do I have to say before in this
video oh don't forget to smash a big
thumbs up so I know that you guys
enjoyed it and I could definitely do
more videos like this in the future and
subscribe down below and obviously hit
that Bauer button which is some on
screen I love you all so much and I'll
see you guys very soon bye
Oh
