hey I think you're really cool I like
you a lot hello everyone welcome back to
my channel the happiest days we are if
you guys do follow my vlogging channel
then you will know that I travel a lot
and I have already traveled quite a lot
this year I don't know when this videos
gonna go live but I believe I'm even
going to be in LA or I'm gonna be coming
back from LA I'm going to Coachella it's
so exciting
I feel they've kind of become a pro when
it comes to traveling now if you guys
are going away this year I'm gonna share
my tips and tricks if you to save time
to travel like so you can basically
enjoy the most of your trip or your
holiday before weird you get into this
video I do want to give a big thanks to
PNG that actually sponsoring part of
this video don't you guys know I only
ever work with brand well I actually
really like and fully believe in and
they've actually sent me some of their
great products that I do actually
already own and use so everyone I'll be
sure to leave the links down below so
you guys can find out where to get this
from and and is actually on offer at the
moment so if you want to get it go and
get it quick as I said it be leave down
below I really hope you guys do enjoy
the rest of the video and without
further ado let's get into what firstly
write a list if you start writing it a
couple of days before you can add to it
when something pops up like I can't even
tell you the amount of times I forgot on
my earphones next get body ready if we
didn't know epilating saves time as you
don't have to shave as frequently I have
been using at the Braun at silk uphill 5
so everyone if you are new to this then
it comes with these extra attachments
then it also comes with this beginner
cap that Ethel ace and shapes at the
same time whoa pull my underarms and
touch ups I have been using the Gillette
Venus snap as it's so convenient when
you're on the go you just wet the blade
and you get smooth finish just recently
I started planning my outfits for each
day this will save you some precious
time when you're on holiday and it will
save you from over packing some things
I've always been guilty of you may have
seen this before but if you roll rather
than fold you're not only save space but
it also reduces creasing and I did this
on my last trip and trust me it actually
works this is so annoying
but don't worry I've got the best tip so
to prevent this simply gets a straw and
feed the necklace threat and do it up
there you go tangle free jewelry and
obviously if you have any shorter
bracelets or necklaces then you can cut
the straw to fit
you don't want to be taking a big heavy
bottles of twenties with you so grab
yourself some of these small plastic
travel bottles this set was 1 pound and
even comes to these cute little stickers
who bottles up with just enough of
whatever it is to last you for the time
you are away this is going to help
prevent going over your weight allowance
something I'm definitely guilty of
and
and this is where my Venus nap comes in
so handy because it's cute and compact
and fits conveniently into any bag to
give you hair free legs on the go this
again is another great hack roll your
wires up and tie them with a hairband
this could be a lifesaver because who
doesn't lose their hair bands when on
holiday this way you've not only got
neat and tidy wires but also emergency
hair ties if you have anything valuable
with something they could break like
perfume or anything very similar then
you can put them in your shoes this
doesn't only save space but it also
keeps things safe now I do this with my
perfumes and then sometimes they even
add like underwear or socks and just
kind of like shove them in the end of
the shoe
I always say a couple of empty carry
bags the dirty washing
you're going to want to do that for
obvious reasons and it makes it easier
when you get home and unpack
prepare your gadgets of course sir this
is the most important thing for me
download your faith movie series update
your playlist and charge everything the
night before
where everyone and there is the end of
the video I really hope you guys did
enjoy hopefully in some way it helped
you guys out and if you guys have any
other tips and tricks that you think I
should know that will help me out or
other people out let me know down in the
comments and if it didn't exactly help
you out I hope you just enjoyed anyways
thank you so much for watching and thank
you so much for watching and I'll see
you guys very soon Wow
bye
