hello everyone and welcome back to my
channel honesty I'm in the best mood
right now is so sunny I literally can't
believe summer's come early if you live
in the UK you would know we only were to
get like three days of sunshine so I
don't know if this is gonna be end of
the summer I really really really hope
it carries on I've been in the guard
doing up and just garden in like life is
looking up guys and because it's been so
sunny today as well I actually decided
to film a video that I've been wanted to
do for the longest time so I have
actually seen a Sofia Nygaard do this
video I think she donate maybe like I
don't know how long it was maybe like a
couple of months back but I just
remember watching it and I loved it so
much I thought it was such a good video
idea I'm so big shout out to her if you
wanna see her video obviously I'll link
it down below
so I'm basically doing a video where
strangers pick my outfit it was actually
so nicely from this video in public I
was kind of like unsure about it was
hard to know how people are gonna react
but everybody was so kind so yeah it was
really really really fun to film so
really you guys do enjoy the video smash
a big thumbs up if you guys do and
subscribe down below if you guys haven't
already and I just want to show you guys
what happened so let's get into the
video sorry right now we are on our way
to town I'm slightly nervous and mom has
come with me to film day it is gonna be
funny but also I'm just I'm not nervous
I'm like is anybody actually gonna even
want to be in the video like no mom I
don't want to be filmed I would be would
you I mean I would be but that's because
I do YouTube so maybe I don't know yeah
you know is everything entering no okay
let's go let's go let's go we are off to
go
right in town
I'm joined with hats right now and she
has when we decided to choose Mia top so
I'm so excited it's a boy you think do
you know do you have anything in mind
okay browser long we might be able to
find something yeah let's do it I want
something skimpy whatever you feel like
I need you think I need color if you
think you know you want me to wear some
skimpy whatever you feel
I found the top yeah yeah Wow
so this is the top of Pascal worldwide
we choose this job because I told you I
can ask for myself I think you'd be
great in that path it's quite a reminder
that the sixties a little bit yeah
they're definitely I love her top but
the short of it a bit too short
yeah oh it's a status go at the top yeah
on a chair never know so we're you
thinking of going
oh he's deciding he's fussy it's Maxie
let's get it right please yeah yeah yes
okay we got a tape of these
yeah these are the final shape you have
three items down three different shops
actually as well which is pretty cool
everyone shows me a different shop so I
just need to get a jacket and clapping
eat some accessories to go in Primark
right now and I just met Sam and she is
gonna choose me Ennis any accessory so
like a bag sunglasses pretty much like
whatever Sam decides I'm ready yeah okay
that's good
this is the bag that Sam has decided to
choose I actually really like it
is this how you would well you check
that I would wear yeah what kind of
babies kind of boy might fit you know
like the patches they already caught so
okay I've just spent these something
else if you actually watch my videos it
is really cool so thanks guys
that's introduce yourself and they are
going to choose me a jacket so you ready
okay this is what the back inside wait
hang on this would be the jacket that
we're going for I really like and
everyone here is the final outfit my
outfit chosen by strangers you know what
nothing in my opinion really goes that
well however I actually really do like
all of the items individually and
actually I'm quite pleasantly surprised
obviously one weathers together and to
be honest nobody actually knew well the
other person have or no one had any idea
of what the whole outfit was gonna look
like
and basically they just got harder they
just had to pick one item for me I
really like the jacket it's definitely
something that I would usually wear I'm
gonna take off so you can see more of
the top there's kind of uh gives me the
60s vibe and honestly if I was shopping
for myself I would not pick this up but
now I've got it on I actually really
really really like it so this is the top
of hat chose me you know I mentioned in
the video
I met Patton Zara and M that's why this
top is from the striped trousers isn't
something I would usually go and pick up
myself however I actually really like
them on and I'm actually debating
whether to get the other color that was
in the store from Topshop so thanks Nell
good shower
the shoes is something I would have
probably already bought myself it's
already my style I'm just like the
jacket and just set the bag I'm so
bright and public you don't amazing
definitely adventurous and yeah I really
really like it so everyone honor there
it was and I really hope you guys
enjoyed this video I want to give a big
thanks to everybody that was in here
Vicki Neal Chloe Patricia and whomever
gettin sad
thank you thank you thank you for being
a part of the video it really does mean
a lot and honestly everybody was so kind
as well I'm it's such nice people on the
way and I want to get my phone is
seriously running I seriously want to do
more videos like this in public so that
is something that you guys want to see
then obviously let me know down in the
comments and you can also let me know if
I smash a big thumbs up thank you so
much for watching
oh you can also subscribe to my bug in
channel because I do a lot of stuff like
this so go and do that as well but yeah
I hope you guys did enjoy and I see you
guys very soon bye
