hi everyone now for today's video
I think Lacey I'm dropping her parents
again my mom Wendy Wendy Wendy Vails ah
darn bar over here and today we are back
with another the so cringe another
clothing challenge
are you excited and I am excited yeah
sorry we don't want to have my etch
obviously not one of my favorites are
you excited whoo whoo excited you don't
see my girl so they both went to H&M
which is actually a store that I really
really really like I shop there all the
time I was so hopefully I got some good
outfit it is one of my favorite high
street shops probably is my favorite I
see shop but they say that I went there
they had I like my outfit they had sadly
makes it I would have bought for you in
like this there was nothing in oh wow
those shoes literally I do not know that
was I know never go in there and I could
let you buy a whole wardrobe and stuff
and I win and then I literally struggle
to find an outfit that's so you know I
really struggle dogs in there in about 4
minutes
did somebody struggle just saw so I
thought wow okay
and there was also no budget for this as
well because I've done a lot videos like
this and there's gonna be like a 20
pound 25 humbug it but with the we kind
of switch out but it'll be also I've
never done the slaw hmm so if you guys
do enjoy this video then I will leave
all of the other videos like this that
we've done in the past we have done so
many my mum so far is taking the need
I'm really mom wants people over the
best ones what do you mean you win the
best I win the battle I was why the
boring one anyways I really hope you
guys do enjoy the video the others will
be linked down below don't forget to
also go and subscribe to the fucking
channel because I feel like every day is
really good these guys are a network
well you are
anyways hope you guys enjoy let's get
into the video right so he wants to go
fast who's gonna do it - life you go
first
okay we're saving the best alarm wickley
jeez then hundred and ten pounds because
wow roughly the same as well
really yeah oh my goodness yeah Wow
lasers but I mean it does kind of remind
me of bright deckchair brick it's the
fibrous try me know when to break that's
pretty nice and also it has padding so
it's gonna make my i'll be super
critical of it it's gonna make my
shoulders chief violators that is a
suburb I'll get a nice time padding and
notes from the opal because it's gonna
make it so much wait for oh you know oh
you got this absolute huge oh oh I
thought it was sure it's a scarf yes
lemon hue yeah it's no I'm not gonna fit
in that it's long yeah I don't like this
out Oh
I thought that's gonna go down to my
knees anyway
we see what it's like on well hold our
thoughts will looks like God I honestly
thought it was yeah thanks nyesha this
is a good napkin right shoes I have no
NationsBank Mason submariner you're
normally amazing for these they say you
go there often yeah yeah and you fellas
Oh often and you came back with a feel
about oh yeah
but I think you really nesting cos I
don't even know if you can see their
little no I now really cute shoes
they're they're quite so kind of and
also I always wear like not me I never
wear that bad now it's not that bad it's
just you know that it's you
you say my god I think they're like you
on anyway I'm confident I'm gonna be
confident in my outfit that is my own by
100 oh my that is expensive and
obviously all of it that is a lot of
money it's nobody's an author outfit
like this bag gets sweet but it's just I
just wouldn't let you know that I don't
wear this sort of bag it's not me so
that's why it's family just things they
had in there that was it you take your
deck chair and we're gonna move on it to
dad the bees outfit you ready it's not
addressing this is this is proper no no
it's gonna wear that is it that is
barren did you have frozen knickers and
submit to it you've got like 50 pills
for that that is I'll tell you what
anyone can pull that off so you can does
that look like a debt yet no look at
that it's like silk is a horrible fabric
is your silk but it's not it's not a
deckchair that was it
Brian deckchair hold ah look at that
beautiful that flows anyway let's move
on oh and look at that
I think realize there was this much
material that's just not something that
I would wear and that you know what it
is
this could go either way it could to
come in ability as in a way to go if you
want audiences these shoes they should
have been in high heels so I got these
they made a halfpipe in within H&M today
these are the spots up and these are
moon boots and they you know if you're
going to the best you've ever done now
and to be fair if you've got heels or
wedges can I just quickly have a look at
those if you've got heels or wedges like
Val victims it really cool but I'm like
the shortest person ever and they look
really long and what I like the shoes
but I just don't know with the outfit
dad what was you thinking bless your
heart done
okay so it's not really expensive to
show and it's actually really good no
biggest different shades of pinks is
kind of clashes this is what makes it I
called it the honeycomb bag because when
you first see it you might love
the scary on touch rings
but do not the base on it do that the
shoes the skirt is all think if it came
with shorts it would be so much nicer
but I think you could just waiting for
mascara the top
actually they are absolutely beautiful
compared to this Wow
so which pick another think I figured
out I love this this is nothing
carnation
I decide okay if there was other things
up trouble in the shot okay well let's
find out saving the winner no bet
I mean I love the shoes are the trousers
this is Hugh oh that's sweet
well I actually think it's already goes
down on note safety measures oh yeah
it's a baby epic old lady way too big
yeah well I'm good yeah I think this
could be Mama's to be fair so yeah it's
really hard to tell because you've got
way too a big other side yeah yeah Wow
alright more you believe it material
sorry mine I really hope you guys did
enjoy the video overall I'm more pushing
towards chance now biggest cooler if I'm
being honest real cool but I was
thinking you guys can vote in the poll
and let me know you guys thought one and
also please let me know down in the
comments as we are all in training
honestly yeah
every time we do it what are these
videos they're like who's winning he's
worth is winning so yeah you'd really
yeah you do the most secretly do anyways
I hope you guys did enjoy if you want to
see more videos like this and there's
other shops that you think my parents
should go and find me an outfit out then
please also do let me know down in the
comments and then we know as well if you
prefer no budget videos or if you prefer
one that you have a budget Jeff thank
you could've got a twenty five pounds
anyway but you could be just being the
basics yeah plain t-shirt once it goes
free pen ninety-nine
anyways every thank you guys enjoyed
honest you guys probably soon my
