good morning everyone
hello today is a day that I try and go
try and go vegan for 24 hours or
basically trying to attempt a
plant-based diet you know I'm actually
really excited for this because I would
honestly love to be vegan hello like I'm
just being completely honest I am the
fussiest eater ever so I do actually eat
a lot of me however I would love to try
and cut this out but therefore I have no
idea what I would eat apparently there
is tons and tons of tons different
alternatives nowaday so I'm actually
really excited though I have actually
attempt this on my vlogging channel
before however it was a bit of a nap
attempt I did actually technically say
vegan for the day but I just kind of
walk through it anybody cook anything I
never had anything that I wouldn't
normally go out and eat today I really
wanted to try things I never would
normally try and actually went to the
show this morning to get my breakfast I
decided I wanted to make a sausage back
so I went to the shop this morning and
here are some bits that I got sausages
cheese and then I got some become rap I
was getting really excited so I got
myself two chocolate raisins don't be
half of my breakfast and then I got this
here which is Kiwi mango wheatgrass and
matcha tea
I don't really know this just looks
healthy and had a vegan sign on it so I
was like okay let's get this so I'm
gonna go see what it tastes like
I do love sausages I'm gonna have to
have their exact you know what the vegan
ones are gonna taste like if I love them
that would be absolutely amazing so big
has crossed everyone oh there's a little
person
hi you want to be vegan with me for
today
kiyo confuses I'm cooking my sausages
and they look red like they actually
look right which is a little bit
concerning I don't know well I'm waiting
for my sausages to cook I thought I'd
show you the cheese I bought so all the
cheese that was Lincoln was like a
crusty color and it wasn't like a normal
or like typical cheddar cheese color so
I went for these ones I don't know what
they're gonna taste like because they're
a different color to every other vegan
cheese they look more like normal
tragedies that I would usually have
that's why I picked up these I'm so
confused my sausages are actually red
more
so I really want some source with my
rack kind of looking a bit plain and
boring but I don't actually know if you
can have ketchup it's ketchup be good I
don't no idea so let's go to Google and
simply hunt Sketchup that cleans help
ingredient is ketchup can mislead not a
hundred percent bigger okay so the upset
is most catch well actually there is
ketchup that you can you know that is a
big gun but the catch is that I have is
unfortunately not a hundred be good so I
don't want to like cheat in any possible
way I really really really want to do
that so I ended up just chopping up
tomatoes at little trade tomatoes and
put them in my wrap instead which to be
honest is probably a lot healthier
anyways and I know anyone was speaking
right now is gonna be screaming down the
camera like God for happens have that so
I know there definitely is like other
capture that they can go and get and I
should off but I didn't think about it
there's a lot I need to think about when
you're not be getting fried ready I mean
it's not bad at all I think it's a
really thing just because obviously I
haven't got any sauce my definitely
doesn't taste like me that's for sure
I'll be able to tell this was a meat
straight away but actually it's pretty
good the cheese is so good it tastes
like you know the fake American cheese
that's what it tastes like and that's
honestly my favorite is ever so I could
sit eat this all wrong let's get the
sausage for go on its own
ready this up same thing it's actually
quite good I would just right away know
that it's not me but actually it's
pretty good chance to breakfast
very aware this is kind of gross this is
how much I'm left with because I'm
actually really full but that was
actually there was an OK breakfast it
was actually quite good I'd say I'm in
town I've been doing a little bit of
shopping and I met up with both my
parents and Harlow and there were
parents because I told them I was going
to take them out for lunch which I am I
am sticking to however or they don't
know is I'm I actually forgot is I'm
actually eating vegan for the day no
you're not it's good you know it's
better to really help three that I found
in Brighton anyways we're gonna head to
one of them now I did find this one
though that basically is a Pizzo vegan
restaurant which I thought might be
better for you guys I think you guys are
myself yeah but you might like you know
you just gotta get but I think you're
gonna like it
I hope so I like it too here we go just
oak I guess the door nice Wendy
you don't really think about this
because the restaurants fall so we're
gonna try another vegan restaurant there
we go restaurant number two so this is a
restaurant that we're currently in it is
actually vegetarian but it does have
this and all the symbols here which
helps me out a lot so I know exactly
what against otherwise I don't really
put into myself and eat two eggs two
something I wouldn't be realized
hello what vegan feeling you're gonna
have why are you gonna have feel and
design oh thank you so our food has
arrived and oh my goodness mom and I
actually so excited aren't wait how good
okay mom's just go right in with the
chips oh yeah we got we got some
thick-cut chips as well I'm not exactly
sure what this sauce is I need to see if
I believe this but I'm excited to try
this because this is topic I've never
tried toffee before or this also in
their version of KFC's which is what
would add some more again 24 I qualify
I'm not sure
good be honest is actually what is that
so I'm having this I have to know what
it's tofu and which battle on top and
some thoughts I don't really know nice
I'll show you what I am is nothing look
at my food wash up everything that
you've tried so far ma'am clean up in
all of it I am also loving the old
love that you can still have chips great
stuff you're so bad I take you to this
vegan restaurant now guys on you
actually ready
but it is a nicer person normally if I'm
like we just finished eating actually my
boy quite enjoy this experience
however topic is the word if you have
ever eaten and I never what do you do
again another about maybe a bearish date
are done a bit more shopping in town
which is always fun but honestly I don't
quite sick so I drove to the marina
which is like another side of Brighton
where there's a massive a star to
basically go and make myself some dinner
and get myself some food and ingredients
for dinner however before loving and
more food is actually making me feel so
sick now all of us was saying because
there was so many different flavors and
so many different like sweeteners and
just labors in general we just awful
stick honestly it was so good but it
felt like I was eating so much more now
like the thought of getting dinner I'm
like oh honey just been sitting here on
my phone like thank you more to make so
don't want to make a whole nother milk
but was honestly lunch was the biggest
meal I thought maybe I'll get like some
ingredients for vegan pancakes because
that's like kind of quick and easy and
it's like very sweet but it's like not
as a massive meal so maybe we do that
oh by the way in case you're wondering
suffered how come you suddenly got to
cool place and made you one basically I
got my makeup done and by my friend
actually in town because I'm going out
outside my friends so I thought I was
done get up and look around and there's
a literally one packet oh no there's two
buckets of strawberries but once all
that we look at this it's actually begun
hang on vegan can we just witness this
I'm so excited
at Ben and Jerry's a chocolate fudge
brownie today go everyone cheers to that
clicker pancakes for dinner right and
home and as I mentioned I'm very very
very stuck to hopefully it tastes
amazing it's doing however I have such a
sweet tooth so I am ready for their
bamboo ingredients and I'm gonna get my
recipe out and start making a vegan
pancakes and I pull all the sea
strawberry soup on top as well so
hopefully oh I was a vegan ice cream
that I have you asked me with it too and
hopefully it tastes good
this is the recipe I'm using for anyone
wondering and I will see I'll leave it
down below
the ingredients is so now it's time to
actually just mix the batter
right so good luck to me doing this
maybe I put too much oil in the bottom I
don't know might stick I don't really
know how the pancake can possibly look
that considering they are the easiest
things to make my family actually looks
pretty good it's thick so I'm gonna flip
it in a minute but I'm going to cut my
strawberry
while some waiting how amazing does this
look doesn't it
no it's not for you but like just how
good I've actually made another one
these that same thing so I'm so excited
hollows good mmm that is my own one dad
hollow really is good yeah try it so
that's Ben and Jerry's new ice cream
that actually came out yesterday because
it's world vegan day is it ice yeah it
looks so good doesn't it
okay what I'm really glad I made myself
is pancake do you guys have talked in is
it good is it
oh yeah everyone's like happy to try
this one no way
seriously your dress might be a pancake
and ice cream oh but she looks like she
likes it
she's stopping that in Oh - this is
Kenny was better my friend pancake hurry
up try some of this it's actually insane
how insane is that doesn't it one of the
best things I've ever eaten in my life
literally nicer than the oh yeah that's
what I think Tony making for breakfast
yeah is enough what if you actually walk
that's so good like obviously this
actually
remember the best things I've ever eaten
yet and two happy people later many
moments later that food was so good
honestly we ain't like an hour ago then
we started watching movie and then we
didn't realize the time was like oh wait
we're supposed to be going out to eat I
still don't have a little nuts nut
sitter I didn't really have dinner
although I feel like I've eaten so much
today I got these jar chocolate raisins
it's fun at me for a long time you and I
talked about raisins I'm I've everything
on the whole world and they don't stop
people either hate them or love them
so let me know down the comments
although these become ones who actually
tastes pretty different to normal shock
a raisin that's already on me I'm going
to sit here and enjoy this the pancakes
went down such a treat honestly there
was so good Harriet was like honestly we
need help become pancakes all the time
so I recommend I won't leave the recipe
down below but you know I don't know if
this is quite naive but I kind of just
thought being vegan was just like
vegetable was like I never really
thought about it enough I mean it is
really really really hard to be vegan
like I really did struggle I didn't
realize the amount of things aren't
vegan so those are a lot of things I
picked up that were vegetarian but not
be good so it is quite hard but there is
actually I think you just it's one of
those things I mean I can't talk because
I've never personally been vegan myself
only today obviously but I think it's
definitely one of those things you would
get used to and there's also
alternatives for pretty much everything
so I mean I would love to do this but I
think there's one of those things maybe
I'll get used to so maybe I'll think
about it but all in all I just don't
really know if I have the time to be
vegan because I feel like it is probably
quite time consuming but obviously let
me know down in the comments below if
you are anyways thank you so much for
watching this video I've actually really
enjoyed it I'm gonna carry on sit here
munching my chocolate raisins and then
I'm gonna go out three evening one of my
friends and I can't wait so I hope you
guys did enjoy this vlog I try to be as
vegan as possible I mean actually I
think I've completely stuck to it so I
think I did a pretty good job today
better than I did over on my rug in
channel save you guys enjoy to smash a
big thumbs up subscribe down below and
I'll see you all very very soon bye
