hi everyone welcome back to my channel
when I bought today's video I'm going
with my mother I know and we had doing a
video that I have to be honest who don't
want to film and I'm yes so excited for
this finding this video I can't tell you
it's been so so cool and loved it I like
reading I'm really glad you loved it I
thought you're just gonna set me up here
I'm a little better be awful there's no
way to be fair it's really hard to I was
born in 2500 far as I suppose I was out
with 98 it like late 80s 90s teen all
the fashions that were there whether in
then I in now so like we are like
trumpian track suits and kickers I see
that there in the shops on there like
timber Liza we've got so much Adele but
you don't mean it all comes back round
again so it's actually been quite hard
because most of things that you would
wear I did wearing it so I kind of went
for something which I did wear all the
time it is more like always at school
you somewhere throw some shoes with a
height of it really good fun I love it
so I really hope you guys to do it enjoy
the video mum's gonna show me the out
fix obviously I haven't seen it yet and
I'm so so so nervous I really hope you
guys to do enjoy it it's much a big
thumbs up let's try and get this video -
I want your kitties out
sixty is a seed be really cool 15
boutique or six you'd be better 70 of
these yeah we get excited and they're
shaky dresses makes a diamond I was in
my 20s and that is worse and I will go a
long way back kind of like long skirts
like those late yeah I'm not doing that
if we get $70 and why do that anyways so
mommy ready let's do it get into the
video so I'm gonna start from the bottom
up so this side sexpot mistake here and
Gary buck leave up Scholl provokes
cloudy I don't think these a brush at
the moment I think there was very
something that you will really like
about these so okay this is oh good
Norman right oh no you're not right no
more boys icon that we wore is actually
half the size too big because I couldn't
after I tried everywhere to get these
things the classic highs you didn't wear
those IDs no you should see the other
two movies the way if I'm gonna cut them
they were called wannabes and they were
like Cornish pasty shoes they were
bright red as well I think they'll be
better because these are like oh no so
really good come on like the classics
what in fact July about the shower has
even like black ensemble I think you
mean rain she tried to make this I know
like this in a while at all this is why
wonder where I would wear these to
school with my little black skirt this
isn't it so that's that same thing can't
wait to see you in there very exciting
and
this is a beyond retro bag and I would
love beyond retro yeah so it's not gonna
go much okay it doesn't necessarily all
go together because it's quite hard to
trying to find like it like I just want
to do something really wrong about it
that kind of era
can I go it's an outfit this is an
element of necessarily war all this
together I might have done but the
jacket isn't quite like the one hat but
it's this kind of style
okay can I also just say if we're going
out and about say in this outfit
nobody's at school is half turn and this
Saturday so like please feel for me like
Siri yeah that one the reward is that is
so fine it when I'm not doing with those
high shoes I think would be my school
uniform I wear this this is what
everyone around that time war okay
that's them
but amazing so I try to get used to have
scotch a stock's down because I thought
you'd like this because you have likes
women taste like tomatoes over
computer-supported a nice little
opponent work teenager the 1970 better
okay you know yeah my this is what we
can make might be a male friend at the
time of year like a mine for me if I
loved Michael Jackson so and I still do
so yeah so that's I find out that cool
top-tier and they're just like sure
obviously shelf suits with a height of
fashion this isn't the same color for me
doesn't this doesn't come across
doesn't count no she's got red shoes and
a powerful jacket no matter cuz this is
the jacket but you have to have it my
oversized it hides which it is this was
27 pounds through secondhand shop I was
like what
so people do wear these no they are I
just feel so uncomfortable ready it's
the fact that I know that I'm gonna put
so uncomfortable
I imagine the but the last thing you'd
wear on this planet habit we're in
public one will know what's it worth a
these shoes look worse than is jump last
the Jack you know I've talked my way to
they want a bit that a cute no no see I
dress I hate hotels and they imply this
day and here it is here is my outfit my
mom's outfit I just felt like it's funny
because I think the jackets not the
worst part like I feel like these shoes
are just they're gonna be below the
shoes are the worst part that by a mile
I just think the shootings actually the
cue I think your fashion really soon
no yes so I'm factoring on my legs no
you can't see my ankles so they just
sold saturation around this is companies
have a look amazing you know let's go
let's hit the town right so we are ready
it's who's go we're gonna start off the
day by going into town mom wants to get
some bit as I said it's gonna be so
embarrassing because like everybody's
off school and stuff and it is gonna be
so so so busy it's so not looking
forward to this but you have to do what
you have to do who's gonna call my hair
but we just don't have much time because
mommy's that go get some bits from
tanning ASAP so we are gonna make the
most other day and spend the day in this
outfit not dealing at all plus
Jed my mom my mom goes Jim what what do
you think the worst thing goes up and he
goes everything that's like hey guys
this is just a little insight of how
busy Brighton is today I cannot wait to
be walking around
he's excited though yeah maybe they
won't but I noticed me and I know that I
don't feel comfortable why where it's a
very unusual theme devices very true
thanks a lot
actually I think I'm embracing embrace
it yes my glasses don't help so let's
hit those are literally only just
arrived into town had so many pictures
with you guys aka viewers and I did ask
my opinion on my outfit and they said it
a really nice fighting I do saying that
to be very polite I would try and get
some people's opinions if we need
anybody else but it's just I just can't
I literally can't I just hear people
saying my name and I'm just like please
yeah I know so walk in the stairs in my
beautiful shoes I kind of forgot to
mention how cold I am as well like so
cold in a little miniskirt boy be
kidding these guys look so nice
what about you can you film
basically this is my mom
so we have you just somewhere that what
would you say to some devotee being
usable everywhere after table anywhere
but look how amazing my food Birds it
looks so good well was that it's amazing
but I look it looks very very very yummy
so I'm excited stuck in both samurais as
we walked in there was like the security
at the door like briefly curry came out
went through and dinner they looked my
outfit up and down
so left-handed in town for like five
hours it's chilling he felt like the
longest day ever and when I got that I
kind of thought you know I'm gonna
embrace it you know I can live the
moment but I ended up just being so it's
so so embarrassed it's just really hard
like when you're not comfortable in what
you're wearing like I just didn't feel
like myself the entire day and I bumped
into so many people that I knew people
that knew me and it it was embarrassing
so but you know what was different but I
won't do it again so we're now on the
way to my Nan's house to go see my Nana
and granddad which I'm excited for and
it's funny I don't know if she's gonna
say anything because obviously like this
is what my mummy said dress tonight so
it's gonna be interesting to see if my
Nana granddad like a recognizes outfit I
mean there might not they might just
said this and we're going home anywhere
who knows we are going in no no what do
you think of my outfit I like you did my
mother yeah it's so funny oh my god I
thought what weren't all day like there
so far so Barrow
yeah turn very true so I have come home
and all my family are laughing at me at
my outfit opinions everyone what you
think in hello dad obviously that was
white for myself of you know
okay say the car we think in future yeah
I literally copy over now like they're
like basically like you should be on
your way to like a roller disco yeah
also my fancy dress right told you oh
right yes my mom my Casey's the shoes is
in there no the shoes are awful
absolutely also Casey said the shoes are
worse as well it's with the leg warmers
Kyle you know that is the end of the
video I really hope you guys did enjoy
it I am so glad I wasn't born when my
mom was because I seriously do not know
how this in fashion and even if it was I
just I just can't see myself wearing it
and I did torre√≥n live the moment trying
to brace it but it's quite hard yoga and
like says from everybody and like double
takes
especially women my mom's age because
didn't these did though women were
actually like double hey walk past like
a cafe behind then there's these women
nights of my age they were like front of
me I was thinking I feel like I'm out
with my mates and I'm like 17 again and
I was just out was one of my mates and
then she turns out I think I know sir
yeah it's just me it's just me
Perryman she was like 15 or 16 anyways I
hope you guys enjoyed the video because
everyone I really hope you guys did
enjoy the video I found I did you you
enjoyed the video and glad I'm very glad
I feel like maybe I moved a little bit
but honestly it's just I just didn't
feel comfortable in myself wearing that
I just didn't even feel like me so it
was it was definitely different it was a
fun experiment kind of I really hope you
guys did enjoy it smash a big thumbs up
subscribe down below
and I'll see you guys very soon I
