however back to my channel without wood
sales video I'm joined with my younger
brother Chet Oh
today Jenna what are we doing what is in
the box what is in the box
I do repeat so I'm pretty excited pretty
nervous you just very nervous very
nervous mom and dad only so my father
got a very strange so I could follow in
the blogs shake yourself frame way that
you will know that they will help to
describe moment unguent
interesting random sorry Rondo with
everything mean harsh
maybe anyway we're doing what's in the
books I'm pretty nervous I hope you guys
do enjoy though it's very requested to
do with being over the jets well judge
anything up okay
smoke a big thumbs up how many lives you
going for jet come on you think what I
pops to your mind come on just I know
what you're thinking you know I also
made sure you guys subscribe it's out
below okay what you'll need for this
video you're going to be boxing bosses
let's do it we've got boxes which are
pretty brilliant we can put our hands
throat it's all i d-- i mean active up
windows of opposite our summer would see
so we're gonna have an ass so monster
throw them over hashtag stuck with the
ex-prime oh oh seriously those are bad
this one isn't pretty yours it's my
favorite one so we've got my ass bitch
but we definitely can't see knows it's
gonna be a competition jet yeah I feel
like I'm gonna win okay
okay anyway let's do it thank you Bob
oh that was so scary
I know that you guys are watching I
think or what the hell but it was scary
was it when you don't know what's there
yeah everything a hundred times now
because we don't survive animal like we
wouldn't even we had normal parents but
we don't have North High ruler's
reticulum yeah okay we just gotta do it
just gonna do it hands in
I'm trying to talk myself into this
right now so cheer Electrify oh my god
oh oh okay all these no feathers oh this
was this is no this is oh my god what
the hell is this it's long do you change
what is it it's the end Harper fish
sorry
you know a pretty small luck piece but
it has to be finished sure why they will
come on
is it sure is a shame no I taste what's
unfair wait no it's cool Bokke me now
like a play like hit this off whatever I
even though I wouldn't eat it but it's
just nothing I think it's like you I
know I'm in touching your slime so I
have all the goodies claw is that fish
yeah well it's not the part of the face
you could possibly some disgusting slime
like a fish dog face did that oh my god
is if it kind of off sufficient yeah no
I got it no way touch the fish and all
that you're not see realizes I'm not a
slime that's why you spray like it's so
scared very easily when you don't over
to the Box it's scaring me so right
let's give it a go I think in my face
yeah yeah moving now for this movie if
you may be moving out I swear noches I'm
the watching thanks spikey another
Jarrett's but I said
do it this time so I'm just gonna do it
hey Cho
it's a crock no no oh I'm so scared oh
sorry sorry so I think it's your little
problem anything no I think I'm losing
it
I thought it's hurting it though or
maybe probably dead no why is it why is
it or list it up are you touching or not
that wasn't me that time yet oh wow why
the game and if they're away from
readers why once I did that it caught me
oh my god is definitely moving
its way up so babies why not is it
oh my cold water it's an animal thinking
it's wire no it's a whiner yeah
but it's really small relative so my god
it's very clear ejected with this video
unfortunately among all gusted are
guarded by comedy this is one of them
always freaking out what the hell anyway
it was her because the Hedgehog thought
it's a hectare guessing it was quickly
safe at one point but it was definitely
interesting
I'm very sorry when how scared I'm
panicked Robles and nervous okay to be
fair I was discreet it made me more
nervous
something the sponsor was so terrifying
but honest you guys you need to try this
at home with your family like if you
have we're parents like ours then you
never know what's going inside the box
and it could be something terrifying and
if we do this again maybe there could be
something else that actually is alive so
obviously like the last time to view vs.
Mir separately videos then as my parents
have actually done like alive things I
like a lot of creatures hence when we
were so scared because if I put my hand
in a box with mice rats and like actual
like whatever like eels and stuff but
like he's just been absolutely
disgusting and really scary so the girl
I don't know I was speaking it I think
it was gonna be some active or for any
no gross they were very but not very
well
enjoying nation's Menshikov jet social
media as well as mine I will link it
down below and I'll see you some reason
yeah I
