hi everyone and welcome back to my
channel now for today's video i'm
clearly joints with my dad again I know
you guys love having my dad on my
channel now for today's video we are
doing something a little bit different
what we've ever done before aren't we
massive yeah we're pretty nervous Alyssa
today we're doing the clothes swap
challenge in public so basically I have
chosen my dad an outfit and my dad has
chosen me an outfit and we're gonna have
to try and complete three different
challenges right so I hope you guys
enjoy the video smash a big thumbs up if
we get to 60,000 then we definitely do
it another video like this in a public
again I'm saying that now I haven't
finished yet
a subscribe down below and let's get
into the video
okay nice faster should I go guys guys
okay oh my gosh she won't just come out
with the worst things just like I know
start from the top part right whatever
you know everyone okay this panics like
oh god oh god where this is a big day oh
my baby you've got that for me I think
you buy that but she never start with me
she got you that thing cuz he gets as
well that's not even like a nice pink
but that pink is like is I got purple
okay oh it's disgusting okay so this is
my worry and my spot this lovely shirt
so dad what have you got to go away
there well they can't Bo you don't want
to give you anything else now so just
normal Oh
yeah but they're not gonna be found the
anchor already these aren't gonna be joy
surely I think the top part will be
tight but not the fun actually I would
just neck like these all at men's shoes
okay that's my outfit down are you ready
for yours
okay the first thing dad is this Mickey
Mouse crap
it also says hock me on back so dad you
might even get lucky in it yeah it's
basically like crop so no tops
underneath you just got this in your own
good job I'm keeping you all right and
then you've got some skinny
what I'll think I'll ever pulled out you
think okay then we've got some skinny
tight highways already you're gonna get
these nothing lolly cheese room I like
that when is every single day there's
very time boy I'm not gonna give them my
car sticker that's quite sure as well
because I'm really sure I have to get
the show oh my gosh jeez the extra short
ones nicely you've got my Gucci's life
only things that you want to fit into
because it's a lot bigger than me so
like you would have been able to put any
of my other stuff to put in the slides
hideous toys are gonna be hanging out
the other side you know it's time you
have you know I reckon I'm gonna pull it
off 500 no I'm gonna get three or four
hugs
also embarrass marina oh my dad is
dressing me as well you can I do my
uncle it's James
yours little back excuse no no change
okay so we've got outfits on we are
ready to go I feel so uncomfortable no
man might fight the jeans are feeling
comfortable except when you look like
dad's like like the dad March not so
everyone we are in the car wheel on the
way to do challenge number one as I said
I'm the dad so I get the quantity now
you gonna air bubble beanies we feel
like it was right
yeah we are pretty nervous I've wanted
to be excited to do this in any way to
perform herbalism Ramallah challenge
this is crazy
dad doesn't like me to go okay anyways
that bring out a challenge number one
but not looking at you
as we can which is yo I feel like it's
really not a very diverse City I mean
when we went into that coffee shop
though that people did give us dirty
looks but you know walking here I feel
kind of furry ready
okay now we're getting closer to town I
thought American couple are you walking
with it was that type nice is so dumb
yes even she's not gonna talk to it's so
that night it is kind of a song you do
not hide yourself wearing it I think
that kind of skin type
so that our self-control
from there right and then get to a big
booth
for hours the end of the video I can't
believe how it wasn't even that it was
like embarrassing I just felt really
uncomfortable because I got it where we
did it we did it yeah I feel proud that
we did it but I drew it in a funny way
not good why yeah I've quite enjoyed it
because it was just different quite
enjoyed it we're not dressing up video
clothes on this thing but just not
caring what other people think that's
what you need to have that mindset like
I don't even normally cow other people
thing I think it's just cuz I felt
really uncomfortable and what I was
wearing what do you think who wore it
the best yeah yeah but in the polls and
let us know down below who wore it the
best and who also done the best job
overall anyways I hope you guys enjoyed
the video and hopefully receive
Eraserhead
hi
