hi everyone and welcome back to my
channel today's video is very exciting
and also very different I don't think
I've actually ever done anything like
this on my channel before today's video
is actually inspired by my mature if I
dipped in series I think these are so
cool and I just really enjoyed watching
them so it kind of just really got me
thinking what would happen if I actually
ended up somewhere like what happened
for an example if I actually lived in a
store Friday or what would happen if I
actually lived in my favorite sort of
the day okay Primark by the way this is
like I'm not a poet anyone wondering
recently I've just done at my Primark
talk
so if you guys follow my blogs or in
fact if you just follow any people mine
in general you will know that I've
actually just got my own range out in
Primark which is so exciting and I just
had the best tour ever meeting in
greeting tons of you so thank you so
much guys
so that's quite a bit of my brain like
so much recently
so I was really just thinking about
everything that's happened what would it
be like if I did live in a Primark store
what would I do like how would I
entertain myself I think I must have
been thinking about it a little bit too
deeply because it was so weighed like I
went to bed and then all of a sudden
this happened to everyone so that's the
end of today's vlog thank you so so much
for watching and I hope to see you
tomorrow bye
Mort
which is pretty cool I feel like I must
be dreaming
why
I think I must have been thinking about
it a little bit too deeply cuz it was so
wait like I went to bed and then all of
a sudden this happened
