hey welcome back to my channel now for
today's video I'm so excited I'm doing
something I've never done on my channel
core and in fact I'm very nervous for so
I feel like I definitely need some my
youtube powers to help me out so try to
think would be twice now make a you
should follow our Twitter's you're
saying a lot of people can be sappy baby
so it was easy to know where I'm at to
nowhere
so as you guys can see I'm joined with
Anastasia and I'm joined with Roxy and
if you guys want to see more videos like
this the three of us you know what to do
smash a big thumbs up let's try and get
us a 50,000 yeah and if you don't want
to see more videos of the three of us
you can check out these guys channels
because we did actually film videos on
all of our channels so Anna what did you
feel we need to pass the present
challenge I was gonna get messy it's
going down it's going down Oh
my channel did would we do the ultimate
Christmas challenge and making the
selectors yeah all versus each other's
yeah that's gonna be very intense as you
guys can see from the title of the video
I'm doing a weird food combination and
I've never seen anybody do Christmas
edition obviously I know that Alicia
Marie started this and I loved her
videos that's kind of made me want to do
this anyways I hope you guys enjoy let's
get into the video as well told me about
jinx jinx again I'm so scared for this I
don't think it's gonna I don't think I'm
gonna make it right you think you would
because like subset is to pancakes but
yeah just smells like Nutella now you're
not thinking you found the auction yeah
yeah
three two one
so good okay guys personally I am gonna
get that a big thumbs up you guys right
guys so the next one is the discovering
so it's literally a roast dinner now I
know a lot of people in America don't
know what that probably Australia as
well don't even know what roast in your
ears which is so strange but it's like a
traditional thing that we have here in
the UK I have every single Sunday okay
this isn't really selling of Rhodes who
normally evokes unleashing and already
so good anyway so some people might
think this is normal to have ketchup
with roast enough in gravy yeah that's
yeah but some people actually have like
gravy and ketchup
okay it's kind of weird don't believe
you guys
wait this is so anyway I 100 Sookie oh
oh
I would have that there she tastes like
socks something like that I'm surprised
that I like to have this all right the
next one is pretty I don't know how I
feel about this it's Pringles and
applesauce see this is not meant for
roast dinner yeah yeah yeah I can't we
open it up yeah kringles open so
everyone got a Pringle yep
so how much did you choke I feel like
this is gonna be a shock to the system
you know I put another one on top of it
make
Oh
what I'm confused what's happening hmm
is it good or is it bad Hotel would I
have it again no - I'm gonna go with a
thumbs down thumbs up it really loves
down I think wasn't the father's like
you thought you would be yeah
why nice guys is Oreos and at these are
the mid-pipe Oreos if I like Oreos are
just really festive in green circle and
they're definitely more Christmas near
the basket orange yeah it's amazing
what's up milk
well yeah it's good if I do love orange
juice and I love Oreos so this is gonna
be good I couldn't eat it now the thing
is that I'm not big on orange juice no
not really
and I'm a pallet leaves of mint it just
seems really way to be very very
lightweight these are men and this is
orange can't you give it a swirl when
you have it with the Oreo though the
drink that's not good really I don't if
you have like a big gulp of the orange
as well as this like so like it's not
nice its don't can it isn't that that is
a bad nut when I run literally yeah
drinking it as well as the same time you
can taste the mint and the orange and I
think it tastes weird
really I think I give a thumbs up really
surprising
some sound side way way way rather milk
point right guys this is the very last
one and the most disgusting one in my
opinion
a lot of them Roxy might be up here in a
minute because I'm vegetarian yeah so
I'll let you guys take this one green ox
yeah
what we doing Anna oh we're trying
Turkey and custard mommy's got a few AC
Lucy I just want to get it over done
with on Garuda stark white stuff is
heated up her turkey and yeah I like
Paula type if I'm on a lot of custard to
get rid of the turkey to know me
oh okay it smells like dog food at tree
smells like dog food that's why the cat
eye feel so that Turkey was to
Scottsdale it tasted like it smells now
no account for so no do i group set off
it schools like flat on the ground
the anyway she can get it by twisting
that I know
