hey guys and welcome back to my channel
and now for today's video I know I
pretty much say this in every single
video but I am super super super excited
just pretty much christmas has come
early like what the heck this is so
exciting so as you guys can see from the
title of the video I'm gonna be unboxing
what my best friend got me for Christmas
we had quite a big budget was doing this
which I know is quite extreme but we
knew that we would have spent this much
meet each other anyways and we feel like
if we spent the same amount as well but
it's kind of like in a bit more fair
enough and plus it is I don't really
have an excuse basically we had 250
pounds to spend on each other so we
really really really won't fill out we
thought would be great to unbox it on
camera for you guys so you can see we
got each other for Christmas so I'm
super super super excited for this and
plus I know you guys love what I got for
Christmas videos so pretty much you get
you get one earlier you get to this year
so what I'm going to be unboxing now is
pretty much what and I've got me for
Christmas so we vote on this completely
differently like I gave her her presents
like in a big red box and if she's
actually got me my presents in a
Christmas sack like how cute is that so
I am literally so excited I cannot wait
so I really really really hope you guys
enjoy give a big thumbs up if you guys
do and subscribe down below if you guys
haven't already and also if you do love
what I got the coastal videos and you do
want me to be that after the 25th as
well then let's try to get this video to
50,000 likes I feel like we can do it I
know dope you guys enjoy and let's get
into the video okay here is the sack I
am so I don't know where like you
wouldn't even got this wrong right it's
just perfect size okay let's open it up
oh my god I'm so excited I can see like
some of this stuff isn't wrapped up
because the box is a really cute oh my
god I think I'm gonna go something that
is writes up I don't even want to know I
don't want to look in sykes like the
seats of myself well I'll show you guys
what I can kind of lights thing it's
kind of hard to show you in a way where
hang on
I don't really know how to show you but
pretty much you can see you already like
what's inside but my sense so ok let's
open something that is wrapped up and
this is so Anna this map from any part
like these so Anna do you know what as
well I really really really hope she
knows me is what as much as I know how
because I've just seen her open her
Christmas present from me I feel like I
don't such a good job and obviously I'm
gonna I know I'm gonna love whatever she
gets me but I hope she knows me well so
let's open it up okay we've got candy
corn so Zach American chocolate that
Hershey's candy corn I did not even know
existed oh my brother's so excited and
I'm M&Ms eye candy called what the Hat
okay I'm so excited to eat those thanks
that's already thoughtful because I love
anything American and I love candy corn
and person they want my knowing yay okay
right this is what the big oh she just
made Obama it's Russia know what the
hell I'm like so excited a full wide run
and inches long okay right let's do it
so excited I love this but I don't even
know what it is yet oh my god this is
the best thing ever
right yeah it's the bottom so this is
what it is obviously you guys know that
I not wish you know I have a cappuccino
backpack and they're very like um it's
not other stuff of vintage but their
stuff is not really quite keep different
so it's like an air freshener bottle for
the perfume and it's so cute and let's
actually smell the person would be a
great idea
but I actually would say to my mom that
I really really really want to get a
person for Christmas so now she's got
now she doesn't need to get me another
Christmas present I think the lid off
alright okay really
oh yeah okay the next kind of bite shot
all right okay that'll be really cool
good like okay let's minute I've just
had a spray tan so I don't know where to
put it put it on my jumper oh my god
this smells like um it's not like
another book oh I genuinely absolutely
love that I can't even describe it it
smells like
see what it has in psalm eight okay a
comedy well I'm all for that describing
sense even if I - you can't know I
wouldn't know how to describe it but
pretty much this perfume kidding me -
about amazing so me oh my god I'm so
happy that's so exciting
okay right let's put that back in the
I'm never getting rid of this box well
because the box is so cute
yeah I love the fact that it's like we
need a pink Ruffino box but can you get
any better no I've been up next that I
want to look inside the sack so I've got
another present this wrapped up here we
go why I call for the open appendicitis
hug or a the moment I'm trying to be
nice I'm so ripping it open oh oh my god
I wanted to get this top this is so cute
so I love Tommy Hilfiger as well so I
have this in white but I really really
really wanted to get it in yellow it's
like summery even though I'm winter but
I wanted this so bad so thank you I
wanted to get that as a rabbit so
exciting oh it is Victoria's Secret yes
I love the little budget for everything
the favorite thing oh my god
is it the cake i sweet I don't done
don't do them okay right that's like
this over this up I think it is
something I really wanted yeah oh my god
oh my god of its right oh my god I have
wanted a Victoria Secrets Rome for the
longest higher because I love anything
silk like it oh my god it's just so
except spying its own weather it's
amazing so and it's actually caught a
red one oh this is like personally I
think it's absolutely beautiful
oh I love it so I can't really show you
when the camera it's really hard but it
has a good the obviously tie it round it
has
like a bow oh my goodness is so pretty
oh I love it
thank you oh my god thank you baby
yikes so exciting like this for the back
in the box that is more presents inside
the bag this is a getting more exciting
as it goes these are really funny okay
funny right here we go you're like more
to unravel oh my god so it's funny but
and you you don't get because you've got
everything well I actually really love
so you tell my like favorite lashes ever
they've I heard a beauty in their Sasha
and everything good have a go in to
Selfridges they are sold out so Anna
actually managed to get my favorite so
thank you so much I've been wearing
those gonna go away more thing
apparently this is funny
what is it a growing unicorn ways
audience cheers I'm living like having
my own child I'm obsessive unicorns so
it's a growing unicorn so basically
obviously you can see the colorful egg
oh my god if you're not cause what
actually you like if they are real the
at you was so be like hash are you like
a rainbow everyone they yeah that's so
cute so basically it cracks open oh my
god thank you so much I'm so excited
right there's two more presents inside
the sack they spoke up this one oh my
god is it slime poo oh my god is also so
where did you can get up for armor that
is so cute I love that
okay and last present let's have a look
I would've never been able to open that
otherwise Omega s is it more I another
pair of my favorite lashes thank you so
much I love it all
do you know what my favorite is actually
than working is it yeah because that was
the first yeah that is smells absolutely
amazing and I really got really if you
know I'm actually upset about body
lotion my hand cream recently as well I
don't know what it is all of a sudden my
hands started getting really really
really sore and dry I don't have any
know what to do about it so oh my god it
smells exactly like perfume oh I'm gonna
smell so good now guys
yes oh thank you and I everybody so as
you can tell my my AK my sac is now
currently empty about empty sack but a
bunch of beautiful and beautiful
presents so thank you so and so someone
and I'm so blessed so happy to have such
a good friend in my life who also knows
me so well
but yeah I've really really really
enjoyed actually open in these presents
with you guys at unboxing them and
showing you guys his presents so I
really hope you guys enjoy such a big
thumbs up you guys did and as I said be
sure to go and check out and his videos
while which he of course everything that
I got her for Christmas so that'll be
down below yeah hope you guys enjoyed I
hope I get to see you guys very very
soon bye
