hi saffron hi welcome to the Marion
hotel are you ready for your 73
questions yes
so what brings you to Dublin and here my
doctor amazing you have a book about the
best of all my number one bestseller Wow
what's your favorite type of music to
use probably an old-school art and who's
the best person you've ever seen in
concert man Katy Perry not R&B though
who's your celebrity crush Zac Efron and
your favorite film the last song or the
amazing spider-man favorite actor miss
McCarthy she's hilarious
do you want to get married when you're
older yes
and what about having children I thought
wait where would your dream house be so
is America your favorite country yes why
would you like to hear that you've never
visited before Japan why's that
Christmas or birthday well you have to
say that because we're nice for a very
passive fireplace beach or ski probably
each the Sun or snow Sun a new favorite
season
and is my middle name what's your
favorite thing about Christmas get to
spend quality time with my family and
the best gift you've ever had
definitely okay it's not really my
Christmas present but my baby niece my
life she's adorable I feel like she
wasn't my gift
worst gift you've ever had then one time
I got given this candle and it's not
like diary Oh God
are you a party girl or a cozy night
young girl ah cozy night in for sure
singing or dancing Oh who's the funniest
person you know can I see me what's the
worst trait you have oh my goodness I am
so forgetful anybody who knows me would
totally agree so what's your best trait
then my kindness what do you look for in
a person biote and kindness do you have
any pets a dog Bella and she's adorable
evasion freeze what's the best thing
that's happened to you this year so many
great things I'm so grateful I brought
my own a jump remark my own book number
one bestseller probably the best thing
to top it all off I got a million
subscribers Wow the Frick I freaked out
I cried that's amazing so what's the
worst thing that happened to you this
year though I can't really complain
what's the one thing you can live
without my family
who is the last person that you sent a
text to my best friend Anna and will you
show me the last photo you took okay
this looks like really embarrassing
because very good Instagram post so get
ready for this here beautiful and
Worcester on your phone
how many unanswered texts do you have
another one this embarrassing 112 oh my
goodness so do you prefer Instagram or
Twitter you know what was such a hard
question and there any makeup trends
that you hate wait my brows who even
started that I agree fashion trends that
surprised you socks and sandals and your
favorite makeup product I think
everybody that knows me would know that
I love a good five then also I might be
dipped into lashes so is that a whole
second you're so good like your own
makeup do you ever think you're gonna
have your own range I mean I would love
to do you prefer your hair long or short
long straight or curly curly which is
kind of like the opposite to what I have
what's your favorite quote believe in
yourself why's that because if you don't
believe in yourself then nobody else
will do you my nickname SAFF Saffy Saffy
B do you ever miss school no I don't
thank you who's the boss's person in
your family it's having a question my
mom and in one word describe each member
of your family's mum bossy by carrying
yeah loving Kacie a soft knee Nick hold
beautiful Jordan an owl jet cute
Harlow a princess and how about you
clumsy if there's one thing in the world
that you could get rid of what would it
be
cancer what's the most expensive thing
you've ever bought my car when did you
learn to drive then I haven't Oh
so winter test if there's one bit of
advice you could give your 13 year old
self what would it be
ooh outfit change it's been a long
morning getting ready to head to the spa
what's your biggest regret I don't
really have any what would you change
about yourself have a gutful I am
running or yoga yoga tea or coffee yuck
neither I will see the water what's your
biggest secret if I tell you it won't be
a secret anymore who do you hate hey so
strong Wadud who do you just like them
Donald Trump what scares you dialing and
what excites you the future who knows
what's gonna bring what are you looking
forward to most for next year learning
new experiences meeting new people I
love meeting new people and finally
saffron what is your 2018 goal to be as
happy as I am right now amazing thank
you for taking part in our 73 questions
