I'm joined by parents again my mom Wendy
my dad Darrin today I don't know how
this video came about but somehow my
parents that you sent me today I wonder
would definitely know and I'm single I
do enjoy being single I've owned a lot
about not having a boyfriend you know
and you know what this video is kind of
like he's a joker and it's actually
think I'm gonna find a boyfriend from
this but I will go on a date no man I
don't know no know that it was it was a
joke because mom was taking then make
out with me on the train about how
single I was because I was like okay
yeah true so as a joke I was like that's
making dating video and I thought it'd
be so funny so everybody I have my
laptop here and so we've got so many
emails at dates a phone it's so funny
giggles so so so Mickey Mouse literally
impossible to look at every single one
so honestly I have chosen at random by
15 20 videos and we're just going to go
through them now react to them either
choose a keeper or choose a sweeper but
I haven't seen the yeah I've just seen a
couple out of the thousands of it so I
haven't seen these 15 sounds very
excited I hope you guys enjoy let's find
me a date guys it was in a previous
video as well so really hope you guys do
enjoy if you want to see part two then
it's not to like and subscribe down
below because have it already and let's
get in to the video okay guys are you
ready we're gonna get through three
keepers okay you're gonna have to choose
between your eyes
apparently I love how I'm however many
waiters actually have to you know we're
going to say I can't believe how nice
people are and I I will laughs it's like
a novice like it was so all good that
people said this about me okay so we
started off this is Jake and I everybody
I'm a handle is gonna be down I'm 18
years old and I'm from these born okay
clothes in 80 which is a good age and
good a near us yeah nice looking chap
and so I'm a kid today Jake actually no
they said I think he's getting okay
he lives close but the only be a piss me
off is the name okay this time watch the
video but thank you so much for sending
this in you're beautiful yes I'm very
small and they let see how to let C be
no 656 okay yeah okay having anyone
bigger than me so guys keeper or sleeper
thank you so much Harry is howls I think
it's Harry howls okay we're going on to
her I like Kim is good-looking
my name is Harry house 170mm are from a
little village just outside of
Peterborough it's quite a bar waking you
but so yeah hi okay I wanted that you
because you seemed like such a genuine
gorge
some funny girl and I'd love to get to
know whether we'd be compatible because
we both make youtube videos my channel
yeah we're doing these jokers channel
guys okay my best quality will
definitely be my social skills I don't
find it hard to make new friends and
hopefully it won't be in the bag yeah
this is mine because he's a witch he
seems a bit more mature he seems like
he's got quite of like yes I'm and he
does usually we just mean she has to be
on someone's YouTube but someone within
the industry but you know what he seems
brainy eyes I really I can I like people
with excuse me item you know a constant
is the boring London and I think you
might won't be inundated re with female
okay so now we've got Callan why are you
doing this either well instead upon me
day actually now we can tell you about
why you're doing it yeah very cold in
his room he's got yeah
love the onesie color yeah okay onesie
yet week their first impressions onesie
I'm not a night job
but Kalin thank you so much again if
they were moving on to it but you know
we let's go going to be turning 17 in
two months give or take a few months
make sure you give it some more guys
remind me of nice old old traditional
creatures yes couple goals
we're both very different unique and
special you know I agree I know unique
people we score babes life there I
honestly look I have a very particular
type yeah and look-wise wouldn't be the
third person that I'd be like oh my
goodness mi type it do you know what he
has a great personality I reckon you're
gonna have a right now give me to us we
don't know at the moment happens in the
whole entire video would be a capo we
later Jack summer Jack come on give it
to us - my name's Jack I'm like I'm 17
my school years you so I'm 18 in May
thank you I won't date you because
you're absolutely gorgeous you're
stunning and you might type and I think
will be compatible because we both
unique we both have like unique
personalities and we both say funny
stuff and I think we have that chemistry
together my best qualities are when
he'll say I'm quite honest as well we
get it carry on we just get to Nando's I
like nine lives as well
 on osteo date you got a spice it
up a bit yes and then either we Africa
Netflix and chill after came up so why
did you think it was a sweet
sorry I think you're really nice but it
was a Netflix and chill makes this and
she'll do it for me you're already he
does house of the day yes but you need
to be thinking for date first and that
sexist or anything else think about the
day and then worry about how to their
sites to keen really nice boy but sorry
no thank you again for sending in your
video it's so appreciative but we're
going to go for another video now so
this is from let's have a little look
this is from Joe Joe's one of the first
people which is why actually although
bit around if I'd know he was one of the
first people because I have seen them
before except for have your okay I hope
you have a good day hopefully meet
someone by doing this hopefully that
song could be posted this late at night
very keen wanted to get it straight out
there you know so make that's fine so
yeah I am 17 I'm I'm not answer the
question is in order because I could
just I got to try to remember the hunt
to record this video by am 17 I'm from
Leicester originally but I moved away
from my family six months ago and I now
live in Cardiff okay but the company
that I work for are based in Cardiff and
Hove so you know quality I tell I'd like
to think I've got a person I see what
goes and everything but I am quite
romantic I'm not like you just liked it
goes out with their lives and he's got a
girlfriend on the side like I do put a
girl first I really like him
you know what can I just think me say
something I really like came down to me
but I know the I think on a date with
him because he looks like that I just
drink
see good-looking and everything so I'd
like to try it out all right let's step
it out okay well you're obviously good
looking
thank you so much very nice can't try
out okay thank you so much so okay we're
going to another video now so this is
from Bradley Mills yeah Holmes makes the
video if so let's just get into my
questions you want to ask me is my age I
am 19 and I - you know what I hope is
sfr why would I date you I mean like
that's that's basically I like height me
my type but you know what everything he
said I think is really nice and I'm yeah
yeah good job yeah he kind of is
other than that you ticked pretty much
every single box right yeah yeah I don't
know life innings
yeah honestly like so Paolo he's really
with any of these guys and I was like I
really like it does nobody like go on
then just be so sweet so you could still
be a date so a couple of minutes every
moment is really worried now because I
think I've done something really really
sad and I want to keep your name I want
Finlay to come back right okay will you
keep coming now I think that means
Finlay okay so guys that means we've got
to keep watch
so everybody I really hope you guys did
enjoy the video but before we do enter
I'm gonna leave a pole at the top where
you guys can choose our office these
three guys what what do you think is
suitable for me there's gonna be another
video like this a part two where my mum
and dads are going to choose another
three boys and you guys again are gonna
choose your favorite boy we talked to
within going competition and I'm good
days the final person so it's not too
late to send any more videos if you want
to send them you know what to do here's
the emote up a local family alive do you
love you know what downloaded mine and
I'm going to fill my day that's about
it's gonna be so much fun so though in
the polyp he acted like a subscribe down
below and we will see you guys in part
two very fair ratio
