hi everyone welcome back to my channel
now for today's video I am joined with
my dad Akins over here and today doing
my Halloween makeup and I'm actually
terrified because no word of a lie
he has gone so ODT about this he's been
planning it for like two weeks and I'm
not even in that rating like on my life
he thought of everything
Amazon Prime like everything's ready in
it it's fuckin black not sure where it's
gonna come out yeah so you could be
really good and you just probably watch
every Halloween tutorial on YouTube that
there is like they come into the room
and he's sitting there watching
tutorials I mean dad stop now okay so
I'm gonna do this makeup on my brick
some more he is so strange so gonna exit
now so I am really nervous for this
actually because you've never used
makeup in your life you're right yeah
it's much like let's get a lot
considering you know dads in planning
this for weeks so make it very happy
sixty thousand dragon we won't get that
much but let's 12 to know there's over
60,000 we can do I subscribe down below
and let's get in to the video I've never
done this before but before I say a
little bit different I want to put pig
nose on set a pigment yeah I doing Syria
oh honey stop is that what I'm gonna be
a pig
yes casting oh my god
watch me anymore puppies no so I've got
these putty stuff never UAC cool
watching this it's called special
effects wax special effects that's what
it is
takes a long time to put on ins your
mother who knows your pig who knows he's
not why I am I wax it gonna be it's my
fake tan wait isn't it Mike water to it
no tomorrow no then all you moms stuff
isn't it did she know like no I don't
want you to tell me into a pig this
feels so weird
am I still gonna be able to breathe you
can't okay no oh definitely doing you
make exam on my dad you know is it gonna
take two days oh it's actually really
painful
oh my goodness oh you are a hundred
percent with the pig nose that would be
such a cock saying why he went to
dancing with this on your nose will come
with you because I've been detoxing as
well this rack rack don't need plastic
surgery now Gibson I did in the first
place right this is the situation so I
did like I don't even know right now
definitely no Pig so far
my nose nifty gee although nice little I
know you lifting on look how dad's doing
this come here to just get this on
professional person is they so how you
doing it just placing it and pushing it
down try to mold it on after how are you
actually gonna get the pig shaped nose
this is why I don't understand don't
worry about it you can even build in but
you don't have to make a kid shake now
so you should have seen a minute ago
guys
I literally like a wit like it was out
he was like this big point thing I'm
sorry say to my dad I meant to be a pig
no wait we are they didn't look a rhino
and now I don't even know what it's like
and I'm very breathe to be fair I can't
breathe I just say like ah show me that
nothing like a pig I don't and he's been
doing this for like an hour now because
IG depressing what do I do for you guys
I swear what you're doing now
scopa turn yet wanna kiss you because
they have massive nostrils I told you
call this I would call this integrity oh
hey girl so you guys want to do this
tutorial you know it today mom suggested
a knife once you get nice and cut me
with a right now not be good suggestion
I'm gonna use annoys the graph is
definitely better right side this is the
current situation is a little better
it's the iPad
yeah it's all right now but like the
side view I'm gonna throw I'm gonna see
what can stick that there do using
liquid latex right not just sticking
with oh hi sickness berry gum
no I'll chew this on Shuman isn't it
liquid yeah we're doing it anyway oh oh
so cool pretty much just stick on your
own that was good positioning and by the
way my dad use all of that one you just
wanted to use all right so we're just
like sticking this on this doesn't
really cool with the pecos mover are you
taking them an hour I'm kidding oh you
guys are lucky though I'm gonna edit a
silly sound good in mind because I'm
actually do you sure this is what you
use to stick it on my skin is so bad so
breathing that feels like that stopped
up it stuck pretty well I don't know how
it's not working the glue it's not stick
now is stuck now is it it's completely
stuck on okay alright well it now it's
sticking just takes a lot longer than I
imagined it to work I think what I don't
it before I did you put it on with him
it used on the neck fallen yeah stage so
complete getting zippy now we have
liquid latex
hopefully that's thick that is it round
our face a little bit more liquid latex
is actually so good you haven't use it
it's so easy as well never use this
before oh did you buy this liquid like
that no dad that's like out of date no
oh are you sure there's none that I have
like a year ago that just cost me five
quit
hold on wait don't go why I can't even
get it to stick to my home sure that's
one you just bought just brew it
I would imagine so give these who like
because later he's all comfy I don't
know what's happened my dad is not happy
and somehow it's my fault right so now
I've got a little bit he's liquid latex
not much just a little bit well probably
not gonna get much on this so anyway he
stormed out the room as it was my fault
that he's he's liquidating is that he
decided to buy money hey no why the one
I got was definitely no good I like to
go dancing after this in about 40
minutes the liquid latex is going on why
don't you hit them I don't if you do
this is so long it's like so sad what
I'm gonna try and do now it's been quite
hard cuz I've never done it before so I
am trying so we're gonna put like a
lighter foundation this is Seth ones
saying that it's a foundation a layer on
the outside and keep this bit so this is
a different color from this and we're
gonna make this a bit gory and it's
supposed to put on your eyebrows or not
no ever see me this genuinely feels so
gross on my face like I can't even tell
you this why did you put it here in here
oh don't world kinda hurts so much that
was a lot move we have to move now
No right so that's the last of that and
then we're gonna I should have her going
for the eyeshadow yes so we've got
Gwen Stefani college is because dad
wanted a black eyeshadow and this is
like the blackest I should have I owe
this called black out
so this is gourmet palette but this is
the black we've got to be using I
actually can't believe it myself in the
internet looking like this okay
yeah actually like tiny brush is the
eyeliner on your eyes because the
project isn't big enough you to use an
eyeshadow brush which is over here
thinking that it's looking quite good
now lately change so she looks like
she's a spray even more is it gonna be
like spray on cradled alright lost my
blood that say that okay he's got many
that's supposed to be moving gonna be is
like this could be so good fit it isn't
like the nose and the zip is really good
it just wishes the black eyes just look
at my can your mouth shut right guys
it's time to actually look in the mirror
now and then I'd add to that honestly
honestly there's enough there's enough
right okay his Almighty it's well you
know the nose and stuff actually looks
so good I just don't know about the
black eye and I think maybe that's
ruined air
everything went to the side looks inside
you looking good on the front now we've
just put your hair in bunches yeah even
on the internet like they're talking too
much this is taken two and a half hours
so it must be half decent I don't call
wait to wash it all off so everyone at
the end of the video I really hope you
enjoyed this is what we one of the worst
things I've ever done in my entire life
my face feels like a solid like I can't
expect every part is tight and
everything looks ok but I know me I
would go all that kind of life you want
to see my dad do another one I never
want him to do my makeup again yeah but
also down below what you guys think of
it I hope you all enjoyed smash a like
and subscribe down below if you guys
haven't already and also you can watch
the behind the scenes on my blogging
channel so be sure to go and check that
out also and have Percy goes very soon I
don't even like a break it's good I just
look like an asset monster buh bye
