hello listeners of low expectations
welcome back to the podcast we're back
in the podcast room with Matt's loud
laptop can you hear it ice taking off
what about the banging upstairs
alright construction over the railing
the whole idea of Garon podcast studio
was so that we could perhaps control the
recording environment that's many
controls in this room and we have done
that part for my laptop so before we get
into a very deep episode we're gonna be
covering a lot of digital content and we
would like to address a few things from
last week's episode that went out around
the topic of comment through channels we
uploaded a video and called the dark
side of YouTube yeah dark side YouTube
and to be completely honest with you
our approach that we always try and do
is to have a well rounded chat on things
whenever we talk about things in this
space we try and have a well-rounded
conversation talking about the negatives
and the positives of whatever it is that
we're talking about and trying to put a
load of questions out as well but yeah
we'd normally want you guys to answer we
try and answer as well within that chat
but just things to think about about the
topic firstly the irony of off they see
us talking about common channels and
perhaps more negatively than positively
and we are sat here commentating on them
so yeah I mean that you can't go away
that's what we did that is what we did
yeah I would like to hold my hands up
and say I didn't give enough praise and
credit to them because there is a space
on this platform for them and people do
have the right to call people out and
have opinions on things that they
strongly hold and criticize people
people do have that right and I think I
only spoke about it in a negative way or
definitely put a negative spin on it and
yeah it wasn't well rounded like we
always try and do so Souls and I guess
the beauty of YouTube is that you anyone
can upload whatever they want
moving reason obvious propaganda please
but yeah anyone could do whatever they
want so if we came across as if we were
saying certain people can't do that then
obviously we're wrong and obviously we
spoke a lot about Jack mate he commented
on the video
and and hopefully he's actually gonna be
coming on the podcast we might we might
be doing a little podcast collaboration
whoo but yeah that'll be really exciting
and interesting having him on too I
guess
talk from that side of definitely what
we said in the video that we wanted to
speak to someone from that community so
it'll be amazing to hopefully get some
of the answers to the questions we were
asking and also just learn a bit more
about it yeah so when we uploaded the
video we called it the dark side of
YouTube which I think stirs up a lot of
negative connotations and it was on it
was my shout and the only reason I said
it was when we were listening I
mentioned I was I oh I said it I can't
remember the context I said it and I
said the dark side of YouTube obviously
it sounds like a catchy title and that
is what we went for
which puts a negative spin on it from
the offset I think yes I feel like when
you have that perception of these guys
have titled at that so everything in the
video is going to be kind of subscribing
to that thing that this is the dark side
of YouTube and like I said earlier we
want to do well-balanced things and
maybe by calling it that we set up
having we did it wasn't yeah we did
essentially sorry
yeah and final no and this is a message
to Angelica hello sis I did see oh do
you made a few months ago about me and I
just like to say I'm really sorry for
not mentioning your name or crediting
you in last week's podcast episode so
yeah just to summarize we did receive
quite a lot of criticism for last week's
episode particularly the video I
uploaded on YouTube and yeah I think
it's rightly so that we acknowledge that
and for us to carry on to grow and
continue what we do we need to accept
criticism and acknowledge it and take it
on board to try and yeah we're listening
basically um we're listening and we want
to get better and make sure when we talk
about things
it's well-rounded balanced and well
we're so it sounds like a proper apology
video then I just go get some soak my
hands
