hello beautiful sexy people happy
birthday
it's your birthday today if it's not
your birthday it's just happy day happy
more Marcos day today's video is going
to be slightly interesting because we're
gonna be taking a look at a little
secret I used to have I used to have a
character that I played on my main
channel this female character a lot of
you know she's called Margaret just
before we go into like reacting to so
we're gonna be reacting to my old
Margaret videos because I made specific
videos as this character I was trying to
think about how I first came up with the
idea and it's because when I first
started youtube I used to do my kind of
types of things get people war like
girls this or boys this and I do them
all in this style of camera and just
change character I'd be like when I
started to do an impression of a girl I
somehow just went into this high pitch
voice and that was what started the
character Margaret because so many
people would say hey like why don't you
use this voice and do shows who actually
is what's-her-name or something think
someone used to ask me what's her name
and I was like oh I names Margaret's
made-up and then it kind of stuck with
it so as far as I'm aware the first
official Margaret video I did was a my
morning routine parody obviously a very
popular video on YouTube and I kind of
just had fun with it I guess I was
having a bit of a dig and making fun of
that style of video and I could do that
with the character rather than just
being like myself and trying to do it I
portrayed it through Margaret I don't
know if I'm gonna find this funny or
cringe or just stupid
just stupid it's very weird alright here
we go we're going straight in my morning
routine parody
so I still got so upstairs in my
cupboard is my Margaret bag and I've got
a whole bag full Margaret still got
those socks yeah I remember just going
to shop and buy an item all her outfits
I didn't really can we just get back
there for the character and play Mike
why just shave my beard am i doing that
I'm playing this girl and I've just got
full-on beard also Margaret for a bit of
clarity was supposed to be kind of my
mother kind of I think get ready yeah
I'm Liz Waid I remember a big breath of
fresh air is so important I don't have a
cheeky dog and so voice is so stupid
say hello to minion paint a a mini Haley
de da psyche I'm cringing right by every
minute selfie time I like to take lots
of pictures every day just so that I can
keep the animals happy Scott's in
everyday Muhammad Ali's dough is not
fine it's because I didn't write I just
did it freestyle so I recorded the whole
video and then when I did the voiceover
I just played the video kind of did it
on on the spot
so base fee I'm not very good at being
funny on the spot apparently and then
it's time to the vibrator oh no not that
you need two people I like to play my
body because it feels great I sound a
bit like Perry from Kevin and Perry
sometimes you can have one or two yummy
coursemate stops fruit that's all about
the raw stuff said keeps just like
everything that's
today's beautiful in demand I think I've
just remembered when the first time I
was in like one of the first times I did
a video on that I understand girls okay
I found an early Margaret video here we
go it's called mothers are annoying this
is 17 of March 2013 so over four years
ago when I was having friends around
yeah that's cool so then your friend
comes round and as soon as they step
foot in that door mum was straight in
like this alright which one I'm like
what this is like a nice gesture I see
Omar grant last year that was the first
official Margaret video then it went
there's a few definitely a few more old
videos one I don't know if you guys even
used to watch my videos back then
because they're four or five maybe even
six years old when I first went into
that so yeah that was like the first few
Clips moving into it then we had the
parody that we just watched and then I
started to do like Margaret specific
videos where I was talking remember I
think no I think this is my first one
where I was talking she even called
Margaret spring hall and bath routine
when I told you guys about it oh sorry I
remember I got really annoyed about this
cuz look how I did it right look at this
cup on the table like when it's gone you
can get a little tear that your arm see
there
celebrity now when I go down to the
beach it's so funny the sound of her
voice is doing my head in
but I want to get to I remember I did a
little yeah add a little fashion show
hmmm get ready for it oh my
those wellies oh my life imagine my
kids watching this one day I'm honestly
the voice is doing my head in
I'm sorry right we're gonna get another
video called how to look like Katy Perry
yeah I feel like I did this video
because this is quite funny what
Margaret's why when I stop loading it
used to get a load of love like a lot of
likes compared to other videos but also
quite a lot of dislikes do I do it hand
end I put a wig on didn't I this is lazy
Barry
Marcus won't be back he's just a little
a rise the voice are calm and the boys I
haven't that any Margaret videos
recently like at all yeah hey I've done
week market recently was I think she was
we did a types of people on planes and
she was in that just as a character
again in one of the sketches that see
how many times have gotten redone
something with her 13 I'll fear about
her to be honest she feels a bit distant
she feels like she's gone missing you
know and like I don't know if we're
gonna find very good food for yawning I
haven't really been hit by jet like yet
but I think it's probably just like hit
me now but yeah what do you think about
Margaret do you love Margaret II hate
Margaret would you like her back do
not care have you never seen her before
what your thoughts let me know in the
comments I'd love to know what you the
viewers think of Margaret and yeah I
hope you enjoyed it and I'll see you
tomorrow of another video all right baby
