hello beautiful sexy people welcome back
to look I'm in my humble abode minor
house miss this place I'm back here for
a bit now so you back to the normal
location also it's so sunny
it's like glowing also I've got this one
bit of hair that just fuck off but
anyway in the theme of tattoos yeah I've
got my tattoo and I literally love it so
much people said to me before I got the
tattoo they're always like oh soon as
you get it you're gonna win your other
one and I was like yeah however I
literally already want another one so
yeah so in theme of tattoos we've come
up with quite a cool what I think is
gonna be a fun little game and it's
gonna be guess the youtuber you know we
do this series of like youtubers and
talk about things about that youtuber by
their tattoo now I'm just telling you
before we even start I'm going to be
absolutely a bomber Nautilus because
before I got this I was never really
into tattoos like I've wanted one for
about a year but I've never I don't know
any youtubers tattoos the only person I
do know is I think PewDiePie's if we're
gonna show PewDiePie because a little
look it is the other day yesterday
rather than that I'm not applying this
very hard cuz obscure how many we got we
got 12 so there's 12 youtubers I
couldn't even name you twelve youtubers
off the top of my head down after that I
know have tattoos I'm gonna make the
background less wide turn
laughing we're ready we're rock n roll
down it's good is this a trick question
or is this yeah I know it's a tattoo you
a shit tattoo isn't it it's a really
shitty attitude it's Jay Paul yeah okay
the reason I thought you'd throw a
spanner in the works is because didn't
he do it with the glide that says you
don't know my name and I still don't
know his name so I fought you I know
that God oh so I could work that yeah
cool okay okay I know this is as well
this is he saw what the cling film one
that yeah that's like brand spanking new
that's um that's Tyler Oakley and that
was by Romeo the cost he looks like he
really wants to do my passage surprised
how well I'm doing so far
yeah geek I'll pop the t-shirt for I
don't even know if that's a girl or a
guy
it looks like it's even like a boy he
like someone who's not really that like
developed no you know like it's like a
slim boy know like collarbone or years
ago it's a girl isn't it
okay is it Martin as you know are they
big youtuber
yeah really big yeah what's not
certainly what so we had one yeah
I'm always on the idea of a real tattoo
myself a wedding ring having a ring tat
even think you are edgy that's cool yeah
everyone s good that was one of my
fingers it's good
yeah the thing with the finger tattoo
though is they fade quickly because of
rubbing also it's really hard place to
tattoo because of the skin is thicker
there so when you do a fine tattoo it's
harder much harder so you have to do you
see the thing is with actual pain I'm
not a pussy like when it's annoying like
doing the makeup I'm a massive pussy but
a cool pain I'm not well then Steph he
was in loads of pain so she's a pussy
the only other girl gonna go it's not
her so if no no it's not it's not
I might she might be later so I don't
want to give it away okay grace Helbig
no one more guess three guesses purpose
can you give me a clue American or
English or neither neither do I know
what yeah
fill the video with this person who has
a tattoo says one love they're not
American they're not English nature
that's not superwoman is what does she
loves why in this picture what that is
your Photoshop it ah
lighting is the lighting when you cut
just that out was that she's Canadian
right yeah she is a monkey so so far -
uh pretty Katie nice that is a cool
tattoo
our feet I was looking at the lettering
is what called the oh cool
it just looks like a felt-tip pen I'm
not very good you know that just yeah oh
just mommy's got that tattoo you get
this from straight away as well I'd say
Dan literally those Louise know we get
unnoticed have tattoos years ago I can
tell by the nails and well you know
you'll get this straight away American I
have no idea
great it's great even have one last
guess your big fanboy but it's not
lighter I only had two guesses yeah
Louise braces and cat braces just like
every gasps ooh that's quite good
that's quite cool it's hot and color
because sometimes I think it's shit no I
did honesty that McClay it's where we go
boy
yeah it's not JC no okyun no that's two
guesses
no it's kid arrow channel Keira and
jay-z wireless unit matter American do I
know them yeah not sure how well yeah
I'm trying to think like who have I seen
let's go about on their arm
oh my god Bremen outward three out of
five do my old pose there when I you
should post one there's like the
innocent
marzia yeah what are you all about
I knew that where's Allie what I need to
know where isn't her face on her own
yeah see I knew that why you so know he
does doing well doesn't matter
I'm doing well I'm four out of six
PewDiePie PewDiePie
oh go No you know very well Ricky Dillon
no yes I know as well Connor Franta was
gonna say never
he doesn't have a tattoo no way I didn't
know Jerry another tattoo did he have
that when we were hanging out with them
for our 7j nod I just know that's quite
cool peopIe know from now on a peep I
guess it was - no it doesn't that's not
fair um girl or guy it's a guy in the
fro yeah that job was gonna get surly
who I was like I don't want to guess it
in case she's thumbs up PewDiePie that's
quite cute it's very random whoa oh yeah
it might be they're dogs
yeah they probably died or something and
they got them in memory of
but thinking about it I'll show you a
picture of it I think now you'll get
time yeah it's a really cool time I'll
say that I'm gonna get are you sure
because I mean you'll get I don't think
you know them huge foodtube how did you
turn those dogs baby yes
unlucky I'm gonna smash I think I've got
3:103 wrong I didn't get Joey didn't get
Joey no I did here Lily yes yeah you
didn't get jennamarbles didn't get Jenna
almost didn't get Joey didn't get run
and yes I did yes I did I got two wrong
I'm very proud of myself for that I hope
you guys enjoyed this fun little video
when we do YouTube like gets these humor
and stuff if you have any fun suggestion
that you'd like us to try leave your
comment down below a new video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and I will see you
tomorrow with another one alright see
bayy
