hello beautiful sexy people how are you
doing today now today's video is part 2
- obviously something we've already done
I reacted to some of your YouTube
channels I sent a tweet out and asked
you guys to send in if you have a
youtube channel cuz I want to react to
it I want to share it with people I want
to grow it whatever and it went on so
well you guys loved it and it was so
nice to see people who watch this
channel go over and support those people
go and subscribe to those people that
you've actually got some people
thousands of subscribers and that's them
just like now on their mission to become
a youtuber so if you did that thank you
and now we're gonna jump straight into
part 2 because I like I said I don't
know how many of you actually have
YouTube channels it's kind of insane and
really cool at the same time so if I can
help that out them how and shine a light
on that then cool so let's begin
just before we jump into this though I
want to talk to you guys about hello
world if you follow me or a bunch of
some of your other favorite youtubers
you might have seen us talk about it but
is a new event that we are involved with
it's gonna be a game changer in what
we're trying to do with YouTube events
and how YouTube events have come and
they've been around for a long time but
we kind of wanted to create something
that is so different everything else and
takes things that we don't like from all
the other conventions and make it into
an incredible live immersive event which
is what hello world is amazing is
because tickets are now on sale there's
a bunch of your favorite youtubers in
I'll put a link top-line description you
can go check it out it's at the end of
October yeah there's gonna be a load
more youtubers to be added to this and
it's just it's going to be epic I don't
really know what else I can say I'm just
so excited for it as more information
comes out you'll see it but there's
already videos that's already any
information you can find us on their
website so yeah tickets top light
inscription that would take you through
as well you can go look at their site
and any information you want but comes
this it's gonna be great and yeah I want
to see your face there you know as well
I've been reading the comment a lot of
you have been giving me stick for these
saying I look funny I love them
they are amazing they are everything I
could want
pair of headphones so leave me alone it
can all me ignore how I look
focus on the video remember guys I'll
link everyone's channels in the
description if you wanna check them out
and can do we've got Kimberley jewel 664
subscribers make things happen this is
her channel trailer hi welcome to my
channel if you're seeing this video then
you probably aren't subscribed my
channel is dedicated to my my view I
create videos make people smile yeah how
is she doing this you're so young and
like know what you're doing with
everything and stuff whether that be
challenges Beauty related videos videos
of me
I'm making things happen that's so sweet
I want you guys to go check our channel
out Kimberley jewel auntie it's so much
better than me when I started YouTube so
good luck right so I actually had a few
people who I think I follow or like that
verified of something tweet me this
guy's channel
he's called Tim Newman it's got he's got
nine point nine k subs or you can get
paying any subs come on I mean that's
the area's first but he's got 1,700
views 91 thumbs up that's like really
raw like that
where is this is this London artists it
looks like bright sense but hang it's
lads
why is your not watching it I want this
kid to have an audience
no one's got time I'd have time for them
Oh someone gave me mine is nice
oh go check him out guys he was also our
interviewing like scum I think I named
it we race dumb I think I know this is
no it's up right you wanna join one of
my interviews okay fine it's got four
gunmen let me know yeah okay thanks okay
so he's done what I did I did this is a
Shane Dawson when I started I took Shane
Dawson's video clips cut them up and
made it collab with him yo what's up
rice can you get off your do it on say
and you can have a seat yo what is up
guys are boy rice gun rice how are you
doing today well I like what you've done
there I mean I can't I can't criticize
it because I let you did that so maybe
rice come was it one day who knows I'm
just a brave to do your first video with
your friend just that I would it took me
years to have to do a video in front of
someone I'm doing
gaming videos collabs Q&A most important
thing that was about myself is that I am
a very a bit too obsessive fan general
about me that means I like Dan and Phil
don't maybe they are gets out I can back
her up it's overly obsessive it's it's
almost sad it's depressing it's just how
the plays are how many get to meet them
you've literally got dance - - yeah
that's key do you know some Johnson
first month
give us an example they want an example
people what they want we want people the
people your friend knows what she's
saying
I wanna see dance
all right we've got Alex the be open the
door and as a man with a clipboard
method open the doors summer try myself
like like it change from Stern
businessman look - hello are you mommy
and daddy home sorry yeah young I know I
look young right is this to me and I he
thought I was like a youngster he then
asked if I knew if my parents were
interested in having their windows done
what if I was a child and I was like
actually yes yes they are please yeah
can you start the structure now I must
look young enough to still be a child
but old enough to make the decision for
my parents to change all the windows so
yeah that's my story of the day I look
like I'm roughly what 14 years old
I don't know how would you like like you
could pass for being young but then you
say when you said your age I was like
yeah yeah 24 funny you're funny
we've got memes official teaser trailer
parody I hope I think it's be funny
it's a quite fun it's interesting it's
quite creative I like that yeah I like
that
nice one ways to deal with being thirsty
lately looks like a young Tyler Oakley
I love this guy he's amazing
I wanted that to be longer what's over
that I read I have Ryan Matthews you're
funny made me laugh and there we go that
rounds up part two of me watching your
YouTube channels if you want this to
continue give it a big thumbs up
subscribe if you're new and maybe you're
new watching this and you have a youtube
channel then go follow me on twit occurs
when I make those tweets you can then
submit that but yeah I hope you guys
have enjoyed this give it a big thumbs
up and I'll see you tomorrow over number
you alright goodbye your bacon bakery
