hello you do alright today's video the
Mandela effect we've done we've done a
conspiracy theory on this before light
is actually a thing as they're not and
it seems to actually be a thing that
people have or people get confused with
and if this is the first time you ever
heard of it Mandela Fair is when people
often remember a false memory for
example a song line people think it is
something but it's actually something
else but you're so certain that is what
you thought it was before sounds
confusing we're gonna get into it and
you'll follow along playing a game and
paying challenge and we're gonna see if
I and you are affected by the Mandela
effect quick bit of history the reason
it's called the Mandela effect is
because so many people thought that
Nelson Mandela passed away in the 80s on
when he only passed away a few years ago
and everyone was like when he died
everyone was like what I'm sure he
passed away in 1980
Oh what's this family of friendly bears
called Berenstain Bears or what's the
difference
oh is I think it's the right one oh okay
and they've always been this is one of
the most cited instances of Mandela
affect thousands of people saying they
remember it differently there you go
what's this candy bar actually called
the KitKat is definitely on the left
what the I'm so shocked I need to Google
this now KitKat I'm so sure kick out has
a dash in it oh it literally doesn't
there's a perfect example I don't know
if I'm the only one who thought that but
like I'm not annoyed looking at it
thinking that is true or false the
comedian Sinbad played a genie in a 90s
movie called Shazam I have literally no
idea so viewers what is your what is
your mine is true folks what the book
Shack played in a genie movie in the
nineties cool cuz that I would love to
see that that is amazing
what's the name of Anne Rice book that
was later turned into a movie starring
Tom Cruise and Brad Pitt it's interview
with a vampire definitely with the
vampire interview with it's definitely
with
vampire what's the science behind it
like why do people associated with that
is it because it's better like it flows
better like that and I thinking I'm
starting to get quite annoyed now what
are all these lovely characters from
looney tunes
you know what I think it's the one on
the left like my initial go is the one
on the left but the Looney Tunes is like
songs and stuff isn't it so I'm gonna
say the right see that's only because
I'm thinking that this is Jonathan get
me now I'm pretty sure it was Looney
Tunes on the left
true or false George has a tail he
definitely does have a tail doesn't he
does his monkeys got a tail no no right
yeah apparently apes and chimpanzees
don't have tails so we've all learned
something there how does the see theme
song for this show start mr. Rogers
neighborhood literally never even heard
of this so again it's one for you guys
which is great because you guys are
playing alone right it's a beautiful day
in this neighborhood it's a beautiful
day in the neighborhood
it's a beautiful day in my neighborhood
it's a beautiful day in our neighborhood
our neighborhood he looks creepy was the
name of the HBO show these later on I
know the answer to this everyone thinks
it's Sex and the City but it's actually
Sex in the City but everyone calls it
Sex in the City
it's because if you say it listen if you
say it quick Sex in the City
Sex and the City I care they do some
different but it's sex in
okay there I was being so super
confident rhenium true oppose the bosses
real name is Bruce Springsteen I'm gonna
say false but I would have said true
Fruit Loops Froot Loops I'm saying
laughs okay
apparently haha that's yeah okay cool
what's the name of this air freshener
for breeze going right I'm just going
right because I'm going against what my
initial thought was if my initial
thought is that I'm gonna vote against
it I want to get more which of these is
and always has been the Volkswagen logo
the right I only know because I had a
Volkswagen Polo as my first car so rich
uncle Pennybags the monopoly guy wears a
monocle yay definitely does wear one he
definitely he definitely does stop lying
to me oh well he looks better with one
which of these is the actual Volvo logo
it's one with the arrow I know my cars
guys what's the name of this modern
Stone Age family the Flintstones
it's the Flintstones was Flintstones I
mean that was a guess
seeks out 15 right I'm a sucker for the
Mandela effect I'm sure many of you felt
the exact same well at least we're in
this together guys give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll see
you tomorrow of another one goodbye
like this is impossible either night we
can speak back
