hello beautiful sexy people how are you
doing I'm a bit ill but hey that doesn't
matter today we're gonna be looking at
some of the biggest GP of gossip on
YouTube we've already made a video on
the main channel about the unbelievably
talented it's everyday bro song
quality song in the last weeks as a lot
of you probably are aware this this
YouTube drama between the pools has
grown to extreme Heights and no one
knows where it's gonna go out how it's
gonna end and everyone's just dropping
new songs that every day a new fresh
tunes being dropped every day bro so
we're just gonna have a look and and
delve into how this beef happened why it
happened and who came out on top
starting off Logan Paul mr. Logan Paul
he released a song that she I think it's
quite a good sign it's quite a catchy
song it's it's a good song what do I
wear I only told you 12 times the first
dress that you put on is still your best
fine genuinely really really active song
I think it's a it's a great song those
kids can sing
Logan can sing there's a proper music
video yeah I can vibe to that I'm
support that I really honestly think
that's good quality stuff from there I
mean yeah do we need to go on to on to
Jake oh that song just the start makes
me feel sick I made a whole video about
this song so I really need to talk about
this song and Jake Paul one team 10
released this song called it's everyday
bro and it was horribly received by
everyone
okay so we have found a church or what I
hope for is there is a good church well
actually no that's not true it's uh it's
got a million likes that's a lot it's
also got a million dislikes which is
also a lot but a drew mainstream
attention because it's the only soulful
that is why it it received the kind of
negative and the message it was
portraying so then a few days later that
came out and everyone's like oh my god
it's a joke bro all right
was it really though I don't I don't
know not get into that so from there
this whole kind of beef thing came about
I think Logan made a video reacting to
Jake's song and probably throwing a bit
of shade towards it I haven't actually
watched this
what are you doing bro and locum kind of
has the right to say that you know it's
you can say what we want about is Bravo
of course he can but it was also a shit
song Jake took you a little bit to heart
I think and got a little bit annoyed so
he made a whole diss track and his older
brother Logan yeah we made it in one day
we complaining we had like three days to
be better it's so critical everyone's so
critical nowadays again Jake has this
whole thing with like this is all done
in one day like as if it's bragging
about something that's why shit don't do
it in one day like spend some time on it
make it good
we're gonna make a diss track Logan we
head into the studio we're gonna make a
diss track Logan we head into the studio
we head into the studio right let's
listen to this fire here we go what fire
came out for me
Lohan sucks you find I've got the Rolls
Royce course
but his songs good his songs good Joe's
ISM honestly he would straight-up own
Eminem in eight-mile like this is some
serious heat he's pulling right now mr.
Donald Trump hair rhythm it's fire
absolute fire and it is quite annoying
if I may on it's quite annoying like
cool make a diss track but it just
sounds annoying
Logan responds I already saw this one
I'm pretty sure Logan just kills him and
every way possible it's got way more
views way more likes way less dislikes
so there's have a look what Logan Logan
today I made one phone call I got the
same house as you some strong advice I
made you famous one it's about to happen
twice yeah you unders me but who helped
you read all your line
don't forget or you were my shadow one
buzz thing is Logan actually sounds like
good on the track you know like he
sounds maybe not like a rapper but he
sounds good sounds well produced he
sounds like he knows what he's doing you
know I saw a live stream they were doing
like Logan and them did the song live
and I was like it's actually legit like
these guys are proper good singers like
a rap - Manny goes a little weird
goodbye the music stops and I was like
crazy hype what everyone's talking about
second verse so he pretty much killed
him with that it's just better
everything's better about it it's a
better song is better this about that
then the next week goes by and Logan
talk about the second verse East's then
throws it away or something he's never
gonna show again second verse gets lead
to list of violets in oh yeah oh yeah oh
yeah tome anyway all this happens and
then last night they upload two videos
two music videos Jade pause was kind of
like let's watch it I love you bro
song feat Logan pool that's his tag line
it's like it's just like a nice little
song isn't it
I mean it's a bit cringe but it's nice
you know that apologizing
I'm just gonna say one thing and I think
Jake you're killing your killing the
usual game right now I don't think you
should continue to rap because I just
don't don't think you've got that in you
you know whereas Logan you can do
whatever you want me you can sing you
can rap you can act YouTube you do
everything Logan you're at all rounder
Jake you're more just bit more you know
just better at one thing so big with
that one thing but it's nice they made
up yeah
friends brothers love spread the love
and everything and Logan also did a
video on his channel the rise of the
pools
I reckon I could take them on one-on-one
though not fight it we're not looking to
fight in because Logan's pre athletic
I've you know he looks like he could be
could hurt someone Jake maybe not but
again I'm not really the fighting type
one-on-one though basketball I reckon
I've gone swim saying what you think we
should address that one thing that
everyone's like wondering about no
there's gonna be another like week of
bringing out the second verse and like
hiding it throwing away and leakin and
all those things that's what we like
this beef is continuing yes Jesus Christ
that was quite an annoying song I was
team low gang all the way through this
that song though is just a bit bit
arrogant net so isn't it stuck then I
where to go as a viewer you know as a
viewer viewing in on these masterpieces
where do you go you go for jakey would
you go for Loki I was always low-key but
piss me off a bit that song Lots
Americans flying about but hey I'm still
waiting for you to come back and roast
them just as a viewer watching in on
this whole thing because that's why I am
right I'm I'm the same as you guys just
just a person watching in on this drama
unfold anyway what's your opinion on
this whole shebang you team Logan a you
team 10 or are you you don't give a fuck
you hate them or you what are you guys
hey but yeah I hope you enjoyed this
video it might be slightly longer anyway
I will see you guys tomorrow in our
video all right the back piece
