hello beautiful sexy people I can't I
feel like I looked and in this light but
if you saw me in real life I'm not
tanned at all welcome to a trying video
today not a tasting trying just trying
products oh yeah got them all here bad
my stuff with them you can't see what
they are
these are face masks all of them very
weird flavors and sentence starting off
of this on this is this is actual snail
like slime you know when a snail goes on
the floor
at leaves it's slippery mucus on the
floor this is a packet of that
apparently it's good for your face I'm
really not sure about this and then the
other three I just if we get these in
Hong Kong yeah we did Hong Kong we've
just not got around to using them red
wine mask sheet avocado mask sheet
tomato mask sheet so one thing I'm doing
is I'm just gonna put bit of everything
on the face and just see how that goes
really so I'm gonna have a card oh oh
literally just open it and you squirt
out my thumb Oh smells nice a face mask
with a moisturizer mask sheet well hell
is that
directions tear open and apply to face
leave on for 20 to 30 minutes now we
don't have that much time sorry oh
oh yeah that's that's amazing
is it like American Psycho know how to
murder someone it's very bit funny the
bottom isn't Oh spit yeah what something
to get up to this it's this what you're
gonna do
ladies I need some help here I have no
idea what I'm doing if I'm gonna say
anything it smells great what I'm doing
with it though I've no idea if this is a
women's product I mean that girls tend
to do this not saying you won't be
coughing them on your face well this is
an avocado one your face is gonna be so
moist but in guys I'm really not sure
about this tomato one I mean does anyone
or ever gone you know what I want to do
a tomato face face Mars over see my
throat you haven't have you
you've never sat on one you know what I
fancy a tomato flavored facemask boy
this doesn't even smell nice this one
smells horrible it's just a bit creepy
I don't know which wait a minute it even
snow yeah that's exactly the same as one
before taste it on my lips Oh what I
thought these were guys was like paste
you know that you put your own paste one
on and I thought oh it's a very wet one
red wine no one wants to smell of red
wine like sweet red wine yeah so what I
originally thought it was guys was paste
and I said yeah I can cover my whole
face and different ones turns up wet
slippery fish it's not that it's just
bits of paper because all this sounds
the worst red wine like you just meant
to sit there like this with it on and it
dries into your face yeah you do those
do like the house stop around the house
you drove him well stuff around the
house yeah cool so that's red wine this
I'm not sure this is oh you're not
watching this is a mask as well
that's like actual snail slime oh this
makes you feel really funny up here
that's sick oh it's in sections I'm like
there's two one for me month you oh my
god is so slimy what the hell oh boy you
need to feel that it is so slimy fill
that already don't like this that is not
gonna stay I need some assistance you
need to get it out tweet the hacker I
wish it would stay
oh it's so slimy oh hang on
Oh looks like space invaders
do-do-do-do-do-do
well this is what Michael Jackson look
like wait it would be great if this
could just stay out of my mouth this is
what it's like to have snail slime one
vegetable it really scary snails
this fits fine I can I can rock with
this a bit like I'm a superhero but
actually I Jenny I want to keep this arm
for a bit off the video I'm gonna what
was right for you for a minute why it's
nice feels refreshing
all right do I look a bit like a bird I
feel a little bit like a bird yeah a bit
yeah well there we go that's me trying
some weird stuff I hope you enjoyed the
video give it a thumbs up if you did and
I'll see you tomorrow on goodbye
