hello beautiful sexy people today's
video I'm really looking forward to this
I tweeted out the other day so if you're
if you're a follower of mine if you're a
fan if you're a viewer and you're
youtuber send me your channel I want to
check it out and share it with people
and it was incredible the amount of
people that follow me that have YouTube
channel so it's kind of like I didn't
realize that many people did it we are
gonna be looking at some of those
channels but not just like I've tried to
pick like there's some really
interesting different varieties it's not
just all vloggers there's all different
types of videos ok so we're going to
embark on this journey and if you enjoy
them there'll be a link to their
channels in the description so you can
check them out first channel is called
Jay Z ranch it sorry on the
pronunciation you got 85 subscribers and
drawing a dragon so let's check it out
I love these time-lapse drawings of art
I read about me and I used to be a made
by them that's the head coming out that
the heads in it now you got the details
yeah I was struggling to see because of
the the first line and now you got a
detail coming out it's very cool very
muscular tracking us up get those horns
in very cool dragon
nice job impressive dragon oh yeah oh
yes you work that sick that was though
all my well into this what's giving
mascot yeah I'm into that
well impressive so if you guys are into
dancing and go check that out I really
really enjoyed that so Becky see dance
two-and-a-half K subs nice job I really
enjoy watching
I'm but weird I have this i like
watching dance videos on youtube there's
a harem what it's called there's a girl
called Jade and Jenny something but
there's this like big crew and I lay
that to all these dance videos and I
just enjoy watching them okay this is
gray X so go over guitar the 18 cover
amazing Psalm 68 subscribers let's see
what you got Simon Simon Cowell Tony I
always wanted to learn this on the
guitar to be honest
Wow
beautiful voice
really nice so she likes off
I may not let you sink your much better
man like goose ones like that well she
got in your channel I don't upload that
often I'm gonna subscribe I've
subscribed London in 60 seconds
this sounds very cool a very arty this
on 8 millimeter film all the sides back
on the tube London Azizi seconds cool
like that very arty that was by t tbh
Brian to be honest Brian 29,000 subs
nice one mate
I'm I'm so confused right now there's
two songs on the video you see so they
wouldn't get copyright I don't know that
was interesting
over the rainbow piano cover life with
Mary 90 subs there we go what you got
married
very soothing the
keep up your piano stuff knows music
crossbones on my reporter with my nose
Wow yeah yeah okay that's he write
myself I'm intrigued with your nose so
random was so cool are you so cute go
check his channel guys
eliza fran one subscriber ah one
subscriber come on guys we can get her
more subscribers hallelujah you don't
really care for music do you
it goes like this the fourth the fifth
the minor fall the major lift the
baffled King composing hallelujah very
nice
hello Helen
oh she tied you to a kitchen chair she
broke your throne and she cut your hair
and from your lips she drew the
hallelujah
yeah very nice boys come on guys
Elizabeth Fran you're gonna get more
than one subscriber okay and there we go
that rounds up me checking out some of
your guys YouTube channels and sharing
them with you guys
yada yada yada yada and maybe this can
be part of a series if you guys like it
I'm sure there's loads more of you that
of YouTube channels out there so if you
do tweet me them when I'm gonna ask them
again or leave just ask me to check your
channel out in this give like if you're
a youtuber give a description of what
you do and the videos you make and write
it in the comments and then maybe that's
an easier way to find you as well
so yeah other than that give video
thumbs up unless you go tomorrow bye
