you share quite a lot of your
relationship online yeah in the sense of
you know you share moments of it yeah I
also share my relationship my my parts
my relationship online
dude awesome thanks bro do you guys have
rules of anything or do you do you think
differently about posting things what's
your kind of mindset about sharing your
relationship online yeah I mean I it's a
funny one isn't it and I think when I
look back when I first started using
social media to how I use it now
I'm definitely more open and freer with
it I don't we don't really have any
rules as it is you know but there are
certain things that obviously we like to
keep to ourselves you know I you know
the stuff that we share over you know
there's so many couples over social
media and they share all this sort of
stuff and everyone does it in their own
different way for us we just want it to
be real and through it to be us it may
not be polished but it's of the moment
and it's it's just ask madam and you
know for we we love it because it's an
opportunity just to share some of the
fun than some of the moments where the
people who follow us and we don't want
it to be yeah I don't know man I just I
don't want it to be fake in any way yeah
so I mean I just want it to be natural
and flowing I don't because otherwise I
think if you then you start thinking
about it too much
well then I kinda don't want to think
about it that's what I'm usually is that
obviously when you start posting
together as a couple and I can say this
on behalf of Stephie and I which we have
very not strict rules with we just alike
we don't want to do this for the sake of
doing more brand opportunities will come
about we've had brands who are like oh
you guys are a couple when you're cute
like we want to do stuff but you have to
do this this is this and we're just like
no no that's the same with that we you
know I you know social media is it's an
amazing thing right and you know it's an
amazing way to connect with people
immediately it has so many incredible
opportunities to meet amazing people you
know and if you've got certain projects
or creative things that you're doing you
can share it with everyone
but you know I think it's important that
you're always true to yourself and super
authentic so this goes back to any
brands that you're working with you know
I don't think there's anything wrong
with you know working with brands and
doing things over social media but I
think it has to be true to yourself man
because it's so obvious right and people
can see straight through it if you're
just doing something for the sake of it
yeah you know it's got to be a brand
that you feel you would use or something
committed to it you know what I mean
yeah I think that's the most important
thing I think especially if you use the
word really hate the word influencing
but if you've got a following and
essentially those you do have an
influence on people I think you do have
to be true to yourself but the same time
the audience most of them are smart
enough now unless you have a super young
audience a lot of them can just see
through the anyway so if you do
do something that doesn't match with
your audience they're going to just call
you out on it straight hundred percent
true what do you think so do you think
there are perils of monetizing your
relationship then yes cool all right
cover of hello hello
as Matt say hello Jesus yeah of course
they get married people be like yo well
it you know that that's going back to
you know things that we would be
comfortable sharing and obviously since
I was getting engaged we've had certain
magazines wanting to you know cover the
engagement or cover our wedding and you
know I think for ask man like that
that's just not really something we were
feel comfortable with and you know we
want to keep that because that's a
moment you're only gonna have once right
it's trivial and you want it to be with
your loved ones so know however many
people that maybe if it's 50 people or
100 200 wherever it is would you be
technically be working then if it was
covering your wedding and things and I
don't think like when you say yo we do
cover there they're like they're like
cool
we're front row and they're like day
yeah and obviously that will also be in
the back of your mind and you know other
people other guests will be aware of you
know sent pictures or certain things
that they can't use their phone so what
it will affect the flow of the day mmm
you know I think you know if you're
going to do
maybe an interview after the wedding or
after the engagement talking about how
it came about maybe in photo something
like that it's fine because it's not
affecting that moment when it's not
affecting the loved ones around yeah so
I think for me I in a previous
relationship was shared a lot online
like a daily vlog for two years for
example well that's like in tents I've
talked about many times before
so if Steffie it's like exactly what you
said we never foreseen as we what we
post is genuine happiness or genuine
moments that they're in the middle of
going on but I think working with brands
will only do if it's felt right you know
we did a shoot with Vogue that was for
us being like that now it's a moment
that we can go yo and we can show you
the kids was very cool man I saw that
and I was like that's pretty damn cool
Thanks no I know exactly what you mean
man I mean I've got the same mindset as
you do on that but it is nice man to
share those moments with and to see
positive reply you know and see people
coming on the journey with you and I'm
really enjoying it yeah so yeah and
actually I filmed funny enough I did
film Emma a nice trip to Sweden where we
got engaged so I filmed the whole
process balmy actually going down on my
knee yeah so I'm excited to be sharing
that with people soon how did you film
that them did you have someone with you
or go so I did it all myself it was
badass little gimbal no no just working
it just you know so you did everything
other than the moment everything other
than the moment man but we attempted to
do the moment I'll be thinking about too
many things and you know I think in that
I just think what you need to be up
early
you've got to be in an apt moment and
also you know what it's like when you do
these like sort of travel videos and
you're doing it you're having your with
your you know your partner sometimes you
know if you get a beautiful moment maybe
something wrong I kind of really want to
get that again and it's like so it can
sometimes be a little stressful but it
goes back to saying that you know I
think it's just getting it in the moment
and just trying to go with the flow as
much as you can
but I'm looking forward to to showing
that in the next month that should
be cool yeah I'm kind of nervous about
seeing that one actually why tell
someone no I've got an amazing buddy of
mine who edits the videos a lot of
pressure on him yeah and sometimes we do
some quite rogue things and you know I
meant to go through all the videos and
cut out some of these ones not sometimes
I forget and he messages me being like
bro were you meant to send me this like
oh sorry buddy I always worry marks it's
gonna do it when I see it a lot of stuff
in Dropbox I'm like oh please don't be
any yeah I don't want to be seen but I
think there with all this stuff you got
to be so on it man you got to be so
consistent right every day well what's
the option like you you did that for two
years
oh like four years daily vlog for two
years and then we were gonna do two
videos a day at one point I was pushing
for that man that was like let's do two
videos that dude at one point we were
filming because same as me I traveled a
lot and especially when I started seeing
Stephie she lives in Germany so my
traveling was up in there was a point
where we were filming 15 videos a day so
30 videos in two days I was like an
absolute wreck by the end of each day
but you know what man I have so much
respect for you guys and and all those
other youtubers out there who've really
smashed in they're putting out all this
content because it's not a fluke man
like you guys have hustled and you have
put in the time that stuff doesn't just
happen overnight and I remember when I
first started looking into YouTube and I
was a bit behind it I was thinking wow
man these guys have really you know
lucked out these cats have not lucked
out
honest yeah with respect it was a lot it
was a lot of time that went into it
but the issue with that is also the
subject of burnout you know if you did
like I said we at the end of two years I
was like what am i doing like call
me make money do all the stuff but but
also I guess what must happen you get to
that point you start you
Ayana start losing a sense of like wait
a second what is my direction like where
am i right now what was my plan when I
started four years ago yeah it's almost
like you're on this roller coaster ride
right you're just riding it you keep
going but you don't know the angle and
you don't know where you're going or
what the plan is
yeah because that that roller coaster
sits in the YouTube theme park which is
yeah I always say YouTube's like a game
right so you can choose to play the game
as much as you want and you know the
more you put into it the more you're
gonna get out there just becomes exactly
what you said when we're making these
videos we're not we are prophase where
we're not making stuff that want it to
make it's just we know what's gonna do
well we know it's gonna be yeah see
that's that's a bad cycle to be in bad
cycle to be in that is your silence the
integrity with your output as well yeah
that's hot yeah we ready when you're
creating content that you don't really
love that's a little tricky and that's
when it starts I mean same with anything
in life right you you've got to do
something that you love I think of your
you're doing something that you're not
enjoying life is too short so yeah you
got to get to the point what I was my
obsession I was lucky that I could make
that decision and go actually hang on a
sec I'm not enjoying this anymore and I
I could switch up and but hard hard
making a switch and doing something
different because I guess you or your
your followers and the people who you
know are broiler so suddenly they're
like wait a second this is not what I
signed up for like maybe when you do all
your fashion yeah so I mean how do your
followers react Oh doing that I mean
that's why I've been the subject of
about six months worth of podcast I was
like transition yeah of course it is
because mmm I'm the type of person as
well who when I in my head when I want
to do something it's like I just do it
like that why don't you know how quick
was it from I want to get an office to
I've gone office now it's like isn't it
it's good and bad that that happens but
it was the same with this when I made
the decision I was like right I want to
change my content and I want to put
stuff out that I'm actually interested
in yeah oh man it's been a wild
journey the last eight the last year has
been up and down crashes at but now I'm
good I'm like I'm really happy my
audience get it and
we're in a good place so yeah you got to
have the ups and downs man you get the
down so you appreciate the apps yeah it
feels great either right yeah kind of a
sin how did you know you were
comfortable on camera like was that the
first television you've done and they
didn't show you had the first that was
the first time I've been on camera I was
used to being in front of a photo so my
mum was a photographer so fine doing
stills you know that's what I stuff fine
that's cool so I did you grow up having
photo shoots because oh man my mum was
crazy with the homies so dude we used to
go on holiday and all the family would
come and I have my family's kind of
spread out I have family in Australia
America and mom would always say on
every trip you've got to bring one full
white outfit one full black outfit so we
would have a full day on our holidays
everyone let's say we were in the
Bahamas or somewhere we go down to the
beach ten ten to fifteen of us like all
everyone like grandkids cousins etc I'm
amazing to look back at these some of
these photographs that we've got you
know why all black and at the time
you're a little bit like ah man but
lucky you know it's amazing to have
those things to look back on them so yet
in front of the camera I was find in
terms of filming I remember the first
scene that I did actually and because in
your MOT in my mind I was thinking one I
really I don't know how they're gonna
edit me I don't know how this come
across I was playing in my mind thinking
a lot and then you know so you're very
aware of the cameras and I think one of
the most important things for you to be
comfortable in front of the camera is to
just not see them you know what I mean
just just feel comfortable in yourself
so it took me a while man I reckon it
took me maybe I don't know six months I
reckon to get fully relaxed and
comfortable
