hello they're built on safety people
will just so watch me if I smoke like
that probably went wedgie let's talk
about that dad dad yeah positivity come
out this channel no we're gonna find out
how normal my opinions are on deaf deaf
scares me like the idea of the thought
of death freaked me out a little bit not
not going to lie the idea does scare me
it does more like not in the sense what
happens after death I think that's kind
of whatever but just the thought of it
or losing people around me because of
death that is a big fear so yeah happy
video today uh-huh well there we go
straight straight up straight up
straight some question are you afraid of
dead wall yes door year 50 47% of people
like now and let's go there I don't
believe that I'm sorry I don't believe
before the 47% that said not really
picture someone holding a gun to your
head and you're about to die tell me
you're not scared of that exactly what
do you want done with your body when
this is so the coffin graveyard thing
cremate me and scatter me somewhere cool
cremate me and keep mashes or that I'm
sorry
keeping the ashes on the fireplace thing
that makes me feel weird I've never done
that you've we've obviously seen it in
films are stuff but like I would just
odd freak out like if there's a dead
person on that show who knows some of
these pots in this house my fascism but
maybe it's not thin I don't know people
who do that maybe it's an American thing
I don't know do you do you guys do that
if you do I don't want to offend you I'm
sorry if I've offended you but the
thought of just your dead relative there
is just sends me shivers human taxidermy
what's that
turn me into one of those trees oh yeah
he must taxidermy no idea what that even
means are you so I say I'd want to be
buried but that also makes for weird
just like putting a dead body into the
ground and just let see what if it rots
I imagine all the bugs that will eat
that body and I'm sorry I'd probably say
cremate me and scatter me somewhere cool
30% okay cool I mean for only four
percent said the fireplace then that's
just odd what about some alternative
burial shit I want to be freeze-dried
dis old and then turned into come I want
to be mummified yeah I want my remains
shined that's cool that is cool shot
into space hold my body Krunk Qin
Emperor genic cryogenically frozen and
preserved just in case there's a chance
they figure out how to revive me at lay
today that is what I'm going for that is
the answer
44 percent imagine that it frees me or
whatever the hell they're talking about
and then in a hundred years they're like
yo we can revive dead people and I'm
like boom frozen unfreeze me I'm alive
what's up great-great-grandchildren boom
back in your life after life yes or no
logically know what I believe in though
yes 68 percent 68 percent said yes
that's impressive
what kind of afterlife are we talking
about though okay more specifically what
do you think happens up here we go this
just literally nothing heaven how
reincarnation or some version of it you
continue living in a different dimension
something else entirely doubt I'll
explain the comment logic Lee literally
nothing heaven and hell not for me
reincarnation or some version of it
possibly or you can do live in a
dimension that's what I want to believe
so o 30% said heaven or hell 22
literally nothing that's a logically I
would say that like if I was being
boring I would say that are you getting
the heebie-jeebies by reading this post
no I'm okay would you rather know how
you're gonna die but not when or when
you're gonna die but not how Oh May
that's weird
no oh that's horrible I would rather
know when I'm gonna die but not how
because then at least if it's like
you're gonna know
you're gonna die but not when that could
be I could die I could die tomorrow
this is horrible I don't either so when
when but not how oh I didn't even know
that was an answer
I've definitely would have gone I don't
know want to know yeah I definitely
would have gone with I don't want to
know do you believe in ghosts
well if you guys listen to the podcast
if you haven't links down there lower
your expectations check it out it's free
go enjoy it yes you will know heck yeah
I love spirits and shit if you answered
yes to the above question would you have
sex with a good I mean that's just that
once obviously stupid is you can't bang
a ghost any good one
fuck yeah give me kinky ghosts sex yeah
I mean if you could it would be like
cool that's saying off the bucket list
what if the ghost you are thinking about
having sex with was not a fully-formed
person goes but more like a blob I'm
sorry this is to where the stones some
kind of sexual fancy quiz or I'd
literally fuck any ghosts right okay I'm
just gonna click the second one how
would you rather die eating quickly by
shark swallowed whole by whale and just
die slowly inside its stomach
that's horrible isn't it but here's the
thing if you're gonna I mean it's gonna
be painful the shark it's gonna be
painful and quick and over and a
horrible way although at least you're
gonna go down with an experience you
know you're gonna see something that no
one's ever seen before song that me the
whale only 12% look guys I'm weird okay
would you rather be burned alive or
drown fucking horrible
fuck you yeah that's what I'm saying
would you rather live one 1000 year life
or 10 100 year lives oh definitely 10
odd to know that's weird
think about that one 1000 year life you
could be you would have like Gregory
great great grandchildren and you would
be the same person throughout literally
a century as a century a millennium good
with words I'm going 1,000 life 1,000
year like plus fuck it you'll be the
oldest person to ever live how cool is
that
Oh only 28% agree with me where do you
want to watch your own funeral no like
what who's saying yes that you're weird
you're literally weird do you want to
die after your spouse or before again
that's horrible
at the exact same time while holding
hands at the age of 103 our hearts will
be in sync they'll never I like that I
like I'm going with that that's cute
because fuck that scares me imagine like
how horrible that is when your partner
dies when old age and now that's rank
honesty would you live forever and never
ever die yes I want to be immortal on
the last person lives why people that
would be cool I mean yeah weird but like
yeah a bit emotionally draining just a
bit but think alcohol that experience
would be you're boring why question mark
oh god I don't know I think I just
described that anyway
well I think I'm a lot of the time I was
with the unpopular people on that quiz
but there's a map because you know what
I like to have fun experiences guys yeah
I hope you enjoyed this video on death
tomorrow is gonna be a bit more positive
hopefully give it a thumbs up who did
not see it tomorrow Vern I want good
babe good puppy
