hello and welcome to a video that could
get very very deep
so say I'm here with one of my absolute
fave Louie's absolute legend icon mum of
the year if it was my vote she hasn't
come to me actually I've come to her
house in my pants
we're hanging out and we weren't
planning to film and I just had this
idea
you're quite fun person to talk about
not talk about talk with I feel like I
have yeah I feel like we have quite good
discussions on things and I text you
last night just like which you want to
do video you just talk about to come
daddy bought anything with me oh I've
got a little gift for you but I love
writing about them in my books it has
ever a touch on death find it deeply
cathartic because I grew up around death
listen to me okay
fun fact my mum died when I was seven
and she died of cancer so it was like a
slow like drawn-out thing and I'm just
fascinated well it happens I feel like
their how they cope with that this is so
deep so I have so many things to get
into if I guess the overarching question
is what do you think happens to us after
there is there like often there is I
think I know where that angle you're
gonna come from like having a house at
Langille yeah yeah yeah
religious angle I'm sure I think what
their angles there are just yes yeah so
for me what have you died a goal it to
go to heaven hopefully will if you like
fit to the criteria I'm a like 80%
Christian yeah I reach the other
twenties
well I'll tell you I'm really interested
in Christianity right I'm really enjoy a
lot of aspects of it many years ago I
did the Alpha course I talked
extensively about this on my channel did
the articles to learn more about
Christianity is who God is who Jesus is
etc I found it fascinating and then
started going to church and also going
to home groups like learn more about
like what the Bible says
I was really into it and then once I've
got past all the things I liked I found
myself having to face the things I
didn't like
in Christianity so the obvious things
you know the issues around like
homosexuality the issues I've got
divorced as well so it's not talking to
for self like oh that's a sin that's I'm
bad am i bad just you know when I not
get into heaven now all those things
started to worry me as well as a lot of
things in the Bible Belt I like aligns
with my like personal views so I say
sort of 80% Christian so 20 percent of
it that I'm like not really on board
with it but precious belief in heaven
and the pod lives in heaven I don't know
about hell because I would call myself
church or even listen to Christian so I
think it's Catholics maybe that are like
heaven or hell but I think hell would
just be a place far away from God
because God is the goal because so God
is heaven in heaven God is up there just
like chillin out it welcome a my friend
you basically yeah yes I'm having a
pentacle and the crew is all like white
and fluffy up there is no like okay how
well so I always nobody ticket so when
my mum died and you know think obviously
everyone says people to children told
mummy didn't happen yeah she's an angel
and to me then have almost like white
fluffy clouds and my arse you said you
could have anything you wanted this if
you wanted a fountain made of only the
orange Smarties
in my mind my mum listen house we got
shells it's so beautiful and I imagined
this whole heaven then and this is for
you
I read a book literally got some wood
from this book that my friend Marie bits
and clips he's on YouTube as well and
it's what heaven is for real and she
recommended it to me it's a bit like hey
ya wanna really read a good book but I
ordered it and I read this whole book
it's not loved in one night only book
I've ever read in one sitting and it's
fascinating it's about a little boy so
he died on the operating table providers
yeah for a few minutes he actually came
back and like to tell her story and he
told his dad like where he'd been and
this child could not have been like
because he was a child and how would you
know new things he was talking about
things that are talked about in the
Bible but you would never have you know
he would never have know and I read this
and it's all about what heaven is like
and it's just the most wonderful book so
I ordered this answer for you that's
very kinda guy so I've never talked
about my beliefs publicly or anything
partly because one I don't want to cause
offence to people but I would say I am
an 80s no no no no but like I just I
find elements of religion very
interesting I am nowhere near educated
enough throughout every single religion
to be able to critique or praise so with
that said I think there's nice things to
take from religion about ways to live
your life etc I don't look at that as
being religious I just think that's what
being a good human being is you know
just live your life in a nice meaningful
way don't be a dick but I personally
don't think like I don't believe in
being heaven I don't know that's why I'm
like yeah I got fall off the chair now
cracked my head open
that's yeah they are
where are they I don't know I mean ashes
were spread but are they what do people
have spirits that live on this is what
do you have salt of course they do but
what happens to it makes us all can't
die how can a soul divert whoa
yes what if your soul is it just I don't
know it's such a tricky one isn't it
because there's some people who sworn by
having like me like deaf experiences or
who have had moments with people who are
placed in that pathway and they're like
all I spoke to them in heaven and stuff
and that's obviously hard to sit here
and go oh that's not true because that's
a very personal moment that someone
might come to the table with but I just
don't believe in there being a heaven
and a hell I think it's a nice thing to
believe yeah but I also don't know what
I do believe I kind of I I believe in
good energy I believe the world is
working amongst energy what kind of is
but it kind of is how the earth the
universe works is energy so do you
believe is a law of attraction which is
where you can ask me you know what you
want to see Steffi is like a big blue
edition of the secret yeah yeah where
it's all about positive thinking and
it's like you know if you really
positively think about saying you can
bring that thing to you I think that's
again it's like nice to believe that but
I'm logically I don't I mean I don't
think that's how life does work there's
some things of course you you will have
moment where you like oh my god I really
want this a really relaxed happen and it
happens yeah but is that coincidence but
then you most of the time in that sorrow
have done things towards steps toward
making that happen like if we're to say
oh I wish that I really wish that I wish
we would have a nice dinner in an hour
yeah driven to a restaurant yeah yeah
there's elements to it but I believe in
good energy and bad energy but is that
spiritual I don't know and then what
happens that energy are that that's why
I also believe in the law of attraction
but if it's when I'm asking the universe
for things if that really God providing
because God loves her see is the reason
I don't believe in God and so and it's I
don't really don't more cause offense
we've had loads of chats but before you
were not going to offend me the one the
first chats we had was on the plane when
I was I don't remember it we talked
about before flight Florida I love
shitting and vomiting on the plane and I
was sat at the front and that's secluded
cubicle because they didn't want a mass
scale and between shitting and vomit and
like that with you and yeah you sat with
me but between shit skin vomiting you
were like talking to me about God and I
was just like like people are religious
because it gives them something to like
live their life towards yeah and it
brings people something but I just don't
makes my life harder
well a lot easier if I did not have to
say I don't choose to have a faith the
faith has me I feel like I'm constantly
drawn back to God because I would like
to not worry about things I would like
to not feel like I'm doing everything
wrong
I would like to ignore certain like
signs in my life but I can't because I
feel such a connection with a higher
being who I believe to be God yeah see I
just personally I'm not really about
living my life for how someone else has
said I should tell you what I'm really
interesting I love seeing people talk
about their faith
so I followed someone on it's around
called Dino Tokyo she is a Muslim woman
and she often just like Q&A some stories
about like what is that mean to her and
I'm just fascinated of all that I love
that she's like proud of open she'll
fight it's very educated but I'm
interested also to hear from people
you don't necessarily like believe in a
religion or God or like an organized
religion - like Dave Erasmus he's a
fascinating man he has like a lot of
thoughts on like spirituality in my the
energy that you know about but in terms
of your question what happens when you
die
I think that I believe in heaven because
it's comforting to me to think when I
died I'll see my mum again I'll see all
this again because the thought of not I
find a very her yeah of course if you
think something traumatic has happened
to you at a young age and then
throughout your life you then have that
thought
oh thanks when I die like you're gonna
be reunited yeah that's a nice I mean I
don't believe do you think when you die
then that's just the end it's just blank
that's it so I've written a wider belief
which is weirder than this which I might
touch on is computer simulation Jenny
thing about computer simulation no a
simulated world simulated universe all
right doesn't bring back okay
this is like few people have talked
about it kind of in the last few years
you know must be one of them which kind
of bore lot of attention to it so there
is a theory there is a possibility that
the world we are living in our life is
simulated okay so we we are being kind
of like it's a lot of matrix more like
when you play the sims you're
controlling a world a simulated world
you're in combat
there is theory there is belief that our
universe if you think of how advanced
we're moving towards - yeah that we are
getting to a point where the 2034 later
strike yeah we could be in someone's
game there is that possibility well if
I'm in someone's game I'm in do
yeah make it nice place and we don't
think as a human being you're like no
but I have conscious thought terrible
lies it people that have terrible lives
are they in a game when people are just
exactly do that it's just a moment do
you party yeah so when something like
9/11 happens or yeah that people would
say oh that's a glitch in the simulation
that all that's people playing a
horrible game yeah but then you can also
why would God do that well of course
that's what I'm gonna open it up to but
that's what the computer simulation
theory that's me I don't necessarily
believe in it I just find it really
interesting but I did learn that can be
similar to God and religion and so go
back to there like you then go that's
the day I believe doing simulation
theory it's like or if you die then it's
like no plug out matrix but no I don't
think I believe in that yet ah quick
we've got a few seconds I hope you guys
like the video I'd love to know any of
your thoughts on things we talked about
leaving a client Jeru death thumbs up
bye
