hello beautiful sexy people welcome back
me welcome back to me to the channel
it's been I've been away for a few days
I was snowboarding and hadn't filmed any
stuff I was trying to do a live video
everyday whilst I was there but just it
just didn't happen so apologies and I'm
now in Los Angeles LA so I literally
came back from snowboarding and straight
to LA I'm here for a few days for work
so there's gonna be quite a lot videos
coming up from LA main channel and this
channel so I hope you guys are ready for
that we're also using natural lighting
so you guys know how to that but right
now I think it looks quite good min la
Marina
now la is meant to have four days of
rain a year but it's cold and raining so
basically feels like um in London anyway
I am gonna continue series you guys
really liked it I'll go from my phone
and expose in I say exposing just
sharing some photos that you may have
never know you definitely might have
ever seen before
because I don't know when I'm on a plane
I always do it especially film with
alpha me an outfit that we did it when
we flew the other day we go through your
phones because we have so many old
pictures together and we show each other
all the funny pictures we've got and on
the flight back we kind of had a bit of
a moment as we're like it's actually
kind of amazing think of how many things
we've done together in since starting
YouTube and we were just a bit by our
this is really nice and yeah it was it
got a bit like nostalgic almost so did I
post this picture me and Joey Graceffa
that's when Joey came to bright and
hangout and me Joey
and Zoe me Joey and Zoe went to this
little Food Festival on the seafront and
we had some pins as you can see there
this is a very sweaty Marcus after a
workout I look so young when I don't
have a beard oh my god oh okay I've
never played on anything I did I have a
post this picture this picture is me and
my cousins and my auntie with their dogs
and they thought was really funny it was
my month my mom's a twin so as their
birthday so he went for like a breakfast
tea or something and they I don't know
why they did it they custom made
t-shirts if you zoom in and look at
their t-shirts they printed out picture
of me and came in
the restaurant even with the dogs become
dogs backs stuck them all on the dogs
and walked into the restaurant like
hello hi Marcus I was like oh cool guys
thanks for embarrassing me like one
effort for them to do that ah look so I
don't own many suits
I didn't even own a suit and I was like
I started to go to like those events and
things are I need a suit I should get a
suit so I was like ok I know nothing
about suits he was I went to next for a
year who should I take with me Oh Jim
knows about suits Jim let's go suit
shopping and this was me trying on a
suit and there's Jim taking a picture of
me you can see he's over there that was
in Burberry and that was my first suit I
still have that suit but this is when if
you look at my face you can see this is
when I got super super skinny when I was
way too into my diet and it was like way
OTT so I've got this suit but doesn't
fit me anymore because I'm bigger not
yeah I'm like much more muscley May I
saw this picture when was this this is
May 2014 me and Joe were going on a
night out I think I was going on a night
out with like my some of my best mates
he likes cool weird and Joe for some
reason I was talking to Joe and I was
like yeah I just come out as well so me
and Joe ended up going out I think we
got quite drunk well you can look at
look at the way I'm looking at Joe I'm
just gonna eat him and Joe he's very
funny oh my God look at the next one oh
look at both faces I'm very sweaty as
well as if I've been dancing for ages
this is when I was in Norwich with Jim
and Tom and Joe who came and we all
filmed a video I think so yeah that was
us in Norwich High Street yeah and don't
think post that on us oh there you go
there's a picture of us through Oh saves
in my phone as a cheeky screenshot Zac
Efron's body because I was like that's
what I want to look like wow look at
this picture that was when I did like a
YouTube tour thing and did some live
stuff and I think that picture speaks so
it's just crazy to think look at all the
people around everyone's eye
I'm just loving life I'm so happy to be
touched
I'll freeze gonna hate this person this
but on that same trip we did some
touristy stuff in New York we went we
had that it's really cute mouth we day
we went up the the Eiffel Tower went up
the Empire stay and then we ended up
taking really these stupid pictures like
this what we did it was really funny yet
my top one why we thought this was fired
an a but show you the different
locations for this little Malfi date so
in from there to then this picture which
everyone was like oh my god this is like
before in the stars cover to then try on
hats this is all in one day like I said
and then and we ended up in Grand
Central Station looking at each other we
literally looked like a couple here and
none of these pictures were posted so
that was a little mouthy date in New
York
this picture was at VidCon so one of the
vid films and I just had like a new
haircut like I'd had it much short on
size and I never had it before
I remember everyone being like wow
really like your haircut so I was like
oh I need to take a picture of this so
that next time I go I can be like yeah
like this and that was it and now we've
got VidCon ah that VidCon was so much
fun again don't think I ever did
anything with these so upside down
picture of me Joe and Alfie hanging out
we're about to do staying on stage so we
were just hanging out and same as this I
mean I look like an alien in this
picture but it's just showcase about you
see me I literally like an alien because
it was one of the panorama ones and you
know and that if you move it makes you
look a bit funny
I love when I go to conventions doing
Q&A because I feel like me ups are great
to meet the people who watch your videos
like you guys but I feel like at CUNY's
I can really properly interact with you
and answer questions and whenever I do
them a lot of places like oh you're only
now to dip half now and I try I want to
do them for as long as I can because
they're my favorite things to do
interaction wise review guys this was
cool this is like behind the scenes of
my Nana's Seventeen magazine shoot me
and Zoey did it and this was like the
first time I'd ever done a proper photo
shoot I mean not looking now hate hate
the clothes they styled me in because
they want they they literally like we
need to make you look like a cute like
boy and stuff and that's what they tried
to do the hair but that was the first
time I'd ever done shoot and I was I
don't know just really nervous for it
love this picture this is at one of the
conventions and all the parties always
always have the you know like the booth
sway photo booths and mean cats which
just went in and take loads of pictures
than that this is when I got buried in
the sand I don't know who that who did
that don't know where that is but I've
got a pair of boobs and also a dick made
out of sand so this was a shopping trip
with Troy and I found a horse's head or
a unicorn head and in Urban Outfitters
and he took the picture of me so then
I'm gonna leave that there cuz that's
kind of finished that la trip finished
that stage and I don't leave like I said
I've got 18,000 photos and we're quite
near the top so we can carry on going if
you guys want me to show you more photos
it's not even showing like I'm like all
you need to see these it's just nice to
share it like when I look through am i
oh that's such a nice memory to have and
to look back on so if you guys want to
see more give the video a thumbs up and
let me know otherwise I see tomorrow
with another video all right love you
guys goodbye
