hello welcome to what I'm hoping to be a
new set up in my house I have a thin
here I've got a microphone that's taped
in place so I hope it goes well with
posting more stuff on this channel with
the podcast stuff which is going down
and being received really really well
which is very nice I'm glad you guys are
enjoying that kind of stuff we are
continuing to get more guests on the
podcast and there is gonna be content on
this channel every single week from the
podcast which is exciting but amongst
that I would still like to post things
that I have interest in or talking
topics that don't necessarily have to
come straight from the podcast I can
just sit here and chat about them with
you long distance relationships that
segue there a thing is a very big topic
to tackle but I feel like not as unusual
as you may think it is
with that said long distance
relationships ah how do you do it one of
you lives there one of you lives there
how does it work what can you do oh my
god so many things to answer let's get
the basic stuff out of the way what
makes a long-distance relationship hard
is literally living in different
countries so you may be a long-distance
relationship some of you may be in
different types of long-distance
relationships mine is a country to
country one whereas obviously you can
still be in a long-distance relationship
within a country it's just maybe a drive
away or a train ride away or whatever so
I would probably say what makes it hard
the hardest thing is obviously being in
a different country probably one of the
most frustrating things in a long-term
relationship when you're in different
countries is the fact that you can't
just get in your car or like just turn
up you know if you're already ship here
and you're not living together you can
still if something's wrong if you just
want to see them you can just get in
your car you can just get a train and
it's and then you're there and obviously
you can do it with a plane but it's a
lot more difficult to travel to a
different country than it is to just hop
in your car and like go see your your
partner so that's probably at the most
frustrating thing how can you make it
work though this is what I feel why it
works for me and why it has worked for
me is one I'm lucky enough and fortunate
enough that I can afford to do it
because a long-distance relationship
isn't cheap it's expensive plane tickets
are expensive you
if you're planned well enough in advance
you can save quite a bit um plane ticket
if I book fair enough Irv enough in
advance I have got to get to work and
get a return to Berlin for about 50 quid
which is pretty good but because of my
diary coz a Stephie's diary doesn't
usually work like that and we have to do
last-minute things so number two is for
a long-distance relationship to work you
both have to be fully committed now I
know that sounds stupid but like
commitment to each other is vital in a
long-distance relationship because if
you're not willing to travel and you're
not willing to put that person first you
have to sacrifice a lot of your social
life and a lot of your plans to make it
work so before you jump into
long-distance relationship obviously
test the waters but when it's time to
get serious
those are the things that you need to
start considering again in my situation
it's great that both of our careers
allow us to move about and travel
because again say I was in a
nine-to-five and Steffi was still doing
her thing it would just make it very
difficult I'm very lucky that I can go
over to Germany and I can work in
Germany but it would make it a lot more
difficult if I wasn't able to do that
all right first question that's come in
from Luke is how do you cope with not
seeing each other so that is obviously
what is hard in a long-distance
relationship is I said it earlier but
you can't just see each other it makes
it really necessary to make that time
for that person because obviously you
may go through periods of one week two
week sometimes even three weeks which
we're doing right now where you won't
see each other it's really important
that you can make time when you do get
to see them or when you arrange to see
them because I've always you're just not
gonna work is it how do you keep the
intimacy alive that's quite a good
question so a positive from a
long-distance relationship is the fact
that it does keep it really fresh
because you don't really get used to
being fully settled in that environment
so when you go away from your partner
for some time and then you come back
it's often fresh you know if you are in
a long-term relationship and your
partner goes away for like a week or for
work or holiday or whatever when they
come back together when you're living
together
it's normally nice and you
miss that person when they're away and
you look forward to seeing them in it
and that does sort of freshen things up
with a long-distance relationship
because you have that regularly that's
probably a positive to it what do you do
when you miss them I feel like this is a
big thing that people don't know if
they'd be able to deal with like I said
the most important thing is making time
for that person when you are with them
the second is staying in touch on a
daily basis with what goes on in mind
Stephie's life it's quite easy for us to
be too busy to really properly speak to
each other within a day and if you have
a couple of days like that in a row or
two or three days like that in a row so
much can happen in that space of time
that when you come to try and catch up
you kind of forget what's gone on or you
miss a lot of what went on in the day
and that's me and her has become an
important thing that doesn't matter
where we are wherever you are in the
world let's like speak on the phone at
least 10 minutes a day just to hear
about each other's day what you've been
up to and just chat because obviously
when you're apart you need to stay on
top of things do you think if you guys
didn't have the jobs you had now that
make it accessible to each other often
that you would still be able to make it
work great question that goes back to
what I saying earlier is very lucky and
fortunate that we can afford to travel
to see each other and that I can work
anywhere in the world essentially I have
a lot that ties me to London still have
a lot of businesses I'm involved in I
can do a lot of it whilst I'm away I do
think it would be different if we didn't
have the careers and lives that we had I
just think one of us would have to
sacrifice their situation and move to
the other person's country I mean that
is I say that easy that is a big
sacrifice let's go yup I will move
myself to your country where I don't
have any friends or know the language
what do you do to distract yourself when
he / she's not with you and you can't
see via Skype or contact each other
that's a really good question because
it's really hard like when you're in a
in a long chunk so we're in a three-week
chunk now which is like the long end of
long you don't we've only done it a few
times if you're not busy so right now
for example I'm in London and Matt who
work with he is on holiday Stephie's in
New York so that for me
ultimately makes me less busy just
because Matt's away that is an effect on
a lot of the day-to-day stuff I do I
have to busy myself with not only work
but socializing work to help that move
faster if that makes sense I'm from
Indiana USA my girlfriend's from British
Columbia Canada sometimes they'll go day
without speaking because we both have
school and time zones mess up stuff do
you have any advice on how to stay
connected you just have to make that
time it doesn't matter what you're doing
where you are if one of yous out
literally ten minutes on the phone you
have that time in the day regardless of
time zones whatever you're doing you
need to just make that time because the
further you leave it the long distance
starts to hit in and the effects of the
long distance him because you start
becoming distant between the two of you
an example of that with us was when I
was in LA this is some time last year I
was in LA Steffi was in Australia and
there was such a time difference where
there was something like six hours in
the day that we could actually speak of
time and we were both awake and that was
not fun but we still made it work
did you have to sacrifice some jobs turn
down some jobs choose your long distance
relationships really good question and
the simple answer for both of us
is yes of course these are all my
problems it's a really hard thing
because I keep saying it by I'm very
lucky and very grateful for a lot of the
opportunity I get to do in my career and
I know Stephie is oh I can speak on her
behalf of this and some of the things we
get the opportunity to do is incredible
and amazing and very lucky to do that
but there's been moments where you have
this really amazing opportunity but it
may mean you've already been apart for
two weeks and then this opportunity
comes in and then it might mean you're
away for another two weeks or another
three weeks or something like that and
that's when I come back to saying you
have to be committed because if you
don't put that person first then it's
not gonna work if only one of you is is
putting you first and and the other has
their career first it's just not gonna
work and it works for us right now
obviously hope it continues to work of
course I did that's why it works fast
because yes our careers are very
important but for both of us it's more
important that we work because we're
each other's soul mate
why are they so glorified like why do
people want them so much I have never
seen them before become glorified I
don't glorify er I didn't know that it
was a thing that people craved for a
long-distance relationship I don't know
why like I said it has its pros and cons
but ultimately in my situation we still
want to live together that's what we're
trying to work towards but it's a little
bit trickier in our scenario just
because of where our careers are right
now and where we have to be a lot of the
time for work I didn't know they were
glorified does the future worry you like
where you'll settle down with kids etc
no to be honest because I feel like
we've both still so young in the grand
scheme of things and whilst it is good
to have some kind of plan in your head
about where you want to be in your life
I also think that you can't really plan
life and life isn't a plan I think it's
good to have a rough idea in your head
but if you're constantly living your
life to a plan if something goes wrong
in that plan it's gonna you up so
that's why for us we just know that we
want to live together we know we want to
have a future together we just don't
know where that's gonna be yet do you
have specific rules you try to stick to
to make it work for example seeing each
other at least once a week or at least
once every two weeks we don't have like
rules but of course a rough outline for
us is we always say we don't like it to
be more than a week that we're apart but
in the grand scheme of it in reality
that is so hard to stick by with both of
our our jobs they take us around the
world and whilst we do go times when we
don't see each other you know we do
maintain that seven-day or whatever that
week cause but a lot of the time ends up
being more than that so but what can you
do how do you know he /she is the right
one in terms of like he's laughs she
won't cheat what a question really
tricky one to answer because everyone's
viewpoint on that is different I am a
very insecure person when it comes to
that for many different reasons that I'm
not gonna go into but I think if that is
a concern of yours
then you need to be open about that with
the person you're in love with or
falling in love with and then it's about
the two of you together being Oh
and chatting things through and helping
you get over that fear or concern if
that is a fear or concern and the hope
would be that it gets to a point where
you you build that level of trust with
that person that you love and then you
kind of forget everything and you just
openly trust that person and that's when
I think you found true love Wow and
there we have long-distance relationship
advice with Marcus I don't know if this
is interesting or insightful or
potentially helpful in anyone's scenario
or you just a nosy little and you
want to know more either way I hope you
enjoyed it give the video a thumbs up if
you did and let me know if you're
interested in me doing more things like
this in general not just on
relationships it's nice because it feels
like the podcast when I just sit down
with the mic yeah I know I don't have
another person but especially if I'm
answering questions directly from you
guys it's it's nice it's a nice I like
you do you like me good then give the
video a thumbs up that's my boy
impression right I mean in the video I
will see you guys soon
goodbye
