what inspired you to get into music who
inspired you to get I'm gonna ask loads
of questions what was the first time
when was the first time you picked up a
guitar you were as you could write a
song I have loads of questions I wanna
get through okay I was inspired
literally by Taylor Swift I was like you
know I don't just love stories the music
video in a wedding dress
acting out Romeo and Juliet's like
country pop song with a key change and
it like shook me to my core I was like
oh god okay and I was like poems and
 as a kid and then and could you
sing by the age of 10 but have you
started singing I wasn't good I was no I
wasn't one of them kids that were like
good at singing I sounded like a kid and
then we had like a really old keyboard
not even looks like a plastic thing I
like kind of picked up and started doing
and then I wanted to learn guitar
because previously I'd learnt flute
absolutely I was so bad and my sister
like Clara dad she was so bad that's
quite musical there to go the flute and
clarinet honest I always remember my
sister doing I just cried I was like our
mom is the recorder and yeah I picked up
a guitar actually good story no I picked
up my friends she lent me her guitar
there's like like nylon string kind of
cheap one but I started learning on that
and I bought it to school for a guitar
lesson and then I left it in the music
cupboard and somebody broke it mm-hmm
and I disaster it was disaster yeah I
fell really bad until I said to her like
and I'm hugely rich and successful I'm
gonna buy her which leads me into the
next thing because you have signed a
major record deal
sign a major publishing deal it's very
very exciting but how was that whole
process for you in terms of you started
making music on YouTube you know started
posting your original covers on YouTube
so old feeling a bit of background you
didn't do covers you just put up your
own original stuff which I think that's
what's so amazing about you is you never
went out to do covers you just like hey
I can sing and I can write my own stuff
and then that kind of develops and then
you go into meeting all these labels how
was that process was it nerve-racking
I'm not very nervous person I have this
excellent life motto
I just don't think about anything like
yeah just actually think about I think
does that mean you're always in the now
van if you're not thinking about
anything because normally when you're
thinking you're like oh I've got this on
the horizon well I wait to be recently
I've got a lot to do and so now I'm a
bit like more in the Finke mindset but
like definitely all that when you're
meeting people or doing meetings I have
especially with that little thing and
like gigs as well I'm just I'm just
literally a mile I just don't think
about it well it was kind of
counterproductive because as soon as you
think about not thinking it you're
thinking about it but I'm just not know
everything can I have this conversation
in my writing session the other day
because we were like talk about whether
we're a warrior and I thought I'm not
really good see I'm fine I feel like
we've got I'm in between so I am someone
who doesn't think about things until
about an hour before it yeah and then in
my head I'm like oh that things
happening that I haven't really planned
actually not normally very prepared
which is fine for most things but for
some things you do like for example this
I was like this podcast Assad which
actually it's fine but like if it was
something more serious I would have been
can I take you back so you said you
started
writing poetry and short stories and
things so what inspired you to do that
because that clearly shows that you've
got a creative kind of flow running for
you and you're saying that your family
what musical but maybe they were
creative I think my dad's drama teacher
of secondary school my mom was like a
journalist but I mean I guess I was I
right it was a huge reader when I was a
kid I like read everything like vastly
inappropriate but all the time I just
Mitchy
I really don't read that much anymore
about as a kid I was one of them and I
think I just thought it was like that
everyone did um and I guess my house was
like my parents you do encouraged me and
my sister be creative like she's really
good at art now as she used to make like
elephants so I guess it was kind of
encouraged but even my parents were
never at all like you should do this do
that like everything I did so I was in a
band kind of like to fill in the gap so
I was like Taylor Swift amazed he starts
writing songs and then I was in a band
like a couple my friends for a few years
and again like it wasn't serious but
like we did a lot of gigs and I put out
some music and everything and I will
never reveal the band name because it's
it on the Internet oh I need to see this
I might show you later yes I would never
ever well just like contractually yes I
did my parents anyway my parents were
never the sort they were like you should
do this or this they always just I do
everyone it's nice to have supportive
parents in that way rather than
necessarily pushy parents yes and even
with that nowadays I was up to you and I
do now they're like they're like
interested in living up to you but then
ever like they don't care in the same
way I know that other parents like
invest in their children's lives as if
they are their own they obviously care
but in a different way which is much
nice so sometimes they may be showing
that they're caring by letting you go
and do
we explore these avenues your mama's a
legend on the subject of songwriting
moving on from that I feel like in the
music industry there's a lot of people
who make songs and a lot of people might
not know the process that goes into
making a song so someone could just sing
a song but they might not have written
that song do you have an opinion on that
because coming from someone who you have
a craft and you write your own stuff and
you're really passionate about that do
you have an opinion on people who don't
do don't write their own stuff or or
pretend that they do write their own
stuff I mean there's like two first
thing is alright cuz I write my own
stuff and then I get to release my own
staff I'm really lucky because I get to
write it and then I get to put it out
and people I love that and I get to feel
that people like what amazing I think
I'm I'm a writer and I write a lot for
the people as well and I'd do songs at
pips and wainy and I'm friends with a
lot of like just somewhere is and I
think reason exactly been amazing I
think the past few years they've really
got the credit they deserve but I think
I would love and I will do this I am I'm
sure when I'm doing things I think
somewhere is so under credit change
because even if there are lots of ice
that are like credited it's writing
their songs and that's fair play to you
because they are involving that in the
room and it's their idea it's their life
not gonna have opinion on that but like
some why is this so like it's so
important like massive songs come out of
these writers who no one knows off and
that's a good reason because that you
know they write is an artist for their
own reasons but I think they don't
appreciate
yeah I think it is going I think I'll
get more appreciated maybe because I'm
kind of in the community more but
Spotify do stuff now with my ears like a
genius project thing I felt like it's
similar if you're also a producer
someone who produces the beats
beforehand a huge part of the song is
obviously yes music create I think
producers tend to get a little bit more
credit and the song writers yeah but I
mean so that's one thing I just
my friends to be credited more because I
think yes I'm important and then is you
don't write their own music because the
thing is we aren't doesn't write
anything I like
I love Rihanna and Rihanna is absolutely
necessary in life and in music and for
so many people and as an artist she's so
necessary I'm I don't care which is my
music but I think it's how you and no
one cares to rehab it is a very music
but I think it's is what it's what this
whole talk about as you are you know I
think why because the other day I was
talking about cardi B hmm we have my
producer friend because I am obsessed
with song be careful I think it's like
the best thing ever and I think it's the
best thing ever because lyrically hit so
close to home and everyone sing there
and it's like I think it's amazing and
then we were talking about how there's
debate whether she walks around staff I
think it doesn't bother me because
tweets their own like make what you want
and as long as you're doing it
positively and not harming anyone I go
for it but I think you know rappers like
singer somewhere is I don't love the
culture of like you know pretending you
right yeah that's one I understand that
you've you everyone feels involved and
also it's not I thought from a marketing
side it's not the best to be like I get
that really don't want to say that but
it's difficult ultimately I just think
maybe for you for an artist who does do
it themselves it's just more rewarding
when there is success because you feel
yeah I mean is this sorry I'm not in
this music kind of circle is this a
thing that people are pretending to
write their own songs
well actually I feel like more in like
yeah I feel like there's been from me
like I'm put music in in like seeing us
all my things saying us I'm like I know
cuz you either you write your not sing
somewhere um
pop music everyone it's actually a
special America puppies
and kind of UK as well we're actually
pretty good at being like that's the
artists
that's the writer respected the right
artist his chair like Julie / didn't try
she also didn't write the one about I'd
go I'm just she didn't and then
there was interviewed my really good
friend Lucy paws wrote it it's nice I
love this and then I took it in I did my
new thing and I think it actually it's
pretty good in pop music will everyone
has their roles everyone really respects
each other I don't know so much I only
know because I've always liked the Drake
beef that happen with that other guy yes
I know that's like goes right yeah but I
don't really know about I feel like I
don't know many people that shots fired
at Ray I didn't leave Drake alone this
happies being mentioned on this pub when
you listen to me come on come on
but no generally no I don't know that
many people though pretend they're just
there's not it's not like it's
necessarily pretending it's more like
like I will fall kind of by what you
don't specify maybe which isn't the same
thing
you
