what do you think vlogging do you think
vlogging going back to like daily
vlogging with kids and stuff like that
will have an effect on the children
because we're obviously in a in a place
in the YouTube world and society where
kids are growing up in daily vlogging
families where their cameras in their
face they sort of don't know whatever
what's they going to be like do you have
it well the answer is I don't know the
answer because we haven't got there yet
we are in a pioneer industry so it's not
like we can back and other examples we
are the first examples I am a little bit
worried about it and that is why I don't
film Darcy very much so I think that
when there's a baby you can't judge a
baby all babies are pretty much the same
they all do the same thank you yeah
they're just these cute little see
little things that like you know run
around very cute you can't judge a
toddler as a child grows into a child
and they start having a little bit more
like autonomy over their personality and
their characteristics shows I worry that
people could judge a child that's not so
I would but I think people do and they
might say all that child's not not a
reading level that my child is or got
that child's really annoying that's
really he's really loud she's really
quiet and so I make a conscious effort
to not really show a great deal of
Darcy's personality because that's hers
and what I would hate to happen is one
day for her to grow up and feel like she
had had so much of herself put out there
to a public she doesn't know about and
that they had judged her before she was
even aware that she was being judged so
I will include her in videos but it's
very very carefully edited and actually
quite contrived so I'll show her in
happy mood where she's got something to
say about a thing but I don't really if
you were to watch my videos you wouldn't
know Darcy and I'll do the same for
pearl as well at the moment as a baby
I'm quite comfortable to show lots of
her because she's just being a baby as
she
grows into a personality she'll be
pulled back as well because her
personality his is her own that being
said I don't judge any other parents
that film their children more than mine
or less than mine I think you have to
make your own love that covering all
I've never considered the personality
point I think that's really interesting
and like thing that I think weirdly
about is how that child feels when
they're older imagine when the child's
say 25 I'm not doing about Dorsett I'm
thinking more like a daily vlogging
family obviously we've seen awful things
happen in families on YouTube like Shay
Carl and all that kind of stuff yeah and
I think how might that affect the child
or what that child's 25 and imagine like
now if we are can go back and watch all
my childhood with my family or maybe
previous families or not to like make
the sad or anything my mum died 107 and
if I could go back and watch videos of
us I would just love that like I can't
remember what my mother's voice sounds
like like if if my mum was suddenly
alive is shouting Louise
I wouldn't know that was her so I would
absolutely love to go back and I'm
really happy to have all the footage of
my kids and when they go back I'm so
excited for them to watch like the
adventures we had and when I look at
like the Mitchell acts and I see their
videos I do them so tastefully
everything off that Grayson and oh these
are lovely that's really really nice I
know what you're saying because what
about when it all goes wrong but you
have to just hope that if you if you're
gonna make the decision to vlog every
day then you just have to hope does
Darcy ever want to watch back videos and
does ye look at the comments does she do
any of that always suggests watching the
videos lovely and also she locks herself
so what she doesn't know is
don't upload any of the footage but
she'll find my camera and she doesn't
know that it's not recording because you
can put our cameras on like that and I
can just see she thinks that's on so
she'll take the camera off and go into a
little flock so she absolutely she loves
watching them and the comments my
audience are just really kind have a lot
of really nice people plus I have
blocked a lot of keywords that are
negative so she would really struggle to
negative that's good what would you do
if she was like I don't know Mom
I want to be like you and I want to vlog
well she is like that and I say yeah
great that's caring like at the moment
I'm just lovely that's nice you got to
have another idea yeah and if you want
to vlog alongside it then you got my
blessing to help you you are a good
mommy
thanks I might not be cool but I'm a
good mom that's better than being cool
very cool and that's probably the most
important that she thinks you're cool
rather than cool yeah I don't actually
think he does right
so if say Darcy or pearl they are like
right the oddmund makes my full-time job
oh yeah youtuber what would your advice
be to them and to anyone else this thing
he wants to become a youtuber so exists
so many things to talk about but there
was one key piece of key advice that
really helped you yeah
what would that be it would I think well
I mean practical advice like sitting
near a window and make sure you have
decent audio but then also as far I
would say keep your integrity
make sure you've still got that and
everything you do make sure you're doing
it for the right reasons I the only
thing up if I was in the same position
would be I would try and hold back for
as long as they were because I think we
still change so much even when I look at
what I was doing when I was 20 I'm still
yeah but you do like stupid things that
might embarrass you later in life yeah a
lot of my earlier videos I have put on
private like over 200 200 oh yeah just
were you daily vlogging back then no I
was just putting up like a lot of sit
down chatty video
oh so awful so many of them you've both
so vlogged either daily weekly and and
been in relationships and showing
relationships and things like that how
do you deal in terms of like people
commenting and people were speculating
when you're thinking about what to and
what not to upload in terms of your
relationship what's the mindset there -
well I think the first time so yeah I
was in a long-term relationship that was
married and I didn't really think about
it I didn't think that it would end and
unfortunately did and I'm very happy but
now I'm a lot more cautious and I don't
really share people know I'm in a
relationship and you know if Liam walks
past in the background I won't be like
oh no I've got to redo that bit and or
edit him out like he can be around but
he's not in my show so it's the Louise
show and Liam is not really he's not in
the cast of that but I don't just sit
down videos with him
I don't sort of ask him to have a talk
in a video would be part of it and
that's for two reasons one is I just
really enjoy kiemce that private and I
just don't want I don't I'm not looking
for anyone's comment on that and also
I'm always going to be like a little bit
scarred and a little bit scared then it
will come to an end because I've
experienced that before and it's very
painful when that happens but then to
have everybody watching you as well is
is much harder
so I think it does change you and that's
sad that you can't go into something
like you know really excited like
jumping in like a puppy and you'd soar
you tread carefully but I think that
that's the same for everybody for all
parties I think it's very hard as well
in the age we live in that you can still
see past relationships online so if I
wanted to I could go back and watch you
know videos when I was happily married
or if I really want to do I could go and
see like what ex partners are doing now
because even ones that aren't like doing
it for a job still have social media but
back in like 40 years ago or 30 or 20 or
even 10 you just sort of got on and like
yeah out of sight out of mind so I think
it's definitely harder and it's made
harder when people comment but the
debate is if you put your life out there
do you have a right to tell people not
to comment and I'm not sure I do
I choose to say come into my life and
support me in the things I want you to
support me in but now I'm telling to
shut up I don't think it I think that's
something I struggled with is because
yeah I dative logged and there are
obviously positive spoken so many times
I don't before positives and negatives
of daily vlogging yeah breakups
obviously are one of them people looking
in on your relationship but you have
opened yourself up to you know so how I
look at it now it's def is it's like she
is also a public figure in her own right
but I never feel like I have to do stuff
of her by what I post of her is
genuinely I'm genuinely happy like I
just want to spread put out there I'm
not trying to gain no not even that
what's the word not an affirmation from
other people validation I'm not trying
to gain validation from anyone but it's
just I am happy to put this out of me
but the person that you love is Debbie I
love you
