yo beautiful sexy people look so dark in
here looks like you can't even see
anything behind me Cory Gus tonight's on
so we're just gonna go with it 23
youtubers who almost died but live to
tell the tale you guys probably know a
lot of time youtubers exaggerate things
I mean you get it on titles you get it
in tweets in everything and this is
gonna take me show you an example of I
think a scenario like a normal scenario
and then how a youtuber sees that
scenario yeah kind of makes sense first
one Starbucks employee I forgot your
straw oh my god give me one sec youtuber
story time my Starbucks barista had
Alzheimer's I think that was quite funny
number 2 spider on the floor youtuber my
home was invaded Chipotle employee puts
cheese on vegan burrito bowl youtuber
Chipotle employee tried to poison me
yeah I can imagine that youtuber stubs
toe youtuber in story time my foot got
amputated three question marks
exclamation mark a summation huh
you always know if there's a title with
a question mark like quitting YouTube
question mark they're not doing it so
don't if you're thinking huh are they
they're not just saving you some time
there if there's not a question mark
they're either being very cheeky or
there's some serious shit going down
colleague do you want to come for drinks
off the work youtuber my stalker
coworker in story time soju gal I think
you guys get it but it's like if this
youtuber was having a story time like
sharing their stories
uber driver hi is your name youtubers
next video
uber driver tried to steal my identity
story that's quite funny accidentally
bumps into someone in the hallway
youtuber story time the time I was
assaulted and almost viciously murdered
pregnant lady bumps into shoulder pardon
me youtuber story time his baby mother
wanted to fight me question my isolation
that's funny laughing cuz all of these
are like believable like I can imagine
the daily vloggers titling their videos
of these doctor how have you been
youtuber hit on by my doctor reading
this amazing actually wanted a story
time video cuz I've got some funny
stories to tell you guys uber takes from
turn YouTube Hoover driver kidnaps me
that's my favorite one so far
school bell rings teacher wait I want to
finish this explanation just five
minutes Yugi I was Howard hostage
that's our beauty part friend I went on
vacation to Mexico it was fun I got
bitten by mosquitoes though you tuber my
friend gave me the Zika virus police
hey this party a little loud y'all can
y'all keep it down please
youtuber I was arrested and interrogated
by the police
teacher bends over youtuber my teacher
was a porn star this a bit stupid but
funny landlord hey rent is due tomorrow
will you have the money my land no it's
not my landlord is stalking me that
should be landlord threatens to throw me
out that's what I should be plane lands
pilot on loudspeaker sorry folks
doors will be open in ten minutes
youtuber American Airlines kidnapped me
a bit there's a lot of kidnaps yeah I
don't know if that means you tubers say
kidnapped do they mailman
pets dog youtuber UPS stole my package
and killed my dog yeah some of those are
really funny some fight money some not
funny but I just I think it's a funny
example as it goes to show how youtubers
exaggerate on things because not even
youtubers just media outlets anything to
that needs you you physically you as a
person needs to engage with you someone
is going to try their hardest to get
your attention focused on whatever it is
they're selling or providing to gain
more viewership or whatever and that's
why obviously people do it but there's
also very funny moments like some of
those examples but yet nice for real
they're all just scenarios which a lot
could be very true so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video give it a thumbs up
if you did and I'll see you tomorrow
with another video goodbye
