what do you think about YouTube your
opinion on YouTube know your opinion on
youtubers people like me what you choose
culture YouTube culture obviously we're
gonna get into it but you've obviously
got this influence of character you
create really an but you know what is
you two how do you feel about it
YouTube has completely changed the world
and I have nothing but complete
admiration for it as a thing and there
are some incredible people who do
amazing things on it but much like TV or
radio or any medium there are yeah
so and as I said as we mentioned earlier
that I love taking the piss out of
things and we both write so that that's
big and and you life is too short not to
find things funny and I find a lot of
things on YouTube really funny and I
find a lot of stuff just funny and I
sort of I look at some youtubers who are
really young and I I despair because and
I'm thankful that YouTube wasn't around
when I was 15 because that would have
been me you're just not sometimes you're
just not ready to say thank or not even
when you're 20 yet etc and I feel like a
big issue in the YouTube culture is
these younger kids growing up 15 16 17
they have access to this platform and
then all of a sudden you know if they
blow up they have access to money
instantly and this massive
responsibility where there's no one
there who can really because it's a new
medium there isn't anywhere anyone there
can really say look yeah you maybe
shouldn't do this you shouldn't do that
and the only way they sort of learn is
by usually up that is a problem
and then there's no but the problem is
some of it sometimes the problem is that
I've been very lucky that I have
producers and I have some amazing people
helping me through stuff and everyone is
better when you've got a few brains on
it and you've got like maybe I don't say
it like that but reversion the game into
this and actually a lot of YouTube
creators would benefit from someone just
being like actually you've got you've
got something there but you could just
work that up in something a bit
finally we're saying this every day when
we say it all the time - I don't know
say all the time how a lot of the
biggest channels and platforms in the
world get you know crazy numbers but if
you were to look at the team surrounding
them you know one person two people one
yeah a lot of those people are usually
yes people who you know have got the job
from whatever and there's no sort of
controller structure and we go back to
the Logan Paul thing but all of that
happen because you're just in this
immersive world of hype and crazy
numbers crazy money yeah totally no
one's there to just drag you back now
beer actually you know that's that's not
a good idea yeah you need people to tell
you you're being awful you need some
people just to say that is actually
terrible and you need to redo that or
don't say that because that is offensive
and this is why expensive no one's born
with that all the knowledge you need to
go through life you you need people to
tell you along the way I've talked to a
million people about starting my radio
show all the people that I've come
across over the years I've been doing
radio all the old bosses I've had all
the old producers every night help me
how can I make it really good what would
you think blower so you need to you need
to look out and you only get better from
learning it's much better to learn in a
room of small people that you trust then
millions of people telling you who maybe
don't have your best interests but
creatively YouTube is a well the
Internet is an amazing place to create
things and I've really embraced certain
aspects of it I love doing stuff online
I love I've always loved doing little
videos and bits and funny whatever's
I've always loved that kind of thing I
think it's just all about using it
wisely and a load of people do and
that's brilliant my my problem with
everything and it goes across the whole
media world is when you abuse your you
abused your position just to flog
to people who sort of a worship you and
I think that's a real a real misuse of
trust between you and your audience I
try very very hard not to just
force-feed people stuff I'm trying to
flog the thing I'm trying to flog is
that I do a radio show and it's funny
and I want you to come and listen to I
suppose and I'm lucky in that respect
that is my job but it's got to be a
balance
of hi guys just done a lush haul and
here's some bath bombs it's bit like Oh
May is that that's not yeah least bit
entertainment is the opening so yeah
it's strange how like kids now people
were becoming youtubers so young
influences so young they were
essentially raising a generation of
salespeople
yeah we've said that before logging
she's blogging stuff and it's it's greed
based and fame hungry and that's that's
what I'm personally just opposed to I
love people being creative and coming up
with fun stuff like a prank or an
interesting format that you might have
done on your chat that's that is great
of course that's brilliant you're you're
like you're expanding your brain and
your horizons and trying stuff out but
if you're doing it for the ends of I
just want to be rich and I want yeah of
course that's the worst outsets how on
it the only thing I can say in defense
to that on their side is I guess that a
lot of them don't have you know like
when someone does this thing as a hobby
and they're like oh my god I can I can
get paid for this there it goes straight
to the head and they're like yeah but
another thing I was gonna say there's a
lot of the time a brand is so particular
about their foes it's very rare you get
a brand that's quite on board to do yeah
fun stuff so I guess to people who
aren't in a position where they can earn
advertising revenue off their videos and
they're they're kind of keen to go yeah
but oh I get it I understand why
everyone does everything they do
it's just personally me watching it I
just go wow that's it's so blatant
you're not even trying to make a joke
out of this you're literally just just
flogging you're just flogging some of
them statistic all floggers oh my god
I'm a YouTube vlogger well if you had a
YouTube channel yeah which I would have
done if I I mean I probably should have
done but I I would have I got so wrapped
up in doing my radio show but I
definitely would have done it if I mean
I sort of did but I'd started put with
my videos on radio ones YouTube Jack
white when we had Jack Whitehall and he
said the exact same thing if he you know
it was a few years younger when he grew
up he thinks he would have also started
on YouTube and news day as his platform
to solve well it's an outlet isn't it
and that you just need a mobile phone to
do it yes it is brilliant I I think
probably I would have done a podcast
that's that I would have done that as
well because they are I mean they are
brilliant to get your to learn about it
and to do interviewing techniques and to
create little worlds that was always my
favorite thing I I probably would have
done a YouTube channel but I've
definitely have tried to create or
recreate that feeling of being in a club
of radio listeners with a podcast
Stephanie on YouTube I don't know I'm
sure you are aware there's a trend at
the moment where everyone is boxing
everybody else we joked about a year ago
say where is you two going was districts
people were making districts about each
other but it was clearly like the
YouTube is doing it we all knew in on
the joke event I know the reason they're
doing to say so those are like trends in
the YouTube world
do you have trends in the radio world
but like you don't like my pet peeve
sort of thing very good question I don't
don't think I do
there are certain types of radio that I
don't like I don't I don't like a
presenter being sort of silenced and
given ten seconds to talk every 30
minutes I think that's a waste of human
life because there are some incredibly
talented people all around the country
who are sort of put into a tight format
I don't think there are any
I don't like radio shows where you feel
left out I think that's the other thing
as a listener or as a yeah as a listener
if you're feeling like you're not part
of it or you're not invited or it's like
too cool for you I don't like that and
that's actually something that I do
really love about YouTube is that people
feel like they are in an immunity
learning community and they're connected
the person they go and watch and that's
very similar actually to radio so
although that might seem like I'm I take
the piss out of everything that that
same that that connection you have with
your audience is quite similar to the
radio and that they come back to you and
they sort of trust what you say on
things and they come to you because that
you make them happy or whatever so
that's really nice and I like that about
radio I like the inclusivity of it I
don't like it when it's a group of
people who think they're funny just
trying to out funny each other and it
just gets a bit tiresome and actually
that's big that's when they forget about
the listeners and when you for about
just watching people jostling for the
limelight but I think radio it's best is
when it's it's for everybody and for the
excuse me there was a small burp with
such birds with hash tag back to it oh
my god hashtag vlogging but I think it's
really um it's awful when you hear a
show which is just being broadcast like
listen to me I'm the best
and actually I prefer shows that allow
you to be part of it
you
