hello beautiful sexy beep oh we're
finding out today how much of an awkward
person are you I'm not that awkward I'd
like to think although I hate small talk
so I become very awkward when it's like
small talk
other than that I don't think I'm that
awkward let's find out check off all
that apply within the last 30 days have
you had no come back to an insult no I
can think of mutually quite good we've
come backs made eye contact through a
bar from stool how did you make eye
contact through is that a stool I mean
that's obvious American so from a
cubicle is that when you're like you've
got a hole the little line and you see
someone I don't have that told a joke
and forgot the punch line halfway
through not really a joke but I've had
it when like I hate wow I had a really
funny dream and you start telling it and
then you're like actually this isn't
really very funny that's happened to me
the last eight days but obviously not
pushed on the pool door do that every
single day every single day pulled on a
push door every single day waves it's
how much you feel what you need but did
them yeah that happened I was having
lunch the other day I was sat there at
window see someone's walking part on the
street in there like I was like oh hi
obviously the person he works there
standing behind me isn't it told away to
you too after they said enjoy your meal
mmm have I done that in the last I've
definitely done that before don't put
them in the last 30 days so hug someone
for a little too long mm probably but
I've also been the person who's like let
go and the other person hasn't in your
life forgot the names of song you just
met if there was one thing I wish I
could improve on in my life it would be
this because it happens far too much you
will enjoy a room and it's a hi I'm John
hi I'm Bob hi I'm mark and you're like
five minutes eh I'm like I live common
warm person's name when people are
saying their names to me it just doesn't
just yeah I'm really about it broked
about tip about a bow tip instead of
about it nope
what's your movie with your parents that
had set that had a sex end mmm
not much oh yeah that's obviously
happened just not in the last 30 days
tripped up the stairs
every single day tripped over your own
fee every single day tripped over
nothing every single day you guys know
I'm a very clumsy person when it comes
to my like body movements I drop things
a lot and I trip over a lot of things
fallen asleep in an inappropriate place
I'm not usually one who come for time
really jazz for those people who can
just sleep anyway I get on a plane and
you can just let it sleep in Alfie does
it all the time sees in the weirdest
positions where you can just sleep
anywhere I wish I could do that left the
bar from with the toilet paper cleaning
to part of you how do you do that if
you're talking about public bar from
maybe I've had that very structure foot
know in the last 30 days though had a
child make fun of you
nope thoughts always asking a question
but realized they were just talking on a
blue talking on a Bluetooth that sounds
so old-school
do people still do that like it became
the thing like five years ago everyone's
like all Bluetooth headsets but I swear
no one really does that anymore have
people sing happy birthday while you
were forced to sit there like House
member left in the last 30 days is my
birthday in the next 30 days though make
sure you remember that because I want
some presents called the wrong person
mum walked into a glass door slash
window yeah last 30 days no no no answer
awkwardly side hugged a person what's a
side hug like ha I love you probably
yeah
had your stomach growled in his silent
brother every single day he had to
attempt conversation with the dentist
while they had their hands in your mouth
yeah I have actually
in the last 30 days so it's something
you thought was funny then realized no
one was laughing again it's like the
dream scenario and you sit there and I
start you tell this story things really
funny it just frustrates me because it
is a funny story but sometimes you just
can't explain that and it's really hard
to explain how funny it was and you
always just end it with no you had to be
that serious how funny it was seeing
someone you know in the grocery store
and then seen them in the next aisle and
the next aisle and the next aisle
no made eye contact with a couple
sucking face in public
no done something weirdly sexual and
accidentally made
yeah knowing that I'll stay today's but
yeah of course talk to someone in the
bathroom no accidentally rubbed hand
while walking next to someone yeah I've
done that not with anyone like
completely random like done that with
Matt when we were just walking on oh
that was yeah that was nearly a hand
touch there said hello to someone but
they didn't hear you and kept walking
I never say hello I kind of start with
like their name I had it on a plane
actually I was on a plane like how many
seats behind as I maybe like four rows
behind the person I need to speak to
finca what's going on with Alex it's
just like Alex
you hope they hit they don't Alex a
couple of us are looking at you like
right one more time got to go for it if
she doesn't look it's really
embarrassing Alex doesn't look everyone
else look at your life I had to smile
and say yeah after not hearing what
someone said she yeah you then realized
they are asking a question because
they're like I live you said yeah showed
up way before your friends to move your
restaurant you know had to meet small
talk with the person giving you a
haircut I like my hairdresser when when
Iced have a complete breakdown Mars
right
nope said these words what a party no
gotten stuck in something no had to go
on a long walk with someone you only
kind of know nope had your friend leave
the room and leave you with their other
friend so these are so detailed I'm
trying to analyze my past 30 days like
in so much detail with this had no idea
what to do a little walking yeah it's
usually in summer though like when
you've got a coat on like cord just put
my hands like in the coat pocket when
you're just a t-shirt on my oh my hands
are funny aren't they it's about food in
someone's face yeah how difficult you
trying to figure out yes which I to look
at on a person and midway through
conversation sometimes like wow they
they notice I'm only looking into one of
their eyes or should I now look between
both their eyes walked in the wrong
direction
try to turn around or paint it cool yeah
it's like you stop and you like you
think but you you realize you've gone
the wrong way and you stop and you like
right people looking at me so I'm gonna
make it look like I'm thinking like mm
should I should I go um yeah all right
I'll go okay
probably laughed out loud to the point
where everyone stared at you yeah
I've sent Lee worn the same outfit
someone else or someone store for
different sizes and rows they didn't
work there no but someone asked me that
this month in the last 30 days confused
a fist bump with a high-five no confuse
a handshake with a hug yeah a lot of
times we were like I lied yet and you
just end up hugging sent a text to the
wrong person
yes I exactly swung your hand in
someone's crotch while walking next to
them no that's one time I sent my riding
public transportation yeah you know yeah
literally just existed no show me my
results
you checked 24 out of 62 on this list
you're pretty awkward hey life is
embarrassing and you know it what is
life without this precious awkward
moments anyways mum oh I just
called you mum haha there we go we found
out I'm a little bit awkward which is
kind of what I said are you an awkward
person though let me know I hope you
enjoyed the video give it a thumbs up if
you did and I'll see you tomorrow moving
on one goodbye
