yo what's up beautiful sexy people if
you're wondering why I'm always wear my
glasses moment it's because I am waiting
to have laser eye surgery which you may
have already seen the video by now you
may not have not sure but bay CA you'll
watch the video and you'll find out but
you can't wait contact lens for a week
so therefore mine me glass says alright
and I'm rockin the old purpose tool
match oh oh oh
anyway welcome back to a try not to
cringe use your favorite video spell
because I just like cringing at people
really I'm going to apologize now for
any weird banging's and soaring 'he's
going on there some building work is
happening around this area and there
ain't nothing I can do about it
here we go how to eat a Waterman shoe
took oh god how dear watermelon
watermelon students today I'll be doing
a tutorial on hello Waterman what
students see right here we have one
serving one serving of watermelon one
serving is a 1/2 manager one serving
isn't it watermelon and the way he says
Waterman I probably would prefer the
seed pretty good well you know about the
seed cut better but this thing's pretty
good supposed to eat watermelon with a
fork do they oh just just in case you
didn't know a fork looked like here you
go and the blue Carter has long been
trying to force us to use dangerous
folks when we eat is this going to leave
it work cartel many years ago sort of
brainwashed two people into thinking
they're supposed to eat a watermelon
with a fork just in an attempt to sell
for how many people buying watermelons
like that the whole Fork cartel were
like what are you talking about is
that's what's been inside guys just in
case you weren't aware now the correct
way best way is you just chop it and use
your hands you begin by placing my some
mixtures that
I'm telling you now that spoon you gotta
flick you up shit everywhere watch in
diameter why do i specifically keep
struggling a bit laughs oh he's really
really struggling in there
majored at one in 1516 what is 1 and 15
6 inches diameter who measures when
they're eating a watermelon now I
certainly don't look at water in ago oh
hang on a minute
am I getting one in fifteen sixteenths
of this watermelon if I'm not I could be
missing out on some vital juices oh it's
got bands there hasn't he's added in the
annotation me on a date with a lovely
lady what a lad
I hope there's got you a couple of dates
buddy I will be adding some extra
ingredients later on oh you not that you
crazy cat eye icon why is this video 9
minutes oh it is it turning into smiley
face that way he's going with at least
he has nice eating habits very polite
you know each of his mouth shut I like
that about you you know I like that I
was going on a date with him oh he's
talking as if he's in the army you're
eating fucking watermelon okay finishing
Matt okay and you're teaching her
grapefruit oh is this like fruit who's
who's paying if I was like right guys
I'm putting on a class I'm gonna show
you how to eat an apple but you have to
pay five pounds per person to come along
would you come along no of course you
were there because I believe every man
should get grapefruit it when you crave
which a man is when you grapefruit your
man what the fuck is being great for it
am I being pranked here what's she
talking about something someone fucking
someone at the same time I'm very
confused as to the pot linked to certain
someone off right now now what you're
gonna do is you're gonna put a hole in
the middle of the grapefruit
approximately the size on
well put a hole in the grapefruit
there's proximately size of your man's
penis all you want to do is make a nice
hole is this like DIY home fruity cock
ring now when you grief with your man he
has to be blindfolded when you
grapefruit your man he has to be
blindfolded
what is this turned into what am I
actually what I'm watching porn here I'm
legit loss for words I please don't take
any of these techniques away and you
know what I just watch it on okay on
that note I'm gonna end the video here
so give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
i base on that i'm not gonna do any
fruit classes so don't worry about that
and i'll see you tomorrow with a less
fruity video all right love you guys bye
