my favorite food that I'll miss in the
jungle is the banoffee pie that I made
the other day that is sitting in my
fridge right now
the next Bush took a trial is coming up
now unfortunately due to circumstances
outside of camp
Jack has had to withdraw from the shore
I'm a celebrity where to start like
there's so many things that how was
firstly the experience of obviously
going from YouTube yeah and then moving
into a show like something like that
there is one of the most watched shows
in the country so let's talk about
before the bats until I'm going you up
then the experience was the most amazing
experience I've like ever had so we kind
of knew that this year they wanted a
youtuber yeah that's the first year we
want a youtuber it's going on I'm a step
so stop no
now I have to decide if I want you
actually what cuz like that's really
what you want to do that think about if
you get to the end you're in jungle for
three weeks surrounded by the worst
things yeah art for me I don't think
that would be the biggest thing think
about that would obviously be one big
thing I think the other thing is it's
like that would change your life in the
public eye
oh yeah that would change you now
walking down to a coffee shop and like
grandma coffee versus everyone being
like oh yeah it's like three weeks if I
win
yeah opens up a whole load of what you
like amazing that the winners always
golf do loads like presenting stuff and
I was like who knows what it would do
for my youtube I was obviously thinking
I like that mindset going in you're like
me if I'm going in like they have a a
decent social following but maybe not
once quite as English so that I could
work in my favor but really that's just
like a droplet of watering like the
oceans of people that 14 million people
watch it day I've gained a fairly fairly
good following would that be in the
thousands yeah I think the only thing I
can relate to of that is when so Alfie
and I did stuff with Saturday night
takeaway which is like similar sort of
audience similar sort of viewership and
it's like same thing we have like our
engaged audiences who come and like
support yeah but when you're put in
front of like seven million people who
don't know you I am myself and YouTube
but I'm still I'm not like feel like
you're switched on by the cameras on of
a camera at a high-end very nice and I
was thinking I thought I could do that
24/7 around the camera for sure
in there I did I was quite comfortable
in that but I was you know I wasn't
thinking about kind of the bad things I
knew things I had like tweet before and
I knew that we delete them way before
that the day I signed up to certainly oh
I did all those sweets then got deleted
because I knew something would cover
them basically every three I've ever
done I went delete all of them because
you know we knew there were - yeah but
youngmee doesn't I was about to say now
kind of what so ever I even looked them
up that like some stupid kids if it was
even me I was I was going if you think
like in your defense I would say that
when you think of like when you first
set up Twitter and stuff like that yeah
you are not like I was using Twitter as
I was using my personal facebook and
like exam I look back at the cringy
stuff I've said on Facebook it's like oh
your memories so now it's funny so when
so when you went in in the back of your
head were you like you cuz in your head
you'd removed that from happening
basically all I was thinking was
something's gonna come out I've already
come out before yeah I was like things
just gonna resurface and that's fine I'm
fine with that I can take that
embarrassment I've been through it the
first time which was definitely the
worst I can I can take it now when was
the first time if you don't mind I mean
like when we started becoming big on you
yeah like just kind of like around
things have popped up a couple of times
portion but as I'm not I mean I am
embarrassed and I didn't I regret that I
was like I yeah yeah of course of course
so I have apologized about it before and
I will do it again
sure it's all just thinking that that's
gonna happen but fine whatever it's I'll
do it can't deal with it but I had to
get like like those that PR people
before I went in as well no dude affair
loads of stuff happen with like storms
in like Zoey yeah
their previous Suites yeah FML and they
made it a big thing about youtubers
because Zoe it's not just Zoe yeah
whenever whenever something bad comes
out about someone it's like oh you're a
youtuber you're involved in it but that
set off the stream didn't there and that
set off like oh I'm gonna go and
let's try and now find like find off by
everyone oh look at that oh yeah oh
there's another YouTube oh and he's
going on the biggest show in the country
let's find everything we can about this
guy so the day the live well the day the
show started the exact editor of The Sun
did it tweet years ago I've got some
stuff basically and Jackman and I find
out tonight what it is my men like mind
and you wear like you do not have
contact with alien like so you'll have
no one for having for a week that's
gonna be so website oh no I like to
think they'd kind of but they priam you
yeah preempted yeah you know what ones
exactly and then yeah like the tweets
kind of came out I need any put them all
out there and it made a big thing about
me so it was like boom first day but how
those in the first day the day this show
started
how do you think that happens there in
terms of like this got the guy from the
Sun like how is he getting that stuff or
how's he knowing that supposedly again I
found this kind of when I came out
supposedly someone sent it to him
so the thing is for that to happen and I
mean it is possible but someone could
have some when I'd read that would have
print screened it yeah as if like they
had a vision that the Oracle
that's gonna do so quite well and I'm
gonna ruin it for him pretty much so
someone yeah obviously printing from
years ago is when I was in 2011 its we
house seven years ago yeah I was in
school yeah yeah so that that happening
just cause like a big kind of world
and then obviously how was it but how
was it like when you're in the like at
what point was that you were made aware
of in this age of night at what time in
a gym no idea was going to people you
don't know what they're making a lot of
small talk yeah there's a lot of sitting
around and at this point it's like I
want to go home thinking how am I gonna
do this for three weeks and I haven't
even had to do anything bad yet I have
left the jungle in Australia which is
where I was before this to be honest I
just want to start off with that I'm
sorry I'm just really really sorry
did you have a contingency plan for this
like in the eventualities what this
happened was they in place
never thought this yeah like I kind of
had like you know I like I said I'd
these things to come up for apologize
about them before and it was just I
apologize you don't you when you're
going in you don't have that vision of
going oh this is gonna make mainstream
media press I'm gonna be on front page
of newspapers and well I was like you
know mainstream it I think we all knows
mainstream media do not like you do care
about how did you do it like the week
after so you're back in the UK and
everything did you just go to hotel grab
my stuff made that flight it's gotta be
like the worst flight I gotta get to the
hotel I got my phone that's when I call
my manager probably have a proper chat
of them and I kind of like a debrief
they've put my mother I've got leaving
like I had like an hour in the room and
then I was a flight back to London it's
not my birthday but I remember like a
nutless like a bad dream like it's just
one thing I know weird and then it's
real I had like 20 minutes left in the
room so I was like I still hadn't looked
to anything I saw I had messages from
all my friends I'm not gonna kind of
really yeah I called my brother because
I mean he was trying to call me he was
at once you've spoken to him and he's
like call me if you have time so I
called him and I was that kind of as
when I felt the worst
really low points that wasn't even cause
at least when I was in the French money
there's so much going on the hands I
focus on and think about like when I get
back and now we're over it's like the
emotions probably yeah he's like so like
gutted that for me as well and he was I
have you looked online I was like haha
batter and he was like no you should use
that everyone is that on your side that
I was about say feel like you had a real
like public support not when you thought
I'm crazy I hung up went on Twitter no
one who's like top moment when all this
stuff oh god they kind of explained what
it was I saw all the photos at the
tweets I was like why do I ever do that
that was wrong with me as I'm such an
idiot now I was looking at I mean I had
sleepy were like Katie Hopkins on what
side she was like she's like trust me
I've done some things you're an angel
she was on it I feel like my personal
view was it like how they treated you
was perhaps not very nice and the right
way to do it yeah I kind of yeah it and
I was very sorry for like what I did in
everything that I also felt like it was
because I was a youtuber that's when
they went to telling me because also
tweets had come out of that and I've
really wanted to say this that when I
got out but I didn't want you because I
didn't like about tweets that married
friends I don't affirm under the bar
I've been tweet so many tweets that they
done and they're like 25 yeah there's
almost like from you like why me way
worse than mine and I was like nestled
in there I think I think to sign up it
goes back to saying like what we do when
we're young we're stupid when
we're young yeah and you've already
apologized yeah yeah but but also like
to think the things we say it's like at
the time that's put on a platform where
you think it's just doing a people
messing about around school with yeah
and it's like I'll just kind of really
just I just think you know should my
action to when I'm 16 should I still be
like held accountable for them when I'm
should it ruin my life for the rest of
my life should I never get a TV job
again
because when I was 16 I said something
stupid I was like I bet if I looked what
every person on TV if I could see like
that if I had their phones well I mean
if they had torn some of that in when
they were that age the things they'd
have said would have been just as bad
you know it's kind of a completely even
like that doesn't say that doesn't
represent me now or at all yeah it's
different like the same with the 25 year
olds it's like you by the time you're 25
you're like fight you're a bit of a
mature I know your tweet so if I'd done
them last year or whatever it's a bit of
a different story I would agree that I
should not be on that if I was saying
things like that but yeah well it's
crazy cuz even like comedy writers when
they're doing stuff from a different
Asia in the 90s over notice when they're
writing you know really offensive things
even Little Britain and that's not that
long I mean there are some things in
that you're like wow you cannot say that
to that I don't know it's comedy well
what where's a line yeah I think what I
think it's because people were associate
youtubes with being like you are role
model and it's like your personality you
influence people and no I don't as well
you have no idea yeah so yeah it was
very strange kind of situation looking
back on that now like how do you feel to
feel like you've obviously I don't know
it's a crazy thing to experience that's
crazy do I need to go learn like a lot
like a lot a lot from it I you know wish
I could see I'd think about it but like
what would have happened if I didn't get
where like what I would be through now
you
