hello beautiful sexy people hello
welcome welcome to a clown video sorry
I'm not dressed as a clown but we are
going to be finding out what type of
clown I would be now obviously clowns
have been a craze right now everyone's
dressing out everyone's trying to kill
people and chop his hands off you
already done the reacting to shitty
clown pranks but today are we gonna find
out if I was to be a clown what would I
be and you guys can obviously play long
as well I didn't even realize those
different types of clowns until this
whole clown fad things come up anyway so
firstly you've got to pick some shoes so
for me those first choose these green
ones are like that's a stereotypical
clowns clown shoes aren't they I would
be quite stylish clown and I think these
are quite such the doc mark they look
like mine I think they all do lines I
mean green and green and yellow is
ranked red is right looks like you've
painted your school shoes red those are
like bowling shoes they're also bowling
shoes and those are probably the second
choice so their first choice pick a
place oh okay
well clowns should be in circus tents so
it shouldn't be in the bedroom they
shouldn't be in the woods you should be
in the circus okay not chasing people
what is the point of a clown
I remember having like clowns come
around at children's parties and stuff
yes they do magic some do yeah that's
why I love clowns are really annoying
actually because I was picturing them
now associating with horror and really
they're just friendly weird-looking
people I remember my kaftan magic don't
they like squirt water out of things and
stuff like they play practical jokes on
that yeah flat there you go on that
there look at that boom you know I'm
just wet clown conspiracy Ares okay
anyway so I mean I wouldn't be in the
sewer it's rank spaceships don't exist
what could have found me in Sephora
I guess buying new makeup I would be in
the wood
just because it's creepy isn't in the
woods well their bedroom now words pick
a scary movie here we go
scream not really scary the thin never
what's the thing I was about to say it's
a bit of crap name isn't it classic
horror yeah okay the ring I remember
watching that years ago and being mildly
scared
it follows never seen that the babadook
seemed that Blair Witch Project seeing
that happens in a new one though scream
is a classic isn't it it's not really
scary though I was friends with this guy
this like weird boy of a nice younger
and he was a year older than me not the
boy from story time another boy and he
used to like get all this like really
weird scary films and we just watch when
I was eight years old I all these au
teens and you just watch them like
secretly I would go babadook pick a
spooky song Ghostbusters how does that
go again Ghostbusters coupe what's
Monster Mash don't fear the reaper
what's that this is Halloween this is
werewolf bar mitzva okay don't fear the
reaper I'm not gonna make up a sonic on
the same on a Googler now everyone knows
this song
so I'm going with thriller because
classic everyone knows thriller
pick a color black red purple what's
that Oh gray blue green
I mean classic clown I think of being
red I'm not going to do that I'm a nice
friendly clown who's lurking in the
woods I'm going nice light blue what
scares you the most the dark small
places needles death public speaking
clowns
actually oh no no just deaf deaf scare
you or anything yeah what if I die now
what is there after yeah that's scary
are you scared of the dark I used to be
small spaces yeah you know it's a bit
scary I think we're gonna put death nice
more here we go here is my result
you got a normal birthday clown you
don't think you're a creepy clown you're
just trying to bring a little joy to the
world but no matter how many balloons
animals you make people keep crying and
running away from you
what gives it's not easy being a clown I
do they do just look a bit weird don't
they I would love to know the backstory
of clowns but hey there we go
normal birthday count I'm happy with
that sorry this video ended up being a
bit round I'm going off into different
areas but hey I hope you enjoyed it
anyway give the video a thumbs up if you
did
I'll see you tomorrow with another one
all right love yet hey
