halli hello ich bin Marcus welcome this
demo areas videos no enemy in German but
this video is gonna be about Germans
Germany yeah if you didn't know I have a
German girlfriend surprise Oh to spend
quite a lot of time in Germany because
she lives in Berlin and I kind of split
my time between London and Berlin I've
kind of wanted to make a video on this
for a while now and just talk about some
of the slightly entertaining and funny
things that Germans German culture and
Germany has as a nation without
obviously being stereotypical or
offensive this is actually a very good
thing but Germans love and I mean love
to be on time they are some of the most
punctual people I have ever met and like
it is really great because you're never
late for a meeting whether you've got a
work meeting your meeting a friend then
never late they do the opposite to what
I do so when I go from A to B I sort of
plan it look at Google Maps whatever
route I'm taking to get there I use that
and just say yeah that's how long it's
gonna take me I don't count for any sort
of things that could go wrong that are
out of my control they do that they're
just never late
if you watch my my boner experience
video I mentioned that Germans like to
be naked now I want to address this a
little bit more so I've run to a couple
of swimming pool areas like that in
Germany expose etc and they like to just
be naked like they are completely
comfortable with being naked surrounding
themselves with other naked people and
engaging in conversations with those
naked people again I kind of am jealous
of that I'm not making fun of you I'm
just saying that is good that you can
stand there with your dick and your
stuff flopping about and have a
conversation with someone else who also
has a dick flopping about I can't I
literally can't do that but I'm in the
change room we're in a scenario resonate
people I just hide myself in a corner a
rapper tarah me and like discreetly try
and Dicker's up I just don't have that
confidence to the point of I was in said
sauna one time there it was with my
towel wrapped around me and I was in
between two men who
maked nothing sexual going on I was just
sat there they were having a
conversation but like they were talking
about dinner tonight they were talk
because we were in a hotel they were
talking about what time their table is
what was on the menu tonight and all
this stuff I was just sat there and
they're just like dicks were out and all
about and I wish I had that confidence
but the other thing is they tend to get
a little bit annoyed if you don't get
naked that's where it's like whoa
because I I get it like if I'm in a
German area and that's the culture you
obviously want to try and fit in and
stuff but it's like ah I just don't want
to mm just do it what your guys thoughts
on that being naked in sparse and
situations I mean look at make it sound
like they love being naked everywhere
they go they absolutely don't it's just
as soon as they step in that soon oh
fuck it clothes are gone they love and I
mean love bread I mean who doesn't love
bread bread is amazing but Germans serve
bread with every meal and it's quite
typical I think or used to be typical
for Germans to have a sandwich for
dinner which is great I mean everyone
loves bread yeah just thought it was
interesting how much they actually do
love their bread still water doesn't
seem to be a thing over there ever is a
thing but it's not like the norm the
norm over there is sparkling mortis
whenever you ask for a water you'll
usually be served water with gas
carbonated fizzy water I have been to a
few places in Germany where I've asked
for a still water and they're like
ceremony got sparkling which is fine I
am actually a avid sparkling water
drinker I do prefer my sparkling water
over my still water if I'm going to
choose between one of them as someone
who prefers drinking sparkling water
that's great for me but if you go there
and you feel like a lot of English
people hate sparkling water you're in
trouble
Germans sort of set an amazing example
with recycling it's so enforced in
society over there and everything set up
really well for people to be able to do
it easily will have incentives to do it
for example if you collect your plastic
bottles and you take them to your
supermarket you can return them for a
small amount of money I can't remember I
have to put it on here I think it's like
five cents a bottle or something like
that so you literally see people walking
around the streets with like massive
bags or boxes or bins or
putting plastic bottles in there then
taking it to a supermarket which is
great again it's amazing I wish we had
that just just a quick one when it comes
to their roads it's really funny like
when I first went to Germany I was
really excited about the Autobahn and
going on this mysterious road but
there's no speed limit it's gonna be
fucking crazy not to put it down or
anyone's dreams we're going to Germany
on the Autobahn it is like any other
Road any other motorway you go on except
you can't drive fast in certain areas
with no speed limit which is very cool
the reason I'm saying this is because
they seem to love roadworks in Germany
and I mean love road I think
England's bad for roadworks and often
seeing things that just don't seem to be
getting done but Germany there are
roadworks
everywhere that always improving their
ways making it better for driving
experience which is great because you're
gonna have better roads but also
annoying because you're always stuck in
those like driving camera areas where
you can only go you know I'm saying the
German language yeah one slightly
confusing thing when trying to learn the
language is they have four different
ways of saying you so in English if I
was like how are you guys doing over
there or someone says how are you and
I'm like how are you singular that we
just have you in multiple scenarios
Germans they want to make things
confusing don't they they have do so
it's like undo and you singular to
someone I know for friends like how are
you I go and do yeah which is like you
plural so it would be like you guys is
ear Z is you informal so if you don't
know someone where you've met someone
for the first time you would say Z
rather then do really confusing right
and to make it even more confusing they
like to just throw in an extra Z so Z is
just plural in general that's cool
really that's that's easy to learn all
right depending on your age watching
this in the UK we can pretty much do
anything we want on a Sunday in terms of
we can go to restaurants we can go
shopping when I was younger I feel like
I remember there being a change of when
things started to become more popular to
be opened on a Sunday in the UK
things didn't used to be open like shops
in Germany that still stands Sunday is
like a no-go day no shops no
supermarkets a lot of cafes and
restaurants are closed and coming from a
culture where that's become so normal to
there it's like it hits you in the face
when you forget something you're like oh
I'm just gonna own that someday
everything's shut I don't know if
they've stuck to it because coming from
a religious background and it's just
typically quite a family day in Germany
which is nice again it's really nice but
also frustrating if you forget to do
your food shopping on a Saturday or you
just want to do something sociable on a
Sunday it's a struggle on the subject of
language they don't like speaking
English whoa whoa would you be Marcus oh
my god I mean as a nation Germans are
very very good English speakers
especially sort of in our generation now
they've learned in school they watch
things in German so they speak very good
English and they understand pretty much
perfect English but they seem to be
really like a really proud nation and
they want to do everything perfectly
which is actually very sweet but they
kind of don't like to speak English
because they think that their accents
funny or they think they're worried
about saying something wrong and of its
Fe speaks that perfect English but when
I meet old friends and stuff a lot of
them are quite shy and speaking English
and they've opened up and spoken to me
about it that they don't like to do it
for that sole reason that they don't
want to be embarrassed by saying
something wrong and I'm like guys you
speak perfect English that like embrace
that don't be scared of it be much Barry
Mitchell I speak German is when I speak
German a lot of times I just reply in
English so when I go in order a coffee
or do you say no they just replying and
an English and I'm like all right
most of these things so far are just
light hearted observations like I said
there are a few frustrating things such
as Germany is sort of seen and known
around the rest of the world as being
quite a fast forward-thinking country
very efficient in terms of
technological advancements they create
some incredible cars all this stuff but
when it comes to like paying for things
Germans are very still in a cash culture
so it's quite hard to go somewhere and
pay for things with cards in a lot of
places in Germany you either have to
have cash or if they do have car
payments most of the time has to be a
German credit or debit card which makes
it difficult if you're a traveler also
who they're only just in in some places
in Berlin got like contactless payments
and it's like revolutionising culture
over there they're so excited I was like
oh we've got this we've got this for a
while guys come on what's going on you
just yeah you just happen coming from a
culture in our generation in the UK and
other parts of the world I feel like
we're growing up as a bit of a cashless
generation where we just like I rarely
have cash rarely carry it around I find
it annoying to like have change and
stuff I feel like we are moving more
towards just cards and wherever we're
gonna be in the future we just have
chips or like in our eyes or whatever
and my final note is a lot of people in
Germany struggle with patience I could
most definitely relate to this I am a
very impatient person and they hate
having to wait for things if something
goes wrong if something's slightly out
of time or they're made to wait for a
longer period then they're expecting few
shit hits the fan there's a lot of
huffing and puffing you know you have a
lot of people stand there like we kind
of watch doing all this and I mean I'm
also doing it too because I am an
impatient person but I feel like there's
quite a few of them in Germany that
compiles my list of entertaining things
that I have discovered about Germans and
Germany like I said I'm not trying to
cause offence that have caused offense
I'm sorry it was on a light-hearted way
I love Germans I love you guys ich liebe
dich and I love my German girlfriend if
you're interested more about my journey
through German and German culture I have
a series that is on this channel called
becoming German where I am
sharing my where I'm showing my progress
and journey to learning the German
language so you can understand that
check it out otherwise see you on this
channel soon that's it
good bye bye
