hello what's going on beautiful sexy
people we saw this video I've also seen
a lot of you in the comment section
saying things about this background and
like why I've seen just not like being
aggressive just so people are why you
filming down here and just a slight it's
much nicer to film down here then my
like little room upstairs which is
probably look at that little on the
video but when you've got two people in
there like all month when I travel all
my suitcases are in there it's just
quite squishy anyway to today's video
there has been a lot about clowns
recently around the world starting up in
America I don't know really anything
about this I haven't looked into this
yet I just know a lot of people are
talking about clowns and the video that
was uploaded yesterday everyone was like
please react to all the clowns have
please react to the clown stuff so lo
and behold I'm going to be reacting to
this crazy clown nurse clown
freakishness new police warning / killer
crown crap clown greater than an advert
is more positive clown signs inspired by
pranks in years have promoted police to
warn people not to cause fear and to
distress and distress to others so thing
what I initially knew about this was
there was just like I ain't gonna Philip
defranco's video he mentioned it really
really briefly and he said that there
was just this is before and hingle crazy
people were just dressing up in clown
outfits and people spotting them around
America think that's right please have
issued a fresh one after more reports of
clowns causing fear an upset across
Greater Manchester's this is obviously
the UK killer clown craze appears to
being inspired by terrifying pranks
involving knives in the US and has seen
a string of copycat incidents across the
country now police are warning potential
offenders they may be committing a
public order offence angry parents
blasted clown pranksters who reduce
children to tears
as they walk to school and in the latest
reported incident on Saturday police
blasted an idiot in a car wash he was
leaning out the van window and berries
shouting up at passers-by the van which
had distinctive gold mud guards was
spotted and report police in Whitefield
posted details of the latest Clarence
and on Twitter
they said idiot and Kyle Masterson
warning leaning out of white vans shaft
passengers scaring people for
entertainment isn't funny or clever
there have been numerous sightings
across Greater Manchester with social
media group claiming that five high
schools a little over less two minutes
it's too much claiming mentioned here's
a question are you scared of clowns the
clowns scare you
from what I think clowns like the idea
of clowns doesn't really scare me I've
been in those like Halloween night where
you go into a clown themed scary house
and there's clown scaring and of course
that's scary because there's clowns
running at you from all like corners of
the room in the pitch-black the I ducky
the clown was at the door I wouldn't be
like probably I hey that's Creon fucking
here's my words
oh shit
no that's not mean Steve out here in
Greenville
one o'clock in the morning no sir don't
think so they just standing there like
what's the point I don't understand that
the reasoning behind they're just people
sitting around when they drive to the
clown light bulb do something better
with your time we don't go in and
anything better to do on a Sunday then
go down to the shop dress up and sit in
front of you're driving a clown outfit
I agree same one at night and like
middle of the road is a little bit
creepy probably running towards the car
before then I look up then I see this
fucking clown running at the car holy
shit I mean yeah that clown is scary but
it's got like teeth hanging out and
stuff but getting in the car yeah yeah
you know doing the old praying gear in
there's you know hahaha but actually
causing people like genuine terror is
not really that funny
what was that game it's an attorney's
about the Warriors or something
are you fucking idiot but how stupid are
some people do you not be funny
these people do all these things take
the mask off their face and you'd
probably laugh at them like when they're
standing there doing this with their
arms you just be like oh look there's a
is a weird person that was looking at us
you okay rather than screaming cuz
they've got a mask on well there we go I
guess if we've learned anything from
today's video it is that Marcus doesn't
like clowns scaring people think they
look quite heated during that video and
if you're thinking of doing that don't
do it just just don't maybe funny the
first time but don't scare people be
nice yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
video you guys requested it so yeah if
you have other videos that you want me
to do obviously leave them in the
comments and hope you do as well
of an out seat open up video alright
