for people like me who are incredibly
awkward on camera right now okay I can
feel those guys over there how do you
guys think you stay like cool on camera
and not show like being awkward yeah I
always bring those from my hands I'm
always doing weird things when I was
presenting if it's actually this time
where you're meant to be standing still
you're gonna be doing your home so I
don't know I don't know I think just
natural I think for me is just very much
especially when i studying youtube is
all about like being myself and trying
too hard and not trying to act like
someone else because then you've really
gotta think about everything you're
doing whereas just when you're just
yourself it's easy this flare is just
it's just practice so if you look at my
first video fucking out it's like the
most awkward cream because I'm just sat
there like go to the camera but you just
become confident in yourself yeah you're
confident you do this and that's it East
Side YouTube he must recorded about ten
videos like practice hey that's smile I
didn't know you wanted to put it out I
feel good
I think he still has one of them and it
was literally funniest thing is the most
Awkward video he's talking about he's he
was kind of talking about that hot topic
so he's talking like Justin Bieber
saying was going on with him at the time
I can't remember exactly what he was
saying but oh it was so funny everyone I
want to see those when he's first
starting videos they just talk about
things in the news that you did it
didn't you
and I out facing those you know one
searching for my name isn't it well
where is segue into that nicely what
what do you think about YouTube at the
moment the current climber like what you
it's it's a strange place yeah I feel
like weird I feel like I don't know what
peep
right I feel like kind of America and
the whole LA side of YouTube is
completely taking over there apart from
JJ and the whole boxing thing yeah
that's why I say I feel like UK is a bit
dead at the moment in terms of right now
creating new stuff and it's like unless
there's drama fuelled I'm gonna we're
gonna have a boxing match because that's
popping right now yeah cuz I guess the
last UK thing was the whole like diss
tracks exactly that was the last thing
where the UK was kind of leading it was
drama fuel everything leads to
everything that we need a Shane Dawson
over here we need someone to kind of
take what's going on and move it on yeah
very good
yeah he's amazing but are you gonna
fight anyone soon who's that on the
cards I don't have any plans on
financing I'm not into the boys backs
they always are we're just fine on I'm
not I don't I'm not against it really
they're like a proper you know
opportunist yeah then yeah maybe I would
but I definitely want to fight another
night I deep down would you step in the
ring with Logan Paul I think about you
against your brother
I mean that would be an idea you might
find it's Josh fighting no he's not it
was that all a joke yeah he was he
supposed to be fighting just you always
try to make Josh and Mikey ever boxing
that ok ok cuz Mikey once gave it the
big in was Josh Josh
