hey howdy who'd he haha buddy b2b the BB
I have been sent this guy's channel
called Lee Fox
what he does is videos called YouTube
gender bender Marcus Butler as a woman
is what I'm going to watch looked on a
channel what he tends to do is gets
popular youtubers and changes their
gender haven't watched one video yet so
I don't know what it is and I've left it
open to that so that we're gonna see
what it's like together I'm very
intrigued it has good thumbs up as well
so it's not like one of those things
that pretends to be good and isn't good
I'm quite intrigued just to see how this
is gonna go so their style play okay
okay very good photoshop skills I'm
guessing what's he doing here it's to
kind of like oh wow okay he's narrowed
my face already and blah and softened my
skin okay so it's tweaking ER this is
gonna be weird
this is gonna be really weird as now
guys make my eyebrows then I won't thin
eyebrows thick bushy eyebrows what the
hell whoa
I want to be this skilled at Photoshop
and he's like smoothing them oh this is
very real strange okay so he's like
smoothing patching to get rid of the
beard stubble the old stubble back then
- no much got a bit more now you'll be
harder today was a lot of stuff I'm
scared of sorry miss a manly girl also
I'd love to know how long this actually
takes this is sped up with this take
like an hour or 20 minutes or three
hours Oh looks so Justin Bieber you've
no beard what the hell
isn't that crazy like the difference
eyebrows have in terms of how feminine
it's made me look already what oh oh
yeah give me some Taylor Swift lashes
why not
how'd you do this there you go there's
the lashes I've actually got very small
right ashes so love having a nice be old
pair this is fascinating bottom ones
always going all out for this
oh wait you might little pink ah oh my
god what the hell this is so cool but so
creepy oh I look like a doll I let you
look like a doll this is like I've got
goosebumps watching this well we go oh
is this my outfit
this is my chest there's gonna be my
chest and outfit oh no or hair hair I'll
don't put my face oh god on my body how
weird would it be if that's someone that
actually looks like this in the world as
well
let's try not to cry I don't know why
what why my eyes watering of this I look
like Justin Bieber no I look I look like
who do I look like Oh God
my mind is blown my mind is literally
blown that is the creepiest thing I've
ever seen oh this is so because they
don't actually change anything of me
they haven't like changed my eyes my
nose my mouth all they've done is made
my eyebrows a little bit thinner
giving me eyelashes put lipstick on and
then put my face on the body so I mean
that's quite a quite a big procedure but
what do you think think I'm hot
I think I'm real sexy boys all the boys
out there what do you think and girls
who knows mmm - but I think called me
Martha Martha could be into girls could
be into IB into both so girls and boys
what do you think I mean still looking
at it but I can't I can't
I've really is that what this would look
like we've had a baby girl oh I'd be
happy if a kid that looked like that by
Justin Bieber
women
yeah grand well I hope you enjoyed this
video I certainly did if you did and
maybe we can react to other because
there was loads more other youtubers and
stuff like that so if you want more let
me know otherwise Oh see you beautiful
people tomorrow good bye
