all right partners good ball rollin it's
not my intro how's it going and your
beautiful sexy people welcome to an
educational video educational is used
loosely on this channel
when I say educational usually involves
sex you know sexual education sexual
education is important doesn't get
taught enough in school can you pass
this middle school set oh my god a
middle school sex ed Sam I never had a
middle school sex education I don't know
the sex education exam lady how cool
that would be who so I'm sure those are
boys would be quite horny about that
here we go number one the sperm swims up
the vagina
through the uterus and finds the egg
waiting in there
peanuts testicle ah the fallopian tube
that's where the egg comes out of right
the ovum not sure what the open is the
ovary that's like where the baby grows
I think the ovary I don't know call the
fallopian tube so I don't actually know
I'm talking about so this is good start
the blank or male reproductive cell
carries chromosomes from the father the
sperm will come on that's so you well I
guess that's easy is I'm a boy I guess
the first one is easier if you're a girl
maybe because you know your body's
better the following actions could
result in pregnancy except unprotected
sexual intercourse sexual intercourse
with a broken condom sperm finding an
egg not having sex this is so easy not a
root six correct since many of you are
already having sex anyway then it's best
to practice safe sex acne or pimples
might appear on your face during beauty
so you should wash your face as often as
possible three times a day once in the
morning twice a day I'm going twice a
day yes yes
what does a boy typically experience
during puberty spontaneous erections
ovulation wet dreams menstruation Brett
wet dreams and spontaneous erections I'm
going to go over that the last one and
I'm right wet dreams and spontaneous
erections I'm six how many chromosomes
do we get from our father I remember
learning this but none of these ring
about 46 individual chromosomes 23
individual chromosomes 23 chromosome
pairs for this chromosome pairs from
your father
I think it's 23 a thing you get 23 from
each I think is individual oh my god
science yes a human baby has 23
chromosome pairs we get 23 individual
chromosomes from the mother and 23
individual chromosomes from the father
no our guys if you're at school and any
of these questions come up in your exam
you should think of this video and if
you have to ever show your work ins or
tell someone how you know send them my
way
then what's the correct sequence of the
four stages of the journal childbirth I
haven't got a clue
oh my god literally have no clue
placental contractions dilation
expulsion if I lived out of acute clip I
want us say contractions is where it's
like ah like the baby's coming right
dilation is that your waters breaking
expulsion the baby exploding out of you
I mean it doesn't explode out of you but
you know coming out of you and then
placental just in you're like goo that's
my theory
oh my god absolutely now that the third
stage of Labor is when the placenta is
expelled from the womb number eight what
hormone is released by the hypothalamus
the hypothalamus
what's the hypothalamus in males and
females at the beginning of puberty
adrenaline North nor nor pine frying
that's definitely not right law pinna
freeing I'm sorry
progesterone ah yes the Ghana doe touch
the gonadotropin-releasing hormone but
it's obviously progress strain I will no
it's not it's the Ghana tropic triplet
they're GnRH how many extra calories
does a pregnant woman need to consume
each day double the amount of Kara she
normally consumes ah only two to three
hundred well actually I guess that makes
sense because I'm thinking I have about
two and a half to three thousand
calories a day actually probably three
to three and a thousand calories a day
but I'm quite big so a baby isn't very
big is it so yeah you don't want to
overfeed what is the response what is
responsible for the transport of sperm
from the epididymis to the ejaculatory
ducts a nice picture I think it's the
your honor the urethra is above that did
you Mike are the vast difference who
woulda known a who would have known
number eleven sexual intercourse is when
the penis is put in the vagina the
vagina is put in the penis a sperm finds
a name
find out who she's break them male and
female Jennifer who sit next to each
other no it's as the penis is put into
the vagina yes correct
you got seven out of 11 right you passed
the test you know enough about human
anatomy biology and basic sexual
practices to survive middle school with
flying colors I'm glad I can survive
middle school but I hope you've learned
something from this video that's the
main thing
I hope you got out of it that you've
gone away and you've understood
something that you didn't know before
this video I've certainly understood a
few things from this so hey we're all
learning give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and I will see you
tomorrow with another video all right
guys
