but you've been to Tomorrowland I have
been to Tomorrowland there was a lot of
Germans there and I was there with
Stephie and obviously she is quite well
known in Germany so there was like a lot
of photo opportunities she was so lovely
she was speaking to everyone she was
taking loads of photos but when it came
to like us this was walking from stage
stage when it came to us enjoying our
time sort of in the rave or like because
we have a bunch of friends as well and
just enjoying the musical ever there
were times when people came up and asked
her for a picture and she was like
politely she's out thank you but at the
moment I'm just trying to enjoy this
moment that she's in yeah and a lot of
people kind of really respected that and
just walked away but some people kind of
got annoyed at her and then they walked
away and then they just started filming
us from a distance and trying to take
pictures I was a tragic selfies like
with us in the background dancing
kissing hugging whatever we were doing
and I didn't personally think that was
okay it got to a point when I just went
up to the guy and was like hey man I
don't think this is cool like we've
asked you to respect not taking photos
or videos of us right at this time I
don't think it makes it okay to then
stand aside and film us when we're
trying to enjoy our time and people got
really annoyed and were really angry and
one guy I've told you one guy just kept
doing it and he didn't listen and I was
I was just uncomfortable for us so we're
just gonna have to move yeah we find a
different place but what are they doing
with that footage where is it going
what are they it's a really hard one
because I'm like people might listen to
this and say oh you know you should
expect that because you guys put
yourself out there and you're in line
and your personalities but if you're
choosing when I say I feel like
sometimes you are allowed to draw that
line and and say hey look like we're
just we're just dancing we're kissing
we're hugging whatever and I don't want
that to be filmed it's not it's like our
time and whatever fuckin festival that's
what we're doing no but like how would
you like it if you're you're walking on
the road all over and someone starts
filming you ten meters in front of you
it's like you feel uncomfortable it's
like of course unnerving is yeah and
it's taking you
out of the moment that you're in
something where you're not thinking
about anything else I mean suddenly our
great yeah being filmed yeah and a lot
of people really respect you and it's
really nice and it's like I really like
having conversations with people so I'm
absolutely it's just that element of it
filming when you're not mister felt like
a zoo at work that's how they must feel
yeah there's people just staring at well
there's some people were certainly
another experience I told you briefly
about was I was on a I was on a flight
from Germany back home I get there and
there's a school trip in like in
checking queuing in front of me and they
sort of some of them recognized me and
rather than any none of them sort of
came and asked me for a picture I said
hi or like anything they all just sort
of stood in the line and decided filming
me and taking pics of me and I just felt
I was on my own I just feel really
uncomfortable like what I don't want to
have a much what if they came up to me
and were like hey can I would picture
I've got 100% of course and more happy
how old were they sixteen seventeen sort
of age and yeah I just I felt that made
me feel uncomfortable and the only
reason telex is in contrast so I got to
fight old yet so I got to the front I'm
I wasn't on the flight apparently they
cancel my ticket so that was fun so the
next flight I got put on there was
another scorcher the same situation in
check-in but they the first person from
the school who saw me came up to me and
was like hey can I get a picture I was
out of course and then the rest of the
people came they felt happy yeah like I
would much rather that so I can have a
conversation with someone I can take the
picture then be filmed when I'd like
yeah or so I guess you in control of
that environment as well yeah a little
bit so I don't know is it is a public
service announcement well there's some
people who've started filming in those
snorri's they've started filming the
peep the person back as a way of like
stupid well the taste of your own
medicine that's outside the people who
moan about plastic and stuff so they go
into a supermarket and take it or what
the plastic when lever there's like
you're not fixing the problem are you
yeah okay you're making a point but yeah
that doesn't fix the problem I just
makes it a nightmare for the staff yeah
you can compare it to that you're not
causing a nightmare for anyone you're
not it's just it's a point of saying
look what you're doing it's not actually
very cool yes you can I think what you
guys did is the most sensible where
don't know if you say don't fill me when
they still do it you do knock you out
but I questioned myself like I
questioned shit is that am I allowed to
be able to say that I don't know what
you are I don't know I caused you I feel
bad saying that but just because the
press get away of it doesn't mean
everyone should get away of it should
they well now we're filming it's gonna
start happening to you buddy nice
someone asked me to see the weekends oh
do you get recognized a lot not for a
year it happened like once and the
supermarket to you guys Matt wants like
come find me
he always wears that hat as well always
wears like
