but today we are going to talk about
commentary channels I said that a
commentary commentary channels the
commentary commentary that's fine yeah
with the rise of them the history behind
a future of it first off what is a
commentary channel Marcus well study one
let did I very very beginning of your
career if you look at it between us that
talk about the news of your career
commentator okay okay it's the
commentary channels these days tend to
be making fun of big youtubers or trying
to like pull something turn stories on
and just make light-hearted
entertainment out of people's
or the rota relevancy or you know
whatever it is that they can do direct
quotation there yeah and they always
seem to be if they're talking about a
human specific youtuber they will make
them into a weird shape in their
thumbnails just I don't know I just
don't understand it I guess the pioneer
of this whole genre I would probably say
is h3 what do you think I don't know no
I think h3 who made it mainstream to
take down other people and make fun of
other people I feel like he's the most
mainstream out of all of that genre that
rose well he's definitely on the
entertainment side isn't it you always
dislike reaction video yes get funny
channels or dodgy channels I remember
the whole kissing prank thing that's how
I've got kind of blown up and taken
apart by many or the other side of it
and you got like the news kind of
element where it's drama scarce and
degree to a degree there
yeah he's as gossipy know his voice
absolutely not gossipy is he recently I
feel as if the new wave of British
youtubers coming through are all
commentary chat there seems to have been
an ex
loschen in the last year of channels
blowing up basically doing that coming
for bigger youtubers sleeping them
bringing them down well I mean I never
featured in Shane Dawson series yeah I
was shocked to see him there very cool
pin but then you've also got yet likes
of I guess Jack may kvass yeah Angelica
I feel like this low there's probably
low you're unaware of as well and you
know probably around a couple hundred K
one hundred Kay's whatever what's your
experience with like comedy channels
when did you first start kind of
watching them and realizing wow this is
the thing you can do this one of my I
don't know if it's a commentary channel
but like would you say Cody Co is a
commentary channel it's I say they're
more like reaction channels because
they're more entertainment where they're
making these jokes yeah as personal yeah
see if you're gonna put code echo in
that realm of with h3 North early h3
videos anyway I really find them
entertaining because I think they're
hilarious the jokes that they usually
make funny yeah the people who just
making the content coming for youtubers
is like to notice a weird one it's a
very fine line isn't it it's a very fine
line because it's kind of a form of
bullying if you want to look at it from
that angle at the same point you could
argue that all these people they're
making videos I think I've even probably
had some videos made about me
no one's ever really questioned anything
these people do in this whole YouTube
space and I think a lot of it is
probably people who maybe used to be
fans of them growing up watching them
and they're younger and now they're
older and they like for whatever reason
just like their content or just
have a personal thing with them or they
just want to use people's names for
views because it works doesn't it using
people's names for views does work that
don'twe yeah but of course if someone's
going why zoella is not friends with
sprinkleofglitter it's like you're gonna
get views doing that what we need to
figure out what is the appeal of these
channels and when does it go from being
entertainment to bullying what's the
area there how would you determine it's
a tough one because they can be funny I
think look if you take yourself too
seriously as a creator and you can have
or deal with someone saying
some of those things are making like hi
jokes it's like that's your own thing
but it is a fine line isn't it between
someone being like trying to be funny
and make fun of someone's content and
just being a bit of a bitter twat about
it it's really hard and also I guess you
could take hate free as an example the
evolution of the channels as they grow
become bigger and bigger and bigger it
becomes more and more difficult to take
channels down because all of a sudden
you're the Goliath and it's not very
nice when you're trying to take down
little old David yes yeah yeah that's
the issue h3 got a thing and even Jack
mate to a certain degree like he blew up
obviously from his zoella videos and
he's always been a controversial
character on YouTube my personal opinion
is sometimes I think he's hilarious
think he's really funny sometimes
genuinely and then other times it's like
sometimes seems he's coming across a bit
bitter on some things I feel as if we've
Jack may yeah like you say really funny
yeah it seems naturally naturally funny
you can write jokes and stuff and he's
great when there's a social injustice
so I memory did a video recently about
foreigners in Britain and it was
basically taking down all the racists
and making them look you know as
ridiculous as their views are yeah loved
it I thought oh this is so funny and the
person the subject deserved this it was
like great I'm glad someone said that
whereas when he's coming for youtubers
who have released much he doesn't think
it's good enough I'm like it just feel
as if you're doing it because it's a
slow news week I saw he went on a little
true Jordi's podcast and I saw some
clips of it watched some stuff of it
and I think he opened up a bit saying
that he doesn't actually enjoy doing
that and he got to a point where people
expects him and he said something about
being actually sensitive in real life
and he doesn't actually enjoy doing that
it's a hard one cuz he knows he does a
video slating zoella his fans probably
gonna be out oh my god this hilarious
and it's gonna do well in views so you
know we've done it in a way where we've
made fun of people's videos before we've
made fun of Robin burrows videos we've
made fun of that weird kissing guy who's
is a complete weirdo so like we have
kind of touched on it where we've
touched on it we're more coming for
people's
Hanten rather than directly coming for
that person even though that kissing
guy's a weirdo like yeah no I see we say
no there's the point to it where it's
like the subject that's being talked
about deserves how do you decide what
deserves anything yeah I think there's a
difference between coming for someone's
content and coming for the person
individually because as we said time and
time again a youtuber is their brand so
it's like if you want to sleep a product
you want to sleep whatever that's fine
that is completely yes a good point but
not no human emotions really behind it
well when you're slating someone
someone's content that could be seen as
that element but as soon as you kind of
push it on to the individual and it's
just that's I think where your sigh
you're over the line but I agree and
I've watched a lot of commentary
channels when it does go like that and I
don't enjoy it this person's obviously
gonna watch this video when they see if
it's doing well in views so they're
gonna watch it imagine what they must be
thinking so I think you would be okay
people taking the piss out of some of
your content you might not agree with it
yeah it'd be like fine you can rub wash
that off yeah when it's about you
personally and going into things that
they've got no idea what they're talking
about that's when it's like gossipy and
Katie Hopkins s does anyone want to be
known for that that's what I always
think
do you really when you tell people in
the street what you do for a living
do how do you feel yeah with the people
doing only that as well I sometimes feel
there's maybe an element of I'm better
than this person like if you're
constantly belittling other people so
you have are you then up there which is
it's hot because I don't want to
generalize the whole because I think
there's a lot of people who do it very
well but I just think across the board
it is a it's a dangerous spectrum where
you're gonna fall on it well I guess
we're talking about the ones that have
had the most prominence in the last year
or so but there's clearly a market for
it people channels are blowing up we saw
it with Kaos his channel just blew up
like million subs like here and there
whatever people enjoy watching it as
it's always like I'd say it's kind of
the dark side of YouTube because you've
always had people who like make fun of
things you look at the time some reddit
on go for any of those feeds or threads
I think it's shining a light on it now
and that content is living and growing
and well is this now the end of youtuber
to kind of the positivity that used to
be so connected with YouTube but people
use to think about YouTube it was all
cute little youtubers going about their
business or making weird quirky videos
now it seems very much cutthroat yeah
well I feel that it's gone away for many
reasons but main not because of that I'd
say it mainly went away just from the
evolution of all the people who did that
came from nothing like YouTube wasn't a
job I've said it time and time again but
there's no people were just learning and
bit putting their selves online that was
a totally new thing to get your head
around and some people went different
ways within that and I think that whole
thing of that personality type youtuber
is going to fade away I think it will
what do you think the unique challenges
will be for a commentary channel because
we knew from doing the daily videos and
more markers yeah it was really hard
knowing oh my god we need to plan X
amount of videos and film X amount
videos in a certain amount of time how
do you feel like they will go about
filming their things when there's
nothing to talk about
how would they decide well I'm gonna
take down go through the trending page
this person I think the biggest thing
they'll come up against is earning money
because you can all start to blow like
blow up but I think YouTube Adsense
isn't as good on those videos or someone
get do you monetize and stuff like that
so I think that's gonna be an issue just
kind of turning the whole thing into a
business into a brand you can be popular
for a minute doing this type of content
but to push it on to that next level of
to give yourself longevity I think
that's maybe what we've kind of seen
with Jack mate now I'd recommend if you
want to hear him openly talk about a
girl much that true Geordi episode
because it was interesting and he was
like you know I want to be doing all
these other things as well he doesn't
just want to be doing that and I think
that's hard to give yourself longevity
because it's not good energy like you
come in that
moment of filming that video citing
someone sure you can make a Joe you
think you think it's funny but unless
you're like actually a bit of a dick or
actually a bit of a mean person
it's a weird energy to be getting super
excited and like oh my god you know
we've said it before these people
waiting for big social media stars to
 up and then they like out
it's the whole plan in their head will
go oh my god if I jump on this night if
I make the video if I get it out I'll
get those views ideas so that whole
psyche was going on but you got to think
it's going on around killing someone
like you're you're probably gonna be
hurting someone's feelings and or
kicking them winner down yeah down it's
just a weird energy to be in that mode
Oh jumping on someone when I think from
the tradition world there's an example
of someone doing that and then going on
to other things at Charlie Brooker had
his own show weekly wipin the yearly
wife and it was a similar concept where
he would go through ver week over year
and look at all the big news stories and
the big figures and take the piss
basically and it was great it was really
funny and then he used that like the
writing in it and you know being funny
and all of that kind of stuff and went
over and ended up doing black mirror so
yeah you know you can if it's good
writing it's good writing and I don't
have a problem when they're doing these
things and it's not just personal
attacks if it's actually got a point and
it's constructive I think it's quite
funny yeah and I'm like yeah they'll
watch that thing yeah probably should
have done that it's when he goes into oh
and he looks like this oh she looks like
this back at school I agree don't just
do insults for the sake of insulting
because you need to make a video I think
that's when it annoys me
I watched the recent one on Zoe's a book
from Jack May and I felt like his heart
wasn't in it he was doing it because
everyone had been hounding him to do it
yeah he knew he almost felt like he had
yeah almost felt like this point if he
probably felt like you had to do it you
know the style of video did like a
15-second spiel oh sup here do this
doesn't do that in all his videos it
must be a tricky one I think it'd be
interesting to get someone on who is a
commentary channel and just chat with
them because I'd like to know what the
process is like and it must be a
completely different skill set as well
yeah I mean research and things like
that sometimes I'm astounded Wow how
they all this information this is like
fascinating what do you think of it as a
business model though youtubers
unfortunately are always making mistakes
aren't they and it's a funny there's
lots of big characters who you can
continually churn out about I think
yeah well I mentioned earlier about the
Adsense thing but I think a lot of
brands will be put off from work with
these people because good point
I mean sure you're gonna get some brand
to like a little bit edgy or sure want
to get on board with something but of
course a lot of brands aren't gonna want
to work with the people who are just
making that style of content or I'll
guest reading a line cuz when you're
making a start content as well you're
usually risking offending a whole
fanbase if you look at it in stand-up
comedy look at someone like Frankie
Boyle right extremely controversial
usually doesn't give a about other
people's opinions and will openly slate
someone yeah
sure he's super successful yes don't
show ABC those fans as for that but is
he ever gonna land like ambassador of a
brand type of thing like a more
commercial type of thing where you can
earn serious money maybe house I don't
know I don't want to I don't know the
Internet's Frankie ball but using that
example to I guess across with the
YouTube stuff of course you can still be
successful doing that and I'm sure
people will continue to do that and grow
and the evolution of that will probably
change and how they earn their money etc
but I just question some of the other
things within a typical YouTube world of
where and how you earn your money they
learn their money from things like merch
sure if they've got that fanbase but
before it's it's awful to so much to
young kids that's what I keep hearing
and then I go on their pages and there's
plenty of it so I don't understand that
the question you can ask them when
they're on I find the irony with the
commentary channel as well as a life
span seems to be you I've obviously
babies and you don't do very well and
you just mess it or you do really well
and you last a long time and then
suddenly it all comes full circle and
you're the one being taken lumps out of
yeah age are attacking you by h3 yeah I
hate free at the moment I seen so
many I was going your him all I'm saying
at the moment and cuz obviously you
watch one you then get recommended 50 a
day
isn't that funny though it's like you
was saying like superhero films like if
you die young you're a hero
live long enough to see yourself become
the villain seems to be like that with
these channels that's the risk you have
of been in the space at the moment of
being a youtuber with a lot of
subscribers it's a hard one because a
tree you look at some of the things
that's gone on and you're like well yeah
people do have a point in some of the
things they're saying and when you're at
the top when you're when you've got
millions of subscribers you in that
height of YouTube
when commentary channels are popping of
course they're going to be coming for
you
