well how can we talk about anything else
other than Logan Paul and ksi and
PewDiePie right now yeah do you think
people getting sick of it probably I am
you're into it now because I was a bit
of a fanboy like have you seen it have
you seen that but now you're caught up
we can you brought up I have caught up
and it's where do we start
I feel a bit overwhelmed I feel like so
everyone knows but just a slight reeks
like recap ksi is fighting logan pool
and the August 25th sale lincoln bio c
25th yeah no so yeah okay so i looking
for a fighting each other there's some
fights going on the undercard obviously
to build hype towards that the two are
going at each other lots of things are
going on in the social media space and
it's kind of entertaining to glance in
it and laugh at both the cringe nurse of
it and also the hilarity of some of it
but like you said when we last spoke
about a couple of episodes ago it is put
like youtubers on the map because of it
for better or for worse it's like in the
UK is it tabloids are picking up courses
again it is a game changer in terms of
pushing YouTube content race it's
fascinating and it is really exciting in
that respect it's gained the same kind
of views as a professional you know top
label fighters getting so in that
respect amazing in other respects it's
is getting a bit out of hand
alright firstly seeing as we're in the
UK Logan had a an interview scheduled or
already recorded with BBC Radio 1 and
with ksi with ksi and it was with
Charlie Charlie sloth anyway childish
fluff and they decided not to air it
because when they were sort of promoting
it there was a lot of backlash on
Twitter from people saying how can you
give Logan this space when he did all of
these things in the past
correct correct the tweet they put out
was we were going to hear from Logan
pool and chaos on their boxing match but
after listening back to the interview we
don't feel it's right we understand some
of your strong views on Logan but
ultimately if we don't think the
interview is good enough we
don't eret oh a spicy wasn't it
what it's a bit spicy like this staring
it away yeah
so my point of view which I said to you
I don't believe that at all so then then
claiming if they don't believe in
interviews not good enough they don't
air it I'm sorry you've got two crazy
characters who are extremely arrogant
and have huge personalities there's no
way that interviews not in captivating
or interesting I think they're just
they're just scared of the public they
they've gone oh we don't want to
piss people off we can't post this
interview because when they first teased
it they got some backlash didn't know
they had people tweeting them saying how
can you give logo in a platform and yeah
which I guess I understand because
obviously the suicide forest video which
we all know is you know it was huge
wasn't it and it was very ill judged and
everyone agrees with that having even
Logan's apologised for it so we all knew
about that they knew about that you know
it's not as if it's our just a YouTube
thing it crossed over into the
mainstream but they still booked the
interview in the first place so
essentially they've wasted everyone's
time themselves ksi Logan I wonder if
they got paid for it still who okay so I
want to pick up paid to go on oh dude
they don't even paid to go on you're not
think of course not no one's paid well I
don't think if they are that would have
shot being a massive shock yeah it's the
biggest radio network in the UK you're
gonna go on in terms of it's a promotion
tour isn't it so still trying to assault
yes oh it would have been promotion and
hype for the fight but yeah like I said
I think for me it was just a bit tame
from the BBC yeah there is a conspiracy
theory that perhaps they booked it
knowing it would cause a stir and never
intended on actually releasing what they
had done but you know one was promoted
for it because any publicity is good
publicity right Charlie sloth wouldn't
have wouldn't have gone yeah I'm cool
with that
yeah I'll waste my time just for nothing
Charlie's not getting any promo
no that's true so I don't really believe
that conspiracy but do you believe that
logan deserves a second chance like yeah
it was obviously so why they
pulled what's the second chance like
what are we calling a second chance
being able to do an interview on Radio
one yeah I guess being accepted back
into like because he was doing a lot of
mainstream media things like film TV
across the board yeah he clearly seems
repentant on what he did but such a hard
one I believe that everyone does up
his up was horrific and one of the
worst things that has ever happened on
the YouTube platform however at the time
he's in this bubble which I'm not I'm
not defending him at all he's in this
bubble can you move forwards from those
mistakes looking at previous people look
at look at people like Chris Brown who
have a lot of controversy look at Kanye
West all these people who've done crazy
things that shocked the world in
traditional entertain and you have to do
it seems you have to sort of really do
something extremely detrimental sort of
Harvey Weinstein asked to to be removed
from that space has he been removed from
the space I don't know it's different
because he got the boxing fight yeah and
he has his own audience on YouTube which
still yes not as of YouTube have
suspended his accountant yeah well they
did for like a month didn't they
remember they yeah so from seeing how
he's attempting to change I believe he
wants to change and I really do think
that he is trying to better himself as
an individual and as a brand but I don't
fully believe that he truly is
comfortable with that at this moment in
time I think he's still learning he's
still he I don't think he can accept
this new version of himself at the
moment I think part the issue is is it
on an authentic change or is it a change
out of necessity because he can't
function unless he does and it goes back
to doing
documentary thing PewDiePie stood saying
quite interesting when he's obviously
messed up in the past and had quite a
lot of controversial things a lot of
people told him to do a documentary and
he was like why do I need to do a
documentary about it because the only
reason I'd be doing that is to try and
show a better version of myself or show
that I've learnt or changed and he was
like I don't want to do that but Logan
is that Logan's reason for doing it to
sort of reignite his career because Lowe
do you think it was currently in the
process of making a documentary about
well he said it's his whole career but I
think it's mainly focusing on this year
isn't it since it's all gone down the
pattern like so I'm very cynical in the
sense that although yes he has been
punished he has still got a huge
audience it hasn't really affected you
know he's making a lot of money so for
merch and things up that don't know from
the press conferences he does seem to
have changed matured yeah he's matured
but it wasn't just a suicide forest
video that was like the cherry on top of
the cake yeah yeah the worst thing but
he was being very obnoxious over not
like respecting their traditions in
Japan so the interesting thing with this
if you watch the KC interview that's a
moment of sort of heat between the two
because he doesn't believe Logan doesn't
believe that he was culturally
insensitive over there
he says he was insensitive but his he
was trying to defend the fact that he
wasn't culturally insensitive his
completely his words what's your
thoughts it's wrong yeah I mean what do
you think that's why I sort of Oh is
ours got you questioning whether or not
he has actually yeah yeah yeah I think
he still feels a little bit like he's
the victim here and he sort of needs to
I think when you do something when
something like that happens you know if
you really fully need to stand up hold
your hands completely up like I
up more than I could ever possibly
imagine yet but I really am willing to
sort of make amends and and try and
change that and I feel we he's trying
that but he's not fully there so yeah
you're right so if there's any ounce of
you can tell they're not truly believed
yeah it rings for ya and that that's
I took away from that
