hey Siri what's the temperature ha ha
hey Siri what's the time ha
fantastic don't worry this isn't gonna
be a video where I'm gonna stand here
and complain about the weather it's very
hot very sweaty you know my issue
wouldn't be the heat like that's not my
issue my issue is the heat inside your
own living space in the UK as a lot of
you probably know our homes aren't made
for dealing with this kind of weather
we've been experiencing so when it is
this this hot and this heat waves
everywhere we tend to just sit in a
sweaty patch in our own homes and that's
why we complain because it's not very
comfortable you are gonna see me
constantly probably wiping sweat away in
this video so if you're fine with that
good firstly welcome back I wanted to
kind of get back into filming stuff for
a while now and to be honest I feel most
comfortable when I'm just stood up like
I can move freely I can slide all over
the place for one just wanted to wanted
to film say I wanted to talk to you I
kind of miss engaging with you guys I
miss connecting with you so I am back
standing up in my boxers talking to the
camera it's not a routine it's just mom
doing right now I've never thought what
happens actually if someone walks past
my window whilst on
I haven't actually thought I went
through I guess we're gonna have to wait
until someone walks past and see what
happens
I might just sort of jump out the way
when that happens right so recently I
found myself in this slightly
uncomfortable situation and I would like
to ask you guys at the end of this video
what you would do in this situation
there is a man lovely man who uses the
same gym that I use my Cisco Marcus this
man has a little bit that's actually a
massive under exaggeration he has a
hugely disastrous
attached him wherever he goes in the gym
before you come like hating at me or
anything
this isn't once so I go to the gym in
the morning first thing in the morning
and this guy is always there at the
exact time I am so I've kind of had
countless encounters with this guy when
I say he smells
I mean his Bo stench is so freakin
disgusting he pretty much has a radius
circulating around him of approximately
not exaggerating four meters I would say
around him now if you come within that
distance it is one of the most
assistance mouths you could ever imagine
genuinely I kind of wish I could just
like shove his smell into your nose so
Marcus where are you Hank this it's got
to the point where in my gym there's
solved lots of different rooms and if
I'm in a room and he walked in his smell
starts to waft in and take over the
control of the room it's starting to I
guess annoy me a little but I want to
know what to do about it because firstly
I don't want to jump to conclusions
maybe it's difficulty smelling so maybe
you can't smell his own odor no I'm not
trying to be a horrible person but he
stinks he also sometimes wear the same
stuff multiple days in a row that might
be one of the issues here and I'd like
to point out it's not just me who
notices this I kind of when he's in the
room watch other people's reactions and
they all pick up on it because he
doesn't stay in one place he sort of
uses the whole gym and walks around and
he does this thing where he has to like
he uses dumbbells and he stands in front
of the dumbbell rack so a lot of people
if they use dumbbell so go pick the
dumbbells up and like take them away to
their space this guy just walked up to
the rack and does everything in front of
the rack so every time you need to go to
the weights you kind of have to get past
him
there was today he came in a tie off
maybe he's found out the agent is this
time am I being harsh maybe
I don't know I got so sick of the smell
that I just got up and moved to a
different room where I couldn't do the
stuff that I wanted to do in that room
because I didn't have the machines etc
in that room at the end of my session
and I was waiting to get a shake the
protein shake all that kind of stuff
he sort of waddles over and the poor
woman bless her who was working my
encounter she clearly looked very
flustered and stress he comes over and
they've got this tap I don't know it
looked quite new not that you can use
that that the people serving you were
supposed to use and he kind of leans
over and he's smiling to himself and
goats like touch it and he sets it off
and basically what a water or whatever
was in it just went everywhere and she
snapped at him and he's there looking
around and like whooping his armpits
around and I'm just like hey you smell
come on please like what can I do about
it that's the reason I'm making this
video because I was just like what can I
do I don't want to cause offence but I
don't want to walk up to him and say oh
man you alright just not sure if you
realize but you smell or what what yeah
yeah maybe maybe like have you thought
about washing your gym stuff have you
thought about maybe using some deodorant
or talk about mode I mean I'm clearly
running things through my head thinking
that's what the conversation would go
like but it's disrupting me and the
people around me I feel like I'm
speaking for them I'm creating a
community here what can you do because
it's personal hygiene right so if he's
into that cool but like when it's
starting to affect other people I feel
like that's when you kind of overstep
the boundary everyone smells that I'm
not standing here saying I'm clean I
swear I swear I swear I do swell up
sometimes
I smell in the gym when I've sweated in
this weather I mean my manhood bun area
is probably not a very nice place to
visit right now but I clean I wash my
clothes I wash myself in the shower like
most of you probably do what what's he
doing that's why I want to ask him what
are you doing hey man are you showering
I mean I'm asking you what would you do
there is no air
million years I have the confidence walk
up to him and say by the way mate
sorry but just let you know you smell
quite bad there's no way I I don't think
I could ever bring myself to you there's
a lot of people in this world who would
have the confidence to do that so surely
someone said something to him
surely the smelly gym man so yeah that's
that's what I wanted to check in with a
 show you guys today so yeah but if
you have been in this situation if you
suggest anything what would you
recommend not like what we're gonna do
it's already said I'm probably not gonna
do it but what would you do you know
what it feels really nice to have a
camera in front of me and just talk
because you know it's quite hard at the
moment to find time to do a lot of
things that I want to do because I've
spread myself quite far in terms of all
the things that I do which is my own
fault I'm not complaining
over the last few days last few weeks
have just really missed filming in this
way cuz you and this is how everything
started talking to a camera talking to
you guys and I kind of have moved away
from that and there's no reason that I
have to you know I still really love all
the things I'm doing with Instagram with
my name channel stuff but I've missed
this so this is whatever this is is
gonna hopefully be coming back because
it's fun it's fun to stand up to talk to
get things off your chest wherever it's
gonna be I can't promise it's gonna be
cutting edge content but whatever I want
to talk about whatever want to do I'm
just gonna do it
so there we go if you want to come along
for the ride
cool if you don't cool I'm gonna go and
create a sweaty puddle on my sofa so
that's my Thursday evening sorted I hope
you guys have a nice evening whatever
day you're watching this on and I will
see you guys soon
all right I will see you guys soon bye
