hello hello hi hello
look I'm sat down in a chair talking to
the camera you must be thinking what on
earth is going on welcome to a video
first things first
this isn't bringing back more Marcus
this isn't daily uploads we're not
moving into that realm of things I just
wanted to sit down and start making a
few videos so that's what I'm gonna do
there isn't really any specific
structure to this any specific schedule
I've talked about millions of times
before how I've changed Oh where's the
old Marcus and stuff so I thought this
would be a good way to do a life update
whilst explaining a few things to you
guys along the way welcome back to a sit
down video nailed it
absolutely you've still got that in the
lock haven't I I am still a youtuber so
life update here we go what you want to
know first of all I have moved I'm not
in the same place that I was when I was
filming all of my previous videos
believe it or not it does look a little
bit different I'm still living in London
I basically decided to downsize I had
had a little house a map so you loved
the place I was in but with the amount
of travelling I do it just really made
no sense to have a place of that size
when I just need a place for a base and
someone can literally use as a unpack
your suitcase repack suitcase or cool
them here for a week whatever so yeah
that's the reason for moving I'm just in
a little one bit flat this is what you
can see here is pretty much my flat this
is my living space my kitchen there's my
bedroom and that is well that is my my
toilet if you haven't wanted to know
that is a flat tool done good first
thing covered we still we still have
Matt hello there he is he's a little bit
further away from the camera but he's
still here he still the hidden voice
premier is still here we're still
hanging on to each other
clinging on I'll get to that in a minute
first thing I should address which I've
talked about a million times before I'm
just gonna talk about briefly is the
content I just feel really good about
everything right now I feel very
structured in terms of where I'm posting
things if you follow me on Instagram
it's very much so
where are showcased fashion I've become
more and more invested in that and more
and more interested in that over the
last few years and I feel like it's a
place where I can really showcase that
so if you follow me over there you
probably see me doing that this channel
was all about me hello this is me as a
human being this is what I'm about and
like I said I just want to try and post
more frequently on here but without a
specific structure or schedule so who
knows what's gonna come and things that
I genuinely want to post about so if I
think of reacting something or think of
something that I genuinely find
entertaining I'm gonna post that I'm not
gonna just make videos for the sake of
making videos which is what I used to do
and got into that whole dark hole
previously and the main channel is still
just a place for experimenting with
acting with writing and I'm gonna
continue to do that glad we got that
covered and for the billionth time I've
shaved my head I'm not gonna grow it
back because you tell me to let's just
leave out of that shall we
but there are still people that rattled
I shaved my head oh I do have to say it
does feel weird
sat in a chair talking to you people
again as myself yeah I kind of just
needed some time away to find myself and
readjust find out why I really want to
do with my life
genuinely I think that is a little bit
of what I did so this is me version 7.0
living in London predominantly it's
where my base is still with my
girlfriend surprise that's great she's
great she's amazing she still lives in
Berlin I split my time between London
and Berlin and she also splits her time
it's a bit of a weird one because we
both have to travel quite a lot for our
jobs and then obviously we have to
travel on top of that so we're lucky
we're in a position where we can make it
work
but we're also lucky they vote for us
yes that committed to making it work so
that's really nice and that still going
strong yeah that's that a lot of people
always ask me about would I live there
where we gonna live together all this
sort of stuff and as much as we want to
live together we just can't right now
you know I have too much stuff going on
in London she has too much stuff going
on in Germany there was an idea that
we'd both go to LA and try our life over
there because we both love it and the
lifestyles suits us etc but the thing
with that is it's a lot of pressure for
both of us to go you know what let's
move to LA we'll just make it work if
there's a lot of pressure on
relationship there's a lot of pressure
on our careers working over there so we
kind of just took a step back and we
thought we don't need to live together
right now it's obviously something that
we want to do so let's not force it if
an opportunity arises over there and and
it takes us over there writing shows
yeah otherwise we're just gonna continue
to split the time between all of them
and Berlin whilst are talking about
Berlin I am still learning German
attempting to but I'm gonna be really
honest right now really really really
struggle with finding time to do it
so when I'm in Germany it's fine because
I am there so you're surrounded by
German native German speakers so you're
always listening and kind of like I
remember that I remember that's fine
when I'm not there and when I'm not with
Stephie I just really struggled to find
time when I do have free time to go oh
you know what I'm gonna spend an hour
learning German it's no one's fault it's
just that's my struggle right now and
I'm just sharing that struggle with you
so yeah as much as I love sharing the
journey and experience I haven't really
progressed much since the last video so
hey hey some very exciting news in the
writing world you have no idea what I'm
talking about that random guy who used
to speak a lot in the background of the
videos you sat there eating Doritos
right now lovely we also have a podcast
together we have a lovely podcast
together which you should listen to if
you haven't already we still do that
we've posted it once a week
but the last three years we've been
writing together outside of YouTube
we've been writing TV shows you've been
writing film to be we've been
experimenting we've been trying to
create stuff that we want that we're
passionate about it's been a journey
we've been
pitching shows to people we have nearly
had things option before and then they
fallen through so it's been a bit of a
rollercoaster but we're kind of at a
really exciting point because a show
that we kind of start developing last
summer wow that sounds oh my god it's
nearly a year ago that we came like
started developing that Wow
that has been optioned contract signed
optioned with a production company slash
distributor and that's a huge exciting
step for us and I obviously can't see
here and go oh this is what it's about
and stuff because we are so early doors
right now and it's nothing like YouTube
in the sense of oh this is gonna be out
in four months timers this could be out
in two years time three years time
there's many hurdles that you have to go
over because there's so many people
involved in something like that but
we've kind of hit that huge hurdle and
went over it and we're super excited and
when it comes to being able to share it
with you of course I will and I'd love
to share the whole journey of it but
this is where we're at right now so yeah
that's kind of like really nice
basically I'm still invested in my
business project that I've kind of maybe
Lucy shared with you guys before
stripped bare the music management
company is still really really exciting
with Maisie Maisie Peters that's
something very exciting for the future
still involved with Saucebox
which is crazy to think how long that's
been going I think that's four years now
so that's still going I've also dabbled
in some other things around that I'm
interested in partnered with an
insurance company that sounds really
boring saying that but the insurance
thing is I met this really fascinating
guy who's become my friend who's this
super successful businessmen in Germany
and find really inspiring and he kind of
wants his vision is to make insurance
cool and to change the concept of it
because when you say insurance
everyone's like oh we got insurance and
I just really was fascinated by the
whole thing and I was like I'd love to
get involved that so we're doing that
I'm still into my health and fitness
I've started to share that journey I did
a body transformation kind of update
recently and it received really great
positive feedback from you guys about
wanting to share more so we'll dive into
that
more on this channel we are going back
to updating on this channel it's just
just gonna stop posting stuff that I
want to you know like I'm not gonna
force it when there's pressure on it for
one person then I'm gonna post it I also
haven't got used to the whole setup yet
of putting a light up I'm using natural
light at the moment so I've got
massively over exposed so you're just
gonna have to let me off the hook for
that one I think I've covered quite
quite a lot of things there are probably
forgotten a lot so sorry but yeah
welcome back I mean I haven't read on it
anywhere but um
welcome back I think that's it I'm gonna
probably end the video now thank you for
watching I don't know how I'm gonna out
for this but I'm just gonna end it and I
will see you on this channel soon maybe
tomorrow
yeah don't know I'll see you whenever I
see all right well good bye
