hello everybody welcome back to the
channel welcome back to a series on this
channel called
an uncut Q&A where I myself have been
asked questions from you wonderful
people usually from Twitter I always do
a tweet asking a few guys to tweet in
for the next honest and uncut Q a Matt
finds those questions so I don't see
them I have no ideas gonna ask me and
then we we freestyle we just they asked
me some questions and there's no cuts I
mean it's quite self-explanatory are
probably going to explain the video
again but that's what it is if you start
nice and light yes
what's the best part of making lower
your expectations what's the best part
of it I think it's I don't know you can
probably ask that what's the best part
for you you're part of it I think when
we when we get massively off-topic and
we're just messing around
yeah see yeah I think it's just a just
something cool like the whole show is
just a cool little project is it's not
I'm gonna look at the camera again Robin
its what could I contact V yeah for me
it's just a cool project that we do we
have a lot of fun with it we've had the
chance to interview some cool guests I
guess and we hope to grow that guest
collaborate to list but yeah it's mainly
fun it's nice it's funny and yeah I
think sometimes as well when I find out
something about you but I didn't know
and it's on the podcast live oh I always
like that do you like a story yeah okay
do you have any fashion regrets
oh I'm sure this is the thing right with
fashion is my my type of fashion is a
bit more contemporary is very
contemporary actually in the sense that
I'm quite on trends with the things that
I like and it's very street wear so the
issues with that is
they haven't really been around for a
long time whereas if you go for
something a bit more traditional like
tailoring that's obviously been around
for a long time so it means it's more
fun I think for me because things are
always changing and I look back on
things that I was wearing two years ago
and I'm like oh my god that was
fashionable although two years ago
anything how does that fashionable so
yeah I'm sure it will always change not
only with fashion but I think you guys
would be the same you look back at old
previous photos of you from three four
five years ago and you're like oh my god
what was I in that moment of my life so
not only talking about the clothes
you're wearing but just appearance hair
what you thought was cool then probably
isn't cool no I accept you because
you've had the same haircut for ten
years what is your biggest career goal
like yet complete oh it would be making
a show making it traditional I keep
always calling it a TV show but Netflix
is classified as TV making a show that
sits on a platform that can be viewed on
a TV oh macha sure you can do that on
YouTube no I'm talking like a proper
traditional show that's in the works
that we talked about a lot we're working
on at the moment I can't really say much
and it's a very long process but that is
something that kind of if it happens
it's gonna it's going to be an absolute
game changer it's going to be life
changing it's gonna be career changing
it's gonna be something no one's done
before so there's a lot of ifs but we're
getting there would you say we're
getting there yeah yeah we're getting
there if you could live forever
would you and this was the top comment
in terms of being like oh
I would I think I mean yeah I think I
would even if everyone else dies that
you know so that's not that that's my
question
oh you're just freestyling now yeah
because I think I mean no one knows what
death is no one knows if there's life
after death nobody knows obviously but
life is amazing and I don't think people
appreciate what we have in our small
time on this planet enough and if there
is an ability to link than that and grow
as the human race grows not sure if
we're going in the right direction at
the moment then I think it'd be
fascinating to be a part of that you'd
be like a walking history book and you
say that if everyone you knows dies fuck
me if you've been on the planet for like
two hundred years you'll easily make
friends don't you people wanting to know
all your stories but I know what you
mean in terms of close family and
friends short I can imagine that's a bit
depressing if every every close person
shoe isn't around anymore but when you
have younger generations of your family
yeah you'd become a great great great
great great great great great great
granddad I'm here for that where and how
old were you when you had your first
kiss it's one thing where you're going
with that one where I was in my family
house how old I was I was God's quite
young I was about nine or ten but I
think I'm sure I've told the story
before it was it was just a bit weird
like I had a family friend my mum's best
friend at the time had a daughter the
same age as me and she obviously used to
always come round when her mum came
around and we'd always hang out but like
one time we decided it would be good to
try kissing like just to kiss on the
lips how I not told you the story before
but we would like we didn't know what to
do so she took like a thin out of a
dressing yet you know what you tire
dressing her if she took that out of my
dressing gown and like put it on me as a
blindfold cuz I think me obviously
nervous we didn't know what we're doing
and then it was just a 3t one that was
it so it wasn't very memorable but it's
clear sweet yeah that was my first kiss
I don't know my first like proper kiss
was their proper kiss mates hugs you
know why I yeah what youtubers do you
watch any channels you would recommend
good question if I'm being honest
YouTube for me as of right now I just it
doesn't satisfy me as a viewing platform
how it did use to satisfy me and that's
nothing to do I'm not saying instead of
YouTube just the content I don't know if
it's changed if I've grown I've got all
of the things I liked have changed but
it's just a bit I don't know I struggled
to find things that I want to watch I
used to always get really excited like
when I ate my dinner I'd sit down I'd
open youtube up and I've got like 10
videos in my subscription box I want to
watch and I feel like I've lost that now
and I don't know why it's quite sad for
you even saying you feel the same don't
you yeah is that an age thing or what do
you know there used to be a time 18
months ago or something right always be
something on yet right were you looking
forward yeah I think also this is more
towards YouTube but with the whole
trending page I used to find new things
in the training page like there was a
lot of funny videos and stuff for that
but there just isn't anymore and it's
all music videos TV shows and movie
trailers so yeah put that aside there
are some youtubers that I do love
watching I love david dobrik his vlogs i
just think his whole sets pretty cool
r.i.p him and liza obviously but
Shane as well Shane's always been one
who has been left for me he's being
there for me from the beginning shade
has and I just love how he's evolved his
content and especially right now I
literally showed max he hadn't seen one
before his conspiracy videos where
they're like 40 minute long it's like a
TV show and he's just he's smashing it
with that so well done Shane can you
realistically see yourself moving abroad
anytime in the future
I remember you were always saying LA but
is Germany looking more likely so if I
knew the answer to this question it
would make my life a hell of a lot
easier because obviously my girlfriend
lives in Germany what we want to do the
most right now is live together
but she is a hugely successful career in
Germany I have a relatively successful
career in England but so I can't move
there she can't move here without one of
us having to make a pretty big sacrifice
hence why we spend a lot of time between
Berlin London and I'm lucky that because
of our jobs it's enabled us to do that
la for us is a happy place in terms of
the lifestyle work for me it would work
but there's a lot of things that might
not work with LA so uh truly I'm sort of
short I think only time will tell but in
my head I think I will in the future
have be spending my time across LA
London and Berlin I think will always
have a place in London will always have
a place in Berlin and then hopefully
work will take us to LA there's a little
smile from you there wasn't it I know
you want to go to LA do you ever feel
pressure to get married
or do other adult type things because of
your age and there's somewhat
stereotyped thing those people do
age maybe you feel ants this question
more than you're a married man no if I'm
honest it's probably bit weird for me
because out of my like out of my group
of friends that my my actual friends
that I went to school if we're all a
similar age they're something real
couple years older than me but none of
us have made that step towards getting
getting married
none of us are even engaged or anything
and you're the first one in your group
of mates yeah and I feel like when one
person when two people start doing it
will start a bit of an effect but me
personally I have no pressures in my
head I'm not most people that's like I
need to be married by 28 I need to have
kids by 30 because you just can't live
your life like that if you live your
life to such a strict plan it allows no
room for spontaneity or freedom or
enjoying your life like I feel like in
your 20s you should go you should enjoy
your life and obviously times have
changed people used to get married at 17
18 19 and obviously it's moved back
rough on average I probably say about
ten years but every person is different
some people still might want to get
married at 20 that's fine but I'm under
no pressure from society or my friends
to do adult things like a little
breather yeah do you have any name
suggestions for my female hamster I
gotta hurry
still doesn't have a name ah I'm
desperate haha that's very sad ah oh
okay
can I just keep looking some gain
inspiration for the picture we'll put
the picture up on the screen so you guys
can see as well
Oh what are you thinking don't know why
but I'm thinking like a Hannah but
that's the human name isn't it a puppy
yeah it's a sort of doc yes they call
pop it Oh Peggy good deep baby I'm
Hannah but don't you know you do you
what do you like most about Berlin hmm
good question I think Berlin has this
amazing culture and energy obviously
Berlin is place with crazy history but
it's kind of like its own unique City
because it's like nothing else in
Germany no other city is like Berlin
it's a very I just like the people I
like the vibe in Berlin I like the
fashion in Berlin everyone's very open
in Berlin you know they're open to
everything in society which I like they
are very open and accepting city I feel
and I think that's what I like about it
that was from YouTube space Berlin hey I
didn't know how to YouTube space in
Berlin let's get down there and film
some videos eh
do you ever think that the YouTube
platform could divide into sessions such
as the gaming section vlog exception
modeling section if so would you stay
within a section like modeling oh my god
I definitely wouldn't stay in a modeling
section because I don't see myself as a
model particularly but I
don't think YouTube would go into those
cats I don't know actually
it just becomes our then like how do you
label everyone because you've got
different types of vloggers you know
it's not just like this is my life
you've got people who vlog cars people
who vlog cooking people who vlog so I
think it'd be too hard to kind of narrow
it down into just a few categories
without it cluttering our social feeds
so yeah I I can't see it happening
you've got two questions here in the
same person okay oh you're gonna say
we've got two left
will you ever release another rap and
any chance of you going on tour okay not
gonna release another rap as of right
now it's not anything that I kind of
wish to achieve
right now also it's like a big
investment of money and time to meet
your own rap I think I've said it before
I don't have have been this open about
it but that I'm famous so the last rap
song I spent in total I think about
fourteen thousand pounds on everything
from music video from getting the song
produced from time from travel from
everything put into it was about 14,000
pounds so it's an investment put it that
way the first song I did was a lot
cheaper than that but I think I still
spent around five grand on it I was very
lucky with that because Sawyer Hartman
my friend directed it and filmed it for
free just had to pay for the equipment
like cranes travel location had to pay
for that so yeah they're expensive and
are you going to oh I don't think so I
mean I'm not I know I'm not right
but who knows we've talked about doing a
live podcast before I don't know if that
would turn into a tour but like that's
something that we want to do with the
podcast we want to do a little live
viewing maybe get a hundred couple
hundred people down thousand people down
I'm saying that so you can see Matt's
reaction no but that's something we've
spoken about doing so if you are avid
viewers and listen on listeners on the
podcast let us know if you'd be
interested in that yeah do you wanna do
one more question how many haven't we
know you feelin
I felt great ya feel ready to talk how
time you need to be go mice open
Pandora's box if we're fine for time do
you have a guilty pleasure channel on
YouTube you are usually too embarrassed
to admit that you watch I know you do
who's that likes watches you gonna give
him that frame now not ya don't have a
guilty pleasure I like watching on
YouTube like is it not I think so can
you think of something for me can you
I've got one okay like little pump logs
oh but that's not like a guilty pleasure
that's more shocking but I I watched it
because I found it interesting and then
I showed you just like pure shock of
this stuff goes on and he's just putting
on YouTube he's the same little pump is
like man it's really annoying because he
has the catchiest beats i think he's so
good at choosing the beats he uses and i
think he actually sounds good honest on
a rap song but he's just like on his
Instagram II it was just he just it's
just a lad he's just enjoying himself
and he's making it very public which is
you know fine he can do him can you and
the old YouTube guys brackets
yugi-boy burned all hang out again every
day of your life make videos again the
rest of your life meet up and do a big
video
again question mark and LA emoji here's
the thing we tried to do that many times
it didn't happen
for many different reasons I was one of
the avid people leading that but it just
didn't happen so it's not gonna happen
and yeah I mean it's hard like I said I
put out of everyone now I see Jim the
most but Jim we go to like the same
events we did we still do a lot of work
stuff together so that's why I see Jim
the most the others we just don't do a
lot of the same stuff anymore so yeah do
you ever get overwhelmed and just want
to be left alone and have like 100
followers instead of 3 million what's
weird is with the whole direction change
of direction with the content I feel
like that happened in the sense that I
took that hit of rather than getting
half a million million views a video
doing content I wasn't that happy with
and even on this channel like we switch
the content to stuff that I want to do
and viewers have dropped of course they
have but I feel like the people who
watch now get it they get what I'm about
they they're into what I'm into and they
get the comedy we do on the main channel
so that is kind of like having the
followers then but I don't know I think
because I was part of that new wave of
youtubers in the UK and the Brit crew
and all that stuff I'm like my name has
just known to people who have ever
watched youtubers before especially in
the UK so yeah just cuz people don't
watch my videos I feel like they'll a
lot of people it's below a certain age
we'll just know of my name being
associated with other youtubers did I
answer the question who ever was the
question
it was I do feel over where oh I wish
you could have
yeah sure going back to that ones that
like piece of fluff in my name is sorry
can't cut this bit out panel I know I
mean yeah there are some times I've had
but like come on and on you know my
life's fine I'm not like walking outside
my house and I've got perhaps waiting on
the door it's fine I couldn't no
absolutely no joking are you joking have
you seen the Amy Winehouse documentary
no do you think you'll quit making
YouTube videos soon no I don't think I
will
I think if stuff happens with the shows
things will change but I think I'd
always want to share something with
YouTube because it's very start it might
Jeremy Justin Bieber that's like Michael
Jackson it's a time I have yeah a little
bit I'm gonna leave as that how did you
know that you love your girlfriend well
I wrote down on a piece of paper
do I love come on it's like you just
know like yeah what I will say with
Stephie is I how do I say this
she is like what I have with her and
like especially as it started and even
now when I think about is I'm just like
really appreciative of that as a
relationship and it's like the best
thing I've ever had so it's yeah she's
incredible so I guess that's how you
know know
what's your favorite healthy recipe I
feel like a lot of these questions I'm
starting with going because it's like a
lot of thought into that I don't know if
I'm being honest I really don't cook
that much at the moment in the evenings
so I'm gonna go over breakfast recipe
and I'm gonna go with my chocolate
porridge yeah cacao porridge it's like a
healthy porridge so it's just do you
want me to say it awful you're gonna say
no okay so get half a cup of oats I do
half a cup of almond milk half a cup of
water a spoonful of cacao powder
throwing some almonds and coconut flakes
if I've gotten if you're into raisins
Chuck a cup of raisins in BAM five
minutes sorry any reason I'm like
smiling didn't we do that a video was
like humming the porridge or something
do you remember some in the porridge is
a line in one of the shows that we were
always yeah same one of our scripts
inside a knowledge and how are you
feeling we did last question yeah yeah
well we've been going for 25 minutes so
yeah yeah nice to get a few more outs in
there Oh je
have you ever felt as if you've lost a
purpose of purpose / being super
confused about what you want in life
what I recently got home from a few
months of traveling where the sole
purpose was to decide what I want in
life yet I'm more confused than ever
it makes me anxious okay first of all
don't feel like you're ever alone in not
knowing what you want because as human
being
I think every stage of our life you'll
still be searching for something I think
that's the way life goes I think that's
how we evolve as individuals so don't
feel or try not to feel anxious from not
knowing because even the most successful
people in the world will be in scenarios
where they don't know what they want
they don't know what their purpose is
and you know I can relate to that too a
couple of weeks ago I literally had a
meltdown even over the last like month
for two months I've been in this crazy
high and low cycle of knowing or
thinking what I'm doing is working or
what what I think I'm doing is it's the
right thing to do
I've had crazy highs and crazy lows
because yeah you lose track of what your
vision is what your purpose is and I
only feel like a week or two ago I'm
really good again with that vision with
that purpose and that's why follow me on
Instagram you might have seen I did some
like cringy quote on mine story because
I wanted to share something that I've
been through so in answer to your
question yes I have felt like I've had
times where I don't know what why
perhaps it looked literally two weeks
ago I was like don't I'm doing I'm
putting so much pressure on this one
thing working and at the same time I'm
trying to move all my stuff over to
things I'm actually like interested in
what's going on but that's what you get
we've changed you know if you do if you
if you're willing to take a risk like
Utica risks to go traveling to grow as a
person to change your life you're gonna
experience moments where you're like
fuck what am i doing but once you get
through that and Cantlie other side
you'll be very thankful that you did
whatever it was that you wanted to do
had a good answer
well I ended up finishing very deep
didn't there yeah I hope you guys have
enjoyed this uncut Q&A I'm not just
lying I really enjoy doing them
especially when you guys give really
great questions or if I can help
like give some advice on some other
stuff as well then great but yeah if you
enjoyed it obviously thumbs up always
great and why do people say give it a
thumbs up because you don't
isn't it alike or do you click thumbs up
to do the like it used to be the green
thumbs up
yeah and click like then give me a
thumbs up but yeah thank you and I will
see you soon on this channel bye thanks
Matt very good
