hello hello hello hello what is up
welcome back to the channel a so with
white post more content on this channel
which have been pretty open about but
things that I'm genuinely and do
genuinely passionate about that's gonna
be a variety of fashion clothes
lifestyle a bits like that and also as
if you've been with me for a long time
you'll know that Fitness I'm very much
so into fitness and for some reason I
kind of just stopped sharing that
journey with people on the internet
because I thought it would be boring or
you guys wouldn't want to see it or
didn't fit with my brand and things like
that and I just got to the point where
I'm like you know what it is me like I
am very much so about fitness in my
personal life and if I can share my
journey and share that experience with
some of you then cool like if something
you're into that then cool basically and
it I've heard quite a lot of comments
recently asking for people to share like
workout updates
workout ideas things you do in the gym
and all this kind of stuff so this is
probably gonna be more like an intro to
fitness update and then maybe we can
talk about all that stuff in the future
so I just want to first intro where I'm
up with my fitness a bit about my
journey if you're news watching this a
bit about my previous journey etc I used
to be a little bit chubby around the
edges I had a bit of baby fat puppy fat
I just let myself go whatever you want
to call it I'll put a picture here ding
is is what I used to look like and which
is weird because growing up I was one of
the most 40 people you could imagine I
was an extremely active child I was
doing about ten different sports after
school every week that my parents took
me to I was well I literally played in
every school sports team I was in rugby
team football team basketball team
cricket team and then outside a school I
did judo at a judo school I did
gymnastics outside school compete
gymnastics at a very high level compete
basketball a high low
I played in football outside of school
so yeah I was an active kid and in the
summer we used to my mom used to always
take me and my little sister to like
summer sport camps which used to be my
favorite thing in the world but it's
just so my mum could work because she
was on her own she wasn't my dad and mom
needed to work so rather than us being
kids at home she can't take us to the
summer camp zone was the best thing ever
you get the picture I was very sporty
then it got to I was still playing bus
to a high level around the age of 17
when I was at college and I got an ankle
injury stopped playing basketball I was
not playing all these other sports and
kind of turned 18 got into going out was
still going to the gym and stuff but was
just like cool whatever and I had very
big ambitions to to actually go to
college and play basketball in America
get scholarship that's what I wanted to
do when I was younger that didn't happen
fast forward then I got a full-time job
I took gap here went traveling with my
best mate Max was planning to go to
university at the end of wallaby over
the next year to study business and
marketing however this is telling it's
like a life update however I had a
full-time job and I thought it was great
so I've stayed in this full-time girl
for about three years it was a software
company as a salesman now I've got all
that out there
it lets me explain the story and I was
basically driving around the country
every single day crazy I was waking up
at 4 a.m. driving through a different
location in the country and training
estate agent selecting agents how to use
this software so whilst I was in that
period of doing it for three years while
still doing each one side I got into the
habit of one I wasn't working out - I
was on the road and I was pretty much
eating whatever I fancied like junk food
pretty much everyday whatever hotel
would stay and I'd always have a burger
and chips and I just was like whatever
you know it doesn't matter
and then I before carry on there's a vet
much more detailed version of this story
I'm giving you I posted it on this
channel about three years ago four years
ago so it's called my body
transformation I'd go check out if
you're interested
I'm just giving a really quick intro for
those that are new so one day I decided
I wanted to get into shape off look at
myself in the mirror not
being happy with myself wobbles a
confident etc so I made it my mission to
go on this journey lose weight etc like
I said if you're interested to hear all
of that story go and check it out
because it goes into a lot more detail
and what I'm about to go into now is
from being this super lean skinny person
to where I'm at now fast forward three
years since that video I have been on
another journey I've been on an
up-and-down journey roller coaster but
I'm very much so still passionate about
it and I think the first thing I want to
touch upon is if you're someone who's on
this journey you want to get into it you
want to try and be a little bit
healthier with the food treat that's
great like that is a really great start
however is really really important to
maintain balance now I say that because
I basically got to a point where I was
so anal with the foods I was eating it
was a borderline eating disorder in the
sense that I would be so apprehensive
about consuming a car or I would never
have a beer or I would never ever have a
have a chocolate bother is an 85% dark
chocolate genuinely this was my life for
a good year and I would turn down going
out to restaurants with my friends or
meeting up my mates figure out the
drinks because I knew in my head I
couldn't eat anything there and I put
myself into this weird circle of
obsession with thinking oh my god I'm
gonna ruin my body and it was a really
bad period of my life in that respect
you can ask anyone that's close to me
they would have said compared to now
looking back I was sad like genuinely
sad I was boring I was sad and do
anything and that is down to going too
far with it and what I've realized now
is that you introduce balance into your
life right you here it is that probably
one of most cliche things people say
it's all about balance but from
experience it genuinely is about balance
so I kind of realized that I just had
this moment where I was like why am I
doing this
I'm not enjoying this they cool yeah I'm
super lean really skinny but I'm not
joining it and something that kind of
started happening was friends and family
that I hadn't seen for a few months they
would when we had like a family
gathering or something they would say
that I used to look gaunt now gone means
you look kind of ill in the face new
super skinny and when I look back on old
pictures of me in that time period I was
so skinny like compared to now I was
just very skinny and I did look a little
ill I looked a little malnourished and
my life was boring I wasn't doing
anything because I was putting this
constant pressure on me that I couldn't
eat any of these foods now that's me
there's no no it's not blaming anyone
else but I'm just saying that was the
position I'd put myself in and it's only
now I look back that thing Jesus Christ
what was I doing because fast forward
now I kind of so I had that oh my god
what am i doing moment and then I I did
some research etc and speaking to people
and it was all about just like live your
life you know it's really important and
I speak so highly about an hour about
just enjoy your life because you can be
healthier you want you can eat all these
foods and do this to your body but if
you're not having fun if you're not
enjoying your life literally what is the
point
like what is the point so that's the
mindset that I took away from that and
how I live my life now is very different
to that so I felt it as an intro to now
I would say now ie I'm still very
healthy person I compared the arrows I'm
very healthy but I have kind of like an
80/20 percent 80% 20% it's like 82 the
time I can be good 27 time can be bad in
terms of dieting in terms when I say
dieting I mean the the food that you
consume that is what I'm calling a diet
I don't I don't do any diet so that I've
never done any kind of specific diets
before there's so much to say that's
gone on on in these last three years how
my body's changed so after going through
that oh my god whatever I got more into
the gym than it was because before I
worked out a bit but I wasn't really
that into the gym I was more about the
food where as I started to train and go
to the gym
and I'm really start to put on a bit of
size and over the course of six months I
got really into weightlifting and my
body changed I got more muscley I put on
about 10 15 kilos of pure body weight so
when I was super skinny I went all the
way down to what was it 70 kilos and 70
kilos for someone who's six foot one is
it's not a lot but I went and then like
I said I started into the gym to lift
weights I wanted to kind of change it so
I wanted to change my body see what I
could do I started going to the gym and
lifting weights now one thing I just
always beat really highly up the gym
with is you just feel great forget about
how you look or wanting to achieve
things aesthetically of your body just
feeling good about doing something and
that is one of the main reasons I still
go to gym now is because I wake up I'll
go to the gym first thing in the morning
if I can it just sets you up for the
rest of the day with this really
positive mindset sometimes if I don't
work out in the morning and I'll go oh
yeah work out an evening for me
personally then it's always on your mind
the workout and evening and the whole
damn like I have got to work out tonight
I feel tired like I don't know what to
eat today because I want a few work out
etcetera totally yeah oh yeah so my
advice is I always work out in the
morning because I just I like the
benefits of that and yeah in this period
of gaining muscle etc I was still eating
very healthily but I kind of let myself
go like I previously I never had a cheat
down never had a cheat meal in this
period of let's go to the dark period
never had a cheat cheat meal never
literally like even on Christmas day I
was like nah annoying and potatoes like
what like there's so many things wrong
with that if I'm honest since meeting
Steffi she was like let's have a cheat
then I was like oh my god that actually
sounds amazing let's do that and I kind
of introduced that into my life of not
being like oh my god once a week I'm
gonna have a cheat day but it if
you fancy going crazy for a day and
eating pizza when you've been working
out and you've been eating a
good balanced diet then do that because
the feelings it's gonna bring you from
eating that pizza the enjoyment is great
if that works for you if that's gonna
outweigh the thought of oh my god ah
Christie in a pizza oh I need to work
that off etc because then you've got an
issue I kind of brought that into it and
like I said now I'm all about balance in
terms of that's how I live my life so
I'm on this new gym plan at the moment
or workout plan it's not so much gym
folks it's more about just being active
so I'm trying to focus Monday to Friday
there my workout days on my active days
every single day so Monday Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday Friday for me Monday
Wednesday Friday is like weight lifting
sort of stuff in the gym and then
Tuesday and Thursday is some kind of
cardio wherever that's playing football
whether that's going for a run going for
a walk and I've only been doing this for
about three weeks
and I really love it I really really
love how it is then it comes to the
weekend and I'm like yo so we can can
eat some bad food can chill and whatever
I want but Monday it's Friday I'm in
that zone and I feel I must I feel great
I feel better and I never have before
and just really loving it if I'm honest
talking about that I will like I said if
this is interesting to you I would love
to share what I do in the gym I would
love to share what I do on a running
machine because there's so many things
that I do to make it not boring and if
their interest to you I will continue
this journey of you so yeah where I'm at
now away about 82 kilos I'm just much
happier which is the main thing like I
said weigh about 82 kilos 8283 I've got
more a lot more muscle than I had before
and yeah that's kind of where I'm at I'm
not gonna do the whole like it in the
last video oh I'm gonna take my top off
and now show you because as a no I don't
I don't want to do that
last time I thought like it was more of
a shock like this is what I look like
now this but yeah like I said for me now
it is more about balance and enjoying
life because if you're not enjoying life
you know then what you didn't try and
enjoy it and I can't stress enough how
in a stressful period we all go through
stressful periods course with you
everyone got has intensified moments of
stress or moments where you feel less
worth or you feel worthless or you feel
like you just you don't feel yourself
you feel a bit down and you you don't
want to do anything we all experience
that I'm sure we have and for me I find
what helps if that is forcing myself out
the house to the gym because if you are
in one of those moments where you do
feel a bit like that just stepping
inside the gym doing something in there
releasing those endorphins getting
moving letting stuff out really helped
with motivating yourself to a better
mood from personal experience and yeah
in terms of the food I eat a lot of
people seem to think I am or was vegan
I'm not and I never have been vegan I
eat on an average day Oh another thing
I'm trying now this is that again
I don't do any dieting and I but
something I'm kind of being a bit more
wary of is intimate fasting now you may
have seen some friends do you it's
pretty like I feel it a lot of people I
know doing it now all it is there's no
dieter there's no anything it's just
putting your body into a state of
fasting so very basic example is you'd
stop eating after your last meal at
dinner eight o'clock seven o'clock
whatever you ain't you anything until
you sleep you sleep so it can be number
three for hours you sleep for seven
eight hours you wake up work out this is
what I do work out and then you so
basically you give your body a period of
time with no food and that might be 12
hours to 16 hours and then you have your
first meal after workout and that kind
of sends your body into a state of
burning fat essentially and that's been
really helpful in terms of if you want
to lean up a little bit if you want to
lose a little bit of body fat that is a
really simple way to do it it sounds
when you think if you're if you're this
first me hear it and you're like
I can't eat that long honestly a lot of
that is habit and once you just
introduce that into your routine it's
fine I don't do this every day but maybe
one to two times a week I'll do it like
I did it this morning for example I went
to bed last night
didn't work out this morning cuz got
stuff to do I'm working out tonight and
didn't eat anything til lunch had a
coffee didn't eat anything till lunch so
yeah that's one thing I've been doing
it's fasting a little bit but other than
that it's all about for me I just eat
clean I tend to have a high protein diet
that's because of the weight lifting in
the gym you need protein to repair those
muscles to grow those muscles so I do
tend to have a higher protein intake
than others but other than that is
healthy generally it's kind of lots of
vegetables a lot vegetables a lot fruit
fish it's kind of a balanced diet and
I'm all about just letting yourself go
every now and then go and drink if you
wanna go out with friends drink a beer
do that drink five beers if you want
sensibly
alright go and smash a pizza go and just
whatever you want to do just do it yeah
I would actually say that I got a little
bit so I went on a family holiday a
couple weeks ago we went to st. Lucia
and it was a bit of an active holiday in
a sense that you could do loads of
classes and sports and stuff now prior
to this trip I perhaps had let myself go
a bit too far with the with their like
eating whatever I wanted to going back
to the previous times and people's
bodies change to different things and my
body responds quickly to that so if I
start eating whatever I want like every
day or like not every day but you know
once a day I'm eating something I don't
want my body wrecks that pretty quickly
and I'll start putting weight on in
places that I perhaps didn't want to and
I realized that and that's part of this
whole like because for me it's like I'm
all about feeling good within yourself
so whether that is how you aesthetically
look whether that is feeling mentally
good
whatever can give you confidence in
yourself I'm all for and everyone's
different everyone has a different
journey to that but that part of that is
for me it
how I feel about my body and how I look
how I how I mentally feel from from
eating good foods and working out etc so
prior to the holiday yeah I was I
probably let myself go a little bit too
much and now I'm back up here again in
terms of like oh and back on it and
really enjoying it and passionate about
it and I felt like it was a good time
now to talk about it and and share this
journey with you guys although yeah I
don't have like an end goal this is just
my life it's part my life as part of my
daily routine so I'm a if you're
interested share you know what I do in
the gym how I work out different foods I
and stuff like that so yeah if you're
interested in if you're into that let me
know otherwise yeah that was it I just
wanted to get going with this so I hope
you enjoyed I hope you took something
away from this I'd love to hear any
comments in the comment section and yeah
I will see you guys very soon bye
