hello welcome to more markers I've got
some headphones so it means we're gonna
be watching something now today what
we're going to be watching is youtubers
first videos we all had to start
somewhere
we've all got cringy videos I've shown
my videos those times you guys have
probably seen some my first videos if
you've watched this channel for a while
but today we're going to go and watch
other youtubers first videos because
we've laughed at my embarrassment
let's embarrass some more youtubers and
laugh together and hate some probably
cute anyway who should we start with
first youtuber we're starting with Tanya
burr Edward Cullen Twilight Saga makeup
tutorial oh ho the intro screen before
is even start it is subtitle text here
actually forgot to delete that Mouse cut
Tom just casually hit the camera on walk
back hi guys I'm doing a tutorial my
lovely boyfriend there you know exciting
oh for God's sake time you haven't found
contact lenses she looks so oh my god
shit tinder Shiva she does look a little
bit like a vampire there Jim what's
going on with your sideburns dude like
did you grow them specifically for this
video also Jim without a beard now he
looks so different I kind of want to see
Jim without a beard Jim honesty looks so
fucking bored
he's like why on earth - video house
enhance poke yeah yes that like this I'm
lucky because Jim is brain just laughs
I'm lucky cuz Jim is very pale I love
just Jim honestly not speaking this
clicking for the video cheer imagine if
this is an introduction to Jim's channel
after bi
so guys go subscribe to Jim's channel
everyone would be like I haven't heard
him speak with four minutes into the
video which actually on a video is
premies half an hour and he still hasn't
said a word
sounds like so thanks doing that Jim Jim
has a little that's it back complete get
me out of it
Zowie sixty things in my bedroom I'm in
this video she just sits there and that
I mean great quality Zoe but she sits
there and just shows all these things in
her room doesn't share and then this is
her friend who's just sat in the
background of the video the whole time
just I wished I don't remember this
black brute I lose battery the Zoe Act
it so did you add a pixel effect on or
is that just how bad your camera Hans
I'm pretty sure she just filmed this
when a lot of college chef meets rambles
on that a mirror inside a mirror inside
a mirror but may trying to jump in on
the action catch her
but for you is Zoe doesn't even look
that like different to what she does now
like that's not that awkward at all
whereas some of the other beauties are
just like cringe low this is always be
my favorite video lychee hey you ready
three two one
oh good Alfie honestly this looks so
good Alfie love back in the day a collar
shirt like a polo top absolutely loved
on look let's count how many tops
yep and one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten ten ten ten loose
teeth oh did I just have em out here and
loads of polar tops over
Alfie mate I think you should recreate
that in this video is I've disliked it
our feet why I dislike
Alfie's first video is Charlie really so
cool like I'm going to switch that like
it sorry pal no idea why probably
there's a joke when I was with you this
this is me in England I don't it thanks
Elfie man thanks for sharing that you
enjoy out of every single channel
possible and his videos have thousands
I'm so innocent that outfit Apple and
that's one maybe like main videos that
you don't we painted it also you look so
much like poppy here's to Charlie to be
free and comic comic conventions sound
like a charlie like fanpage just happy
where Charlie's been outfit to be fair I
didn't say I don't want market on my
videos are exactly the same as this and
obviously the exact same thing so
complete yeah nerd we're eating on a
pocket TV video and I in the sidebar
Sybok that's pro in that hackers know
that is the worst attempted paints a
purple outfit
who was filming that because that wasn't
you who zoomed in for you at the end
then that's what I want to know Oh
classic and there we go that rounds up
the first time I've watched old
youtubers videos back there first videos
back or someone's their first video is
back if you want me to make this into a
series
let me hope by giving the video a thumbs
up because obviously it's fun for me to
react to them and watch them but also
probably fun because some of you might
not watch them in a long time as well so
let me know if you wanna see more other
than that I love you guys and I'll see
you tomorrow in another video right
