hi Lee hello we get the what's up guys
welcome to part two of I'm learning a
new language and I'm going to be
documenting it with you if you didn't
watch the first video I would advise you
go and watch it to understand the
reasons why I decided to learn a new
language why I'm gonna document it and
sort of just asking your advice and
opinions on the best way possible to do
so pouring into the video I would just
like to say a genuine massive massive
shout out to all of you wonderful people
who commented like I didn't realize how
many people have been in the same
situation as me and not just on that
video commented us enemy Instagram dmg
was enemy tweets you were sending me so
much helpful information for my tiny
little brain to try and bring together
and put it into something constructive I
was just very overwhelmed with your
response so I just wanted to say thank
you for being that open about it all and
sharing your tips and experiences since
the last video I went away and I
consistently practiced every single day
I was practicing now might be a bit
rusty because I've been in LA for the
past week I had Coachella and I just got
into LA two days ago and I'm not gonna
lie since the plane out here I just
haven't had time to do anything so I do
feel a little bit bad because I was
doing so well practicing every day and
then all of a sudden I've stopped for a
week and I'm like oh god no no it's so
hard to get back into the flow of that
my practicing was using apps
I used a variety of apps I use duolingo
I used babble I've got a journal book
which I'm going to show you in a minute
I've obviously got Stephie who's
chairman
well you're not surprised the thing with
Stephie is I've never wanted to bank on
that like it's really handy of course
it's handy having a girlfriend who is
German but I don't want to annoy the
shit out of her being like hard Stepford
how do you share - how do you say that
and she's never once said it would annoy
her but I just don't want to deal I want
to be able to learn and then go to her
and be like look this is what I've done
which is what I have kind of in there
yeah those are the kind of things that
I've been doing as of recent taking some
of your guys tips so many of you said to
watch things in German I
yeah we've subtitles what's your
favorite things in German I did actually
go away and listen to some music because
some people said listen to some German
music so anyway
Stephanie's paid me and stuff before
there's a guy called crow in Germany as
a rapper like hip hop
I'd like a variety of music and I had a
little listened to him and what I don't
understand 90% always saying I can piece
the other some words and I think if I
was to like a song then it's gonna make
me want to know exactly what he's saying
in today's update which is gonna be a
bit hard because we still figured out
this process of what exactly I'm gonna
be showing you and sharing with you and
how it's gonna work but so I have this
book german verb trills and i guess
today is about verbs like a school
teacher get your textbooks out everybody
I bought this book when I was first it
was actually a year ago we went on a
holiday to st. Lucia and I was like I'm
gonna learn German so I can speak with
your family but I hadn't really done
anything and I just went into a shop and
bought this book and I remember being on
holiday turned an open day and I was
just like holy fucking shit I don't
understand a single thing about verbs or
anything is confusing the hell out of me
yeah the idea I never looked it again
it's just sat on my shelf at home on my
bookshelf and obviously since a year ago
I have progressed a little bit in German
understanding and I forgot I had this
found it had a flipped through and I was
like you know what this is actually kind
of helpful because there's different
sections of the book but it's all to do
with the verb so I'm only right at the
beginning I've done part one which is
all about the present tense verbs and I
feel like I have actually learned quite
a lot from using this so at the back
there's an answer key so it kind of
breaks down like the first thing it
talks about the infinitive so right here
is the infinitive so here's another
thing I'm going to break out and
surprise you with my English knowledge
of most of these things is awful
so for example I never really knew what
the infinitive
in English I still don't know when it's
talking about the future present and
there's all these different terms that I
just like the subjective and conditional
moods
I don't know lies in English so I have
to kind of figure out what that means
and then put it into German so in German
the infinitive verb is kind of like
Harbin yeah so Harbin translates to
having and yes its infinitive because
that's just I don't know how to describe
the infinitive but it's just on its own
that is what the word means
yeah and then once you take that into
context you know so if you want to say I
have its if harbor if you want to say
you have it du hast although Harbin I
think is not a regular verb it's an
irregular verb so let me find okay
trinken yeah let's go trinken trinken is
to drink so the first thing I had to
learn was the correct endings based off
of singular plural you know like you
guys black et cetera so which are kind
of knew before I always knew like a
drinker so you take off the Infinity if
you take the en off the ending and 4i
you just add the e so if trinka do
drinks so you always remove the en and
you just have the st that do which is
you singular and z-s he/she/it so third
person is you take off the en again and
you just have a tea dough trinkt air
drink he drinks then we have V so V
drinkin v is we so it kind of stays the
same as the infinitive most of the time
I think this is what I've learned so far
remember I'm not a teacher this is just
my time sharing my journey of you Soviet
rincon then you have ear so ihr ear
trinkt it follows the same pattern as z
s and that is for like what is it for is
for like you guys but plural is for you
but plural so if it if those two and I
was like you guys
it's like ear drink yes a second person
and the final one is the third person
plural which is Z again which is a bit
confusing in German because Z which is s
ie which obviously means she D is also
plural in German so plural for like them
yeah so st. but in verbs it's quite easy
because Z trinken so it stays the same
as the infinitive again it's anyway
that's kind of I properly learned that
because before I just knew a little bit
like I knew it and then you do but I
didn't really know anything else but as
soon as I started with the verbs and the
reason I went to learn verbs by the way
is because I feel like most things you
want to talk about in simple terms
involve of I'm sitting filming a video
walking to the shop where I mean I'm
just describing English verbs it but
most basic things involve verbs so I
thought if I could learn grammatically
the verb structure correctly that's
going to help me fill in the blanks with
sort of the filling words to begin with
so it's verb drills because for example
is like right the present tense of the
following verbs so o holdren which is
hearing a hora do host z hot air hot
I've given myself a little tips you can
see Barden two-bath and went to learn at
the beginning I was writing so Barden is
two bars it'sin is to sit because that
helped me kind of understand and then I
had to do things like this so last math
on pool and roof and you have to sort of
rearrange it into the right way so Paul
and odo Lam make sense then I did
present tense of irregular verbs this
was quite annoying because Germany has a
lot of irregular verbs so the main part
of this video I even wanted to get to
because I don't we just want to sit here
and bore you by like reading through
this verb but I don't think that's
really gonna do anything but I did a
little test Steffi she tested me to see
if I could write down I don't know how
much like 30 or 35 verbs in the
infinitive form so not like go through
every single one but just write down the
verbs and translate them into English
and when she said that was like holy
shit
sounds like a lot but how'd it go and I
did alright it is alright yeah this was
from complete memory so essentially
these are the verbs that I've learned
okay here we go
ignore what this piece of paper was on
by the way I went to draw a tree at
first and then I got creative and
started writing my name in graffiti
text alright here we go spielen is
playing or to play vafan living and then
here is where Stephie's come in and
corrected it yeah because my spelling is
not that great Garen going laugh and
waking swimming swimming zhehan seeing
common coming Kenan no in essen eating
drinking drinking Ronon not one bomb
huran hearing scream Sriman tree burn
try burn back and baking coffin cooking
this is was hard in German cotton is
cooking but cookin is watching so coming
from English clop see cooking is cooking
yeah so something that's cooking but
anyway but silent is paying kalfa and
it's buying muffin is doings it'sin is
sipping schlaf and it's sleeping and so
on and I think I got 245 so I was pretty
happy with that if I'm honest cuz I had
no idea I knew that many verbs and I
feel like it's actually a little bit of
progress in my learning because it was a
little test we had these words and I had
to write them down and I passed so yeah
I just kind of wanted to share some of
what I've been doing with you guys like
I said we still need to figure out a way
of doing it I saw one comment saying
something like downloaded GCSE paper and
see if you can complete that but one I
don't know if my German is anywhere near
that level yet - I don't know if that's
just boring because I want to make it
fun as well so we had another idea that
like obviously we can find online sort
of German tests in bite-sized pieces and
Matt can test me on those and I can't so
we can maybe do it that way but I feel
like if I sit down at beginning and talk
about what I've learned what I found
hard
and then we move into some sort of test
that would be the good thing so yeah the
hard thing with verbs like I said is
there are just so many irregular verb so
what I told you at the beginning about
the infinitive not change that's for
regular verbs there are so many changes
when it comes to irregular verbs so so
learn things like verbs with separable
prefixes in the present tense do you
understand that in English because I
didn't that basically means what Germans
kind of do is they put two words into
one verb for example I'm Calvin yeah so
Calvin is I kind of know it's like
buying but I I'm Calvin is to buy or to
shop so then when you use that verb in a
sentence you split it but basically I'm
Calvin which is one word becomes two
words and Calvin or if you kalfa however
you use it in the sentence it's kind of
as normal and then at the end of the
sentence right the end you'd have I'm
which is the beginning of that word
anyway what was I going to say
I just wanted to give you an example of
an irregular verb because really fucking
hard so the thing with the irregular
verbs is it's not like you have regular
verbs and irregular verbs and that's it
you have to learn a rule one for one one
for the other in within the irregular
verbs that fools many different rules
and this is one struggling with so based
on how a verb ends gives it a different
bra so for example kibum which is to
give like giving following the normal
version you would remove the en and then
I went through the st. you add an e adam
st at e et cetera by it goes like this
e gaiba which is the same do get so you
have to learn that there's a vowel
change so from an e to an I so Gibbon
yeah the e changes to an I so then it's
do gift a gift and then it just goes
back to the normal vir jibon ear get Z
given but there's no like real
understanding that you just have to
learn the reasons why it does that and
that's what I find really hard because
there's so many like like I said that
vow changes
from interview to an i but then yeah so
listen to read it changes from a vow
from the e to an IE so it's e Lisa same
no change do lysed do do least L iest
air least it's the same so that is the
same as do before vir Leeza and then it
goes back to normal
alright here's another one a vow change
from an a to an I don't know how you
call it Joe in the a with the two dots
which is like and and how does it change
into an air a to an how's the pronounce
it how do you pronounce that the letter
the a with the dogs it's like an how you
pronounce the English so like you're at
the dentist and you're going so far l'm
right to full falling the vowel changes
from the a to this a with a hat on there
so I'm going to call that if father do
face first
very hard is very hard but these are any
some examples if I was to then show you
so I'm just giving you one place example
right so it tells you how change from
eight and then it's a whole list of all
of these verbs fit into that rule of
changing that a into the a with the
point like that so it's like you have to
not only learn like it's like that but
you have to learn that that rule applies
to all of these verbs and then like I
said once from an e to an ia as like all
of these verbs you just have to learn it
what I said at beginning changes from an
e to an i
it's then Brecon sm cool of these verbs
wait goes on to the other page a man
sprang
you see I felt like I've summed up there
is what I've struggled
with the verbs when they're irregular so
my shoutout today is for any tips with
remembering that any help
if there are specific rules to know why
it does a white doesn't have that change
in the verb that would be very helpful
she's done that's what she's saying oh
ha ha ha no she does know she's can I
use this as a mirror as a German you
just know you just grow up yeah that's
always gonna say you just learn it from
school you just learn it so it's the
same as daddy and that's you just learn
so that is my shout out for you guys if
there is any way to learn those verbs if
there's anything I should do to practice
those then please share your advice fun
learning I'm getting there slowly and I
saw another comment about people saying
fill out right out post-it notes and
stick them around your house with things
on them Paul has a really good idea I
was like my house is gonna look shit but
when anyone comes around I'm just got
hundreds of post-it notes around the
house they're just gonna be like but I
did think it was a good idea
also some ones to change your phone to
German again really I did I just don't
think I'm on there just yet but all of
those things I will take into my routine
as I get better anyway that's going to
end this video I hope it wasn't too all
over the place with all of that
information yeah I look forward to
hearing your advice your clients and I
will see you in part 3 all right bye
choose us well fear the scene choose
