hello how's it going guys today I'm
wearing a vest not because it's hot
not because it's summer not because I
want to get my nipples out but because
we're doing fanfiction part 5 and I just
wanted to get this skin out you know
let's get it's a bit raunchy it's a bit
flavorsome show that best again so last
time the viewers got really really
bitchy towards Layla because you know I
was hanging out with very little bit we
went on a date the beach us and Louise
and Darcy though hopefully so it was sex
eighteen weeks later that's what it
should have been earlier you know when
it was like one pregnant that should
have been like eight weeks later not two
days later today was the second scan of
our baby and me and marks are excited
that we may be able to find out the sex
Oh check you out I tried to make an
effort
unlike some oh we were driving to the
store my favorite song came on the car
so I cranked up the music inside
screaming better say mark your bubble on
the track next everybody needs somebody
to love everybody needs somebody to love
and I choose you and I choose you
appointment for Miss Rose please my
conception if he joined his fingers of
mine we both were called in shortly
after I was greeted by a nurse called
Claire class we is this called liquid on
my stomach which made me flinch and
there you go one healthy little baby
would you like to know the sex yes we do
Oh congratulations you have a little boy
look at that we have a boy I smile at
Marcus whose face had fell what's up
aren't you glad it's a boy of course I
do I wanted to go so she could look as
beautiful as you you were so cheesy
Marky I love you for it
me and Marcus went home to chew and eat
pizza off hospital by rank Zoe to tell
her the news
Zoe is literally become this girl's best
friend like from nothing she was excited
about baby shopping already
I heard Marcus talking his bedroom thank
you for coming to this you know of a
great fun talking boy I watched Marx as
he logged out closing his computers down
and then spinning around on his chair we
childish Marcus childish stuck my tongue
out and he stuck his out mocking me
that's why you love me
oh so people are asking why you have
been in any of my vlogs recently where's
your vlogging camera why you'll see I
turned on his camera and turned it so
the lenses directly on me oh I turn the
camera to record Marcus he looked at me
for a minute before saying to the camera
that's
just because it's been riding my chair
could we
doesn't mean I'm told ish are you sure
you want to be in it yes I love you
enough to part with the hate for a
relationship but what if they do see my
baby bump though they look down on my
slightly bumped belly it wasn't a huge
bump I could hide it for only a bit
longer well they'll just have to Jessica
a tweet a quick morning message my
viewers and then I slowly got off bed
and put a pillow where Leila's head is
what she's suffocating her I go down sir
to see if anyone else was away morning
mom
morning morning sue I turned around to
see Leila a little get her hello she
walks over to my cat Bailey and picks
her up and morning to you Bailey my
legendary cat Bailey that was a boy not
a girl my favorite cat is is not alive
anymore I Drive to Zoe now his apartment
I really want to ask out his wife we do
our normal hellos hello what's up guys
that's what we do every creak each other
what did you want to ask me that night I
put my head in my hands uh
chapter 20 will you dot dot dot
question mark he's gonna ask her for a
freeway I'm in my room getting ready for
the date walked invited me on tonight
Zoe sing I'm literally hanging out all
the time so he's sitting on my bed
reading a magazine because I need help
with my outfit what about this I twirl
around and show you the dress off there
you go new hot mama we had the door
knocks who's Zoe runs together there's
so much enthusiasm I hear talking
footsteps as I make my way down the
stairs tonight is the night I'm going to
pop the question I stand and wait for a
while then I see the most beautiful girl
I've ever laid my eyes on walking down
stairs she looks just gorgeous Wow I
breathe out
no the blushes at my reaction causing me
to smile once we're both ready I Drive
to the restaurant Wow Marcus you didn't
have to do this it's beautiful
we both ordered steak and sit there
talking for ages afterwards we decide to
go for a walk along Brighton Pier Lela
there's something I need to tell you I
love you so so much and when I found out
you had a boyfriend and you stormed out
that door I thought I'd lost you forever
and I never want to take that risk again
so will you Lela Middleton Rose my heart
starts pounding
as Marcus gets on one knee and reaches
for something in his pocket he pulls out
a blue box and opens it saying the words
marry me I'm speechless
tears of joy started falling yes Marcus
oh my god yes it takes my left hand and
slips on the ring he puts his face to
mine swat4 heads are touching a lovely -
Floyd but that lean into him and kiss
him passionately oh it's not too
romantic is it well I would point out
you the boyfriend and walked out that
door I didn't want to lose you so will
you marry me there's a tip any boys out
there say that to your missus
it's gorgeous you're one very lucky lady
Missy
Zoe explains she admires my engagement
ring I couldn't be more happy and guess
whose birthday is in a few days haha my
20th birthday and look at me baby
shopping for this little guy and having
the most perfect boyfriend propose to me
I'm in bed tucked up to Marcus I haven't
seen him much since the proposal last
weekend he's been busy preparing for
summer in the city I'm just drifting off
but my stomach got really heavy Marcus
look he's kicking Mike's hasn't really
seen the baby kick because he's been
busy and the baby's only just started to
move about lazy baby hi little guy
Mark's puts his warm hands where the
baby was kicking which calms him down
instantly I have the boss who likes his
daddy Oh missed you
see you Monday I have a birthday
surprise for you I'll miss you too I
can't wait now go shake that booty for
your viewers chuckles Oh watch Marcus
shake his bum as he walked to the taxi I
decided just spend the weekend with my
mum because I haven't spent proper time
with her lately
done leaving that there next chapter is
chapter 22 birthday surprises well this
is always the most requested video by
the way guys you absolutely love this
fan fiction stuff if you are still
enjoying it make sure to smash that
thumbs up button I hope you guys enjoyed
this video I'll see you tomorrow on
alright
