hello ladies gentlemen boys and girls
welcome back to another reading of dirty
youtuber fanfiction with Marcus Butler
I'm stop talking like that except it's a
really creepy man voice basically last
episode Marcus and Leila appeared to
she's pregnant basically and she also
broke up with Harry don't know what's
gonna happen next
we're about to find out let's begin
love me looking at the hem from the
moment we spent together at Starbucks I
fell in love with you oh my god MA Wow
really Marcus really fallen for that
quickly he wiped away my tears with his
thumbs
oh I'm confused at what I'm feeling a
lot has happened Marcus pregnancy Harry
I don't know what to feel right now
there's definitely something there for
Marcus well kind of having a baby
so how far go to you that she's now
speaking to us - is it like a proper
family planning this for a hitch it's
two weeks I looked down at my stomach I
guess it's best to get the most out of
this before my belly turns into a
balloon oh my god Oh little fetus monkey
butt butt so he chuckled to herself
right should we tell your mom they're
mine my mom was in a foul mood with me
but after explaining I needed her Marcus
said he was sick with me the whole way
through she calmed down but marked his
parents weren't too happy but they all
need to concern - that I was covered up
- Marcus with my head on his lap but he
played with my hair Marcus yes
promise you won't leave me Layla you're
perfect with a baby in you or not and
you will never be boring because we will
make fun nights in together I love you
and our little fetus
I wake up to the smell of pancakes
filling my nose and making me hungry I
go to get out but something heavy is
weighing me down I look and Marcus is
snoring with his head on my stomach I
rough words hair and tried to wake him
up gently wake up Marcus Marcus Marcus
he looks so cute what come on I want my
food and you're crushing me I head
downstairs to hit arguing no slowly at
the milk because your record it will be
fine oh my god outfit those see give it
to me I'll do it you've only just moved
in together and you're already arguing
like chuckle yeah well someone here
can't make pancakes so as I guess the
comment says she grabbed some pancake
mix and wipes on Alfie's those all you
cheeky so that morning gorgeous
a fling just something hold my waist
morning Tom Fletcher
you look so cute with your trademark
quick you'll say Mike whiff isn't cute
miss burrows you know I mean Marcus I
wink back let's go into the beach all
four of us so he beams as she walked
downstairs from her shower dies louise
is coming to we arrive at the beach it's
busy so he spots Louise so he head over
to Darcy Darcy comes running to outfit
as he spins her around how cute you must
be Lela
Louise comes up and hugs me me the
reason so you're all talking in a group
I get to know Louise and she is lovely
boo a jump out of my skin a turn around
see Marcus yeah there's two times today
you've managed to scare the living shit
out of me Marcus Oh will you hold mode
Oh No yes we are
Marcus starts tickling me my weak point
Marcus Marcus please stop but he picked
me up instead
Marcus what'd you do put me down he runs
over to the sea and throws me in buzz he
jumps in and swims to me how far did I
throw her his face was so close to mine
on lips nearly touching his hot breath
tickles as he gets closer while I
swimming like
we move in sync as he but all nailed in
synchronized swimming as if he bites my
lip for entrance picture me like in the
scene going give me entrance I tease him
for a bit and I give him access oh I
love you too I mutter into the kiss oh
here we go
a few marks went home to edit videos was
Louise there Darcy I went shopping with
myself
we're in Starbucks when two girls
obviously viewers come up to us they
like Starbucks don't they oh my god just
breathe live in trance I've ever read up
your videos Joe that goes it marks his
books recently who the fuck are you it
must be fangirls of marks and of course
I'm that girl
oh hi my name is Ayla ooh looky Mark's
doesn't deserve you I look down at my
feet I best go see you later yeah I hear
Zoe and Louise catching up with me I was
trying to walk faster but it was no use
could have run later wait they probably
didn't mean it stop please Leila don't
be silly they only said it because their
typical fan goes anyone who touches
marks is dead to them and we all get Hey
boxes POV boy I just finished a blog to
put out for tomorrow I really hope my
viewers don't get bored of my blogs how
was shopping I kiss her forehead and she
doesn't blush but back at they did see
her expression on her face what did I do
what's wrong your viewers they don't
like me they don't like me Marcus I know
years Tory wouldn't like in a
relationship and that they would react
like they do to Southie with hate it's
okay whatever they said ignore them and
I take it they told you that you don't
deserve me right it's got experience but
don't care what they say I love you and
that's all that matters
but go back to my MacBook to upload and
I decide to answer a few comments on my
blogs I see a lot of comments about
Leila wow she's pretty you're so lucky
you both are you two need to last
together oMG I smile at the last one
I think guys we are we're gonna leave it
there but next time we come back chapter
18 the scan oh yeah so I hope you guys
join this theory I think it's like your
favorite stuff I've ever done on this
channel so yeah I'm gonna obviously
continue this and hopefully read more
things in this kind of style because
it's really funny and I get so yeah if
you didn't enjoy it make sure to give it
a big thumbs up and I will see you
people tomorrow with another video
buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh bye
