hey guys how's it going welcome back to
the channel so today I'm singing I want
to do this and there's been some
requests I've done a shoe collection
before I've obviously grown my shoe
collection since I live shared with you
guys so what I kind of just show you my
shoes basically I'm in a new house got
new shoes maybe talk you through some
stories through them and just see if
there's a very interesting
welcome to the shoe cupboard
bottom is smart cheese if you get that
level you'll see it's kind of I mean
we'll go for it Boeing you've got a home
hub in there well I've got keep as a
true yeah you got to keep the the tools
down there we'll get to that this was
kind of boots and whatnot
then it just asking a bit mixed really
the rest is sneakers we just look at
this drill you've got it's really good
Black & Decker again when you get the
drill harnesses sure all you guys are
really interested in what you all I have
but if you want to see the drill people
leave the comment so I think what like
mu so these are pretty special these are
probably my favorite shoes I own at the
moment it's a collaboration obviously
they're edge orders there's a
collaboration between the Levi's so yeah
they did this collaboration they ran a
super limited edition of shoes and I
wasn't expecting anything then one day I
had a package arrived and shoes were in
the package and I kind of was so shocked
and obviously very thankful nobody very
much just because so no I don't want to
ruin them but every time I've worn them
they've gained a lot of street radio
again I don't tend to wear high tops
that much because Believe It or Not for
my height of a very short legs so when I
wear high tops it looks I mean you don't
have to really film but these are 90
centimeters and they're just pretty cool
trimming the awesome snakeskin
yeah
so I've worn these that absolute death
is a Nike Air Force Ones classics but
don't if you can see through the camera
they're like an interesting material
don't really know how to describe that
it's I think it's like a winter shoot
it's like a winter sneaker they've got
an interesting grip these are literally
my day-to-day shoes I wear them with
absolutely you can see they're all very
dirty when with absolutely everything
pick these up in Berlin solar house in
Berlin has a really cool store if you
ever go to Berlin you should check it
out there's underneath the sir house
there's a store like it's a shop and
they sell amazing clothes shoes do great
food to go check out for your mother if
we're talking about winter sneakers
because I feel like they were a thing
this year really a thing these are also
some Nikes kind of very similar to the
ones I just showed you in the material
but they're high tops
and they were such a good winter boot
funny story I actually trotted dog
SHINee's when we were filming a horror
video chat to beta K remember I didn't
ask my mum came to stay clean my shoes
for me ah that's what moms are for so
behind the house changing this stuff
before but got quite a few pairs of
Yeezys I got white zebra greys I was
still one of my favorite shoes I don't
really wear them that much human race
parole ideas love those shoes Stephanie
yet she got me that she's right with
Paris I come over with polka destiny in
Paris and I went and she was in the room
she just like he gave some shoes I was
like oh please my absolute oh god they
have been
so if Y means go to an event and I'm
struggling on smart shoes these are an
absolute go to you've got the silver toe
cap there from Calvin Klein these boots
they're just I think they are beautiful
they're great you can kind of dress them
up dress them down realm of whatever you
want I mean maybe not Trekkies like you
don't know if that's a look but I would
like to request a shoe to talk about
what's that these oak slippers okay I
know that they look really comfy I've
actually got two pairs these I've owned
for donkey's years I mean you can tell
with these because all they're like
really fluffy look at the difference
here so this was lovely present from my
wonderful team at glean then they were
crazy to replace it like so many years
old so I don't really wear those anymore
and I know where these any other now
they just look really cozy it soaks I
think I've shown a lot of my trainers
before do you have a pair of quite
glitzy shoes I've only worn once so this
is a desert boot with a twist
they're really cool these are a
Giuseppe's and a common when I got them
I got them for something specifically
Waterman and I haven't read yet but they
are actually really cool and I wear them
more now I mean they're very blinkx he
can't wear too much of them but quite
Spacey they're Spacey's good I should
have worn two space thing ah
I'll show you guys
and they're not being charged Oh
Oh that's right the stomach
these are my elves if you follow me on
instagram you would have seen I posted
about these know basically electronic
shoes self-lacing but I've got feeling
that they are Jocelyn the idea is you
put your foot in and then they sell
place I always have a little light that
comes on so if you're a fan of little
pom little planter and taking the best
if you didn't know yeah these are
obviously if you have been following the
sneaker world and stuff you will have
noticed how all brands are now doing
like chunky kind of dad shoe vibes and
this is a pair that Gucci have done and
I got these when I was in LA with
Stephie over new year and just think
they're cool so yeah I don't own any
other Gucci shoes or anything else Gucci
actually but do anything so very happy
with you sad story actually so I went
into the shop and they were I've been
searching for these and they just came
out when it's shop this was the last
penny had and these are like an 800 UK
and I was like way too small for me but
I tried them on and they're actually
come up quite big so even though they
are still a little bit small I just got
I love them so much so when I do wear
them they're a bit smaller fashion right
oh there we go that was a little tore
into my shoe cupboard I said when I kind
of switch the channels up that I wanted
to be doing more stuff I'm interested
interested in on this channel so that we
blogs they'll be easy fashion star food
much more lifestyle based things so if
you're interesting the stuff where you'd
like to see something particular do let
me know in the comments but yeah hope
you guys enjoyed this video give a
thumbs up if you did and I'll see you
soon on the channel
