this scary setting is becoming nice a
little theme isn't it it's it's get
actually looking at it here in my view
thing actually looks really nice it
doesn't look that scary the lighting
looks nice and dim and you know looks
looks pretty good but yes obviously the
big headphones are out you guys know
what that means
Marcus is gonna try get scared I got a
little video this video is called the
most shocking pop-up jump scare scary
video compilation ever x-men Weisman
hurt all the time
that a penguin or a child oh my god Oh
actually scary guy found me one of the
most terrifying things I've ever watched
great way to start I don't want to watch
a rat gang killed it's gonna be mean I
don't want to watch that that's a
squirrel
what it's gonna jump at the camera it's
gonna jump at the camera you're dead
where's the other one one I'm all
tenants but I paralyzed what's going on
it's gonna jump at the camera why the
day the guy night psycho what's he doing
they keep coming back
Mahbub freaking big-ass snake there why
am i dating it's the old statement oh
it's a baby
I thought the baby was just gonna vom
everywhere mark Jackson's allergic goes
to scene on Larry King Live has been
seen by millions all right cool listen
carefully this is actual audio from the
original clip what that's not real that
oh my god that's crab clever
I might make my own jump scare video
maybe I should do that it's gonna be
terrified after that these screws again
why is it with squirrels
oh here we go gonna jump up well don't
get closer to it that looks ratty as
well it didn't make me just they're just
absolutely not nothing
sorry oh this isn't gonna scare me I've
seen this one before a hundred times I'm
just gonna continue talking I might even
have a little sick
for we're thumbs up didn't scare me
you're lucky we have a rocking chair is
that like maybe an alien ion so far is
that someone's top that's just changing
color in the TV light I can't really
weird didn't really scare me like really
many are you really doing this really
gonna give this a go probably not wise
to be saying no here we go it's gonna go
flying to the camera why is that John
this guy it's just funny FAIL that is
the most yet I've been watching a jump
to get things so far on this channel
like always if you have something
particularly scary or to get a
compilation or something you know that
will terrify me then please let me know
in the comments so I can go and do that
and I really hope you guys enjoyed this
video and I will see you very soon
tomorrow right love you
