hello and welcome to another episode of
trying to scare Marcus today we are
doing someone sent me that so I asked on
Twitter superb for some suggestions from
you guys by the way if you have any
suggestions for things to watch that
will scare me scare the crap are means
that are actually scary not like just
crap leave your suggestions in the
comments below do you like when we do
these scary videos we try and make it a
little bit scary and a bit dark a little
bit so this is the top 10 that scary of
such creepiest commercials ever
apparently got them the big headphones
on you probably say that because I
haven't watched this obviously I don't
know if this will actually be scary
because their commercials which part of
Japan TV so oh yeah
what don't there's good reason for my
glistening skin no there's no how I
shine no there's no there's no good
reasoning for this how cold must you
have been I eat little baby's ice cream
it keeps me young
it keeps me light on my feet housing
very brevity - activity I love my life I
leave it to baby's ice cream you'll wink
and nod and honey roll and high-five
each other with great enthusiasm
this guy hasn't blinked once any time
someone hits that ice cream now if I
ever see that I'm just gonna picture
that flippin man ah I think I remember
this oh yeah I remember this
that is always scary it will just light
around Halloween what's going on is it
meant to be a car and a web this isn't
creepy this is my cool
that's actually quite cool hair
transform that oh it's creepy his eyes
are just gonna open on name one doji why
is it crying what why is this
PlayStation playing oh my god I've seen
this before I've seen this somewhere
yeah cool hey bro
this isn't creepy this isn't scary
it's just a weird
oh it's English I could have sworn it
was like something this is just weird
hey hey was I'm really a fan of this
song beware the German my dear when the
moon is fat who's the cheddar man that
wasn't actually Oh God was I speaking
really loudly took my headphones off and
now I think I was speaking really loudly
considering they were commercials the
fact that songs were played on TV I
guess is a little bit weird but not
actually that terrifying and scaring me
10 but I hope you guys enjoyed this
video maybe you got scared did you get
scared or not are you a pussy like me or
not basically let me know and I will see
you guys tomorrow bye
