good morning beautiful people er how are
you today on this fine day I've just
realized I haven't even take my retainer
out yet so I had braces fun-packed hmm
that's coming gross and also a spots
yeah love spots love we cannot have
spots on your face yeah I realized like
recently I'm endemic eat something like
mmm have my teeth been starting to turn
back into the original form there in
before I had braces so braces so I had
train tracks which is you know they did
it like a yeah and then I had a retainer
well I realized I was like wait I
haven't worn my retainer in like a year
and a half I should probably saw that
out so I was at home and pops in and
I've had it in for about 30 minutes so
far this bloody sort has a lot so before
I continue I'm just gonna take this out
it's a bit gross okay
so there's something that I kind of want
to talk about because a lot of you ask
this I get asked because I go to the gym
a lot and the food I eat a lot of you
guys like all my kids you eat a healthy
end you go to the gym and you inspire
meaty healthy and workout and stuff
which I absolutely love like I can
inspire you to do something that is you
know the best thing the fact that you
can watch my videos and hopefully feel
inspired and loads you always say like
how did you do it and oh you lost so
much weight and stuff like this I've
never really talked about it or
addressed it just because I haven't
really ever felt the need to share my
story it's not even a story but seeing
us so many of us like oh can you touch
your gym routine your food routine how
you lost weight how you get healthy but
I thought I might spend a couple of
minutes talking about it with you guys
and then showing you like a before and
after because it might inspire you more
I'm gonna even done my hair yeah I need
to still kind of do that I've just got
the shower anyway so basically around
just off to us so I set a new year's
resolution to myself this time I'll
shoot one honest time
at Christmas just gone and that was to
get healthy and go to the gym and be
proactive and just get better
as that is many many many many people's
New Year's resolutions but I wanted to
actually try and stick to it so the
first thing that I started to do was
write find out information about how can
I get healthier how can I change my
lifestyle and to be honest with you the
first and most important thing is diet
like if you speak daily on who's been
through this or gives advice on it they
will tell you that diet is probably the
most important thing and just to point
out I'm not professional I can't you
know my advice might not be deemed
correct this is just what I thought was
helpful for me and so I want to make it
helpful for you so yeah I basically
changed my diet and I used to drink diet
coke like every single day like I used
to drink three cans of diet coke every
day I used to have like three packs of
crisps a day I used to eat cakes chuck
burgers chips just like as a daily thing
and I never really thought about food
and diet and stuff like that until I
started training with someone so I was
like right if I'm gonna do this I'm
gonna need somebody to get me into the
swing of things and motivate me so I got
a trainer who helped me with nutritional
advice changing my diet up and
introduced me to exercise because I've
done exercise all my life like he's
played basketball so he used to be
really active but when I stopped playing
sports and didn't really go to the gym I
just started to put on weight because I
was eating bad food and not exercising
so the two and two together makes you
put on weight now tip number one that
I'd give you which is the most important
thing is don't think about changing
everything all at once you have if you
if you want to do this you have to do
this very very very very slowly in small
stages if you're like right I'm gonna
cut everything out of my diet today you
will fail straight up because that's
impossible so I took the aim to take out
things that
so I started with drinking less diet
coke which then moved on to hangout
crisps and then slowly cutting out all
these small things over a period of time
and everyone's worse off but doing you
like crave them and doing what this and
that and to be completely honest you
with you after a month you just kind of
don't crave them now that may seem crazy
to any of you guys that have that stuff
but when you don't have it for a while
you stop craving it by that's just how
it kind of goes I don't know either
there's probably some kind of science
behind that but the first month is the
hardest and after that it just gets a
lot easier so yeah my story was I
basically in the last eight nine months
I've lost two stones so that doesn't
sound like that much compared to a lot
of weight loss stories because this
isn't really a weight loss story or this
is gonna turn really weird it's just a
tramp a Body Transformation
from somebody who didn't work out and
didn't have a good diet someone else now
who does work out and has a good diet as
I think I do
and I just want to share it with you to
hopefully inspire some of you say yeah I
lost two stone and changed up my diet
and started working out I started
learning about foods that were good for
me and foods that were not good for me
and while I should have good foods and
why I shouldn't have good foods and the
reason probably for me changing this
whole thing isn't nothing of it is to
look good like that's not my aim of this
mine to do this is to live a healthier
lifestyle to prolong my life to give me
every better chance of not getting a
critical illness due to bad foods like
cancer there's so much research that bad
foods can lead to cancer and heart
disease and one of these crazy stuff I
was like why would I want to let myself
be at risk of that if I could try and
not do that by eating better so that was
my kind of thought process going into
the whole thing so here is a picture of
me two years ago at summer in the city
two years ago with my top off but it
right here
that was me then and yeah when I when I
look back at that now I'm like oh I look
so different I put a few pictures I'll
just keep putting a few pictures here of
how I like put my before look now when I
look back I can see like there's such a
difference from those pictures there's
so many benefits from having a healthy
lifestyle such as I don't even know it
begin you feel it makes you feel so much
better about yourself if you're lacking
confidence or you there might be some
people watching this video that use food
as a comfort that's what I did like food
can be a massive come for part in your
life but if you turn to a healthier
lifestyle you can instantly start
feeling better about yourself and that's
what I found with changing my diet up
you also help things like your skin so
having your diet helps your skin
massively I found my skin's being a lot
better since having a better diet than
it was before and also things like
tiredness honestly the truth is when
you're having bad foods your blood sugar
level is just like this so in an ideal
world you want your blood sugar level to
kind of be flat like this and maybe go
up a bit and come back down so you when
you're having bad foods it's going like
this it's peaking and then drop in and
peak in and crashing because you're
basically on a sugar burnout so when
you're having all these sugars you'll
fit your your body's like oh we don't
want too high
oh I'm so tired I need more sugar oh we
don't want to hi oh my arms are tight so
you're constantly like oh my I'm so
sleepy
oh my god now and buzzing like that's
the effect of some of those foods I
don't know I'm probably boring so many
of you don't want to go too deep on this
I don't want to ramble I just want to
show you like my before and my after and
share a bit of info on that so yeah now
I'm gonna show you my after how I look
now
ah this is me now this is me la la la la
la not much to look at like I said I'm
not trying to make this to show off or
be like wow like that's not my aim I am
is just to show you like a before and an
after
and show you that if you put some effort
in and you're interested in changing
your diet and lifestyle you can see
results and that's what I've seen so
yeah don't think that this is me trying
to be like me like that's not what this
is about otherwise you'd see me take
topless pictures and selfies and
throwing them about but that's honestly
not what this is about at all so yeah I
might have rambled on too much already
so I'm just gonna slowly finish this out
but yeah I don't know it's so many of
you watching this might not even care at
all but if this helps at least one of
you then that makes me feel better so
yeah let me know like in the comments if
you do want this not this if you want me
to talk more about it or if you want to
know anything else that I haven't really
covered or gone into town do let me know
and this is Tony it's like a video don't
I'm gonna take off the tripod is but on
the tripods that had a lot of things to
say but yeah I'm gonna continue back
into my normal daily vlog now but I just
had these thoughts in my mind and wanted
to kind of share them with you so yeah
so I put my retainer back here I
promoted back in and I've come out in
public for getting I had it in so I've
now gonna be like four shots with this
in my high so yeah first place been to
the post office to pick up this bracelet
I ordered ages ago and it's finally
coming slow I want to show you guys i
think is just go on it to kind of match
my skull earring you'll see it has got
two skulls this is it it's like I love
the bracelet with two little skulls on
the end so it's quite cooled that's the
skull it's quite big I've got really
skinny wrists hmm do I like it I don't
know
it's kind of cool what do you guys think
doesn't really stay on my rest it's been
oh you can't make it smaller yeah do you
like it I like it it's just quite big my
little I'll take some lunch got some
chicken and some like beans mixed beans
and stuff yum yum yum being a little
goddess today I've got two washing modes
today I've done all the food shopping
well so I don't say that's actually
about it so maybe not so much of a
goddess so now gone out so we're
babysitting Daisy well they're not
really babysitting cause she's being hot
soup already we've just come here to
make sure of things that came of her and
nothing else wrong it's the first time
she's gone out and we've cooked some
food we've don't really not we've cooked
it's just better than mixed max of
everything Mitch mix and match I don't
know kind of like for heat three thing
here he knows what some mushrooms we
cooked a Mexican quinoa thing and I got
some sausages though so yeah we've got
our first problem
the baby monitor guys noemi's mom said
to leave her for a minute if she said
all four minutes had to go up and try
right we've got a bottle to try feet
abut Daisy doesn't what
be yeah she doesn't what to feed which
sucks and if it gets pretty bad then was
just have to cool known as manage have
to come back so we never really update
you on the situation with Daisy
we ran upstairs to see if she is okay
and we started trying to calm her down
and then we will try to feed her bottle
milk because even though she doesn't you
still try every single day and then she
just carried on cry for like 10-15
minutes so we had people know if his mom
and she had to come back which kind of
sucked her because it was their first
night out in five months but she
yeah they stayed out for 20 minutes and
then had to come back to breastfeed
Daisy so that's what happened and now
we're back home so I'm gonna go to bed
now Thunder this video enjoy it and I'll
see you tomorrow right yeah
