marzia basilicum she is the girlfriend
of few lifestyle youtuber it's got like
70 million subs witches that is to be
applauded but she after uploading for
several several years has announced that
she is stopping YouTube she's retiring
she announced it in a in a video kind of
that came well I hold my hands up I'm
not an avid watcher of her channel so I
don't know if it something was leading
up to it and she had like a big
announcement or something but it seemed
like a very at the blue out of the blue
hey guys a message - so if anyone that
hasn't watched it she did kind of like
made an eight-minute video summing up
her time on YouTube how she started a
bit of kind of like a draw my life I'd
say yep and then just spoke about
wanting to it felt like the right time
that she wanted to let it go stop move
on to different things things that she
didn't say she didn't give any info on
what those things were back which
frustrated me I deserve the right to
know that of course I don't but I get
why she didn't do it coz then she's not
putting pressure on whatever it is that
she wants to do but what do you make of
it what do you make of likey that's the
first time I've seen a really big
youtuber retire well well we've seen
many youtubers retire for a set period
of time haven't we oh yeah I'm by
YouTube one month later I mean how many
videos have we seen quitting YouTube
question mark we've done a few I have
many thoughts on it firstly is this she
really quitting that's my beacon I just
feel so click baited by so many
youtubers you just I don't know what is
it isn't yeah like when her boyfriend
said he was going to delete his channel
at 50 million subs and then his I've
just rolled everyone so if she does
stick to it like Fair Play to just be
that decisive with a huge decision you
know
you're right I kind of want to know what
she's gonna go on to do yeah but at the
same time I said to you when it happened
she's in a position where she's she's
lucky she's in a position where she can
make that decision because you know what
if you're on this platform and you're
not as successful as her obviously she's
gonna be married to Felix the biggest
most successful person one of them
osseous people on the whole of the
Internet yeah how would it be if someone
who doesn't have that level of success
wants to stop but feels they have
nothing else they can do and they don't
they're not in a position financially
where they can just decide to stop
that's what I've been thinking about a
lot recently is are there people in that
position on the platform do you think
what do you think being in that position
would be like you know it's it starts to
scare me to think about it because then
we become you've become like what
trapped yeah almost trapped and I then
started trying to cross cross reference
it to say musicians whoo this is gonna
sound really weird I was I was reading
about Russell Brand and Katy Perry the
reason for them splitting cuz I think no
there's no gossip here but Katy Perry
kind of like bored her heart out saying
ah you know some of my biggest songs
were about him and now she can't go out
and perform and not perform those songs
because her fans love those songs and
they're gonna be able to and I was just
thinking this has gone so far from our
time back but it's similar as that I
guess when you when you are in the
public eye and you put stuff out there
whatever you do you must sometimes feel
an element of being trapped yeah oh it's
a responsibility isn't it like to your
fans yeah that's a weak example of her
doing that and some of the biggest bands
when they have to do the first song you
have a really big song that they hate
don't have to do it every night or every
gig because if you don't do it people
will cool them out and be like but I
think I paid for this song but what
people maybe don't think with that is
that what is that song actually about
and obviously a lot of music comes from
real life experiences so if the
musicians have got a real life
experience that
inspired that song and that experience
was a nice thing and s now turned a
horrible thing yes like it must be
really I remember one of them
paramours biggest song I think it's
misery business and they didn't perform
that anymore because it was written
along like must be like ten years ago
and now with lyrics in there which
appear to be slut-shaming
right so all various I want that big
song sits up because time has changed
and what we perceive to be okay not okay
they don't do it anymore but I think
that's one thing that's good but to
that's more understandable than if if
it's really personal experience that's
hard isn't it like yeah yeah you're
right actually imagine writing about
period of your life which was the worst
but then that's your most successful
stuff must be pretty that's
basically the whole series of Bojack
horseman in a nutshell yeah I need to
watch the rest of that I'm gonna play
devil's advocate on this does she even
need to make a video announcing her
retirement because isn't that a bit
narcissistic in the sense that just just
stop why do you need to tell people and
like on social media people be like Oh
guys I'm gonna give up Twitter for a
month I will just give up why do you
have to tell people what you're doing I
would disagree with that based on if you
think of I think of a professional
footballer retiring
they don't just imagine Ronaldo tomorrow
stops playing football doesn't say
anything about it just stops yeah being
everyone in the football world all of
his fans would be like where the is
he what what's going on like if he
decided he was I'm now gonna go and
become a professional golfer oh I don't
know not professional do something out
of his time he would feel a duty to
announce it wouldn't he yeah and yeah
just thinking of it in that respect
she does have millions of people who
have subscribed her who I know what
you're saying about it coming across
narcissistic but I think she would
probably just feel a duty to just say
hey like this is what's happening
because otherwise if you leave it open
like that I'm sure a lot of people would
want to just do
just suddenly leave but then you're
gonna be harassed for ever with where
have you gone when are you coming back
what are you doing and if she does say
want to move away from YouTube that's
gonna be hard to do without saying hey
let's go kind of relating into a breakup
right if you break up online yeah and
you're just like hey guys we've broken
up
people just don't accept that and they
want to know the reasons why I'm exactly
what's happened because people are nosy
like that so but an interesting element
of how much she's done it is that she's
that made this video announcing it but
she's also left up like I think five or
six videos yes a handful of videos
handful of videos from a whole career
yeah and it got me thinking that's
obviously her exit plan that's what she
wanted to do for whatever reason how
would you do it if you were to do have
you got an exit plan or anything like
that like a strategy I guess it's not
something you really think about until
yeah I don't know I'm gonna stop yeah
cuz she had it tied up with it was seven
the exact day seven years after she
started so she must have been obviously
compelling for a while but I don't know
man like it is so hard to imagine
tomorrow being because her is she
completely stopping social later she
stopped posting on Instagram is she
gonna stop because she didn't really say
it she was just talking about YouTube so
yeah
depends what we're talking about if we
were just stopping YouTube or like I
think what's a scary thought is if I was
to become so or anyone if anyone was to
become so sick of social that they were
like right I just want to completely
remove myself from that because people
have done it we've seen youtubers have
done that in the past but they haven't
said anything leafy just disappears she
doesn't say anything about it waste time
chasing cars what I would say with them
though is that they are purely youtube
if he's not really big on Instagram or
Twitter or anything else no but they
don't they have like just disappeared
haven't but yeah that's what I'm saying
I think it's easier for them because
then you're big like Marzia or if you
we're doing it like if you stopped
everything I think that would freak
people out I think they would be
genuinely worried you think I freaked
myself out because yeah what was such a
scary I'd have I told you I woke up in
the middle of last night I don't know if
I dreaming or not and I was like I need
to stop everything what that means I was
I dreaming was I last video guys I'm
disappearing was it a good dream or a
nightmare
that's tickle don't remember anything
else it was like I had an epiphany and
it was almost like the Epiphany woke me
up oh my god in the simulation come back
to bed okay yeah because it's so
different it's like in a normal job and
you leave handy notes in give a month
give two months notice
hey this swamp doing boom and that a lot
of that time especially if I don't know
you obviously keep some of the people
you stay in contact with some those
people but that it's just out your
memory that you've experienced that in
life but now you're on to whatever
exciting opportunity is next it's a
weird like there's nothing to compare it
to it's such a unique thing and yeah if
you were to do it Phil on social media
blackout that's extreme did you imagine
it would you yeah yeah I think so or I
think I would do it just maybe get a
second account of something and I like
be doing it not necessarily the having
people respond and things but sometimes
I like just putting my thoughts out
there for whatever reason I don't know
why that is but do you know I've taken
pictures on Instagram and putting them
up yeah so I was thinking which may have
sparked the dream of switching off all
comments just in general I know we spoke
about before Klein said about not having
like some pores answer but just comment
so I don't know I feel like this is
sidetracked from what
like going down the rabbit hole
so you haven't you don't have an exit
plan there aren't like certain videos
you'd keep up in certain videos you
would take off and things like that now
you'd be happy to leave it all up there
like that's that's your legacy to the
world you must remember me yeah you know
it is weird is that some people have
sent pictures of me and like some other
youtubers from my generation we're now
in like text books and stuff no like 30
episodes ago or something how is the
brick crew gonna be in yeah you can
study it sort of thing yes oh my god
that's amazing that's my legacy no no I
don't know what I do it's better this
way
marzia taking all of those down does
that mean she doesn't earn off those
videos anymore yeah sure her social
place not gonna be looking very good
that's like minus 500 million I want to
know what she's doing though but see I
think she's gonna carry on posting on
Instagram
maybe you just doesn't excite her
anymore yeah well in that respect it's
easier to do Instagram than YouTube I'd
say would you agree that I would agree
of that it in terms of like just
logistically and how long things take
tough one to tackle I would say if you
want to remove yourself as being a
personality off the internet you can do
that with Instagram better than YouTube
you're you know it's hello this is me
it's a video you wear as Instagram you
can just a videos ten minutes every day
instagrams one second of your Dave if
it's a picture I guess they've Instagram
it is still the same as YouTube in terms
of it-it's the creative ideas behind it
isn't it because that's often what
people don't realize takes the longest
to do like how to decide what to put up
what to make when YouTube or Instagram
or what photos take what outfits am I
gonna wear what all that kind of thing
when you're a professional Instagram
anyway because I think most people when
I use instruments laugh
a lot of people have got Instagram but
don't earn money from it an Aegis user
as a byproduct of their life yeah they
take pictures of the the nice things or
the arty-farty things whatever it is
whereas a professional Instagram has to
think what am i posting today while my
posting tomorrow
what outfits have I yo D worn this
outfit is obviously a fashion
perspective course wherever you're doing
Marzia good luck yeah
Fairplay and respect for doing it like
that I think that takes a lot of guts
and it was a really well done video as
well wasn't it yeah like it was very
nice how it documents to her whole kind
of journey
it felt satisfying in that respect
seeing like a beginning middle and end
it
our weekend are we gonna hit a point
where youtubers are stopping being
youtubers do you think I think so I
think in the next three years we're
gonna see a lot of youtubers not
disappear but remove themselves from why
do you think that oh I just
consent to God feeling good in a feeling
gonna be me the only things I can really
think about is that if you've gained a
lot of success from it it then becomes
not a burden but just it's hard to
continue that yeah with that growth and
with that responsibility and things like
that and I think it's a very unique kind
of pressure yeah I agree
and it's so personal it's so you know
it's not company you know yeah you
haven't I mean I know these youtubers do
have teams that are there to support but
even then it's still it's a big burden
yeah and it isn't it they're still the
face of that brand yeah yeah we got
exactly it's even though people you know
you are brand you are people set up as
limited companies and all this stuff is
yeah they are still the face even though
that logistic how the set up is they're
not it's still everyone attach
themselves to that figure so
we'll Sivan next couple years you heard
it here first
