look at that guy's that's a tattoo oh
not if it's not in focus it's not that's
how my tattoo looks right now I'm
actually very very happy with that
the reason it's shiny is because I still
have a lovely coconut oil and tattoo
aunt Minh that I'm putting on to
continue the healing process it's pretty
much boy it's fully healed but I still
like to look after anyway the reason I'm
showing you that tattoo is because it
goes in theme for today's video which is
guess the celebrity by their tattoo we
did this on youtubers on youtubers now
we're doing it on celebrities fun fact
YouTube for whatever reason they decided
it was a valid reason band my video from
advertising apparently it wasn't
friendly to advertisers now I queried
that I haven't had anything back yet
still unsure as to why is unfriendly for
advertisers guess these you buy a tattoo
challenge a common threat unfriendly for
advertisers no ads the same someone
starts a pedophile in districts that's
fine it's cool isn't it you ready number
one okay how many celebs have we got
cool twelve twelve celebs okay twelve
celebrities twelve tattoos I could be
very bad at this here we go
that is ever seen that before in the
press this type of information I haven't
laughed is really like region I only
guess because actually likes cats uh she
doesn't change I was like I was a dog
someone very it's a serious is a long as
one is is it go yes yeah
the cage parity no what does that say
does that say twenty on the side okay so
and then that can you read that text if
fish is funny is that it's not Cara
Delevigne
it's not what more guess one more swept
to harder and they sing uh yeah hello
very big yeah it was a very good guess
they're white well yes
I'm trying to think about Lady gaga no
that's fine
I'm sorry if you guys know the answers
to these ah Miley Cyrus that kind of
makes sense I can imagine it having this
those tattoos now oh my god I've seen
this I've literally seen this tattooed
waiting on Pinterest yeah I think that's
dr. Wu it's a girl yeah oh I literally
don't know it's so annoying so I was I
think I even showed that to Stephanie I
was like look how cool this is
well Julie getting a live version of
that tiger version yeah I guess I don't
know I do like Tigers are just my
favorite is the stripes at your favorite
no just cool yeah they're majestic
creatures they are what you cried you
saw it in the wild yeah I would they
don't know Africa no.81 Asia yeah he's
cool
India you get a lot in India isn't it
yeah that's your attack people that they
come into villages I don't know it was
that on life on planet Earth
yeah anyway so that is I honestly don't
know
is it any golden no it's a girl and
their singer no it's a British girl
actor actress part-time part-time
there's other things what things what
she famous war I think you know way
she's not sport the star no model yes
the cara delevingne yes happy of that I
didn't know that there's a very old
photo of car that brilliant that's
helpful on even cedar
do you laugh yourself when you edit in
Photoshop I bet you do don't I feel like
I've seen is it Nicole Kidman no it's
not completely wrong but do you feel
like I've seen is it one on a Kardashian
no but that's closer
this person is huge ameri-ghen
yep it's hard guys this one is hard oh
oh is it um
no wrong whooping they not an actress do
that so do I his Angelina Jolie no oh
yeah I do I feel like my guess is let's
find out Selena Gomez I have seen it
there's an interesting smile a chair
yeah yeah good
I'm a bigger chair Valentin is a funny
picture I would like a tiger version of
that no to be fair I'm not with them I'm
not into color tattoos personally oh
that is interesting
there's a boy is they look quite young
no middle-aged look quite skinny though
yeah
I think he is factor has done too but
not known for noticing not singing music
it's not Jared left early
no it's not he's known for rapping known
to rap it it's not a banana I did not
know ever never had a tattoo like that
Eminem is a legend oh my god is such an
old photo that one round his wrist I'm
not too sure about that
I've seen that what does it say it's
very bad quality is that someone from
Lonely Island are you sure positive that
is a good song oh is that it's an
amazing obviously I want to listen to
actually I know it was how's it going oh
oh I forgot Mother's Day do you get a
gift for her other plants got in their
way she'll be so disappointed that I got
it too this could have been avoided what
the hell are we gonna do my mom's been
so fun and this is her daddy level
player off this video so it's not any of
them is it a female look looks like a
female's um yeah I honestly have no idea
but this like British okay I was gonna
say Katy Perry I don't know you need to
use your repertoire question is a fan
cotton no I like that guess so that's
not an actress yes I feel like I don't
know you met this many actresses had
tattoos is it someone from Game of
Thrones
no British actress who are you is it
what's her name not Selina who's Mary
jewel or Ciera CNN in a minute personal
younger pause yours find out I'm doing
shit on this doesn't die so tattoo
apparently hey that looks very thing I
don't think that's real it's not real
time I'm not really a fan of that if I'm
being honest um no there's loads of Emma
Watson fans out there don't kill me I'm
sorry I was gonna say do you know who I
said who isn't British what's her name
in Twilight Bella what's her name what's
her name is Christian Spears
curtains to Christian on the roofs
yeah I'll figure that out it's a guy
yeah I don't recognize their body it's
not Bebe's
quite famous recessives British quite
famous for their tattoos
their footballer yes Dave Beckham yes an
interesting picture was he'd like I
think he's at Sam Singh event in Japan
or something and he's just like hey guys
I got this for you just lifts
that's hairstyles very quick I know his
tattoo again I know you're watching this
Harry I'm not sure on the chest ones the
Swans and the butterfly not five yeah
that's what he looks like
top lettuce he's got quite a cool one on
his right he's got quite a few cool ones
off his left arm what
why have you bought it more boys going
on here is it Adam Levine yeah know what
I do have a bit of a man crush on Adam
oh yeah I do have a bit man crush it was
so cute how he died he's really
supportive of his girlfriend it's quite
cute
Victoria Secret model no but he's always
there in the crowd when she walks he's
always like oh I'm like giving it some
it's not I don't think he needs to five
does it's been doing for long time at
one of those bars that man has changed
the tour change that sounds there yeah
do you like them though I'm actually you
know it's like you moves like Jagger and
stuff as I'm here but it's like you hate
Coldplay and these they know what they
are called play out yeah they're like oh
like you've got free rice in the road so
you're the role here but definitely not
this person are they British yes
they look like they look fake man they
look not real why they so dog that
someone's color diamond is it's not
gonna hold a guy is it an actor it is
yeah it's like earners are they English
or British English okay that image you
are quite a big fan it's not um I was
gonna say job but that he is Scottish
isn't he yes for Irish you can get this
one I feel like I've seen them I can
just like picture something they're in
that it's not Wolverine Hugh Hugh no
he's Australian
you get him yes pause let's find out ah
Tom Hardy they real
are they not real Tom Hardy does not
like those tattoos and she does yeah is
it more the Rolling Stones yeah yeah
maybe you're right
not really a fan of the Terry's good
shape strong oh yeah but think you
played Bain what the hell is that
is that hangman on someone it's fun
comic strip comics you don't know you're
gonna get the last one is just a second
to last one so just use your questions
wisely are they British no no American
yeah are they an actor yes you get to a
big actor in America I was gonna say Zac
Efron but it's not not her he's more in
chin that Oh mate why is this so hard
the hater celebrity ones I'm on your
side in the selection I want you to do
well are they young coming up to
middle-aged coming up to me baby been
around for a while but amazing it's not
like Jay King no age don't know the pops
ah Ryan Gosling
then I why I feel his name there again
I'm surprised like actors have tattoos
this many tattoos and Justin Bieber no
same industry
Zayn no tonightly why would I get that
one so easily
cuz you're a very big fan of his oh you
know I also can't even figure out what
it looks like piece of skin on a white
paper that it's been chopped off like I
can't even tell what body part lies I
don't know it's gonna say drape but I
don't mean it straight saying fingers
Drake singer and rapper mainly sing
nothing
Chris Brown yes I'm a massive fan of
Chris Brown he's okay no this is now oh
that was hard that's it so you got 50%
seven seven out of 12 weekend I will
happily take that I hope you guys
enjoyed the video playing at home give
the video a thumbs up if you did
subscribe if you're new and I'll see you
tomorrow with another all right
