hey guys and welcome back to lower
expectations
Marx is laughing at me quite a lot
smiling okay we have a guest of us today
it's the Miss Stephanie key singer oh hi
sounds great when you say that mad
people must always say to you when you
speak by several different languages so
how do you do it what do you think and
that's always my question isn't it but
when you're doing think about
professional things how do you find it
do you prefer doing things in German oh
my god it's so much easier for me to
speak in German because you know I don't
know every single German word in English
so I always say to Marcus I don't know
if he would have fallen in love of me it
was John he would be German because I
think you are quite different when
you're speaking another language you're
choosing different words and I think
also your personality is a little
personalities different I think a little
bit
could you imagine Marcus doing a show
like a podcast in German yeah I'm
speaking any English if you can yeah
does cunt air
yeah a forced air force did for you yeah
yeah okay no but it is like I always say
it is crazy to think that is technically
English is technically your third
language yeah yeah my first language is
Russian because my parents they come
from Russia from Siberia but I was born
in Germany I think I was I was made in
Russia but boy Germany do you know what
I mean so it was very close but yeah and
then I've learned German in kindergarten
my parents only spoke Russian to me and
I'm still speaking Russian to them and
then in school learned English then you
think though when I first met you it was
I thought you're American yeah because
that because the second language is
English sometimes it comes across well
you learn English American school no in
school we learn British English okay
let's go back so helpful people who
don't know how did you guys meet because
German Russian person meeting English
right in person Instagram took some
people from all over the world Marcus
from England me from Germany we went to
the antha in Ken which was amazing we
met one day before the M phone yep it
was like dinner lunch something like
that I was sitting up as a Tim and
enough of me from the moment my eyes
that's that's how the story finishes
actually isn't it you came up to me you
asking me if I like Katy Perry and like
the rest is history and that's I was in
love with her and there are probably a
little bit creepy Louise was of us
Louise Pentland that was a bit creepy
bless Louise thank you for bringing us
together but that was weird
we were sitting on that big table at the
antha and then Louise came over and she
was like so fast you started like small
talk with me and she was very nice I
liked her but she kept being on her
phone when I found weird and then she
was like do you know Marcus no first she
asked I'm next to us and she was like I
single and I was like yes and she was
like do you want to be single and I was
like yeah I don't know just never met
the right one she was like did you meet
Marcus and I'm like oh that's so what do
I say now I was like yeah he's nice I
didn't really speak to him hmm and I'm
selling us a table getting text updates
from Louise and she's like oh yeah since
that say really like Steffi thinks
you're nice you should go and talk to
her I was like oh my god okay why did
she wait and tell you then you know like
it was so just in the moment but maybe
louise was doing that so but she would
know but you're thinking oh who's she
texting knowing it's mark yeah maybe
this guy's right so
to talk to me but he's too nervous yeah
why don't you just speak yeah he started
speaking to me I can tell when I think
you Perry was performing he came up to
me and I was just like fuck because I
knew Creepo approach warning signs I was
more scared of that so he came up to me
it was like do like Katy Perry and I was
like great conversation sighs she's
performing better then oh my god you are
so beautiful that was my response was
yes just carried on dogs I was like
fantastic me too it was like too forward
it's like creepy that's maybe a bit too
fast
and a girl I would say it's nice no I
think it's more a nice if a guy starts
speaking to you completely like normal
but I was singing okay all of her songs
I know I think the first song was
already like through and I was singing
like every single word me too you had me
singing and then you asked do you like
Katy Perry no it was just like that's so
weird
don't interrupt me singing performing
live I was i enjoyed the moment yeah I
mean you made it even cut a long story
short at the end of that night you asked
me for my phone number we ended up in
bed no mystery never in that we're in a
lift on the way back and that is my
moment Brokers she asked for my number
how is it she wanted to be friends
no we're more than friends yeah but we
know we did we hold hands now
and we didn't end up in bed just to
clarify clarify so that's how we met two
years gone by and I sat in the podcast
room
so how old are you you won the
competition Germany's Next Topmodel when
you were 17 yeah were you 16 when you
started w17 the whole time I was 16 when
I applied at the show and now I'm 22 so
looking back then because that's what
five years of parsing sentence you
probably got a bit like clarity on
everything how was that experience as a
teenager being on national television
amazing because the show was already
like nine years going so I was the ninth
season and um I always watched the show
I loved it I was the biggest fan and
then when I went into the show I kind of
knew what is going to happen bah bah bah
and it was just it was amazing but also
a bit scary because you had to grow up
so fast you're 17 and you know so many
people are watching you in television
that's one of the most watched shows and
I was about say what I realized because
obviously when I found out about the
show I was like oh yeah I know like next
model from America and we had it in
England but it was never really like a
big show here obviously in America is
and it's massive it's like huge in
Germany everyone watches it everyone I
had to grow up very fast and we were
obviously we flew to Singapore that was
our first destination and not speaking
to my mom for the first time for so long
was quite weird and then every time the
camera was on you you're just like what
do I do now obviously you just feel so
uncomfortable and then you have to be in
a bikini you had to be naked you had to
be I felt really weird but it helped me
so much in this industry to realize like
how do I handle situations how do you
handle interviews how yeah how do I
speak to people who want to know bad
things about you like the press so it
was definitely very good experiment
challenge you as well like I've
obviously didn't watch the show when it
was on that would've been a little bit
weird I've looked at your book the like
finishing book with all your pictures
but the challenges they set like
challenges each week and some of the
stuff you had to do is mental yeah like
spiders will over you in one shoot yeah
it snakes around you in another was like
100 meters in the air and we were
hanging in the air and it was every
obviously it's an entertainment show but
with a modeling part in it it's like a
weird combination of modeling and
entertainment that's what I mean and
every week we had one catwalk and one
photoshoot and one like other
competition which was yeah really like
taking a lot from you it has to
entertain people obviously yeah so the
thing with the spiders was crazy I had
three spiders on me with that one oh
yeah we make it just painted black and
ran Rankin do pictures yeah you guys
were all older people on the show were
models beforehand weren't they say were
you modeling too beforehand it was like
scouted right from what I'd seen not
everyone was modeling before the show
they took out just some like a
combination of girls who were modeling
before and also very young models - yeah
like help them to start because it's
actually also nice for Jeremy's Next
Topmodel to have a fresh face that
nobody has seen before so yeah I was
modeling before that though I started
with 13 when the show came out so when
it was going out on television had you
already watched all of it or were you
watching it kind of live alongside of
going out such a good question I was
watching it live friends and family all
of the other people yeah oh no wait
so the first two first two episodes we
were still on that show and we were
watching it together with the other
girls but then everything after that I
was watching with my family and it was
so weird because you kind of knew what
will happen already and you're just like
you're but cringing because you know you
did it bad or because you know you're
gonna embarrass yourself but it was so
weird to see also the reactions of
people you know like because I come from
Kaiserslautern which is
the biggest city and so many people were
like laughing about me and making fun of
me and stuff in the first yeah in the
first few episodes until I won and when
I want everyone became so nice to me
and I was just like I figure no and
honestly since then I'm like a bit
careful with people cuz now I know how
people can change the users of the world
but that's so sad to have that
realization at 17 you know people can
just change purely because of what
you're doing yeah but it's also like a
quite good school I think because you
get to know the world and people quite
good I'd say a good lesson isn't it the
real world I guess not everyone is
authentic and being nice to you because
they want to hang out with you
you
