hello hello hello beautiful sexy people
how are you doing today welcome to the
channel first on you're watching video
my name is Marcus you can subscribe post
videos every day anyway today's video is
taking a look at or exposing fake pranks
and all this kind of series that we
started doing and in the last video I
had so many comments saying which bin
Philips videos have a look at been
Philips videos so today we're gonna be
watching to our benefits videos I've
seen his stuff performed Facebook like
gets shared
loads and loads and loads of Facebook
and I've never really seen his stuff on
YouTube so we're gonna have a little
look and see what we think basically
alright so the concept of this channel
I'm sure some of you have probably seen
his video especially in the UK is very
popular channel concept is his here's a
brother and he's constantly praying his
brother so my initial thought with that
is the same thing with where it's always
repetitive pranking on someone is it's
clearly gotta be staged yourself because
it just gets to a certain point when the
person doesn't know what's real and
what's not in everyday life and if
anything goes wrong after you've been
pranked X amount of times you're always
gonna assume it's a prank logical
thinking we've talked about before so
let's just have a little watch this here
we've got I said on the live feed that
if we got 70,000 likes the night
super-new a dildo to Elliott's head
today
- Elliot's head
okay say what's gonna do a dildo but now
he's gonna do a plunger okay basically
the dildo that you guys is so big I am
so gay so as soon as we hit three
million guys so he's got this big prank
lined up and he's gonna release that
after this has got after he's got three
million subs whoo that seems fine like
just pro mind like gang subscribers and
stuff it's super gluing around I have
worked on some of his videos before now
remember what my issue with it is his
brother in the stuff that I've seen his
brothers always asleep now either his
brother is the deepest fucking sleeper
that has ever graced the planet or it's
clearly setup let's see what do you guys
think
I'm sorry
if anyone's laughing in a room with some
to see you let someone shove the plunger
on your tit and wiggling it about you're
waking up but you are waking up the
grandmas like what have you done then
he's up Shh you might wake him up but
smacking him with plungers isn't gonna
wake him up
also why is his t-shirt falling asleep
with his t-shirt pulled up over his head
I mean a mess kit part of the video
seems like a weird two soldiers go you
know I'm gonna go to sleep but before I
do I'm just gonna lift that up over my
oh yeah moving on to his face now
definitely wouldn't fill that would you
someone's super loner punchy face
definitely not feeling that guy's room
that is a realistic wake up there isn't
it let's just go back there Bob acting
roadies look at that and look at how he
looks his grandma Oh
I mean to be fair he musters also
cleaning up these reactions by now that
is weird freaks my time prank
sorry face I've done some weird setups
in my life once again you know you lose
Kunduz it was that he happened to be
vlogging in the car at that time and he
knows he's in the car where you sing for
him as he speak like that as well deck
to my deck dick like not know you do the
accent just saying in a funny way it's
actually wrong I can imagine it like the
first few times that happens if it's
funny like pranking your brother and
maybe that's how it started you know
real pranks and stuff but it just after
a while it's just like alright come on
it's
Spain alright so we get into the actual
dildo video itself the one that's been
big DUP for I don't know how long for a
long time for munch
you could it be a decade actually feel
consort for his brother cell like this
this feels more legit and his other ones
because you know he's got other people
involved you could well be input asleep
by the dentist it feels a bit more
realistic to link tomorrow's Billa hyper
part to yeah I don't actually wanna see
part two what are your thoughts on these
pranks though are you in the same boat
as me when someone's been doing it for
so long and then every time a prank
happens it's obvious there's a prank or
do you find it entertaining like I said
I feel a bit sorry for his brother that
he has to play this character like the
whole time in when fans recognize him
they probably expect him to be in this
character and must be pretty intense for
him to have to do it but at the same
time you know they're challenged they're
smashing it probably probably make a lot
of money so pros and cons to everything
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and I'll see you tomorrow of
no one bite
