hello beautiful sexy people happy Monday
the start of the week I'm tired
but it's Monday I hope you've had a good
Monday so far today we are going to be
looking at some awkward embarrassing
celebrity things encounters just a whole
variety of different things if this is
the first time you're watching this
channel hi hello my name is Marcus
welcome and you can subscribe by
clicking the button just there post
videos every single day
okay also it might as well get the
podcast a shout out you guys know I do
props with Matt say hi Matt there is
could lower your expectations we release
a new episode every Monday a new one
came out today it's free all you do is
click the link down there go have a
listen subscribe and yeah that's not
what you think I think this might end up
being a try not to cringe if it's oh
thanks well you were like the carrot top
of interviewers yeah no one is a good
thing no don't cry no cry after the
interviews ever because otherwise I look
like it was I'm responsible for okay so
um you are well I don't want to know
that though okay so you know now I said
your name at the camera what else do you
want from me a magic trick hey he's like
I said your name to the camera more what
more else do you want what do you mean
on your on your look who's getting
dressed you you choose Biebs that
annoyed at song again who dresses you he
just gets up and goes mean poor Biebs
but if someone goes to me who dresses
you but I think I'd probably just go
yeah me no peeps Ramos arguing come with
us I was late here the glasses five
hours late though unless you have a
legitimate excuse that's pretty sweaty
isn't it now he's like just wanted some
chicken wing
I'm stressed out cuz I'm fucking on
Atkins I've been eating shit all day
because every fucking reporter comes in
here and ask me what it's like to be
fucking unattractive and I want to
fucking sit here and fucking kill you
right now I literally my dream right now
is to get out this chair and fucking
knock the cheese out of your head okay
well I'm not fuck you that's not real is
that roof Jonah Hill freaking out like
that I think it's a sketch that's gotta
be a sketch
I can't imagine Jonah Hill being like
that I mean that was clearly for
Superbad do you know soup that came out
ten years ago like yesterday or the day
before I blew my mind is one of my
favorite films what's also a little bit
sad is for some of the younger people
who may watch this channel you might not
have ever seen the film and those people
follow me on Twitter I tweeted about
this like a few months ago saying it was
my one of my favorite films loads of
people were just like what's that I've
never heard that I was like no soup bad
is like chronic if you haven't watched
it go watch it
side note Jonah Hill I've also watched
his audition tape for it it's really
funny I was in a trailer it's just funny
just gotta watch it you killed her
what for
dude why is this slightly overweight man
who's on stage beating everyone up who's
jumping on the stage what is going on
Rihanna oh this is what should we do
with when we just doing a random
rock'n'roll floor all right but no
rehearsals of shit I apologize for
everybody I want streaming live on love
life and jay-z psyche life in time she
sounds like she got an ad - problem no
in general life here
I love Rihanna by the way I'm not
dissing Rio at all she's a legend
they just cleaned punched a girl and
just carried some play my guitar huh
what what something like that happens do
you get we get in trouble for that
that's not all Chris that's fine this is
still being mine I mean yes things like
that I just feel sorry for him right
he's been involved in that limelight
since 13 and they're just dicks aren't
they like the paps the way they just
harass people have no privacy
sometimes when celebs and stuff kick off
for them I'm just like fair enough
you kind of deserve her Fred's got my
man trees he drink yes what's going on
yo never seen this picture what are your
thoughts on it
I want to meet her and understand why
what happened that's cool though like I
feel 100% that to me is like absolutely
oh I don't know if you can see it but
this girl tattoo drape on it for it oh
the guy that is something I will tell
you that I don't fuck with that guy fuck
you to that tattoo artist by the way cuz
your asshole for real and you should
learn job and you should never do
tattoos again I don't fuck with you and
if I ever see on the fuck you up
but real shit no I really really like
I'm grateful you know what was he so
annoying I know ya know straight up
straight up now it was love I mean it's
crazy it's surreal I don't even want to
look at any more back to this bitch that
had a lot to say about me to other day
in the press
oh we all do interview can I just say
imagine Nicki Minaj from Miley Cyrus
having a fight Nicki Minaj would eat
Miley Cyrus wouldn't she she just sailed
out of her bomb
Nicki congratulations and just because
the VMAs have already started doesn't
mean the counting is done maybe it was
the pressure of the press perhaps it was
the jet lag whatever it took just one
reporter and a simple greeting welcome
to Bangkok for the pop star to lose that
Icelandic cool the British born
journalist was more stunned than injured
the earth was led away not however
having calmed down
I'm not sure who that woman was I was
about to say fair enough
it looked like she had a baby with her
so imagine all of that and then you have
a kid with all perhaps as well but I
mean yeah you don't kick the shit out of
someone
who is that over there
wait a mo wait enough
funny
Oh
what I was saying was going through
these people's minds been saying that
happened they just do I could start
beating up their fans and they're just
like what's good I mean granted I've
never been in that situation when
someone's you're trying to show and you
know you've worked so hard on this and
then someone's trying to interrupt it or
annoy it but just happen man
so this app it's male 1 sat there trying
to drive someone for people taking
pictures in front of your face a long
time while she gonna crash the car don't
watch dude get out she's not crazy she's
a human being
God's a right and we are gonna end this
video here today I've got to go for
acting lesson right now so I would maybe
be a little bit longer but if you did
enjoy it there's plenty more of those to
watch where any a little way through
that video so yeah if you want to see
more give the video a thumbs up let me
know in the comment section and we can
do part two what's the name all right
thank for watching I'll see you guys
tomorrow another video goodbye e
