and we're talking about the new child
star so whereas before is Macaulay
Culkin and the kid that was in remember
the little vampire and Stuart Little
that kid he was a big child as levels
Utley and Miranda Cosgrove am I'm not
going to name the child stars in the
world but anyway it's the new child star
a youtuber that's the question I would
like to explore yeah so it came we were
researching the other day for a video
weren't me what was i researching that
found it was it slime it was something
started as always to start with quality
YouTube content out there started with
that and then you saw some thumbnails
where it was like a collab but it was
two children like six years old
turns out there is a ton of
channels who essentially families and
maybe companies who have set up and
hired kids are now putting their kids or
the hired kids in front of the camera in
the traditional YouTube way in terms of
sat down camera and the kids then
perform to the camera you were very
disturbed yeah I think it's
weird you just kept saying yeah that's
mate this is all you need to watch oh my
god made this is crazy
it is so weird come on we got foot we
literally there's like four or five it
the first one that came to light I guess
was Ryan's toys reviews Ryan's toys
reviews his family are just kind of
orchestrating everything he does and he
was absolutely smashing it I say hey
it's Channel yeah
parents it's weird his college fund is
smashing it his college fund was cleared
in two days I would like to start with a
simple question what age is it okay to
start appearing on YouTube and also
there's a big question mark around
consent here as well yeah how do you get
consent from a child it's so hard
because my biggest concern of all of
this is that the kid is going to end up
regretting it when they are old enough
to form opinions and
realize what they've been through my
biggest concern is how's that gonna
affect the kid and I've always said that
the same of the family vlogging thing
purely based on my own experience with
what I've posted of myself online and I
saw it when I was like I started posting
videos like 16mm and when I look back at
those I'm like but I was in control
of that I was one editing I was
uploading that when someone else has
complete control on that and you got
thing that I don't remember what I was
as a four five six seven eight year old
and surely as a four five six seven
eight year old it's surely very easy to
manipulate what they want and don't want
right
like is that whole thing isn't a
parenting life a child falls over
instead of saying like oh my god are you
okay oh yeah must have hurt so much you
know come was it in focus is there any
blood there for the thumbnail you
say oh no you okay come on come along a
vanilla oh no I'm fine they mimic what
you're the emotion you're doing so if a
parent is saying come on you're gonna be
on camera it can be really fun come on
let's go and do a video together such a
tricky one because and I really liked
what Louise said when we had her on new
he's Pentland yeah and she said that she
doesn't mind filming her kids at the
moment because whoa especially her
youngest because they haven't done a
very personal T yet so there's no sense
of self and when that happens she's
gonna really think about what she puts
out I mean she does anyway she said
she's very guarded about what she puts
out so when it comes to the question
does that make it okay for these parents
to be clearly behind these channels and
like the toys reviews and the slime
reviews and all that kind of stuff
here's right my issue ever is when a
parent is capitalizing off their child's
success because the child doesn't
understand what they're doing at that
age they're not fully aware of what is
being demanded of them what being famous
is like what having people know who know
who all they have no concept of that and
the reason it's being pushed let's be
honest by the parents the parents aren't
there going oh this is so fun wow what
with such a fun family it's it's a money
machine yeah and how is that gonna
affect that I just keep going back to
that house because
we haven't hit that yet where the kid
grows up a little bit and that's gonna
be fascinating that generation of
children like the YouTube children I
mean yeah how on earth are they going to
process it or what but we've seen it
before though with child stars on TV
it's the same principle really if
they've been taken to auditions by
parents and you have a may be too young
to realize what they're going in no I'd
like to see I'm sure people have and I
probably should research it myself but
I'd love to see if any of those child
stars have ever properly opened up about
it since mmm you know since they've
become an adult
do they have regrets of being a star as
a child cause some people are able to
grow and move on to bigger things a lot
like some of the Disney stars really
overcoming it it's funny they always go
through that phase are being really
rebellious it seems they left this new
you it's like right I'm gonna do a
massive you to all that child
friendly stuff like I'm gonna do this
and go crazy and then you're right if
they seem to grow from that then it not
me okay they like settle down but what
about all the people who were stars and
then you know hasn't worked for them I
remember really sad story was the kid
who played Anakin in Star Wars in the
prequels and really bad movies I think
his name's Jake Lloyd and really bad
movies and his life just got completely
turned upside down by that and there was
a really sad youtube video where he was
talking about those experiences and he
just seems upset and just like it's
destroyed his life having that burden of
being in a one of the biggest franchises
of all time and being remembered for
that kid oh I don't know man it's it's
difficult I just think it's a it's a bit
more of a weird line to cross because if
I had a kid and your kid is going to be
in a film like I can imagine you you're
really proud of that and you're excited
you're taking a kid to set and you know
they're in this massive movie how
amazing but you're still kind of there
to hold their hand you're not the person
like telling them what to do essentially
yeah whereas YouTube there isn't that
is the parent is the person deciding
what they're going to be doing they are
the ones holding the cameras they are
the ones editing they are the ones
creating that hole with a brand the
brand the channel and you said it
earlier their money machines what do
they do when those kids when Ryan grows
up and he's 13 14 doesn't want to do any
more wool they just find and hire a
child actor come in and replace it and
this I don't want people to watch this
or listen thinking oh I'm an to your
children being on here that's no because
that's not that I'm not trying to say
that I just think there there's levels
to it and I genuinely was I think I
typed in slime challenge and when you
diff if you go on YouTube yourself type
in and you see the amount of young kids
who are put in that position that it
just hit me I was like wow this is yeah
and it's a whole side of YouTube that
goes unnoticed by the big kind of the
Philip defranco's and all about that
kind of the news side of it because
they've got it's they've got their own
section almost is that that's the whole
own thing that no one kind of looks at
because it is for children it's for four
to six year olds one year olds whatever
nobody else is asking any questions of
it nobody's checking these things and
seeing if it's appropriate for kids do
you remember we were watching it was one
of those channels that I think hate free
uncovered but like fancy-dress channels
yeah the front fancy dress stuff and
they're doing really like odd things on
there they're like impersonating almost
exceptional things and it's meant to be
funny and it's meant to be a joke but
they're appealing to kids I wouldn't be
very happy if my kids are watching that
kind of stuff as in toddlers and things
so there's no one policing this stuff
and that's the problem of YouTube and
the only reason YouTube changed recently
of the outer rooms and all backgrounds
trying to clamp down was because
advertisers stopped putting their money
into exhale eyes their ads are being put
next to awful videos that were
offensive or for whatever reason so
where do we go from there because chart
children's TV on television has so many
layers they have to go through
regulations and regulate
to get it on there we didn't have the
same thing okay alright but that's the
NASA beauty and also a darkness of
YouTube isn't it the beauty that anyone
can do that and anyone there is no
barrier there but on the flip side like
you said there's no one who's really
assessing that content okay what when we
upload a video now what do we have to do
we look at a form that says is there any
swearing in this nope is there any
profound nudity in it nope it yeah
that's it as far as it really goes and
obviously people can flag and then
videos also can in YouTube's defense I
always think well when there is 400
hours of content uploaded every minute
yeah how can you how you could hire a
hundred people 200 people 10,000 people
it's still how do you manage that there
you are right and they almost need
thinking for these kids so now a lot of
the time that is the parents who are
doing it but you need like a union full
of them so they're not being overworked
for not being that kind of stuff and I'm
not implying that they were all like
that I'm sure they love it I'm sure it's
great and it's family time and they look
back see I'm not sure with you I I think
you almost just saying it I they don't
know I think the kids don't know that I
think it's more of a responsibility for
the families to you know question
themselves question is this morally
alright it's the consent thing that gets
me because how can a child of that age
decide if they want to work or not and I
don't care what people say like
presenting videos and you got these two
kids so that's work their sadness is
talking to a camera presenting that's
work it's different family vlogs I think
when just filming them in their day like
there's a few vloggers that I watch and
if their kids are in it but it's not set
up yes oh boy over there playing with
his trains it's not do something for the
thumbnail and make it cute and more
people click on it exactly it's not that
type of family vlogging I think there's
two types yeah but but this for me just
goes above all of it and yeah what
they're presenting that kind of stuff
yeah
completely that's work and at what age
should you be introduced about because
you know you got work experience when
you were fifteen these people are
starting like ten years younger than
that sometimes more
there's just no service there but is
monitoring it because YouTube of course
is looking out for profanity all that
kind of stuff but no one's looking out
for these kids what do you think about
this when these kids get older yeah and
they're essentially the stars of these
channels I know it's the parents who are
editing and orchestrating it but it's
the kids who are yeah yeah exactly
so what happens when they're older with
the money that's been made what happens
there
well that's what I'm saying that's the
issue with it because even if that kid
wants that money they're not gonna
technically be allowed it to what their
I don't know I don't know how it works
it's gonna cause a lot of issues a lot
of issues
well guys we'd love to know what you
think about it because there's no right
or wrong answers these are just our
opinions but how what is the solution
here
