hello it's been in Hamburg Ben Marcus
hello beautiful sexy people welcome to
vlog welcome to Germany well the
beautiful room well to a beautiful girl
I'm gonna vlog today because doing
something very exciting well you
obviously know it is from the title also
got a really cool pimple here yeah make
up with Marcus hello hi yeah sure I will
show you guys the room in a minute
welcome to my beauty station this is the
lovely look how nice this is
oh hi thus Lighting's good it makes your
faces are very smooth my face looks very
smooth and shiny I'm shining stars
looking so far got a hole in my face
I think it's cuz I just did the whole so
it's like not even skin over yeah so
just put make up under my face that's
fine just when I think when you have
that there everything I don't get is
just around that now I'll give you a
room tour oh yes now you can put on my
ass shit today I look like a train
driver you do quite well I have the
biggest head in the world if you didn't
know we're staying in we'll look for the
Four Seasons aka the that one that
German one CEO sigan this is we have
like three entrances oh it's locked
she's hiding in hand - look this is one
entrance of a beautiful bed and a lovely
bathroom lovely but look at it I've
never seen this in hotel TV toilet TV
toilets when you're doing your stuff you
can watch that also looks have you got
jacuzzi bath that's cool
the view of omberg lovely fountain we're
gonna go and explore now one way to
tattoo and then we have a whole lounge
we're standing the Presidential Suite so
it's very beautiful lovely lovely
another TV we have another bathroom
toilet then this is where it gets even
crazier look does anyone wanna come for
dinner literally we've got a whole other
entrance up there as well so yeah it's a
precinct all right let's go Hamburg oh
yeah
oh yeah grateful given over years you
know does it fade easy with a little bit
but you always can make this again you
know
nothing fun yeah that's it literally
yeah honestly like yeah nothing what
what I know it's a tude this mess if I'm
a sweaty palm
it's amazing
they've been gone for maybe an hour now
certainly fine I think we have maybe two
hours that pain is fine there she's
there to help
just had a little break but this is how
it's looking so far shading line
Wow
it's insane amazing I don't even like I
don't know what to say yeah now it's
gonna finish the hands and then we do
the ring and then the facemask so
amazing
it's like so when you rub it now there's
some skin like better or worse oh yeah
how's my ski yeah it's pretty cool yeah
okay I'm gonna film step these reactions
oh my god it is so much cooler than on
the paper it looks so amazing so sick it
looks so good to you
I've seen you smash that Wow those
details it looks unreal I love like the
lines I think my favorite part is this
upper part is just it's so amazing
let it this astronaut thought the
details and the mosque is all black God
and the shadows it's so good
clicks and chill and tattoo right it's
been 24 hours I had to leave this on for
24 hours so now I take you off oh wow
what the hell it's like peeling skin off
ah shit it and now I'm back home with my
tat that I love so this is a few days on
there like I've shown you this so many
times but it is the whole video about
this so this is three days after now and
I'm just like creaming it like twice a
day the guy gave me cream and stuff now
I'm really excited to see how it heals
and yeah I just like it so that is the
end of this rogue if you've enjoyed it
make sure to give the video a thumbs up
subscribe if you're new and let me know
if you wanna see more vlogs other than
that Oh see you guys tomorrow
