hello hello come on
hello we doing this feels weird because
I'm we're in a podcasts out but we just
wanted to film some extra stuff it
basically didn't we yeah bit of a bonus
material bonus material for the channel
people seem to like podcast videos so
far and we wanted to talk about Shane
obviously because it just came out last
night and we don't want to constantly
bore the podcast listeners with all of
the Shane talk because I mean what else
can we talk about in the YouTube world
other than Shane right now we're just
bombarding them though aren't we it's
like week after week he's dead another
episode you know as honey I tweeted
about Jeff tweeted about Shane a fair
bit and and there was still a couple of
people that were like what what's a
Shane who's a Shane who's a Jake and I
was like guys come on
so I'm really sorry if people don't know
anything what we're talking about but
Shane Dawson Jay Paul five episodes in
know six episodes in six no six dropped
last night and usually Matt and I we
will text when it's on over chat about
it we're very keen because we're hooked
we absolutely love it we're hooked and
we had the idea to just near of us have
shared our thoughts at all came out last
night and we just thought we would chat
about it we both got our separate notes
as well like we've done our little
homework oh you've like I've got notes
as well you've looked like you've got
notes for days mate I've got about four
lines of notes here looks like you've
got an essay Shane has been to the team
ten house he spent a day with them and
he's just sort of got to know what a
normal day in the life for them and Jake
is like and he sat down and had a deep
chat with Erica Jake's girlfriend and
still had a lot of interesting chats
with Jake throughout I feel well we
haven't hit that like actual sit-down
chat yet which has come in I just sound
like a I sound like The Hollywood
Reporter right now I don't know it's
like we've just turned into this
absolute gossip pod cut Harris hey Lou
Terrace yeah but you missed out one
crucial
segment please help me out here the bit
where apparently all women are just like
crazily attracted to Jake when he rolls
in on his motor when he does that mad
jump on his bike I said how Napoleon
Dynamite way is just like you won't see
true but to be fair the wheelie OSI yeah
if you fall off you're probably gonna
hurt yourself but it's funny because my
wife said oh he's quite attractive isn't
it honestly okay and then today isn't he
good thing for Jake what where's this
come from
but I feel like he's changing people's
opinions he's mmm so should we go into
your opinion would you think about the
whole series the episode so far I
thought it was a really good episode I
think the best so far I think it's
between that and a Nick crompton episode
35 minutes think it was just when a
clicker for finger really entertaining
really interesting as well didn't know
Greg Poole lives in the team 10 house it
has been three months weird I can't wait
for the next episode what did you think
pretty much what you just said I still
think there's something redundant with
Haiti being there the therapist I'm not
trying to you know come for her as
apparently everyone has been but I don't
really understand why she's there I am
with you on that because she isn't a
therapist who specializes in judging the
behavior of sociopaths which is the
original direction that's not what she
is qualified in unfair in her she's been
thrown under the bus but I I think she's
it seems like she's friends with Shane
oh they're actually friends and maybe
for Shane it's nice to have someone bit
support a bit of support and that's what
I kind of think the role is but it's
just it was at one scene it was really
awkward when
chatting with no sorry Shane's chatting
with Erica is really intense
conversation and then suddenly like a
pun away so the person we brought with
us isn't actually a producer and she's
been there the whole time just like yeah
oh really yes that whole angle is still
a little bit strange it still doesn't
quite fit something that I thought was
interesting was I think we both thought
that this had been filmed quite recently
it hadn't from the references they would
they were said they were they mentioned
it was still September when they were
filming it yep
because we thought that they'd like
start the sociopath angle and then they
were filming as it got long but I think
the whole thing has been filmed ooh yeah
and then they've changed the bits and we
added two bits as it's gone because yeah
when they were talking about going to
Target and doing the camp the camping
and stuff Erica at one point was like oh
yeah it's September still blah blah blah
blah so was it target was it it's really
funny why do American youtubers in any
of these big series go to bloody Walmart
or Target we don't do that here yeah
Brit cruelty it was hell Tesco exactly
that when else we came around yeah one
like oh yeah should we just go and I'm
chewing Sainsbury's for a bit I think
it's because the the Walmart the
Walmarts out there is experience they
are entertaining to go around because
they have different they have their
massive and there's so much you can do
within a Walmart
it's like they still do you tweeted last
night saying has your opinion changed
since I start the series that's yours
oh here's the thing I it makes sense the
controversial things he's done make a
bit more sense because there is this
story behind it however
still like a bellend in his content the
things he's done he still is in in this
video hard to watch this video alone I
would think oh there's you know he seems
nice he seems quite seems like he has
had a bit of a troubled past
he doesn't help himself if that is the
case I just keep thinking he is in
control of what he's putting online
course he is it's different if you
Justin Roberts or someone I think
they're being told like ok you need to
play up to this character that you're
doing yeah Jake is the puppet master
there he can do whatever he wants what
do you think I think he just goes back
to my initial like kind of thoughts
about this when a series was announced I
think for Jake this is just a PR stunt
it's just like cleaning up his image
cleaning up his act a bit I think deep
down he is a nice person I don't think
anyone's you know questioning that he's
not a monster yeah anything like that
but it just seems so manipulated a
little bit in this way you know he is
being all kind of sheepish and just
walking around so these are my friends
yes so going on that I found it really
funny when he said something about going
to a couple of youtuber conventions not
word for word so don't quote me on this
but something around the lines of and
one of the biggest youtubers there and
he was like he started to pay the the
sorry card where people weren't coming
up to him and saying oh hey man I like
your videos and I was like dude you
who's gonna come up - who's that age
with the things you've done and go I
like your videos just because he's that
followed it doesn't automatically give
you authority when you're in an event
for people to go that's he's a big
YouTube I must go and say hi the world
doesn't work like that I felt a bit
sorry for him when he said about that I
did feel a little bit all that sucks
like you know what it's like going into
a big room full of people and not having
any friendly face it's there that's
scary that's not very nice but at the
same time I couldn't help but laugh when
he said you know or YouTube such a
clicky place and then behind him as the
team tense I can't really say that with
a straight face can change doing this
redemptive art cut he's done with
Jeffery star and it's working like I am
to be that over nice music in the
background all he is he's absolutely
made me go like he's hit my heart a bit
and go like I do understand a
little bit more yeah and the the
metaphor like the imagery of him being
in this huge mansion but not really
being surrounded by the people that
truly care about him I'm half from Erica
I did agree of Shane that it would be
better for him to live in apartment or
whatever house just him and Erica and
then go to team ten for work yeah of
course like that make sense so that just
that seems like a no-brainer to me if
anything from watching that episode I
took a real likening to Erica I didn't
feel any fate nurse and I feel bit bad
because my and a lot of people was not
reputation but believe for her as being
put on from I think like keemstar in the
whole like snake bitch and that whole
sort of line of yeah thought and I was
watching this singing I do think you're
good for Jake I think she's really good
for Jake it it felt very real
it didn't feel fake what was coming from
her 100% you know not sure if she's the
same age as Jake she like 21 22 is not
sure it was crazy to me that the whole
thing I thought it was fake Jerrica was
fake and there was one of the biggest
angles of the video so many people in
the space thought it was fake and just
watching that I was completely thrown
and like oh my god yeah you I think I
really have I had a lot of respect for
from watching that I could well have
been fake in the first instance you know
when they got married and all that so I
remember we were watching those
thumbnails up that's massive watching
those videos but we definitely won't do
it could well have been that that
started and then they've grown to become
forced to love each other not because
it's hard to when you're in this world
to find someone who understand his
situation find someone's that
understands you and gets what you do and
can sort of live that life alongside you
it is hard to find that person so many
layers going on and
house it's so messy isn't it in terms of
he's got his dad laughing he's got like
six or seven people living there then
he's got his own you know him and his
girlfriend lived there and get up and
work everyday and do about it supposedly
he says he hasn't been on a vacation for
four years now you just worried people
been talking about youtuber burnout and
things like how is he handling all of
this like he's 21
I've watching a series of maybe routes
just how young he is and how for the
most part how well he has like handled
it yeah what hit me from that video was
he said something about or maybe Erica
and the pressures of waking up and all
the people in that house he is the
forefront of that he is the reason they
have something and they all essentially
look to him as I guess the father figure
of what they do or the role model what
they do and the core person holding
everything together and you're right
when you're 21 that is that is a big big
pressure in this world that is a big
pressure yeah it's crazy
21 year old with so much responsibility
when you're in your earliest 20s you're
not normally expected to be in that
position you expect it just you know let
off some steam make bad decisions make
bad choices but when there's millions on
the line and millions of people watching
every move you make that must be
terrifying like I couldn't imagine it
like that that must be terrifying so
what I want to understand for the rest
of the series is this whole angle of no
one knows what Jake's really like from
Shane and he's opening Jake up to be a
nicer person whatever why does he carry
on playing that character of being a
dick in the videos in his public
reputation because if you carry that on
yeah he'll be getting views and stuff
but he doesn't have a good reputation
and he doesn't help his reputation with
the content he puts out so why hasn't he
ever spoken up about these things why
hasn't he ever tried to change that
impression because if I was like that if
I was you know I think I'm an all right
person in real life if my content was
you know
extremely controversial I was getting
 all over the world being told as a
biggest belen being this that I would
sit in everything what like that's not
me I want to prove that I am a genuine
persona prove that myself that's the
only thing a question why has he never
done that but perhaps that's the
difference between you being on like
forming a subscribers and him being on
like 15 million subscribers yeah I think
you want to join question is fuse it's
he accepted that he does it he's playing
that we you always speak about the
YouTube game he's playing it and he's
winning
maybe that's the conference I just
accepted people aren't gonna like me but
I am one of the biggest players on the
YouTube platform yeah when yeah when you
put it like that but would you rather be
in his position but do the content he
does know I'd love to know the good
thing the reason we've done this is
because I've really am interested to
open up to like you guys as well because
he's cap he has taken this whole YouTube
thing and he has got people all over the
world watching talking about here and
changing the way we consume content on
YouTube and it's amazing and it's so
interesting one thing that has
frustrated me a little bit is we keep
hearing Shana be like oh we were just
chatting off-camera about this so it was
really interesting like it's like
teasing yeah oh we're getting all this
amazing information in diversity like
Jay Paul but we're not seeing any of it
it's really hard because Shane is I
believe Shane is a is like a really good
human and very respectful so I can just
imagine him in that scenario being so
like actually like that like turn the
camera off I want to talk to this person
and fill them out but maybe cut that bit
from the camera cuz I'm the same when he
kick happen a couple times the episode I
was like well you saying that makes me
the viewers like what is it I want to
know if you're gonna tease it are we
gonna get it
find out next week on gossip with Marcus
so previously you had said how Jake
seemed vacant like emotionless almost
and he's telling stories and things do
you still believe that no not to the
degree that I did from episode 4
he seems incredibly closed to me like
guarded he has got layers upon layers
upon layers that you need to get through
in order to we now the stuff that's
going on for him which sounds so weird
it's not me I said I told you in the
episode I was almost getting a little
bit emotional towards his situation
thinking how lucky like comparing it to
me thinking how lucky I am with my
family and then comparing it to that and
just thinking how genuinely how hard it
must be to have that older brother thing
with your brother being Logan Paul to
have your mum and dad what what we know
of them online growing up as a kid with
that on not everything online would mess
you up and towards in the episode got
genuinely I was sat there like I feel a
bit emotional but yeah the sibling thing
is an awful lot to unpack and maybe
that's what Katie will come in really
interesting in episodes to come because
that whole dynamic of one-upping each
other of every time Jake is mentioned in
conversation it's normally followed by
Logan
but even when Shane got back I was Logan
there so how would must Jake feel about
that everybody think of the big second
fiddle to someone else yeah and he's not
asking to be judged alongside him why
isn't he being judged on his own merits
yeah it's difficult it's hard that
episode I thought was really insightful
and I would be shocked if there aren't
people in Hollywood right now kind of
drafting up a treatment about Jake Poole
and his life because man you've got so
many different angles in it actually
stop because maybe a bit of watching all
those Hollywood people watching this
video core your think of that I love you
guys
to open up your thoughts in the comments
to everything we've talked about what
your thoughts are on this on the whole
show and and subscribe to low
expectations on Apple
casts a cast and anywhere where you
listen to pocus how's that for a plug a
scoop like all our links are in
description so bye
