we rockin we rollin we're looking good
people let's do hello beautiful sexy
people how are you doing on this fine
day welcome back to the channel welcome
if you're new this is the first time
ever watching me my name is Marcus I am
a YouTube dinosaur being around for a
long time but you can subscribe to my
channel post daily content click that
subscribe button
today we are going to be doing another
guess the youtuber challenge but this
time it's by their merch lot youtubers
have merch I've had much before some
youtubers merch is great some youtubers
matches not so great that's not for me
to judge today but we are gonna guess
the youtuber by their match it's a game
it's a challenge so we've got 12 people
we're gonna see how well we do what's
your prediction how are you gonna do
it's their own match right yeah and
their pictures of them wearing them
right so it's just a clothes that they
will t-shirt no they're not okay take a
picture think I'll do well you should
I hope I'd like to think I do well
you're not youtuber not Egypt yeah what
stay hydrated laugh and I roll isn't it
who is it rikes gum annoyed me how he
came for every youtuber saying oh your
merch is so simple you've just got a
logo Baba he's literally just stuck a
logo of his own name on the merch it
just has rice on the side of the seams
but he was long ago is called Chinese
writing I don't know what that means
oh great sales pitch what I want number
two I have no idea who that is
it looks like PewDiePie
I think it is PewDiePie Hey yeah they
final answer yeah yes you little snake
you're like you you try and give it the
art yeah yeah it doesn't like him
actually I never seen that before
the only reason I thought that is
PewDiePie is what it looks like him but
then context you know he gets taken out
of context a lot of time yeah never seen
him promote that can you still buy it
now
I think it's sold out Phoenix I know you
watch and give me a t-shirt Thanks yeah
yeah low gangster how'd a bus a quickly
because who else has on a t-shirt
well I just like how I try to hide yeah
what is that the tail just like the
blouse I feel you right that's what you
mean yes my boy that is my boy TP
dd they have no brick and someone else
lies Akashi yeah quite like how they've
done that because it obviously it's very
simple but the font is like it's like a
university Phan do you not mean that
it's like a uni hoodie and my thought
process behind it is it's like they've
created their own universe their own
cult or following like when people go to
uni never have to buy that top it's like
when you watch david dobrik i have to
buy that top I thought that was the
least david dobrik he merch on Dex I was
looking in love
you know the vlog and things like that
as okay well this one maybe but you you
obviously a big fat I just saw him but
I've seen it I've seen it then his vlogs
and stuff lift lift
hmm I mean you might strike one as well
you have I'll have no idea I'm just lit
shot three guesses it's a cool drawing I
actually quite like I like the lamp I
like I just lit Oh mate that is a lit
good pun yeah an American yeah I was
about to say there must be American to
be using the word lit yeah we don't
sound it just doesn't sounds like ya
mate should we get lit tonight
what is it one of David Oh boots crew no
the last one guess
yeah just like round without a whole
bunch of people in that yeah it's not
one of team 10 is it is it thank God one
more guess better not be like long
Stewart it's not okay
nigahiga no way oh I get the plan again
I should have gotta share the guest that
really so punny isn't it he's very funny
shit that is a picture in Alfie's house
is it is it Tanya butter rock on
Johnny how did you go sir just know it
just know deep in the brain hidden in my
brain cells caffeine yes I quite like
that and I would wear that that is quite
cool that is cold I mean yeah it's not
Connor Franta or is it
I guessed it because Connor is RT and
quite cool and you know it's coffee
Connor doing very well
so close aces are even on dude I just I
know like I don't want to bet they're
saying did you see that in the corner no
I didn't know I just knew
I'm just that kind of person maybe but
come on it's like a lot of these I mean
I'm part of the community I know these
things
it'd be like me showing you yeah a
football top on that no Chelsea bat yeah
what I'm a Chelsea time is that limited
edition yeah that's some special yeah
wear it when I play football you gonna
wear Chelsea top yes I live in London
villagers I live close to Chelsea yeah
Liverpool can you please send me one cuz
I'm a Liverpool fan not really a Chelsea
fan you should start collecting them now
be well always what your name of it with
my name will be worth more money it's
used in the bin
next my that is my absolute favorite
youtubers my idols as as team 10 how's
my I do that it's my idol cuz it's my
idol cuz that's very quick
I know because all I do every day is dab
on them haters that's what I do
that's my motto I do actually quite like
that Jackie though I don't think that
mean I do I love it oh I love it
it's I do like that as well yeah so to
tone but as you know have you seen the
back that's on here is this Tana Phil oh
my god what a nice urn or is your
absolute ease rattled absolutely wrapped
up how are you getting rid of seasoning
how can you tell that balance Phil it's
done okay well fucking point for
guessing who's in the picture because I
know I know wearing no fandom don't go
outside
are you annoyed yes I mean that's more
difficult
it's a J pool oh if you could see his
face right seriously I told you I do
because he's my idol
even the initials there I've got his
signature I do
hey the legend the man himself Marcus
Butler how long ago is that how long is
that I would say that is how long have I
been in London just before London is
before London I'd say three years ago
three years ago a long time yeah and
there's something you up very well
because all you ever do is eat thank you
glad you appreciate that I give you that
from thank you that's sold out but I
don't have much anymore but should I
should I do some merge I've got an I
have got some ideas for some merch but
we'll see depends depends if there's a
demand for it you know if you guys are
craving my face on your clothes I
wouldn't put my face on your face don't
worry or probably even my name but yeah
that was wait so what do I get I got one
wrong 11 out 12 but that can't Pat your
own much
what was it part of the quiz yeah it was
so that's what 11 out of 12 is
incredible I'm very happy of that I hope
you guys enjoyed watching playing along
guessing as well give the video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and I will see you
tomorrow with an hour video goodbye
