hello beautiful sexy people did you hear
that whispering that was legit
paranormal activity just look guys I'm
shake mom and it's making noises
paranormal activity but don't know I'm
making fun of this but today we're gonna
be looking at paranal activity I tweeted
the other day follow me on Twitter at
marks but also if you're new to more
marks it's the first time you're
watching make sure you subscribe hit the
button just down there we upload daily
here so as always saying you everyday to
come join get involved anyway yeah I
tweeted out the other day saying is
there anything haven't done which you
guys would like to see cuz always just
value your opinion I like to hear what
you guys think and someone suggested
react to paranormal activity videos
because I feel like they're really like
in right now there's a lot of people
milking that thing right now so I
thought we'd have a little look at some
examples of some that might seem
actually legit and talk about that and
I'd love to know your opinion on
paranormal activity and then ones that
are just utter wank did you think of the
fringe fringe look rocking that look
would you say or no first video Michael
D Magee the best paranormal activity
videos caught on tape mmm
collection of videos compilation so
let's have a look eight and a half
million views
there's just I've got this really
pessimistic pessimistic doesn't make
sense I'm really skeptical about this
stuff just because I do kind of believe
in ghosts because I've had the ghost
experiences and we actually talk about
on the podcast one time so if you
haven't listened to that podcast is top
line of the description go check it out
there's an episode we talk about ghosts
it that just doesn't look that real to
me the way the chairs moving and then
the door I don't I just
it all looks very like dude and it's
always in a dark room why is nothing
ever you've never been you can't Felice
vision something
following his selection the best panel
activity captured between 2010 and 2015
with my shit fringe obviously you okay
see my only issue of that is it's like
it could be faint because it could have
invisible string tied to it and someone
could be sounding other in the room and
just pulling it that hundred percent
could be happening and I'm leaning more
towards that right now I don't know if
that's yeah that's just my opinion same
with that the fridge open and
yeah same of me again that could be
invisible strength
if there
what I'll say
it was you I'm sure would you not be
more freaked outside
what we're looking at Oh
that could be anything a beam of light
I'm not that don't believe that when
it's the whole orb thing I heard that
was weird
that was weird oh he's just like really
cleverly kind of doing split-screen
stuff you know you could you could film
two sides have a nice split screen down
the middle I was different the things
have shifted it before but it's never
just thrown a rock it doesn't look like
fun in a lot of concern does he that
little lip movement then again I could
be being very harsh it could be being
very skeptical I know that that's just
how I'm coming into this I've got some
things I'm saying do look legit real to
me so give him some slack I mean it's
very cool the whole thing's like
probably Paranormal Activity the films
of it stuff in a bedroom that's gonna
make me feel a bit weird
don't knock on the floor fuck I'm
getting quite into this hello oh no you
ain't no you middle show yourself um
I don't know it's so hard I just feel
like you would be so much more scared
than that if that was happening look
when he first comes up this could easily
be someone in the house right because he
goes right the thing moves right but he
doesn't really show the right side of
the room properly he starts showing the
left side and then he's turning and
whilst he's saying whatever that was
there could have now been setting up to
move away is it it's very weird and you
too because there's so much fake stuff
out there that let you just see it's
always like with pranks now and
someone's doing a prank it's like people
always immediately trying to assume that
it's fake I'm unsure on that some stuff
I'm like okay some stuff I I'm not with
what is your opinion on that that's just
the first thing we've looked at it has
to be kind of the most realistic stuff
I've ever seen though so I'll give him
that
okay I think it's quite cool it is
English so or British most authentic
ghost footage of all time is the next
clip as see
nothing bad can be the motorcycles honey
such an old bitch I just laugh at stuff
like this right there
look because those people can't be in a
tree I'm sorry I don't believe that at
all the the quality of that camera you
could have people just dressing all in
black and just have like a white lab
coat on and sort of fling it around at
the bottom of the garden in real life it
would look obvious through the lens it
would look like that
you said you GT the second ones real
then yeah because it's 2006 it's before
like people will be faking stuff in
YouTube tell me so you should only go
two years why it's become more quality
so bad but the thing is with with all
these things there's never someone as
always is it isn't it is that there's
never fucking out that's obvious there's
always like oh you can't really see it
properly yes why it's paranormal isn't
it this is never just black and white
it's never oh that's a ghost hello ghost
do examples it be a proven thing so you
don't buy much proof but I believe the
video clip before then makes more yeah
I'm the opposite cuz he's a youtuber you
know some comments are saying many
doubters here this is a residual
haunting activity can occur and
something traumatic / stressful happens
such as a murder or being killed him
more negative energy is released me out
of a blog whether I wanted to believe
this stuff like I went to Savannah the
most haunted city in America couple
months ago and I did a ghost tour I was
really excited because everyone's like
yeah these are the best things to do we
did a walking one and it's all about
murder and it was one of the highly
highest-rated ones and I was so excited
for it and honestly all he did told some
really interesting stories so went to
locations told stories knows like wow
that's cool but then they were like
we've got actual paranormal proof to go
along with these because they go into
these areas and do like sleep ins and
they record stuff and see what they can
get and then all they do is play you a
sound so they tell you this story then
he has a speaker puts it on his iPad and
plays a sound
and the sound is a voice going like I
will kill you and things like that and
I'm like I'm sorry this how is this real
how can you prove it's rude this is just
a recorded voice I could have recorded
that sound with my voice I'm just yeah I
think I kind of annoyed me bit we're a
bit like is this really it I want to see
video evidence not just an audio clip so
there's two clips so far for you guys to
kind of chat about I honestly really
want to open this up to you and see your
opinions on paranormal activity and the
last clip we're going to be looking at
is the man himself
Lance Stewart top quality youtuber
really struggling with paranormal
activity and I feel quite sorry of him
I'm not subscribed to him but I have
seen some of his videos and he looks
like you have a really tough time with
ghosts and stuff so let's have a look
look at see the stuff that Lance is
experiencing alright guys that is gonna
wrap up today's vlog I hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did please hit that
thumbs up button don't forget to turn on
my post notifications and I will see you
guys next time
this is brilliant is that about that
blinking Chino Jurek and he like googled
what to possess people to like
characteristics of a possess person we
could look at the camera that is that is
a possessed person right there isn't it
so really yeah possessed where where
answer means the mo grunting wait this
was me I don't about you would you carry
on filming and just saying the person's
name or would you you know if this is
your partner or whether would you sort
of put the camera down and you'd be like
shaking them you'd be like oh my god I
read not just LEDs I'm gonna wobble the
camera a bit let's make some grunts LEDs
blink more Lance
Oh break it you literally loops but
that's right now nobody really does not
look for this right now
now that's better like that's what I'd
like to see in this situation and if it
is I think she's she's doing an
absolutely stellar job of that oh and I
think you switches back to being
possessed again I'm sorry I can't handle
him shopping she's a great actor no
Saints taking a throw
get this let get this guy film roll come
on
look at that he I yeah I don't Brit I
can really use any more energy on this
Matt runs up the clips with Lance
Stewart I would also love to know your
opinion on him maybe some of you are
huge fans of that kind of stuff I don't
watch his other stuff that's literally
the only video I've seen some using that
as my content and context of what I'm
saying but yeah what do you guys think
about paranormal activity as a whole
based on those three clips let's have a
conversation about it leave your
comments down below give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it I'm sure
there's hundreds of more clips we can do
in research medic into so that could be
quite fun and I will see you guys
tomorrow with another video all right
goodbye goodbye goodbye can bye
