hello beautiful sexy people how you
doing today good I hope you're good if
you're not good then this videos gonna
make you feel better
hopefully this I'm gonna stop but it's
really cool I think it's I think we're
pretty cool reaiiy cute but on the roof
really baggy at the end okay because I
roll them up it just makes me that I've
got really big arms so cool anyway today
we're gonna be having a look at
near-death experiences well okay I know
we've looked at like photos before or
like photos just before disaster on this
channel but I don't think we've kind of
watched videos all that is something
that freaks me out a little bit we were
talking about actually early on I think
we did it on the podcast but it was
either on the podcast or just in general
chat just like general bands we were
talking about near-death videos and
watching them and it gives me the creeps
watching them because usually it's like
oh you're literally about to die and
then last minute you jump out of a car
or something and it also makes me think
about how many people being that
scenario and unfortunately died so yeah
happy note right guys headphones are in
I've already paused the video right here
and I can already see it's traffic so
it's just don't want to do this but yeah
let's just let's just watch let's just
watch
Jesus Christ did you see how close I was
what makes me wonder is what is she
running for because she literally almost
died if that was me I think I'd have a
heart attack and then have to like lie
down and be calm down protects I might
yo literally nearly got hit by an ant
ant does not give a shit she just
continues running she maybe she's late
for like a train or I'm sure it's
something more serious than that but
that's worrying when you nearly die but
you're not fast because whatever you're
clearly on your weight something more
important than her diet
two guys on BMX dude what you oh my god
a hot watch this how close he was
nothing did his foot get run over
I think it's foot girl run over it is
forget oh my god
Oh No look just look look electroscope
the bet at the what surely his legs must
have been taken off or something cuz he
slips look ah
this makes me so nervous oh yeah just a
huge lorry just like my god
yo like that guys well some people so
slow do you think they're seeing those
things coming towards them and they're
just like yeah I'm about to die it's
fine I'm just gonna slowly move and see
what happens and then they're okay I
felt like if I saw that I would react by
the night maybe you're just in shock
it's hard to get because I've never been
in that situation
what's the hell is Baja what the hell
did he just gal the way up I could join
some histor swards means the windscreen
I think that is craziest one how far
saying that you would have literally
died instantly
don't hit about that and about denting
the bike
yo yo yo
Lori's cuz if you get in that wheel
that's that's you done that is you've
done I really don't like watching this
and it's so casually still what
please kids always look when you're
crossing roads and stuff I know some
things are out of your control but like
this is just but that's obvious out your
control like this
there could be a combination of my sound
all that is just oh see something like
that that's what scares me about
watching these videos when you see
things like natural things that can
happen completely out anyone's control
walking down the road tree falls on you
good brilliant that's that that's so
shit that is so shit
look look look just look utilize just
use your eyes and look please yes Russia
what while skied in a situation where
Laura is just coming straight at you
full speed in the snow as well like the
car doesn't really have much control
went on the snow to get out the way
alright I'm I'm done I can't handle that
anymore I'm honestly sweating I'm not so
I think as I'm hot I'm sweating just
from like I don't even know I've just it
stresses me out I'm sweating from stress
please if you're gonna take anything
away from this video look when you cross
the road and drive can't lead look for
people not looking when you when they
cross road and you're driving as well if
you're driving yeah also I would like to
know if any of you have had any
near-death experiences have you been in
a situation like that or something
completely different
anything where you've almost died
please share your stories in the
comments because I find them really
interesting to read in a weird way so
yeah anyway I hope you guys enjoyed the
video give it a thumbs up if you did and
I'll see you tomorrow with another one
do bag about your back your back your
mate
