I think it's on is that on is a working
as it records are working I don't know
it's so in spoke about with the Sun in
the background fat beats out with a PA
you ready what was it again welcome to
bar forgot it welcome to Britain we
welcome with your Mester welcome to
British voice try American candy in the
hood fail part two it's the best way to
get across the bridge I we're filming a
music video
oh my god train change so proud they are
that's kind of closer look how do I use
this camera I should really be like I'm
a medium subscribe his financial policy
is sound does he's got the monies
capitalism is the key voice the girls
everyone logging hey you are the next
Ben Brown our follow me on instagram
thanks look at how dedicated Robin is to
getting the shot just a rest
can we talk about your behavior please
dude I wanna I've got gum right now okay
guys then tylenol and throwing on
oh yeah by ducks duck Duck Duck are they
drinking what are they doing they look
like white ice cream white ice cream
what I did cream ice cream they drinking
they look like white poop when they're
like making a documentary I was supposed
to be doing behind the team I wanted me
David after but I'm not white my face
wasn't what he signed up and I'm not old
I don't sign up for this I'm not even
getting paged when take paid and love
may be just what people do I can see the
strain like if this is what workers do I
cry in the shower that's friendship
right there I did a Twitter poll and
everyone said that left ear is better so
people agree with me sunsets going on we
can just put the the Teletubbies run in
oh my gosh you say unprofessional are we
sponsored by audible I'm in van how do
you feel about feminism yes one day we
are all going to die today
Sooey and pewdiepie being the top
subscribers what do try that again so
you just trying too hard to make people
laugh and you should stop okay it mean
that I'm just saying that for comedic
purposes because this is probably making
someone laugh right was it bad calm calm
/ okay
it's a cave town VanCamp calm and
download tone turned down for what
featuring Little John what is go to
tumblr.com / you being you're doing it
again
you're being related stop it
still making my scar I like mister it's
pretty good oh no look don't worry it
was a social experiment pranks attract
able to get into university it's just a
prank bro
my grades were just a prank bro I
actually got all these my
fingers aah - one good step back step
back step back hey I'm Alex oh this is
my foreign Busan was meant to be setting
