is this a book adaptation of a
comedy-drama film featuring Shia LaBeouf
astounding Yelnats because it's about to
get deep hi so um I'm back with my cup
of tea being relatable this just water
who are you cares right now I'm going to
close the door because audio issues
let's talk about calling youtubers out
because I've seen a lot of that in the
last few weeks and a lot of the time it
is done terrible let's talk about Kanye
West because he's the Kanye best puns
Kanye West is an interesting character
to study because being rich and famous
means that he's surrounded by people who
always tell him that his ideas are
amazing no matter what they are like
running for president
and while that is an extreme example a
lot of the same principles apply to your
own line what I mean by this is that we
like to choose the truths that are most
comfortable to hear and this is why we
surround ourselves with people with
similar interests or similar ideal
people with fringe ideals also surround
themselves with other people with fringe
ideals such as racists you're also
racist wow that is cool babe well no
matter how well-rounded of a person you
think you are you will always be in an
echo chamber of positive reinforcement
and this is why people who shout at them
Muslim eggs on a bus think it's okay
because a lot of the time a lot of their
family and friends also think is okay to
shower them Islamics like me I mean I'm
not racist I'm actually Muslim and this
is why to a degree why philosophy can
exist because it attempts to look at
things through a more objective lens
through reasoning and rationality rather
than our own biases I think it's
important to realize this is why people
who have crazy ideas have those crazy
ideas it may be that they're just
surrounded by people have that told them
that they should be full of hatred and
that might seem like a massive tangent
but what I'm trying to say here is that
everyone is race across no one this is
the hunger game maybe odds ever be in
your favor flavor
whatever Pringles sponsored yeah in all
seriousness what I'm trying to say is
that if enough people tell you that
something is okay more than likely that
you will take it out face value and
think it's okay and this is why the
rules of calling someone out are
important and that in the end is in
industry the industry in the industry in
this in the industry in during the
invert industry I can't say my mouth is
too dry I'll be back in a second and
that in the and that in the industry is
what they call a Segway or a vlog Olivia
because people like to not walk around
so let's talk about the rules of
engagement in calling people out I just
want to put a disclaimer out there that
this isn't throwing shade at anyone it's
genuinely just a video about calling
people now also I want to say that this
isn't a video about youtubers who have
committed crimes because you can just
put them in the trash or in jail because
you know crimes okay so let's talk about
the normal reaction of a youtuber doing
something problematic
I'm from tumblr you're gonna pay for the
crimes against humanity and my mortgage
I'm gonna write about this on my blog I
did the chubby bunny challenge to my
YouTube DJ I just want to be related by
hate not really sure why I'm calling you
but I'm gonna shout at you aggressive my
ass
you're the worst person ever you
murdered the Internet you're worse than
Nicolas Cage no one's worse than
Nicholas case sorry Nicholas I wish that
your gravestone was written in comics
and and a lot of the time the youtubers
like world not really sure what I did
wrong but I'm just gonna talk it out -
haters gonna hate
hey hey hey potato's gonna but this
means that your youtuber doesn't
actually realize what they're done wrong
they just kind of like I know I might
have done something ok so how should we
react when someone does something
problematic in my opinion I think the
only reason that you should call someone
is if you have their best intentions in
mind to make them a better person or to
make them more understanding or to
educate them on an issue that they might
not even know about the most important
rule in all of this is don't be
aggressive and the reason you shouldn't
be aggressive is that even if you're
making good points in an aggressive
manner they won't listen to you because
you're being aggressive and what you
should do is explain to them what the
issue is and how they can go about
correcting what they've done this helps
a person realize their mistake
understand their mistake and helps them
into correcting it yeah another thing is
that please don't carry on berating them
because all that does is fosters more
hate and what do we say about hate it's
not great
usually a reasonable explanation of the
issue can avoid any concert in advance
that's not guaranteed and the reason
that's not guaranteed is because a lot
of people feel uncomfortable over having
their
or their reality being challenged
especially when you call out something
that they think is okay and that you
don't think is a reasonable explanation
of the issue can garner an angry over
defensive response if this happens walk
away there's nothing you can do in this
situation that's not gonna make it worse
argue with them will only cause
hostility and actually close their mind
further by walking away you might not
think you've done anything but you've
done a lot what you have done is
introduced a new ideology or perspective
into their world which means over time
they might actually come to see the
logic behind your points but just not in
that moment so if you've presented your
points reasonably you might as well
leave it there okay so on issues that
are objectively bad it's okay to call
someone and what issues that gray areas
make sure that you aren't offended on
behalf of someone else I mean by this is
that in grey areas you can't necessarily
make the call to whether this is
offensive or not in these situations
make sure that you're calling someone
out from a place of knowledge or
experience rather than calling someone
else for the sake of calling a man I'm
not sure that I've made that very clear
but if anyone wants me to clarify it I
can clarify in the comment I think what
I'm trying to say is making definitive
statements from an outsider's
perspective on gray areas is really
risky because you run the risk of saying
something that's actually contra
contradicting
pick it pick it up
and start
in these situations is better to support
the people who have knowledge or
experience rather than also getting
involved okay so now YouTube or anyone
with any sort of audience so basically
most people on social media one of you
have audience which means that you have
people that are listening to you it
might not value your opinion
but you are saying stuff to people okay
so if you've been called out it's not
necessarily a bad thing but well Naomi
what I mean by this is that if the
people calling you out are following the
rules that I stated before they're doing
this to try and help you learn so with
that make sure that you try and learn
why exactly they have an issue and try
and understand whether this is just them
being nitpicky with them trying to bring
you down or whether this might be a
valid reason basically you need to
figure out whether this issue is
negatively affecting the world on bali
is that a drug that marginalizes a
minority probably not the best doesn't
make someone's culture into a gimmick
probably not the best why you just being
me probably not the best did you word
something slightly clunky and it became
slightly offensive probably not the best
thing but you could probably just delete
it reword it put it back up just clarify
in the comments of your video so this
happened to me once where I made a joke
about OCD on Twitter and someone said to
me that this trivializes the issues of
someone with OCD I thought that's true
deleted the tweet da dun dun if the same
people had reacted like this I probably
wouldn't have understood what happened
so I'm really grateful for the people
who actually tried to help me improve
also follow me on Twitter because most
of the time I don't do that then another
side note here is that if you're being
called out for an issue that doesn't
affect you it might be difficult to
understand why or how this is an issue
sometimes as an outsider you can't read
empathize and put yourself in their
shoes properly to understand why that
might be an issue in these cases if the
person that's calling me out has
personal experience I give them the
benefit of the doubt the thing is if
what you said actually caused someone to
want to tell you that this isn't okay
it's probably not okay normally people
don't just tell people
not to do things for no reason so I know
I've missed out a ton of things only
because I don't script videos feel free
to start a discussion in the comments
I'd love to hear what you have to say
and now on to less serious stuff so if
you hear from Sam's Channel thank you
for sticking it out to the end of this
bitch shout out to you tell me you feel
from Sam's channel it'd be great to know
also thank you to Sam for shouting me
out or kind of letting me shout myself
out on his video so if you've ever
wondered
oh look that's a guy that seems like he
would rap Drake in a spare time we had
to make like a 30 second music video
type thing in about two weeks which is
like eight hours of lessons that is a
thing that exists now it will be
unlisted in the description probably but
here's a clinic someone around me
brilliant that's about all the
embarrassment that I want to do today
leave your suggestions over what else I
can have in this empty empty get it mmm
tea
this is content you watch this video is
name is jazz
