in the wake of the Charleston massacre
in June 2015 seven black churches have
been engulfed by flames across the south
so why isn't the news media talking
about this take a guess
although the United States has a long
and complicated history with racism
talking about our nation's past and how
it affects the present is still seen as
taboo after Dylan roof opened fire in
Charleston's oldest black church killing
nine people news media seem determined
to label him as mentally ill or a lone
wolf or a troubled kid instead of
looking at how racism played a role in
his terrible crime even after his racist
ramblings were discovered online many
refused to acknowledge that his actions
were indeed motivated by racism now only
a few weeks later at least seven black
churches in the south have been burned
down but if you look at this week's
major news headlines the seven church
fires are noticeably absent let's
contrast that to the almost 24-hour news
coverage of a burning CVS during
Baltimore's police brutality protests in
April 2015
while violence and destruction are never
a good thing it's clear that our media
is very calculated when it comes to what
they report and have white sports fans
looting and rioting are labeled as rowdy
while black protestors are called
criminals and animals white suspects and
even confessed killers like Dylan roof
are often humanized with childhood
photos and interviews with family and
friends
and despite killing nine innocent people
the label of terrorist seems to be
reserved almost exclusively for suspects
of color so far it's only been
determined that three of the seven
Church fires were a result of arson but
make no mistake these are acts of
terrorism plain and simple
in fact since 2001 white supremacist and
anti-government radicals have killed
more Americans on US soil than Muslim
radicals the Charleston shooting at
Emanuel AME Church and the Seven Church
fires that followed are not random
they're part of a long history of white
supremacists targeting black churches
going back to slavery Jim Crow and the
civil rights movement churches are
traditionally community safe spaces so
attacking them essentially says no place
is safe that's an active
terror and erasing the history and
motivations behind these crimes doesn't
do any good you have to talk about these
crimes and how racism played a role in
order to keep them from happening again
so what do you think
why are we so hesitant to label these
acts as terrorism tell us in the
comments and we will see you next week
you
