this week President Obama sat down for
an interview on WTF with Marc Maron and
shared some pretty spot-on thoughts
about the state of racism in this
country but everyone's hung up on him
saying yep you heard that right
President Obama said the n-word but
let's be real considering five former US
presidents were members of the KKK
there's no way he was the first and I
doubt he'll be the last here's the
actual quote which no one's really
talking about the legacy of slavery Jim
Crow discrimination in almost every
institution of our lives that casts a
long shadow and that's still part of our
DNA that's passed on racism
we're not cured of it and it's not just
a matter of it not being polite to say
nigger in public that's not the measure
of whether racism still exists or not
it's not just a matter of overt
discrimination societies don't overnight
completely erase everything that
happened 200 to 300 years prior so huh
the president says there is way more to
racism than not just saying the n-word
and then everyone flipped out over him
using the n-word finally how's that for
irony regardless of what you might think
of President Obama he makes a really
good and important point even if most
people seem to miss it our nation's past
influences are present lost from the
1960s that prevented black people from
living in certain neighborhoods play a
role and where many families live today
along with what resources and schools
they have access to then of course
there's the harsher jail sentences for
crack cocaine often found in poor urban
communities verse lighter sentences for
powder cocaine mostly found in affluent
white communities there's also
immigration policies that unfairly
target people of color and students of
color facing harsher punishments in
school which often asurs them right into
the prison system these are just a few
examples of institutional racism that
are much bigger than who said the n-word
so what do you think about President
Obama's thoughts on racism let us know
in the comments and we'll see you next
week right here on decoded
