what do smartphones customizable Pizza
menus and gay dating apps have in common
they all ask you to set your preferences
but one of these things isn't quite like
the others we've talked about how the
word preferences is often used to mask
discrimination when you hear a woman say
something like I'm just not attracted to
black guys or Asian men are too
submissive they're relying on racial
generalizations perpetuated by systemic
racism but this kind of dating racism
isn't just for straight people so how
does racism manifest in the world of
LGBTQ relationships well to answer that
question we brought in my friend Dylan
Maron
well Francesca the answer is not all
that differently if you've ever used a
dating app like grinder scruff tinder
OkCupid Bumble or once be real twitter
DMS you've likely read something like
this I'm sorry I'm only into white guys
no fats no fems no Asians well I'm not
into black guys just a preference well
we know racism on dating apps impacts
people of all sexualities and gender
expressions I can tell you that this is
a particular problem among gay men
because even though gay men themselves
belonged to a marginalized community
they can and often do perpetuate the
oppression of others in fact a recent
survey of over 850 gay men of color in
the UK shows that more than two-thirds
of individuals who identified as black
Asian South Asian or mixed-race reported
encountering racism on gay dating apps
survey says
racism in fact there are whole tumblers
and Twitter accounts dedicated to
documenting these racist messages and
when I want to feel even worse about the
world I read them but when gay men are
confronted about their racist language
many try to explain it away as a
preference I mean they can't help it
it's just how they feel as if they were
captive to some mystical romantic force
that naturally discriminates against
people of color and this is where
structural racism comes into play
because preferences are actually shaped
by learned values when you're judging a
person based solely on their racial
background you're acting on
generalizations you've learned to
associate with that person's appearance
or heritage you can't say it's their
personality because you've shut them
down before you even got to know them
the thing is we're not born with
preconceived notions about race much
like we're not born with political
preferences religious beliefs or
naturally winning smiles I worked hard
for that we actually learn how to define
what is attractive from those around us
and because we're raised within a
framework of Western beauty standards
society often characterizes non-white
features as different or unattractive in
fact kids of all racial backgrounds up
to age 10 or 11 are proven to be wildly
inconsistent about their criteria for
attractiveness and how it relates to
race our use of race to classify
individuals actually increases as we
grow older and it traditionally favors
drumroll please white people I know it
was a surprise to me to so if our
stereotypes about race are proven to be
learned and those stereotypes are shown
to influence our attraction to others it
stands to reason that when you're
generalizing about race particularly on
dating apps your preferences are
actually the product of an environment
that normalizes racism man math is scary
and simply knowing that might not be
enough a 2011 study in Australia that
included gay and bisexual men found that
sexual discrimination was linked to
racial stereotypes rather than inherent
preferences but they also found that
even men with diverse attitudes were
remarkably tolerant of sexual racism
some modes of discrimination have become
so ingrained in gay culture we don't
even notice when we're complicit in
perpetuating them and that doesn't just
hold true for the ways we ignore people
of color racial generalizations can also
impact the language we use when we do
choose to interact with each other
exotic eyeing people of color due to
their race or background is commonplace
on dating apps some people are looking
for a papi chulo or a rice queen or a DL
thug but this language is dehumanizing
and reduces people to social stereotypes
it buys into a toxic tradition of racism
by assuming whiteness as the norm and
turning a person's identity into a
fetish essentially making them feel like
an oddity or a rare find come on people
we're not Pokemon so how do we unlearn
racist perceptions we've been taught to
normalize well there are a few things to
remember if we're gonna stop ourselves
and others from doing that first if
you're watching this video and you feel
like you need to go change your profile
go do that and congratulations on
evolving so quickly oh wait the second
element is remembering how structural
racism impacts our interactions and
checking ourselves or others when a
racist stereotype rears its head in the
conversation consider this if someone
came up to you in person and just as
they open their mouth you were like
sorry not into Asians you'd probably be
called a jerk or at least get a drink
thrown in your face so why should we
excuse those who do it online there's no
reason that gay men should accept racism
when they're just looking to get some
digitally or otherwise oh sorry that's
me who and he's only five feet away
Franchesca all yours thanks Dylan so
we've debunked the myth of preferences
study the science of sexual racism and
armed ourselves with some tools to
combat discrimination in our dating
interactions challenging hell racism
shapes our perceptions of others
especially potential dates isn't easy
but it means being open enough to learn
from your mistakes and brave enough to
challenge others when they simply
excused their racism as a preference
thanks so much to dylan marian for
joining us this week thanks for watching
and we'll see you next time right here
on decoded
you
