you know what they say you can't be a
Muslim Robin if you're not hit jobbing
what that makes zero sense yeah but it
rhymes to say all Muslim women wear
hijabs would be like saying all hipsters
in brooklyn drink fancy coffee while
riding unicycles that would be
inaccurate and frankly ignorant because
only 47% of Brooklyn hipsters ride
unicycles but bad hipster jokes aside
the truth of the matter is the hijab in
America seems to get a disproportionate
amount of attention considering that
only 38% of Muslim American women wear a
hijab in public all the time
and since Muslims only make up about 1%
of the US population this means we're
really only talking about six hundred
and fifty thousand people which sounds
like a lot but our country is really big
but before we can understand that bigger
picture it's probably a good idea to
know exactly what the hood job is and
why does some Muslim women choose to
wear it let's check in with my friend
for ryokan to get a better understanding
thanks Francesca okay for starters what
is a hijab good first question y'all in
Arabic her job translates to cover all
right cool got it but wait there's a
twist there is not one but many types of
veils
yeah it's slide show time first we get
that classic square scarf that covers
the hair and neck commonly worn in the
West this is what is mostly known as a
hijab
it can also be referred to as a kemar or
also a Shila with a variety of ways to
wear them huh next up the chowder is a
long cloak popular in Iran similar to
the hijab Shila and Kim are the chili
covers a hair and keeps a face clear but
drapes down to the feet black is the
most popular color but sometimes they
have fun patterns too then a cob covers
the face and body but leaves the eyes
clear these are commonly worn in Saudi
Arabia South Asia and North Africa
finally burkas covered the entire face
and body leaving a small mesh screen
over the eyes burkas are worn most often
in afghanistan and pakistan whoa so many
variations so many styles so many ways
to do you or you could be like me that
one time when I was 10 and I forgot to
bring a job to Sunday school and instead
I just put a t-shirt over my head and
went to class everyone called me t-shirt
girl that was my bad I'm sorry I brought
shame to my family let's move on second
off what are the multiple reasons women
choose to wear hijab
very astute second question gangs
scriptwriters some women choose to wear
hijabs because they interpret the quran
the teachings from God as suggesting
they dressed modestly to protect from
unwanted harassment based on their
appearance it's an expression of their
faith as a sidenote
truly insane to realize street harasses
have been around since religion dang
dudes but for other muslim american
women it's not so much about religious
faith as it is cultural identity in a
way we're all just out here turner up
who we are some american muslims choose
to wear hijabs cuz they want to express
their identity to the world think about
how for example some christians like to
wear crosses even if they don't go to
church every week or how vegans always
find a way to bring up their lifestyle
in casual conversation because for lots
of people being Muslim is not just about
religion it's also about growing up in a
community of like-minded people tied
together by food family and good times
in fact the attitudes that American
Muslims have about the importance of
their religion in their day to day lives
are shockingly similar to Christian
Americans jag ali's sense we're
basically the same also it's worth
noting that the laws around hijab vary
by country some countries require women
to wear hijab such as Iran and some
countries have banned the hijab
completely such as France however
putting laws on how women choose to
express our faith and identity is
repressive that is essentially a country
projecting onto a woman how she should
look and act which we all know is
oppressive as hell that's why the fact
that America allows the freedom to
choose whether or not to wear a hijab is
such a beautiful thing for the Muslim
community so yeah you heard it here
first from a Muslim girl herself America
is tight what's up bill writes ok but
does every Muslim woman wearing a job
know on the flip side many Muslim women
choose not to wear hijabs for a variety
of reasons for example there are Muslim
women who acknowledge that the Quran
teaches modesty but they don't interpret
wearing a hijab as a specific religious
commandment I personally choose not to
wear hijab the way I grew up I didn't
wearing a job except for when my family
went to the mosque which was mostly for
Sunday School in for Eid celebrations
which happens wise a year and if you
don't know what eve is it's like
Christmas for Muslims it's a big party
we have a good time and we
eat baby in addition wearing a hijab in
the Western world can actually draw more
attention and at times harassment to
women which is the exact opposite goal
what the Quran even intended for example
there have been reports of women who
have been attacked in public for wearing
hijabs news stories have aired of people
freaking out about Sharia law when a
group of young girls wearing hijabs got
their own swim class at a YMCA in
Minnesota
cut thing unfortunately these acts are
based on a larger misinterpretation that
all Muslims are somehow involves are
connected to terrorism which is simply
not true Islam's core teachings are
peace and love for all human beings just
like any culture and religion there are
groups of people within it who choose to
act an extreme and terrible ways but
those people do not define the whole
population there are 1.8 billion Muslims
in the world we are not all the exact
same or even practice Islam in the same
way for me my most of my identity was
built on going to Sunday school as a kid
to hang out with my friends a bunch
trying to be the Sunday School class
Club convincing the boys let me play
football them in the parking lot cuz I
had a crush on this one kid and then
trying to sneak in as much food as
possible a teeth party's for I'm proud
of my Muslim heritage even if I don't
pray five times a day or I'm not like
super religious which my dad says I'm
lazy for him and I just think I'm too
mean Muslim is part of my identity and
it makes up Who I am
that wouldn't be the same without my
cultural background thanks that was
super insightful for you
so it seems Islam has a lot of different
perspectives but I think the most
important thing that I learned is
Muslims they love to eat a lot at
parties but who does it hello there are
hot countries probably right now no more
interpretation is the only correct
interpretation special thanks to Faria
for helping out this week thanks for
watching and we'll see you next time
right here on decoded
so did you really wear a t-shirt over
your head to Sunday school that one time
yeah yeah
