hey can I ask you a question did you
notice I said axe instead of ask and
does it even matter okay today we're
talking about a little word that's
really part of a much bigger debate the
word ask or axe I guess it depends on
who you ask for those of you who don't
know pronounce a ask as axe is a
colloquialism that a lot of people in
various parts of the country use but
it's often most associated with people
in the south and more specifically black
people there's a weird stigma around the
usage of axe in the English language
we've been taught to think of acts as a
pronunciation used by poor and
working-class white folks and especially
by black people who speak African
American vernacular English or a a ve
which was previously known as Ebonics
and a lot of people believe that anyone
who uses axe is ignorant uneducated and
probably lower-class
but guess what the pronunciation axe has
actually been part of the English
language for centuries in fact once upon
a time
aka as far back as the 8th century axe
was considered the correct pronunciation
ever heard of a little old writer named
Geoffrey Chaucer he had axe all up in
the Cadbury tales oh and in the
first-ever english translation of the
bible one well-known verse originally
went axe and it shall be given according
to the oxford english dictionary we can
trace the origins of axe all the way
back to this old english verb saying ask
didn't really become a thing until
around the 17th century but if it's been
around forever why is it so stigmatized
today have you not watched this show
before it's because of glass ism and
racism stigmatizing acts which is really
just a common pronunciation and a
dialect of English is just another way
to perpetuate stereotypes about
intelligence and wealth it's also
important to remember that institutions
like academia the business world and the
world of entertainment play a part and
reinforcing these ideas by prioritizing
one set of language or dialect over
another think about it when was the last
time you saw a national news anchor with
a heavy southern accent and we even made
the same mistake on this show I was
rightfully called out for using a
southern accent as a shortcut for a
character who was uninformed about race
the point is this hierarchy of dialects
gets replicated throughout culture and
sometimes we don't even realize it and
when it comes to aave specifically the
class's stereotypes associated with acts
become racialized now it's far from
everyone but lots of black people use a
avy because it's a real distinct social
dialect in English with its own
complexities of rich history and huge
cultural significance it was born out of
the needs of black slaves who spoke
different African languages and were not
allowed to learn to read or write
English plus it has its own grammatical
rules it's not just miss speaking for
example though thought of as improper in
standard English aave allows for the use
of double negatives which is actually
common in a lot of languages but because
it's associated with black people and
black people have historically been
stereotyped as ignorant uneducated and
lower-class
too often many people here aave and
think you're not smart for example
rapper and Instagram star cardi B has
said some pretty progressive things
about women's body autonomy in addition
to being very sex positive but because
of her voice and the way she speaks some
people have tried to discredit or
downplay the intelligence of the things
she said in 1996 the dialect hierarchy
was in full swing
when people including politicians like
Joe Lieberman condemned the California
Board of Education decision to
incorporate aave in schools even Jesse
Jackson said at the time you don't have
to go to school to learn to talk garbage
actually it's too bad more schools don't
teach enough history and geography so
people understand why some of us speak
the way we do the idea that some kinds
of language are unacceptable in speakers
of dialects talk garbage has huge
real-life ramifications and what was
grossly misunderstood about California's
initiative with that people assumed
schools were going to teach a a VE
instead of standard English but in
actuality they were acknowledging that
aave has its own set of grammar and
rules and that some kids need help
transitioning to the rules of standard
American English which seems reasonable
considering kids go to school to you
know learn stuff people who speak in
different dialects have had to learn to
adapt by code-switching the practice of
alternating between two or more dialects
depending on who you're talking to it's
one way that black people who speak
aa've ee or speakers of other english
dialects such as Chicano English or
Cajun vernacular can stay true to
themselves while accepting the realities
of the language hierarchy because
sometimes a person getting a job may all
depend on saying ask instead of packs
and you may be thinking well that's just
the way the language cookie crumbles but
honestly is that really fair what about
people who are just as intelligent and
capable but have it
mastered the art of code-switching or
just don't want to look we are all
guilty of judging someone by the way
they speak at one time or another but
English is constantly evolving and quite
frankly not as precious as some people
make it out to be
and real talk English which is a
language that has developed from a whole
variety of other languages has a bunch
of weird rules that don't make a lot of
sense how is it that read and read are
spelled the same but they're two
different tenses how is sheep both
singular and plural why is there a
silent K Cano what I mean and as
speakers of American English which is
its own special dialect of British
English when you hear someone asks you a
question or start talking in a way you
don't immediately understand maybe you
should stop yourself from automatically
thinking that person is about lower
intelligence so to all the grammar
popo's out there lighten up okay if the
way someone pronounces asked determines
how you feel about them maybe take a
step back and ask yourself why thanks
for watching we'll see you next time
right here on decoded
