oh sorry I'm just really tired of these
trans tropes in movies and TV
hey Ren its Pride Month
yay so let's celebrate because it's a
great time for trans visibility and
media right and that quite while it's
awesome to celebrate how far we've come
with being trans folks on screen we have
to recognize that not all representation
is good representation quality not just
quantity matters because 84% of
Americans only learn about trans people
through the images they see in media
that means as a cisgender woman or a
woman who is assigned female at birth
I'd only be adding to the problems I
just sauted fact that you so I invited
my friend Patti Harrison to help out hey
Patti wait so does that mean that 84% of
Americans are watching me right now no
it just means that almost 270 million
Americans don't know any trans people so
their only exposure is through media I
can't screw this up no Patti the point
of this video is that you shouldn't have
to be perfect when representing the
trans community just be authentically
yourself we have be nice so fire up that
projector because here are five trans
tropes in media number one gender
identity as a punchline which played the
theater near you in Zoolander 2 the
comedy sequel features a non-binary
character which sounds amazing but it
was alleged Isis after Benedict
Cumberbatch largely to comedic effect if
an identity is a punchline then you're
kind of teaching the audience that it's
cool to make fun of it one of the jokes
is Owen Wilson asking the character
whether they have a hot dog or a bun
also don't ask people about their
genitalia it's offensive and I don't ask
you about your junk or what it smells
like even though I do wonder sometimes
number 2 trans trickery which you may
have seen in the Zac Ephron movie Mike
and Gav need wedding dates the title
characters are you guessed it looking
for wedding dais
Mike and Dave Craigslist ad goes viral
and one responder is a man wearing a wig
to trick them into thinking he's a woman
because he really wants to go on a
vacation
and hilarious now as Glyde points out it
actually seems this character is not
actually trans but this funny moment
perpetuates the outdated notion that
people use gender presentation as a
trick to get what they want when in
reality trans folks present as their
true gender only to beat more themselves
number three trans identity as a plot
twist from Ace Ventura to Pretty Little
Liars Hollywood love making gender
identity part of the big reveal
it gives me pretty little liars you know
that the whole series was building up to
the identity of the villain boiler alert
at the end of these of the six fans got
their answer even worse spoiler alert
the shell fell into the trap of using
gender identity as a plot twist and
associating it with criminality
they're also rotting the character of
nuance by making their coming-out a
dramatic plot point and not a major life
decision which brings me to something I
need to tell you Francesca I'm trans ax
I know Oh duh gooo yeah
number four film science the recently
released and thankfully recently
forgotten action movie the assignment
starts Michelle Rodriguez as an
accidental trans person because a
vengeful doctor performs gender
confirmation surgery on Michelle's
character that's that can be right is it
okay so that's art someone made that in
that's art okay great gender
confirmation surgery is a huge
undertaking that is a years long process
it involved counseling hormone treatment
preparation oh and a lifetime of being a
trans person it's not a revenge plot
number five trans folks played by sis
actors finally roll for them did you
notice that everyone we mentioned is not
trans
everyone benefits Cumberbatch not Tran
Bob certain who tried to date Mike and a
trans Vanessa ray who played Cece Drake
not trans Michelle Rodriguez who played
a character who inexplicably was made
trans as an act of revenge
not trans but what about the argument
that they're actors and acting is about
playing someone that's different than
you currently the roles available to
trans actors are few and far between and
when they do get a role it's usually
limited to playing a character who's
written to be trans so if a sis actor
takes that role there's almost nothing
left which is exactly why we need to be
more transparent ation ingredients it's
about 84% of the country can see the
diversity of trans experiences I mean no
one person represent a whole community
plus with or can may no I I don't think
they can oh yeah you're right
thanks for watching and thanks to our
special guest patty their excellence
we'll see you next time right here on
decoded
