can legalizing weed fight racism let's
find out okay here's a surprising fact
black people and white people smoke weed
at about the same rate but black people
are nearly four times as likely to be
arrested for marijuana as a white person
in some states is seven or eight times
more and this isn't new weed was
originally made illegal in the 30s
because America has historically been
racist as check out this quote by the
first head of drug enforcement and if
you don't think the war on weed is still
super racist let me ask you this if the
true goal was to arrest anyone who
smoked weed why don't the cops raid
Coachella every year hmm and racist weed
arrest patterns happen all over the
country in the West black folks are
twice as likely to be arrested in the
south three times more likely and in the
Northeast and Midwest four times more
likely even though nine out of 10
Americans believe personally possession
should not result in jail and 52% of
Americans support legalization so what
happens when states legalize weed well
there's good news for everyone and
especially people of color since any
drug arrests leads to loss of benefits
this means more people of color can
continue to access jobs student loans
public housing and a variety of
government services which is great sadly
legalizing weed
won't end racism because even where weed
is legal black people are still more
likely to go to jail for marijuana
offenses
what legalization is a small and
important F due to the criminalization
of people of color so put that in your
blunt and smoke it I don't know
