yo Andy we're gonna go get some lunch
where's the best place to find some
Mexican food around here
uh um I don't know actually I'm Puerto
Rican yeah but you know congratulations
Andy you've just been made a race and
Basset er I so told my boss no I don't
own a kimono and the next thing I know
HR told me I have to come to this class
welcome if you're attending the seminar
you've probably found you're the only
person of your background at your office
school or neighborhood here at the race
ambassador training center will help you
navigate this brand-new awesome
responsibility yes Latino ambassador
yeah I don't want to do this I don't
even know why I'm here
oh it's not optional think of it like a
public service like jury duty if jury
duty was everyday for the rest of your
life okay well can I at least represent
Puerto Rico no crazy ambassadors are
expected to speak multiple languages of
their own and with a little bit of
practice you guys can learn a new one
the language of non and fasteners for
example this common phrase where are you
from translates to why are you Brown
good next we'll learn how to say bad
words and all the languages that people
expect you to speak okay let's do a
little roleplay okay Mike hi now your
coworker I'm so excited to talk with you
about the latest Empire slash blackish
slash Luke Cage slash Real Housewives of
Atlanta and or regular Atlanta oh sorry
I don't really watch TV oh like what a
buzzkill television provides so many
people access to what they can only
assume is your unique lived experience
I've watched the wire
in watch the water what do I do when
people ask me to speak in Doo ooh you
should give it your best shot by
spending your free time doing homework
consuming hours worth of entertainment
you'll never be caught passively
betraying your race again yeah what
quick comment yeah it's long as that a
reason I don't know that sorry you have
to be listening to a bunch of kpop I
think but I'm not Korean oh my god it's
like you're not even listening you are
representing millions of people Lilly's
representing billions okay this is
serious stuff
act like it I feel like I've been
hearing a lot of why do people keep
asking me about country X when I'm from
countries see when instead you could be
using those as opportunities for great
teachable moments sorry you want us to
take the time to tutor people in
geography but I've already got so much
kpop on my plate
you guys it's not that hard like if
someone asked Mike to tell them about
Africa oh no nothing about Africa see
neither do they you're already finding
common ground and great use of your
native tongue okay why should we have to
do that like ever I'll give you guys an
example pretty huh what part of India
are you from oh here I'll show you okay
so I'm from this part ok great teachable
moment officially unti CH t' you know
what this whole thing is really not fair
yeah it's not fair to expect someone to
have all the answers or speak for their
entire race we're all unique individuals
briefs ambassadors are both uh hey is is
this the race ambassador meeting uh
what's going on oh uh I'm moving to
Liberia to teach third world countries
how to body surf I'm gonna be the only
white dude there it's gonna be pretty
sick so wait you're choosing to be a
race ambassador well yeah
is that the sash do I get one of those
sure dude this is awesome oh I look so
great that's
taking it seriously sweet yeah I think I
know a lot about like white history and
culture and stuff though so I don't
think I'll get too stumped over there
wait I have a question why do white
people always ask me if I think in
Spanish I mean we all think different
ways you know and why do white people
always think that I know black people
that they know well it's a small world
okay why do white people always ask me
if my uncle's a terrorist I mean
anything's possible why do i people like
camping not not all white people like
camping okay I don't like camping
do you know Adam Sandler could you
introduce me no I don't know Adam
Sandler how come white people love
recasting Asian roles with Matt Damon I
mean I don't know that's a question for
Hollywood why can't my people handle
spice I feel like you're putting all of
us in a box so can white people love
going on tough mudders with their
co-worker I don't represent my entire
race why won't you just let us have this
this is yeah okay I get it
you
