we've talked a lot about the problem of
police violence on our show but today we
want to focus on a possible solution
de-escalation says I've shown that when
police officers are properly trained in
de-escalation techniques there are far
fewer fatalities and don't just take my
word for it the US military has a big
focus on de-escalation training so to
talk more about this we've brought
Bernard Bolton an Army veteran with
tours of Iraq and Afghanistan
thanks for being here Benari so what
exactly is de-escalation well
essentially if you're in a hostile
environment or in a hostile situation
you want to bring calm and peace to the
situation as quickly and efficiently as
possible
in 2014 nearly 60% of the people killed
by police officers were unarmed or were
involved in harmless activities which
says to me that cops are struggling to
assess the threat level of civilians
that they encounter so what if someone
who's unarmed is like running at you
what would you do to assess the
situation well generally speaking you
know we're trained to assess things like
is this person armed are they not armed
do they present a danger to me
personally do they present a danger to
the people around us do they seem to be
in danger themselves are they in
distress are they coming to us for help
but when they're looking for help we
don't shoot them no you don't want to
shoot someone who's coming to you
alright for help the goal is to
neutralize the threat using as minimal
force as necessary so when do you shoot
them now well hopefully you don't get to
that you don't get I just want to make
sure that I'm clear so why does the US
military spend so much time on
de-escalation training well you know
de-escalation training is just one part
of the training but it's an important
part and the reason why the military
spends so much time on the training is
because all of this happens so quickly
decisions have to be made instantly and
you're making decisions literally
life-and-death decisions because that
you have to treat it with the utmost
importance when you talk about having to
fire your weapon you want to ensure that
that was absolutely the
Cerie course of action for that specific
incident
alright so currently police officers
spend about fifty eight hours in
training when it comes to using a
firearm but only eight hours of training
for de-escalation so when you were on
active duty how often were you training
the military never misses an opportunity
to train its service members so you know
there there's on-the-spot training where
you just take lessons learned and you
that as a training experience you're
going through physical training making
sure that you're physically fit you're
going through health assessments to make
sure that you're mentally fit I like
that I definitely want to make sure that
someone handling a gun has taken their
mental health into account well when you
spend all your time surrounded by people
who are carrying weapons you want to
make sure that you know they are in the
right frame of mind I've heard a lot of
people saying that there's a war on cops
you have been an actual war zone so how
does it make you feel when you hear that
in terms of the military when we're
deployed we're going to actively hostile
places whereas the police force they are
there to protect and serve their
community so if you if you treat the the
police like they're the military you're
assuming that they're going to hostile
places to begin with and that sets up a
very different relationship with the
community okay we all know the military
is imperfect so in your experience is
having a relationship with the community
and understanding them does that make
your job easier or more challenging well
it's essential that you understand who
these people are what they expect of you
what they're looking for and you and
what you're looking for in them I think
it's very important that the community
knows that police have their backs but
it's also important that the police know
that the community has their backs
because if the community doesn't trust
its police force that's going to make
the police officers jobs that much
harder and they're gonna find themselves
in increasingly dangerous situations so
I think that it has to be a two-way
street for everyone's benefit it'll make
the community safer and it'll also make
the police safer ok Minari way to show
out you invited me I did thank you so
much
has been really eye-opening this
conversation was really about looking at
things that institutions are doing well
and what we can learn from them and I
think you've provided a lot of insight
yeah and thank you for your service this
has been a really great conversation
well thank you so much for having
you
