finally we're going to answer the
question you've all been asking why does
decoded hate white people well we don't
there's overwhelming evidence that
implicit racial bias is real an
institutional racism is still rampant in
America and abroad today whoa okay
talking about oppression doesn't mean I
hate white people the problem is it's
hard to get mad at systems and
institutions instead of taking these
conversations personally when I
criticize the school to Prison Pipeline
lack of police training workplace
discrimination or our court system some
people don't want to hear it or think
about it let's use preschool for example
in a study done by the Department of
Education black children make up 18% of
the preschool population but represent
almost half of all out-of-school
suspensions basically while a
misbehaving white toddler might get
timeout a black toddler is more likely
to get sent home and have disciplinary
action on their record what does that
say to you for journalists who
investigate these kinds of stats they
reach the conclusion that these
suspensions are tied to teacher bias in
other words teachers are more likely to
see black children as threats to their
classroom rather than just kids being
kids and always remember all toddlers
are monsters this is a huge problem does
it mean that all these preschool
teachers are racist not explicitly so
but they have bias just like all of us
and fixing this is even more complicated
including allocating tons of money
towards teacher training childcare
resources and a million other things so
let's check in with your feelings are
you a mad at the Department of Education
for not training teachers better be mad
at your state congressional
representatives for not pushing for
bigger education budgets or see mad at
me for talking about this because it's
easier to direct your anger toward
someone making you feel guilty instead
of being angry at the complicated as
world of institutional racism
if you chose C please resist the urge to
close your browser and instead keep
listening you might have noticed nowhere
in there did I say white people are the
problem that's because these issues are
bigger than individuals it's going to
take all of us to advocate for change so
the next time you have the urge to say
for Jessica hates white people
please autocorrect - for
trusty hates the historical roots of
oppression that have led to today's
societal conditions which allow
institutions with white leadership to
systemically discriminate against people
of color easy peasy
it's clear that people who get mad about
discussions of racism aren't actually
listening to the criticisms they aren't
hearing the facts and stats they aren't
even directly disagreeing with research
instead they're disagreeing with the
sentiment things are bad for people of
color and we need change why
well dr. Robyn D'Angelo a white critical
racial and social justice scholar has
described the discomfort some white
people have towards talking about racism
as white fragility since white people
often grow up in environments where
discussing race is seen as taboo some
react defensively when the topic of
racism comes up dr. DeAngelo says this
manifests itself as outward displays of
emotions such as anger fear and guilt
and behaviors such as argumentation
silence and leaving the stress inducing
situation I'd also add aggressively
calling someone's at replies on Twitter
that list but that's neither here nor
there it's also hard to think about
these issues on an institutional level
and because talking about racism
automatically makes a lot of white
people uncomfortable
they sometimes begin to think they're
being personally attacked or blamed
recent studies show that white Americans
believe bias against white people is a
bigger issue in our country than ever
before this however is simply not true
statistically for mortgage lending the
police brutality the reality for white
Americans tends to be way more positive
than for black Americans and other
people of color so don't be mad at me be
mad at the stats a classic example is
the bias associated with drug use white
people use drugs at similar rates as
black people but black people are much
more likely to go to jail for drug usage
because of the way we structure our
policing practices there is even bias in
the political language we use to
describe the issue in the 80s when crack
became a huge problem we had the war on
drugs but now with the prescription meds
epidemic which is largely affecting
white communities we're actually calling
it what it is an opioid epidemic but
when these issues are brought up too
often people accuse us of bias against
white people by refusing to engage with
the actual issues the people who shout
the absurd accusation you're racist
against white people are really just
attempting to shut down the conversation
imagine if we were able to
talk about these issues without a mob of
angry replies or what if people were
angry at oppression instead of the
people talking about oppression or if
the discussions were about what policies
were needed and what our political
leaders could do to help kids stay in
school and prevent citizens from being
murdered by the police imagine if people
who think I'm racist against white
people found something they enjoyed
online instead of watching decoded every
week and complaining in the comments and
look no matter who you are these
conversations can be difficult
acknowledging your privilege is
difficult and accepting that the world
isn't fair to everyone sucks but the
most important things are often the
hardest ones to do thanks so much for
watching we don't hate anybody we'll see
you next time right here on decoded
