sometime notice is there's no n-word
equivalent for white people this cracker
Kremlin Goomba gringo boom cricket honky
Elvis and my personal favorite Oh Jay
hunters the only thing you can call
white people to really hurt their
feelings is racist they hate that word
I mean it really hurts their feelings I
got me call damn word you call a white
person a racist
they lose their minds yeah I thought
that get white noise okay that's my time
Georgia Temple everybody all right how
you crackers feeling that crowd was
brutal they hated me oh all right dude
I'm gonna give you some advice I am I'm
sorry like just comment to comic you
talk about race a lot and you can't
stereotype all white people as being
racist yeah I didn't say that no it's
look you know that not all white people
are racist right no I never said that
you made us feel bad
okay I'm supposed to say that all sounds
well and good but where does it end
exactly and now we have comedians like
Jordan temple using this word just for
shock value I'm gonna show this video
but I'll warn our viewers it includes
very offensive language I think what
Jordan was trying to say was that
there's been no word to oppress white
people the way that there has been for
black people really because I feel
oppressed that word oppresses me look if
the word race upset you that wait did
you just bleep me
that word is an act of hate speech
committed by people who think they can
tell us what we can or cannot say well
I'm here to tell them that they can't
say that if that's the case it's only
because you might be a real stop it man
okay there's just no reason mean our
children watch the show our children
watch this show
my races those dudes just we clean the
word racist
hey man look I don't know how to tell
you this dude like I can't what you go
on to it what you know that set you did
about the word racist hurting white
people's feelings it hurt a lot of
people's feelings good time ignorant ass
racist got a basically is doing Chris
Rock racist love racquetball
oh well was that that felt very
aggressive I was just walking in
officers wait a minute
matches the perp exactly exactly man
that's canticle mob what'd you just say
to me that's it buddy this niggas going
downtown now that was definitely racist
