showing ID before you vote is no big
deal everyone has ID right in case you
haven't noticed the presidential
election is almost here soon everybody
can go to the polls and cast their
ballots to decide the fate of America
well almost everybody since 2008 ten
states have successfully implemented
strict voter ID laws that are meant to
prevent voter fraud but in reality make
it harder for a lot of people to vote
three of them make you show either a
photo ID like a driver's license or non
photo ID like a bill with your name on
it before you can vote at the polls the
other seven will only let you vote if
you have a photo ID so depending on
where you live what you need to do to
vote in our national election can be
totally different America so why are
these laws popped up recently well in
theory they prevent voters from
impersonating someone else that way we
can all feel confident the accuracy of
the election process without worrying
that some kid is sneaking into the polls
wearing mustache glasses
yoyoyo fake IDs vote twice but here's
the thing the kind of fraud voter ID
laws claims prevent practically never
happens in fact a report concluded that
voter impersonation is rarer than being
struck by lightning
even foxnews.com reported that this kind
of voter fraud rarely happens wait did I
just agree with Fox News oh my god so
why even bother having voter ID laws at
all
oh good old-fashioned voter suppression
with a dash of racism and classism for
good measure requiring voters to have ID
seems like a harmless precaution until
you realize the majority of people
lacking ID are either elderly poor and
aren't white and frequently they're all
three statistically African American and
Latin X voters are much less likely than
white voters to have the qualifying IDs
required by states with voter ID laws
they're also disproportionately likely
to be low-income even when a state
offers free photo ID these residents may
not be able to afford the underlying
documents transportation or time
required to get one many republicans
pushing for voter ID claim the laws have
nothing to do with race or class but in
2013 North Carolina County precincts GOP
chair Don Yelton told The Daily Show
that if the state's new voter i-d rule
hurts a bunch of lazy blacks who just
want the government to give them
everything so be it tell us how you
really feel Don and speaking of North
Carolina they passed a law that imposed
strict photo ID requirements on voters
in addition to ending voter registration
outreach programs that historically
increased black voter turnout thankfully
this past July a federal appeals court
actually struck down North Carolina's
voter ID laws claiming they targeted
african-americans with almost surgical
precision the voter ID laws are a
classic example of structural racism
which is what makes racism different
from prejudice prejudice is the
individual dislike of a class of people
based on a superficial characteristic or
stereotype
racism is racial prejudice plus
structural oppression and power that
negatively impacts a group structural
racism often exists in the form of
policies or laws that may or may not
seem overtly racist but ultimately cause
negative consequences for people of
color pop quiz what's the best way to
make sure racist laws stay on the books
and new rules aren't put into place oh I
know make it really difficult for people
color a vote and that has a
long history in America after the Civil
War the 15th amendment was ratified
making it illegal to deny a male citizen
the right to vote based on race but that
didn't stop election officials from
falsely telling black voters they've
gotten the date wrong or that they were
in the wrong polling place other voters
were told they had to pass a literacy
test first some were even forced to
recite the entire Constitution really
who can do that without Google
fast-forward to the civil rights
movement in the 1960s after the violent
attack by state troopers on peaceful
activists protesting in Selma Alabama
the Voting Rights Act of 1965 was passed
which explicitly made voter
discrimination illegal because of the
Act turnout of black voters increased
tremendously of course not everyone was
happy about this some states took issue
with section 5 of the Voting Rights Act
which required states with a history of
voter discrimination to seek federal
approval before making changes to voter
laws this was basically the federal
government's way of looking at states
who've been shady towards voters in the
past and letting them know we see you
but in 2013 in the case of shelby county
versus holder lawmakers argued enough
time and passed that it was no longer
fair to make these states undergo the
extra approval because you know racism
is over the supreme court agreed
so after shelby versus holder states
like Alabama were free to change
election laws without approval from the
Justice Department and many of them took
advantage of this to create the voter ID
laws we see today Justice Ruth Bader
Ginsburg who dissented from the decision
said throwing out preclearance when it
has worked and is continuing to work to
stop discriminatory changes is like
throwing away your umbrella in a
rainstorm because you are not getting
wet and when it comes to racism it's
still raining a lot so why does all this
matter well beyond ensuring every
American has the right to vote the key
to ending structural racism is by
replacing it with a better structure it
isn't just about people changing their
racist behaviors although that's
certainly part of it it's also about
reassessing the way those behaviors get
written into the very laws on which our
country stands and if you're not sure
what you need to do to vote in your
state
our friends John and Hank green put
together a great youtube channel called
how to vote in every state you should
also check out MTV's elect this
to learn more about the election we'll
put links to both sites in the
description box so you can make sure
your voice is heard this November thanks
for watching we'll see you next time
right here on decoded
