while some people believe racial and
ethnic stereotypes are based on some
sort of unchangeable truth about how
people really are a lot of the
stereotypes we have today used to be the
exact opposite if there's one thing most
people think of when it comes to Japan
its efficiency and hard work but in the
early 1900's most Westerners thought of
the Japanese as lazy an American
missionary observed that many Japanese
give an impression of being lazy and
utterly indifferent to the passage of
time really you know what the Japanese
have a word for working themselves to
death right you guys this is Japan this
is them being lazy
the Japanese gave us Playstation and
Nintendo two things to make us lazy and
indifferent to the passage of time they
flipped the script on us that's genius
the British lion and the Irish monkey
wow this sounds like a really racist
Pixar movie I personally think that it's
really weird when white people are
racist to other white people then why do
black people got to get the hand-me-down
stereotypes we can't get that original
listen book man was there some kind of
racist meeting where they were like all
right what are we gonna call these
people we don't like monkeys okay great
what are we gonna call these people we
don't like
monkeys listen racists okay you've got
to get more creative so why where the
Irish ever called eight because the
ensel has nothing to do with how someone
looks and has everything to do with
dehumanizing
here are some puts it is long before a
German can be brought to comprehend the
bearings of what is new no wonder that
they are not distinguished by enterprise
or activity not distinguished by
enterprise or tivity means they don't
know and they don't do name nothing some
will laugh all sorrows away others will
always indulge in melancholy so this guy
just called the Germans a bunch of drama
queens so let me get this straight we
used to think they were dumb and
emotional and now we think Germans are
cold and logical both groupings kind of
both today people complain that Mexicans
are taking our jobs but up until fairly
recently Mexicans were thought of as
lazy which is why you can buy this
little sleeping Mexican on Amazon look
at this little snoozy buddy these are
two different products ordered from two
different places it looks like they have
the same Mexican you decide which
stereotype you to go with he's tired cuz
he's lazy or he's tired cuz he stole all
of your jobs you have to build a wall to
keep him out of your dish I don't know
which is it racists are they lazy or
they taking all of our jobs I just have
to know it can't be both while today
many generalized Asian men has
emasculated and almost non sexual we
even did an episode about it during the
1930s Filipino men were seen as
dangerously hyper sexual to quote some
newspapers from the 1920s the Filipinos
are hot little rabbits and many of these
white women like them for this reason
that sounds great hot little rabbits
hell yeah the lovemaking of the
filipinos is primitive even heathenish
more elaborate is it just me or does
this sound like someone's tinder profile
my lovemaking is primitive peevish
elaborate what we learned is that
stereotypes are both it's not fair to
say all Asian people are hyper sexual
even though I personally
hot little rabbit so if you didn't get
it stereotypes are basically both thanks
so much for watching we'll see you next
time right here on decoded
