imagine if you went to see a movie about
Elvis Presley and the producer is
decided to cast even young with no
explanation that'll be weird right well
the inverse happens to asian-americans a
lot in case you were alive in the past
few months you may not have heard that
the film crazy rich Asians made a lot of
money and left many Asian people in the
movie theater crying their eyes out so
why did a film about someone marrying a
really rich guy have such a big impact
well Hollywood has a history of
whitewashing films meaning not only the
Asian actors often get overlooked for
parts many roles that are based on Asian
characters or actual Asian people are
given to white actors so why does this
happen
why is Hollywood so quick to take away
on-screen opportunities from Asian
actors to get a better understanding my
friends faria Khan and Lily do are here
to break it down thanks for in Tesco I'm
Lily do and I'm free at Kong and we're
here to break down agent whitewashing in
Hollywood
no I'm Lily do and I'm very akan
whitewashing in Hollywood is a huge
problem I mean at this rate if you want
to see yourself on screen you might want
to be white do you go okay let's take a
look at a generation Hollywood a
generation is the process in which
Hollywood kicks troll is written for
Asian characters and gives them to a
Hawaii two actors instead of Asian
actors so basically our dudes are
getting wiped out before they even hit
the screen you think this is the same
country that had Japanese internment
camps are upheld elusive and it is it's
tough times for the Asians out here but
if you're unfamiliar with whitewashing
in Hollywood here's a few examples here
you go what I mean if you're a heart
stats type here are some numbers and
they are terrible agents are still only
in 1% of Hollywood's leading roles but
make up 5% of the American population a
recent study found that the number of
directors of Asian descent in the 100
highest-grossing films of each year so
virtually no change over the last decade
and only 34 of the 1000 film surveyed
had an
director and this is my favorite more
white women playing Asian women have won
Oscars than actual Asian women that hurt
me so what are Hollywood's fun excuses
for whitewashing movies a lot of execs
choose the popular financial excuse that
there aren't enough Asian stars to leave
big productions and they need those
white stars to make back there giant
budgets it's not that they're racist
it's that everyone else is racist
for example Rupert Sanders the director
of ghost in the shell' said the reason
why he cast Scarlett Johansson as a
Japanese character and then used CGI to
make her look more Asian is because
she's the best actress of her generation
and then max landis the screenwriter of
that same movie said there are no a list
female Asian celebrities right now on an
international level hmm I wonder why
that is the catch-22 of these arguments
is that by and large Hollywood as a
system chooses who they make stars for
example Scarlett Johansson found
opportunity in smaller roles then bigger
roles in smaller movies then leading
roles and then blockbusters roles get
you roles if Hollywood wanted to they
could choose to make stars out of any of
these Asian actresses who have proven
their talent in a slew of very popular
movies awesome I'm available hit me up
and by the way all of Scarlett
Johansson's star power didn't keep ghost
in the shell' from bombing big time at
the box office look clearly a lot of
excuses at this point are just plain
bull does anyone really think dr.
strange made significantly more money
from casting Tilda Swinton as the
ancient one in the film that's a
character that was an Asian man in the
comics often there is no measurable
monetary benefit from casting white
actors instead of Asian actors for Asian
characters a recent study at UCLA found
that films with diverse leads produced
higher box office numbers and also had
higher returns on investment for studios
and producers so looks like it pays to
put me in your movies specifically me oh
and also very hot buddy cop movie
and if you're not Asian maybe you're
sitting here like that does this matter
if you ask that question cuz you're
racist and you're just here to troll us
I can't wait for your comments later
buddy thanks for stopping by but for the
people who actually want to understand
you're cool let's talk about what effect
this has on the asian-american community
at large first off when you don't see
yourself represented on screen this
discourages young asian talent from
getting into the biz in the first place
perpetuating the issue of talent rising
up even further second off seeing
yourself and your story represented is
huge for a little insight when I first
saw a my rapping on stage
I lost much to me and showed me that
brown girls can be strong and badass and
cool and not just stuck with being
either jasmine or a frumpy dump like
this guy told me once in high school
shout out to your boy every bad one I
wouldn't say the trends are changing but
we've definitely seen a few improvements
in the last few years like the big sick
which centered on an Asian American
story and Star Wars a huge blockbuster
that featured major Asian American
characters plus we've seen the Mindy
project fresh off the boat and crazy
ex-girlfriend putting Asian stories on
TV which is refreshing look as furry huh
said earlier Asians make up less than 1%
of Hollywood roles but five percent of
the American population so if we were
even close to proportional there would
be five times as many Asians in the
media and one more thing besides all
that Asians are good as hell at art pay
respect where respect is due your
Chinese tattoo that you don't understand
says you should back to you Francesca no
one deserves to feel like they don't
count but a ratio of people of color on
screen does exactly that plus it looks
like diversity and film may actually
turn out to be a big financial win when
done right and listen we all have our
own biases but we need to challenge
ourselves to look beyond them so to
learn more about your own bias check out
look different gorg special thanks to
Lily du and Faria Khan and we'll see you
next time right here on decoded
