spoiler alert in the u.s. racism is not
just a southern thing ever notice when
people impersonate a racist they always
sound like a good old southern boy he'll
we've even done it on this show but
that's not entirely fair racism also has
a long history in northern and so-called
progressive western states and the
history of this racism is the history of
land and how far some white people were
willing to go to keep it for themselves
here are three important examples of how
racism was maintained in the northern
and western United States sundown towns
some downtown's may sound like a quaint
retirement village for your grandma but
they're actually representative of some
of the worst forms of racism America had
to offer and that says a lot
sundown towns were named after the signs
that used to be posted on the edge of
each town threatening and word don't let
the Sun go down on you and Hawthorne or
whatever the town was calling basically
the implication was that if you were
caught being black in that town after
sundown you wouldn't survive the night
these towns were essentially a real-life
horror movie while it's been difficult
to pin down just how many of these
independent towns sprang up author
Jeffrey Lowen did some research for a
book of a subject and estimates a
barrier between 3,000 and 15,000 sundown
towns in the United States between 1890
and 1930 and guess what they weren't all
in the south yeah I'm looking at you
Iowa don't give me that look Minnesota
ah that is a whole lot of places that
seem to have made lynching and murder
acceptable just because they didn't want
black people to live there the founding
of Oregon Oregon's
origin that's hard to say way before it
became hipster heaven Oregon was the
only state that expressly forbade black
people from living working for owning
property there now it's acute now black
people couldn't even move to Oregon
until 1926 and they couldn't enter most
of the businesses well into the 1950s
Oregon also became a major hub for the
Ku Klux Klan in 1922 9,000 of the clans
14,000 members lived in Portland great
one more place I can't go a nighttime
travel how on earth did Oregon become so
racist Oregon has been trying to keep it
my t-white since before they were even a
state in 1844 they passed legislation
that said they could flog any black
person who did move out of a state by
1846 in 1845 they changed the provision
to instead say that black folks
remaining in the state would be offered
up for hire to any white person so leave
the state or become a slave awesome so
the black version of Oregon Trail was
just called don't go to Oregon and the
past still influences the present
according to the 2010 census the
population of Oregon is currently eighty
seven point nine percent white don't get
it twisted that white utopia stuff is
real and the numbers still reflected
redlining
during the recession in the 1930s the
homeowners Loan Corporation created ways
to assess neighborhoods as part of a
huge mortgage refinancing initiative
five-date a little problem their rating
system was designed to keep black people
out of certain neighborhoods
it's called redlining because they
literally drew a red line around the
areas where black people were allowed to
live so creative redlining created huge
wealth gaps in most major cities which
was largely result of preventing black
home ownership the practice also gave
tax breaks and better loans to white
people keeping black citizens completely
outside of the process that would
guarantee safety and security for their
families for generations to come
it's almost as if racism was and is a
systemic problem just like people
inherit suburban homes owned by their
grandparents victims of redlining
inherit all of the social educational
and housing issues created generations
ago that keep them oppressed it's not
even ancient history in 2014 the Buffalo
based Evans Bank Corp settled a lawsuit
for $1,000,000 for excluding African
Americans and redlining certain
districts in western New York not the
south look we're not saying everyone in
the north is racist but we can't ignore
the systemic reasons that racism
persists and we can't pretend it only
happens in the south thanks for watching
and we'll see you next time right here
on decoded
