all right so we are here for a rap
battle to see who's more woke now in
this corner we've got fitty sensitive
LGBTQ ten all right DJ hit that track of
hot available on Spotify because they
don't pay the artist enough royalties
yeah nobody starts right away give me a
sec nice man's bread damn kid it's like
you don't even care if a lady with the
baby maybe wants to sit over there whose
baby just got schooled and speaking of
Education in this nation 40 percent of
poor kids won't make it a graduation I
can battle up stab some facts but I came
here to change things like globalization
gentrification food and body shaming so
listen man I'm telling you my research
sexplanations I'm like a pissed-off
parking cop the way I dropped citations
don't mean to condescend you're all my
sisters and my brothers we're all
related particles I see no race or color
ready Walter Freddie whoa you might I
take it old nap in there but I'll see if
mr. fitty sensitive can figure out where
sounds like you study well for dummies
Oh tumblr but the Braille sensitivity
your delivery would be humble if you're
clinically colorblindness fine and your
excuse but to say we're all the same
just the fades race issues
check check check your priveledge in
fact you even rapping here is very
sacrilegious you'll never stop by the
cops and you take that for granted and
then every summer it will be your wife
man saves the planet your local so
backtrack and unpack that big invisible
backpack with an easy path to the middle
class with golf clubs and yoga man you
know you're up to lose your make up
stuff in the panic
you're reaching when you're preaching so
your beef is not organic
yoga's not just for white folks even our
creation just another example of
cultural appropriation why do you assume
you know the troubles I've been through
if you think my life's a walk in the
park then I got news for you Brian aim
to be a white man I sympathize below but
for me it's culturally impossible to be
less woke than you oh I'm not sure
that's exactly true but I guess I'll
stay out of this and just let you do you
the words of a procession of endless
microaggressions raised in the world
that put some girls and celebrates
oppression you assume a lot about me so
I'll assume your heteronormative let me
fill you in on a few things that you
might find informative I identify as
female but still dressed like a man I
bet you wish you could hit rewind and
rewrite your battle plans
damn I miss Jen did you that was totally
demeaning I thought I was vote but I
must have just been dreaming
all right fan let's give a hand to these
two who weren't afraid to risk putting
their foot in their mouth or into
something way out face you don't always
have to talk but you should always stop
to listen and maybe don't throw away any
the minute opinions are different
I won't declare a winner coz some each
other hits and misses you both learn so
you both earned participation ribbons I
know it's called a battle but it's not a
competition because there's no gold
medal in the oppression Olympics
a huge thank you to mark from the Key of
Awesome for this awesome music in this
collab I don't need any thanks I just
came here to get woke okay so make sure
to check out the Key of Awesome this
channel will link in the description box
and check out all their awesome
parodies and we'll see you next time
right here on decoded bye can I keep
this outfit yes
