have you ever wondered why people say oh
I don't see color as a way to fix racism
yeah that doesn't work on this show we
talk about race all the time but I've
got a bomb to drop biologically speaking
race doesn't exist oh my goodness we've
all up in the line to wait why am i host
in this show so race isn't biological
but the social contract of race and
racism still have a very real impact on
everyone's lives and this isn't just
about feelings race is all about the
structural foundation of social power so
why do so many people incorrectly think
race is biological well beyond the fact
that we like to group people based on
external characteristics it goes like
this in biology there is a concept of
genetically different subspecies which a
lot of people confuse with human races
biologists actually have a scale for
this and humans don't even come close to
qualifying throughout history people
have used this incorrect understanding
of subspecies to justify all kinds of
terribleness and even proclaim other
races as less than human but modern
genetics has shown that the lines around
race are so arbitrary that they're
actually meaningless and since I'm not a
scientist I'll take a quote Francis
Collins the director of the National
Human Genome Research Institute said it
himself those who wish to draw precise
racial boundaries around certain groups
will not be able to use science as a
legitimate justification oops I dropped
the mic so free selsun exists
biologically why do we keep talking
about it sound the alarm we keep talking
about race because we created it yay us
that's right race is a social construct
a social construct is a category
perception or idea created and developed
by society and then applied to
individuals or groups but social
constructs are still very real and have
huge impacts on our lives cuz you know
what else is a social construct money
and if you don't think money has an
enormous impact on your life well then
congratulations you either have a trust
fund or you're an adorable baby or maybe
you're about here's what I know talking
about racism just creates more racism oh
no first up race
isn't the problem racism is and even if
it was the problem problems don't get
worse when you talk about them and they
don't magically go away when you ignore
them ah not true
I had five cavities I ignored them in
all five of those teeth fell out poof
problem solved color blindness while
niacin theory has no effect on
structural and institutional racism
racism is a system and that system
benefits certain people at the expense
of others ignoring it just lets those
problems persist don't believe me let's
take a look at some examples where
colorblindness doesn't work number one
preschool punishment let's face a fact
preschool age children of every race are
monsters but according to the US
Department of Education office for civil
rights report released in 2014
black children make up 18% of
preschoolers but almost half of all
suspensions half and I don't think
anybody believes all these preschool
teachers are racist out to get little
black children but the data shows that
black and Latino children often face
steeper punishments than their white
classmates for the same behavior that's
a problem and simply believing we
shouldn't see race or we shouldn't talk
about race does nothing to solve this
problem number two the named study a
study by the National Bureau of Economic
Research confirm that people with ethnic
sounding names that's a whole other
episode are less likely to get
interviewed when they apply for drops
meanwhile applicants with white sounding
names actually get 33% more callbacks
for interviews it's the equivalent of
having eight years of additional
experience shout out to all the white
Daquan struggling to get job interviews
and it's not just black and white
they've done similar studies around the
world and in Canada people with white
sounding names were 35% more likely to
get callbacks than people with Indian or
Chinese sounding names so instead of
just assuming people shouldn't care
about color or names companies
governments and schools should take the
bias out of hiring an experiment with
nameless resumes to you know solve the
problem number three renting an
apartment when the Department of Housing
and Urban Development and the Urban
Institute did a study about real estate
they found that black Latino and Asian
renters were shown up to twelve percent
fewer units than white renters and when
the fair housing Justice Center used
actors to apply for apartments they
found that black and Latino
renters were often told there were no
apartments available while white
applicants were shown apartments in the
same building so this building has a
pool a laundry room and a racist
landlady colorblindness won't fix
housing discrimination we're going to
need smart laws and a concerted effort
for that so tell me again how
colorblindness is gonna fix the fact
that I can't get an education a job or a
house in many cases colorblindness is
actively harmful because it creates a
false sense of security for the groups
of directly benefits the people who
benefited from systemic racism can
assume that they got the job or a house
or weren't suspended from preschool
simply because they were more qualified
or just better ignoring race or only
acknowledging that it doesn't exist
biologically is not a solution to these
systemic issues it takes work effort
laws and new systems to undo racism
these differences may seem minut but
they're part of a very large structure
of oppression that's been ingrained in
us if we can understand that we made it
up we can actively work to change it
thanks for watching we'll see you next
time right here on decoded
