Francesca what an American thing Asian
men are sexy I have no idea when it
comes to online dating Asian women are
the most sought after ethnic group while
Asian men on the other hand have an
incredibly low favorability rating so
why are agent Wynand desired to the
point of being fetishized in asian men
almost completely ignored well let's
start with Asian women Asian women in
this country are more than desired their
fetishize and exotic eyes heck you've
probably heard someone say something
kind of like this no I totally have
yellow fever I'm the only care is more
Asian chicks hooked on this fetish for
Asian ladies combines a presumed
submissiveness with hyper sexuality all
while imagining that Asian women are
exotic regardless of where they're from
or what they're like as individuals
don't believe me here's some things that
have actually been said to my friend
Lily I've never dated one of your kind
before they're more docile
they're just tighter thanks Lily and I'm
really sorry so how do people come to
the idea that over half a billion Asian
women are all kind of the same while the
history of Western Europeans fetishizing
Asian women goes back hundreds of years
it exploded in popularity in the late
1800s this was due to an increased trade
with Japan and China and the popularity
of the French story Madame Kris anthem
in the story a naval officer travels to
Nagasaki and takes a temporary wife
basically a hookup for his deployment
the girl he was looking for had to be a
little creamy skinned woman with black
hair and cat's eyes he also wanted her
to be pretty and not much bigger than a
doll side note we're women not dolls
unless you're talking about your real
doll and in one scene the narrator
describes how the local women grovel
before me on the floor placing all this
plaything of a meal at my feet gross and
this story became super popular it was
translated into every major European
language and republish over 200 times
during the author's lifetime it was also
the inspiration for the Opera of Madame
Butterfly which itself is an enormous
shit and it still performed hundreds of
times a year this narrative of the
exotic submissive Asian woman got
further reinforced over the course of
the 20th century during America's wars
in Japan Korea and Vietnam after world
war ii approximately 200,000 japanese
women were enslaved by the japanese
government as prostitutes for american
soldiers as part of the recreation and
amusement Association this practice of
organized prostitution continued through
the Korean and Vietnam wars with 95
percent of American soldiers reporting
having sought a prostitute so that's
something to talk about at your next
family reunion so the first interaction
that three generations of American men
had with Asian women was as submissive
sexual objects combine this with the
reinforcement in popular culture and
porn and it's no wonder the stereotype
of the submissive sexy asian woman still
persists of course when it comes to
getting dates and being seen as
attractive history has helped Asian men
to face the exact opposite issue of
Asian women since the 1800s when Asian
immigrants began coming to America as
cheap labor forces Asian men have faced
harsh discrimination much of it directly
sexual some laws prevented Asian men
from owning property which made you
legally less of a man other laws barred
them from heavy industry which force
Asian men to take on traditionally
feminine jobs like laundry and cooking
which led to the perceptions of Asian
men being effeminate cooking and laundry
are inherently feminine I barely know
how to cook and barely do my laundry but
it gets worse in 1882 Chinese immigrants
were prohibited from entering the US
altogether which left hundreds of
thousands of the Chinese men that were
already here without the possibility of
bribes
why that's because due to
anti-miscegenation laws it was illegal
for Asian men to marry white women in
many states on top of that laws passed
in the 1920s made it so that non-white
women who married Asian men could lose
their citizenship this complex system of
laws was a direct attack on Asian men's
ability to marry and start families
thus emasculating them and making them
less desirable to women come on
and that history of emasculating Asian
men lives on especially in Hollywood
think about long Duk dong in sixteen
Candles or hot ins broken English and
two throat girls or the various small
penis jokes in the hangover movies Asian
men are barely on-screen and almost
never shown as attractive or
romantically desired by anyone I find
you very sexy thank you
don't believe me quick without Google
how many American rom-coms can you name
with an Asian male lead and when was the
last time you even saw an Asian man
kissed someone on camera Franchesca I
totally get it I'm just not really in
the Asian dudes on a personal level
claiming you're not attracted to an
entire group of people because of their
race is sexual prejudice and here's the
thing a ton of people across many
ethnicities are guilty of this but it's
not any better when you base
attractiveness solely on race
cuz that's fetishizing here's the thing
institutionalized racism fuels America
oftentimes in ways that you might not
even realize and because we live in a
world that continues to reinforce
outdated and harmful sexual stereotypes
it's no wonder that some people start to
believe them so the secret's out despite
hundreds of years of being told the
opposite Asian men can indeed be sexy
and Asian women are more than just their
sexiness if we don't learn from history
we're doomed to repeat it
and the truth is when it comes to dating
and race we still have a long ways to go
we want to hear about your experiences
have you ever been discriminated against
in the dating world or still think
dating a certain race is just a
preference let us know in the comments
and thanks to our special guests Lily
and Stu we'll see you next week right
here on decoded Hey ladies I think that
stereotype is dead wrong
those ABS disagree
you
