Finkle world without school dress code
you'd be chaos this week on decoded oh
no not this dream again a few years back
student rebellions against sexist dress
codes were all over the news with
campaigns like hashtag I am more than a
distraction it's been pretty cool
watching kids get in on the action and
fighting for the change they believe in
now I know what you're thinking
if dress codes are sexist what should we
do just not have dress codes
okay stop before you get your dress code
compliant undies in a bunch let me just
save it no I don't believe the answer is
to just abolish dress codes but let's
strap in and take a look at how dress
codes can get things wrong really really
wrong number one unfair enforcement
let's get one thing straight it's
reasonable for schools to have
guidelines on what not to wear just like
a normal workplace or a convenience
store with a no shirt no shoes no
service sign also the thought of being
barefoot in a convenience store makes me
oh the problem is that a lot of the
items schools banned take pretty
specific aim at girls remember the story
but the fifteen-year-old Florida girl
forced to wear a shame suit we're
wearing a skirt just slightly too short
to meet the school's knee-length dress
code or how about the 15 year old girl
recovering from cancer treatment who got
sent to the principal's office for
wearing a hat or earlier this year when
a 17 year old girl was forced to put
band-aids on her nipples because her
sunburn made it too uncomfortable to
wear a bra and yes for those who don't
know black people can get sunburns
really and while many of these rules are
technically evenly applied across
genders like rules about how long shorts
have to be whether tank tops are
acceptable or if it's ever okay to ship
mid-drift they don't affect boys nearly
as much probably because we haven't
progressed as a society enough we're 15
year-old boys feel comfortable wearing
crop top to the school plus girls
fashion has a lot more variety than boys
and many of the
rulz send a message that girls bodies
are a distraction but they're at fault
for which brings me to our next point
number two dress codes sexualize young
girls distraction is a word that comes
up a lot when people talk about dress
codes can clothes be distracting
absolutely I imagine that if someone
showed up to school wearing one of those
one-man band outfits from Mary Poppins a
full astronaut suit or a hardcore black
panther cosplay you might have a few
questions but distracting is often a
coded way of saying that an outfit is
too sexy which is incredibly subjective
the rules that often get laid out bans
on leggings restrictions on shorts and
skirts or rules about cleavage are more
about producing girls bodies than they
are about banning certain clothes one
Kentucky girl got sent home for
violating a dress code because a teacher
could see her collarbone sexy so bit in
the lesson here is that girls bodies are
a distraction and boys aren't
responsible for staying focused on their
own work it's a very backwards message
and it doesn't give enough credit to
girls or to boys we should be teaching
voice to be responsible for their own
actions instead of blaming girls for
what they're wearing otherwise we're
just reinforcing the heteronormative
idea that teenage boys are
uncontrollable even worse the way
students sometimes get punished for
breaking dress code by being given
suspensions or being forced to wear
intentionally hideous school supplied
cover-ups feels like it's more about
shaming the students as opposed to
keeping order in the school itself so
that whole thing about distractions
sorry not buying it number three racial
prejudice can be built in yes dress
codes can and frequently are racist as
well as sexist earlier this year the
National Women's Law Center put out a
report alleging that black girls are
significantly more likely to be with
dress code violations from their white
counterparts there are a number of
reasons why but one of the biggest
issues seems to be hair if only there
were some show with a charming and
fashionable host that already did a
quick funny explainer about black hair
stereotypes
the NW LC report found that 70% of
schools in Washington DC banned students
from wearing scarves or head wraps other
schools have banned locks grades
extensions or even just black girls
being able to wear their naturally
textured hair a 12 year old Florida
grows threatened with expulsion if she
wouldn't cut or style her hair a Toronto
8th grader was told that her hair was
too poofy for school and what
constitutes macho hairstyles for black
girls is very different than girls with
non kinky hair and those differences
need to be understood and respected Oh a
video on black hair stereotypes will be
so useful right now can someone make
that video before they reinforce gender
stereotypes did you know that public
schools in the u.s. aren't actually
legally allowed to have separate dress
codes for boys and girls
thanks title 9 apparently neither do a
whole bunch of schools in 2013 once we
punished a fourteen-year-old boy for
wearing eyeshadow and eyeliner to class
something plenty of girls do everyday
without issue guyliner
if Khal Drogo can do it so can you in
students in one California school
decided they were fed up with the rules
that required boys to keep their hair
short bans them from wearing earrings
and required girls shoulder straps to be
wider than 2 inches they protested
against the policies by swapping clothes
for a day boys wear skirts and dresses
girls wore jeans and sweaters one of the
students said our districts dress code
should not favor or discriminate any
gender we believe everyone should be
able to express themselves equally avoid
with long hair is no less of a
hard-worker than a girl with long hair
I'm not crying
you're crying the best part about all of
this was just two months later the
school changed its dress code to get rid
of gender differences this is good news
not just for cisgender boys and girls
but also for trail to non-binary
students all students should have the
same options to express themselves
regardless of gender so what should we
do about all this look school can be
stressful enough as it is without having
to worry about a teacher body checking
you in the hallway and tossing you into
a shame suit to tell you that your
shoulder straps are a few centimeters
too narrow or your fingers reach just
past the tip of your shorts but there is
a way to do this right for example
evidence
ship high school in Evanston Illinois
created a dress code that explicitly
tries to avoid reinforcing stereotypes
on the basis of race sex gender identity
or expression sexual orientation
ethnicity religion cultural observance
household income or body type and they
got the idea from the Oregon National
Organization for women's of model dress
code the basic rule is simple students
need to make sure that the butt boobs
and nipples and genitals also known as
blue are covered okay that acronym isn't
great but you get it other than that
students can pretty much wear whatever
they want as long as the outfit
increases shirt pants and shoes and
doesn't promote violence drug use or
hate speech Evanston townships
experiment seems to be going well and
now other schools in the area and around
the country are considering changing
their dress codes too so shout out to
all the student activists who are
pushing to change sexist and racist
dress codes and looking good while doing
it thanks for watching we'll see you
next time right here on decoded
