welcome fight fans to the one place
where politics are truly decided that's
right the Facebook comment section you
know the rules because there are none
all right Heather Schmidt will be the
first person based on her profile looks
like she was a liberal arts major that
she's currently looking for a job that's
more creative or something and she
donated to Planned Parenthood four years
ago looks like she's done with her buzz
let's see what she has to say we can no
longer punish immigrants of any
ethnicity or religion we are a nation of
immigrants
except for Native Americans well uncle
Jim is an HVAC salesman who voted Trump
and loves the bored conservative leaders
of a group email and claims to know how
people we have to protect our I system
in Mexico
heather's college roommate Sofia is
joining in a fight as a Latina I find
your comments offensive and white get
out the way according to this host
immigrants commit less crime what about
this article that says all rapists of
Mexican descent our new science team
didn't even realize it what an
embarrassment and Steve has logged out
and left the fight this blood could be
over but Uncle Jim is a crafty Fight
Night veteran they're taking our
resources uncle Jim's busting out the
means and there's got a real decision to
make here she could walk away knowing
she asked a moral high ground
laughs ladies and gentlemen it's time to
turn off your notifications because this
fight is still going you know who else
was a socialist Oh Hitler argument Uncle
Jim is really running out of steam just
admit I'm right I'll be over know there
is another way
what is Heather up to I have decided I
can no longer support the toxic
corporate environment that promotes hate
instead of understanding so I am
quitting Facebook forever Wow it has
finally happened
Heather Schmidt has quit Facebook for
good
Oh too much talk before
