this tastes like a bad investment Donald
Trump claims to be a great businessman
and he's pretty good at real estate but
outside of that he's had some major
flops
let's take a look it's not whether you
win or lose but whether you win America
fired this game twice so it lost you can
be a team you can even be a black tooth
but limited time only because as you
play the game you see the other color
tees aren't welcome this could be our
future
Trump Airlines wears like it was this
the flight from lost no I mean is still
disaster the airline that should've gone
missing and did a great gift to hang
yourself with the Trump becomes
president people say how do you want to
stay club do you want medium-rare
I say no I want Trump perfect for
tailgating before a Klan rally I think
you have real blood on your hands
nothing but grease and shrinkage is
astonishing that's about the Trump meat
I expected
do you want to write whatever you land
trouble sometimes you know what they say
about bankruptcies fourth time's the
charm
who keeps loaning this guy money to
build casinos he's terrible at it go
back to Stacey crazy old man we're gonna
make the print industry great again it's
gonna be huge
I want to go to Trump University could I
have $35,000 oh it's not legally allowed
to be called a university Oh the former
New York Attorney General called it a
scam but it says I can turn my idea into
a money machine folks can't lie i just i
just opened a book and i got to this
page every entrepreneur makes mistakes
and I am no exception
I couldn't get a loan I mean if we're
gonna need products after presidential
candidates I guess this is better than
Bush juice when he puts his mind to ruin
something he gets it done where can you
find it nowhere it doesn't exist why
nobody wanted it hey just like Trump
dangerous for pregnant women two-thirds
of Americans drink and Donald Trump
couldn't keep this fine thing going but
Puff Daddy you like what you're doing if
there's one quote from Donald Trump's
many books that I think accurately sums
up all the failed businesses it's this
one the same assets that excite me in
the chase often once they are acquired
leave me mourn or in other words make
America I'm done think president I'm
bored marinate on that one for a little
bit let it seep in there oh oh you
scared yet you chose them you a trumpet
everybody makes mistakes my new joint
right there Oh
