you might just be a black Oh gates in
the making but if you look at the
statistics you're probably not America
is one of the wealthiest countries in
the history of the world no joke but
most people wouldn't believe it if you
told them why because most of us will
never see that wealth the top 1/10 of 1%
of Americans have as much wealth as the
bottom ninety percent of Americans
combined which doesn't leave much for
the rest of us so will are the majority
of these gap riding sports car driving
super wealthy elite I'll give you hint
who has historically held the most power
in our society oh is it old white guys
everybody loses out of the five hundred
and forty billionaires in minute states
just three are black hey Oprah I see you
girl so why are the super wealthy super
white well that explanation could take
all day but let's look at a few reasons
why we have a racial wealth gap in
America first our education system is
still separate and still unequal sixty
years after Brown versus the Board of
Education desegregated schools more than
two million black students still attend
schools where 90 percent of the student
body is made up of people of color and
these schools are more likely to have
less experienced low paid teachers who
are less likely to be certified one
reason that schools and communities of
color are so neglected is that unlike
many other Western countries our federal
government provides very little
educational funding instead property
taxes are the main source of school
funding and that's where the problem
comes in let me explain take a community
filled with million-dollar mansions the
high property taxes paid from those
communities funnel into the schools
around them this gives them the money
they need for everything from new
computers to field trips and certified
teachers then take a community filled
with lower-income housing a much smaller
amount of money is being funneled into
the schools in those communities leaving
many students attending schools that are
literally falling apart with fewer
resources to invest in extracurriculars
books teachers and all of the other
resources needed to prepare students for
college and high-paying jobs but
climbing into the 1% is not just about
doing well in school
meaning wealth starts with property and
home is where the prejudice is let's
look at the national median value of
three houses
the white homeowners house is worth
eighty-five thousand eight hundred
dollars the black homeowners fifty
thousand and the Latino homeowners forty
eight thousand why is there this huge
gap
well because homes and white
neighborhoods are valued higher than in
neighborhoods where people of color live
you can trace this back to the passing
of the National Housing Act of 1934
which created residential security maps
to outline areas in big cities that were
safe for real-estate investment do you
see where oh um
housing discrimination yes still losing
existing neighborhoods of scary black
folk were road lined meaning that people
in those areas were refused home or
business loans because they lived in an
area deemed to be a financial risk for
prospective black property owners this
was terrible if you didn't have the cash
to buy upfront there was no way to get a
loan for a home or business to make
things worse blacks were all but barred
from buying homes in white neighborhoods
either by restrictive racial covenants
which forbade white people from selling
property black folks or because of
threats and violence so home values
decline driving down the money collected
from property taxes which denied people
of color higher quality education
leading to fewer people of color and
high paying jobs and deepening the
racial wage gap and the vicious cycle of
oppression was born where it became
incredibly difficult for black families
to amass wealth over generations which
is important because thanks to compound
interest old money is a lot of money why
are white people the wealthiest people
in our country it's basically because
they always have been have your parents
ever loaned you a small amount of money
like ten dollars fifty bucks how about a
million dollars yeah mine neither but
that's the small loan that Donald Trump
was given from his father that went on
to build his billion-dollar empire and
it's not just the famously wealthy lots
of businesses get their start from
family loans or investments the truth is
that old money has helped a lot of
people build their fortunes many of the
richest people in America had families
had amassed their wealth seventy a
hundred or as much as two hundred plus
years ago like Jacqueline Mars and
Forrest Mars jr. both worth twenty three
point four billion their family made a
killing by developing the Mars candy
Empire in the early 1900's or the DuPont
family who came from French nobility and
started the DuPont gun
company in 1802 now it's a 200 year old
conglomerate and the family is still one
of the richest in the country worth 15
billion so why isn't there more old
money in the black community well 60
years ago we couldn't even sit at the
same lunch counter as white people let
alone start businesses or earn anywhere
near as much money as them and don't
forget only 200 years ago we were
considered property and not people in
this country still not convinced
consider this the typical black
household has just 6% of the wealth of
the typical white household now do you
see it oh oh I do
there are so many reasons why there's a
racial wealth gap and this is only the
tip of the iceberg people of color are
routinely discriminated against in terms
of labor markets loans and wages and
we're not even getting into the prison
system I don't know about you but I
don't need to be a billionaire to be
happy in life but I do believe that we
should have an equal opportunity to
thrive regardless of our race or
upbringing and to do that it's time we
fight to create a country that doesn't
just work for the 1% cut for all of us
what do you think might help close the
racial wage gap tell us in the comments
below and we'll see you next week right
here on decoded hey what's your name
Cindy wow that's so exotic what part of
Asia is that bro from Texas uh-huh
namaste
