scan the internet and you're bound to
see racial pride hashtags and movements
but there's still one Pride movement
that's considered a serious faux pas can
you guess which one
hashtags like reclaim the bhindi black
girl magic Asian girls unite native
awesome and latina Tuesday's our
movements created for and by people of
color to promote representation
self-love and solidarity but it seems
that whenever marginalized people create
spaces to celebrate themselves majority
groups get a little uncomfortable but I
can't have white pride isn't that just
taking pride in my culture well not
exactly
here's why white pride is very different
from other kinds of pride number one
whiteness and white culture are already
everywhere whether it's Congress CEOs
beauty magazines children's books or the
Oscars whiteness is already everywhere
this is despite the fact that people of
color including Latinos make up 38% of
the u.s. population and European history
is already a huge part of our
educational system and culture when
people ask why do we need a Black
History Month or native pride or a
Puerto Rican Day Parade it's because
almost every aspect of our schooling and
upbringing in America centers around
whiteness people of color and history
are regularly whitewash or erased all
together like Elizabeth Taylor playing
Cleopatra or Ben Affleck playing Tony
Mendez a Latino man in Argo heck almost
any movie set in Egypt and even when
fictional characters are written as
people of color like Emma Stone playing
a part Chinese woman it's not uncommon
for white actors to be cast to play
those roles from movies TV shows
advertisements in magazines historically
being white or looking white has been
prioritized as the standard which leads
me to my next point
number two for communities of color
pride is about visibility for a large
part of American history it was
perfectly legal for people of color to
be treated as second-class citizens
remember not too long ago black people
couldn't legally live in certain
neighborhoods or go to certain schools
and as recently in the 1940s it wasn't
uncommon to see armed police officers
dragging Native American children to
european-style boarding schools and
while white pride has always been the
standard black pride native pride and
other racial pride movements are an act
of defiance in an oppressive culture
that says being different or
not white is wrong and let me be clear
proudly celebrating the achievements and
lives of people of color is not saying
that white people haven't achieved it's
a way to prevent marginalized people
from being forgotten or misrepresented
by a white system that is historically
overlooked and oppressed them number
three white pride has almost always been
synonymous with white supremacy before
you go too far down the road thinking
white pride is just like any other
racial pride you might want to see who
built that road and who likes to hang
out there because it's mostly white
supremacist here are a few examples in
2014 in Harrison Arkansas a billboard
from white pride radio went up that said
it's not racist to love your people and
that station's website redirected to KKK
radio calm you know the KKK the people
who lynched bombed and terrorized black
people in the name of white pride for
over 150 years or there's the message
board stormfront who use white pride in
their logo they have ties to neo-nazis
were named the Internet's first major
hate site and are actually run by former
KKK leaders and in the last year several
white pride Facebook groups have sprung
up at American and international
colleges some were done by trolls and a
handful actually wanted to talk about
European ancestry but others like the
Illini white Student Union just wanted
to confront black lives matter
protesters and even called on students
to report suspicious black activity on
campus basically white pride is a long
history of violence and trying to
silence people of color but I'm not a
white supremacist I just want to
celebrate my white heritage well I hate
to break it to you but number four
whiteness itself is a moving target
that's main purpose has been to exclude
look it's wonderful to be proud of where
you're from and no one's saying there
shouldn't be a st. Patrick's Day or San
Gennaro festival but here's a fun fact
about the history of whiteness in the
u.s. at one time being finished Polish
Ukrainian Russian Italian Spanish Greek
German and especially Irish or Jewish
was seen as being lower than white
people and many of those groups weren't
considered white at all back in the
early 1900's people from Finland
yes Finland were considered Asian in
fact in the United States the Irish were
able to shed their minority status and
become white largely by joining in the
oppression of black people look everyone
should be allowed to have pride in who
they are but it's important to
understand that the term white pride
comes with a lot of baggage white pride
specifically has resulted in the
oppression and
sure of people of color and when people
experience oppression for who they are
loving yourself and taking pride in who
you are is a revolutionary act so what
are some ways that you celebrate your
heritage tell us in the comments below
and we'll see you in two weeks right
here on decoded black people are
murdering each other in record numbers
and okay hate mail or Beyonce comment oh
that is so tough these are tough guys
these are tough she's like it's so
relevant in both cases what doing
Beyonce video yes
where's Beyonce
you
