was this a comment left on Beyonce's
formation video or a piece of MLK hate
mail the answer will surprise and
disappoint you
hey friends are here in New York City of
my friend Mike Brown and people are
super upset about Beyonce's new
formation music video because he talks
about police violence and the comments
on the video are oddly reminiscent of
some of the hate mail the MLK dot in the
60s so we're gonna hit the streets and
see if people can tell us whether these
comments are left on Beyonce's video or
more actual MLK hate mail let's find out
it's been more than 50 years that black
people are free and you still talk about
racism oh I know it's tough I feel like
it can go both ways
I just hate me Oh Beyonce Beyonce you
don't point out any of the faults at all
of your own people just the whites I'm
gonna say Beyonce comment I wouldn't say
MLK I think I'm gonna go with Beyonce
comment I'll go Beyonce I'm okay okay
meanwhile black people are murdering
each other in record numbers and okay
hate mail or Beyonce comment oh that is
so tough these are tough guys these are
tough she's like it's so relevant in
both cases Beyonce video yes there's me
on saying what about the violence by the
black dude enough to Beyonce Beyonce
comment Beyonce that was actually MLK
hate mail none of you deserve a country
like America boom I think that's Beyonce
I'm feeling their spirit oh is it okay
and they're telling me I'm gonna go with
Beyonce it was MLK the black community
is going to have to find a better
spokesman for their plate Beyonce who
could have been better than MLK damn
she's good
what's it be high just think of all the
families you could have helped with that
money
tough question it could be either/or
yeah yeah it was more people draw
attention to racism and unfairness the
harder it becomes to kill very
interesting way of dealing with racism
oh yeah you know just ignore it
Beyonce comment your face was like wait
a second would any of these comments
surprise you unfortunately not I
consider myself to be an optimist but no
I hate to say no it just lets me know
that people aren't evolving like they
should but they need to the issue is is
a lot of people are making it about them
and not about what's going on I think
that some people have have it within
them that by people speaking up about
injustice they're moaning and they're
complaining but gee honest with yourself
and put yourself on that side of the
fence
and then think about what happens that's
true you get ridiculed no matter what
you do so how is supposed to grow how're
we supposed to make this change we think
we've made progress but not where it
really counts it's how we think as much
as what we do we're all overall looking
for quality of life in the pursuit of
happiness and everybody should be
entitled to that and everybody should
have a fair chance and shot at that and
if that's the wrong thing I don't want
to be right any of these comments
surprise you and what do you think about
pop stars using their music to talk
about political issues let us know in
the comments and we will see you next
week right here on decoded bye oh this
is a good old vintage trolling from 1965
I don't know if this is a hate mail or
just an inaccurate fact it wasn't Martin
Luther King started he didn't want
nobody there's going some equality some
rights how much your rice nowadays
