I hate having a birthday during Black
History Month why do I only get a day
when they get an entire month I'm so
smart babe you know we really need we
need a white History Month did someone
say that there should be a white History
Month yeah how'd you know let me guess
you're not racist or anything but you
just think it'd be better if we didn't
have a Black History Month in America at
all yeah pretty much let's get this over
with it's Mandy night why are we dressed
so lame and what are those stupid-ass
shoes why is everything so different
well you see Chad without black
inventors our world would have missed
out on huge advancement than cellphone
technology
gaming consoles and personal computers
not to mention important shoe making
techniques light bulbs that lasts more
than a few days and delicious delicious
potato chips a world without partnership
of completely different yeah but all
that stuff would have gotten invented
anyway if all inventions are inevitable
then why celebrate any inventors Chad
wait where's grandpa grandpa's dead yes
not only did a black engineer help and
bent the pacemaker but the first
successful open-heart surgery was done
by a black surgeon so but black history
is not just about technology so what do
you feel like listening to classical
Irish step-dancing polka music an entire
crooner station more classical okay I
see what you're doing here and just put
on Elvis and I'll be good always whoo
fine I walked right into that Kenny
Chesney or something sorry dude country
music has its roots in black R&B which
means a world without black history is a
world without country music oh this
place is lame where are we Times Square
midtown Manhattan ever heard of it yeah
right there's more like some boring ass
town and some shitty little country or
some shit pretty much not only was most
of early New York City built by African
slaves but without black slaves the
South never developed its labor
intensive cotton and tobacco plantations
what which means that the north never
developed its financial sector or Heavy
Industries meant to support that very
same lucrative cotton industry
it's entirely possible that without the
contributions of black Americans we
wouldn't have the money to have made the
Louisiana Purchase from France what the
land deal that expanded America's
borders and catapulted it into being one
of the world's leading food producers as
well as a global leader wait so you're
saying that without black people most of
this country is owned by bread it's
entirely possible no no take me back I
want to go back I want to go back what
month is it
February specifically Black History
Month oh thank god happy Black History
Month grandpa happy buggies with a
potato chip happy Black History Month
cell phone happy fuck your bum hip up in
street where girl
god bless Black History Month what
History Month you just said there should
be a white History room I'm woke now
okay fine no Beastie Boys no no biggie
Azalea No room five
Adele LFO vanilla ice
