this past week a group of armed
anti-government militiamen took over a
National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon but
when the cops showed up things got
interesting and I say interesting
because nothing really happened nearly
twenty men armed with guns took control
of the Oregon Wildlife Refuge to protest
the recent arson conviction of two local
ranchers and while this situation is no
doubt cause for alarm
the police are handling things quite
professionally no tanks no tear gas no
combat gear and I've yet to hear any
major news outlet or TV commentator call
these men thugs or terrorists this is of
course in stark contrast to how police
and media responded to protests in
Ferguson and Baltimore following the
deaths of Mike Brown and Freddie gray so
what does this mean are we to expect a
militarized police presence every time
there's a protest I wouldn't say so but
when there's firearms involved
I'd expect law enforcement to take the
situation seriously heck the Oregon
protesters threatened the use of deadly
force and yet media outlets have
described them as peaceful either way
it's telling that when a group of armed
white men take over a federal building
miraculously no one's been shot or
killed and the National Guard is nowhere
to be found when a radical Muslim
commits an act of terrorism suddenly
every Muslim person is expected to
denounce the act or is seen as
responsible and yet no one is asking all
white people to claim responsibility for
or denounce this Oregon militia group
nor should they all nonviolent protests
should be treated with de-escalation
tactics in no way should police use
violence against the peaceful protest
and Oregon just proves that police know
how to use restraint that should not be
an anomaly that should be the standard
so have you been following the events in
Oregon let us know what you think in the
comments below and we'll see you next
week here on decoded
No
