there's a war going on out there and we
need warriors social justice warriors
maggot are you ready to promote social
justice acceptance intolerant yes sir
what did you call me yes ma'am you want
to try that again
yes gender-neutral pronoun there may be
hope for you yet maggot let me hear your
war cry everyone deserves basic dignity
and respect basic training begins now
on the battlefield you maggots will
encounter fake facts and you must know
how to disarm them buttocks are lazy and
eating up all the food they're actually
the majority of food stamps go to fight
families Planned Parenthood harvest baby
parts for profit that claim is based on
an intentionally misleading video from
inside portion activists we're
celebrating in New Jersey after 9/11
there is serial footage or eyewitness
reports that ever happened all right
maggots this room simulates the YouTube
comments section consider this your
trigger warning okay
first grade teachers into the are Donald
Trump should be President
like this anymore I can't take it back I
don't feel safe
we're coming buddy yes we can here's
your granola bar it's all organic your
support you we love him good job maggots
we're in this war together and for your
final test you'll have to pass target
practice
feminism isn't about taking away the
rights of men it's about equal rights
for everyone
clinical correctness is just treating
others with respect the bigger question
is why do you want to stay politically
incorrect being so badly why aren't you
saying anything there's nothing for me
to say it would be inappropriate for me
to dominate this particular conversation
good job Megan can you stop calling us
maggots please it's disrespectful and
fly larvae are an invaluable part of our
ecosystem absolutely
so does congratulations you are all
officially social justice warriors you
will be on the frontlines of social
justice Twitter Tumblr Facebook reddit
threads and I know you will make me
proud now go out there and give them
hell respect
so many microaggressions macro
aggressions do whatever say they said
what boots do this okay that offends me
or I benefited from white privilege that
offends me
