most of us would call it blackface but
in the Netherlands they just call it
Christmas when Christmas comes around
you can usually expect to see Santa his
reindeer and helpful elves everywhere
but Dutch Santa doesn't have elves he
has black Piet or smarty Pete Pete first
showed up in the 1850 Dutch book Saint
Nicholas and his servant now considering
this story was written before slavery
was abolished in the Dutch colonies
some might say Pete was a slave not a
servant the story claims black Piet is
black because of the chimney set but
that doesn't explain his afro textured
hair or large bright red lips all
familiar staples of racist black
characters to make matters worse
traditional Christmas songs describe
black Piet as clumsy and not very bright
which sounds eerily like the negative
stereotypes that have surrounded black
people for centuries today black Piet is
still a huge tradition in the
Netherlands black Piet leaves
candies and little presents for children
and Christmas parades in the Netherlands
regularly feature tons of people dressed
as black Piet with afro wigs bright red
lips and full blackface it's 2015
why in the world as this tradition still
exists well lots of people argue that
black Piet is harmless because he's part
of a children's story while others argue
that he's not really black he's just
covered in soot despite the obvious
black stereotypes but in reality this
tradition isn't harmless just ask the
black families living in the Netherlands
many have grown up being teased and
called black Piet especially leading up
to the Christmas holidays there's also
numerous protests every year by members
of the black Dutch community demanding
that black Piet be retired honestly if
the Dutch are desperate to keep black
Piet they could always lose the
blackface the curly wig and the red lips
and just go for a little sit on the face
I mean I don't see how that could be so
bad so what do you think have you heard
of black Piet and do you think this
tradition needs to go let us know in the
comments below and we'll see you in the
new year right here on decoded
people have been arguing about Jesus's
appearance basically since the beginning
of time the Bible doesn't ever mention
Jesus's race which
makes sense Christianity had to be
Universal for it to spread so there was
no point in confining him to one race or
another
