this is really cute I can't believe I've
never been here before
that's my favorite place you just move
here oh no I looked here for a while
where are you from Florida no Billy
where are you from from so West Palm
Beach which is like an hour way from
Miami I think you're misunderstanding my
question where are you from oh I know
you mean Florida all right um where are
your parents from lorridaile about your
parents parents Florida are your
grandparents parents Florida so you're
from Hades Florida Jamaica Florida
Suriname arta where are your people from
my people are people my people who are
people my people where are your people
oh my people on the left is Denise and
I'm the right is de'lon he's actually
from Minnesota which wasn't people about
so about this this is not what I'm
asking where are you from originally I
mean from originally where any of us
from originally let's go back to the
very beginning the Big Bang the universe
is a high density speck expanding across
note I like that so I'm one-quarter
German and then I'm actually 5
thirteenth's
Native American tribe of the share okay
you're Native American I'm hollow while
saponin Tuscarora so closee what clan
ship were you from my entire family is
in the clan and I'm I'm a hasta cosa
sacis as well oh you're not from America
where you from originally I'm American
alright my relatives came over on the
Mayflower from England you want to give
this young lady a hard time about where
she's from
enjoy your lattes chap why are you so
concerned with putting me in a box I
mean it was really hard for me to share
with you that I'm from Florida why don't
you just get to know me instead can we
leave the hole where you from thing
alone I'm really sorry about that I
never know what's right to say oh it's
not that big of a deal
so this coffee is really good huh you
like it I'm on it
ha where's this coffee from I think it's
Mexican from what color it is but I
don't want to I've learned so much I
don't to regress the question where are
you from is something people of color
deal with all the time on its own it's
not a bad thing the goal should be
getting to know someone not put them in
a box and if you ask the question and
someone gives you an answer just believe
them
