they say imitation is the highest form
of flattery what happens when it's not
so flattering the more you learn about
the world the people on it you quickly
realize just how beautiful and diverse
it is so where's the line between
cultural exchange appreciation and
appropriation why does it even matter
here are seven myths about cultural
appropriation debunked you're just
looking for something to be offended by
it's just clothing hairstyles
decorations whatever don't you have
something better to worry about okay
first off it's possible to care about
more than one issue at a time the main
problem with cultural appropriation
comes from dominant groups borrowing
from marginalized groups who face
oppression or have been stigmatized for
their cultural practices throughout
history like cornrows I mean anyone can
wear their hair in cornrows but black
people still face stigmas for wearing
them along with perfectly natural
hairstyles like braids and locs
there are even companies in schools that
prohibit these natural hairstyles people
have actually been fired for wearing
braids meanwhile fashion models and
celebs like Kylie Jenner get praised for
wearing cornrows and that's the main
point one group is being penalised by
institutions for wearing natural
hairstyles while the other is called
edgy and stylish for doing the exact
same thing I'm doing it because I think
it's beautiful and exotic I'm just
showing appreciation for the culture
look it's great that you find in other
groups culture beautiful but in order to
show you truly love it you need to have
respect and understanding take for
example tribal tattoos the Maori of New
Zealand have facial tattoos with deep
family meaning and cultural significance
but fashion designer John Paul Gaultier
used the tattoos and adds the sells
sunglasses as a perfect example of
cultural appropriation no matter how
much the designer lights look he
stripped the tattoo of all the cultural
meaning just to sell a product now if
you really appreciate something you
should respect it instead of assuming
you can use it however you want well I
don't find her defense and I ask someone
from that culture and they said it was
okay well it's not your culture that's
being disrespected so sure
you don't find it offensive and if you
know someone from that background who
doesn't mind your tattoo costume or
whatever that's cool but remember that
one person doesn't speak for all members
of that community whatever fashion art
film music always borrows from other
sources plus it doesn't hurt anyone
sure cultural exchange has been going on
since the beginning of time but exchange
is mutual it needs to be done
respectfully a couple years ago Katy
Perry did a Geisha themed performance
with Japanese women dancing in the
background not only was it super
stereotypical her outfit wasn't even
from the right country the
japanese-american Citizens League said
it best the thoughtless costuming and
dance routines by Katy Perry played
carelessly with stereotypes an attempt
to create a Japanese aesthetic and that
gana crushes the idea that appropriation
is harmless you're just trying to tell
everyone what to think
hello thought police have you ever heard
of the First Amendment nobody's telling
you what to think we're say marginalized
people can't stop you from doing your
thing even if they want it to but if you
think you have the right to use any
cultural tradition just cuz that's where
you get into oppressive territory and if
you genuinely don't care if someone is
hurt by your appropriation that's just
crappy so because I'm white I'm
automatically racist and if I wear this
clothing I'm even more racist
this isn't about beating up on white
people anyone can appropriate elements
of marginalized cultures heck Pharrell
even made the mistake of wearing a
Native American headdress on the cover
of Elle magazine and after getting some
much-deserved back he actually issued an
apology it Chinese people wear blue
jeans aren't they appropriating my
culture or what about black girls
wearing blonde weaves or how about
speaking English okay this is a tough
one assimilation and appropriation
aren't the same thing marginalize people
conforming to standards set by dominant
or in this case Western cultures is
often a means of survival when your
cultural Heritage's look down on often
people change or hide things about
themselves in order to be accepted by
majority culture for example there are
schools where students have been
punished or even suspended for speaking
Spanish or indigenous languages so there
are people who are literally being
forced to assimilate or else so it's not
really a fair comparison so you're
saying I should never enjoy another
culture that's unfair not at all
example say you're invited to an Indian
wedding and you're not Indian wearing a
traditional sari or getting henna would
be a great example of cultural exchange
you're being invited to participate
enjoy the culture instead of just
picking and choosing parts of it for
yourself you can also travel take
cooking classes read books listen to
music and visit museums if you really
want to learn about and enjoy other
cultures here's the thing cultural
appropriation is about a privileged
group misrepresenting and disrespecting
marginalized cultures the originators
rarely get credit but always deal with
the consequences the goal isn't to shame
you out of wearing or enjoying certain
things but listening to the people from
the culture you're interested in shows
you have a genuine love respect and
understanding for something that's not
your own so what are some misconceptions
you've heard about cultural
appropriation or maybe you had some
misunderstandings yourself tell us in
the comments below and we'll see you
next week here on decoded in our last
vlog we talked about student loan debt
with Ben O'Keefe here's what you had to
say Oh show Gaza you don't have to pay
for college way to rub it in no really I
wish we did that here you know Andrea
free college would be awesome but I will
totally settle for affordable and no
crushing bed actually assassin surreal I
use the skills I learned getting my
degree almost every single day but trade
school is a great option for lots of
people our last sketch was all about
whites winning and since I had the
Talking Stick I'm gonna respond to your
comments you know what Paul I agree with
you everyone should have equal freedom
of speech no matter their skin color but
that's not what our video was about it's
about not talking over people because
that's rude ever heard of me worried
thanks BJ see I'm really glad you
enjoyed it and keep watching cuz you
might like the next move Oh aunt Juana
YouTube Oscars would be awesome not just
cuz you think we would win because I
just want to get a dressed up
you
