the beautiful thing about the Internet
is everyone has a voice the terrible
thing about the internet everyone has a
voice this weekend a notorious youtuber
got all of Twitter riled up over his
inflammatory comments about black lives
matter huge activists and even
celebrities spent hours arguing with him
trying to explain why his comments were
so hurtful and misguided in the end it
was a giant waste of time and the
conversation didn't go anywhere and
while that's exactly what he wanted by
provoking people to anger he got tons of
traffic to his YouTube channel gain
Twitter followers and most of all got
lots of attention that's trolling in a
nutshell now first let me clarify a
troll is not just someone you disagree
with disagreements are bound to happen
online trolling is strictly saying
inflammatory or controversial things for
the purpose of upsetting people and to
railing conversations trolls aren't just
annoying they're harmful to everyone who
honestly want to stay engaging debate
when done in mass they derail productive
conversations and discourage others from
commenting and it works it's like
showing up to a party where everyone's
having a good time and chatting peg
listen to me I hate that everyone's
having fun so pay attention to me or go
home and win lots of trolls show up they
ruin the party
here's the thing trolls are not just
obnoxious teenagers living in their
parents basement these are adults I've
seen their Facebook profiles and some of
them have kids and I actually really
like reading and responding to comments
here I take pride Minh or acting with
you all even when you don't agree with
me the show is a conversation not a
sermon but lately in the comments I've
been accused of everything from
censorship race baiting and of course
being racist against white people none
of which are true and trust me it's hard
not to engage these people I've been
guilty of it one too many times it's
okay to disagree but when it comes to
people who are just looking to start
arguments twist words or re-edit my
videos for the purpose of upsetting
others the best thing to do is not feed
the trolls generally speaking when you
ignore them
up going away but if you really want to
engage in a debate or have concerns I'm
down to talk it out as long as you don't
call me names or accuse me of things I
haven't said I'll know you're not a
troll so how do you deal with trolls
tell us in the comments below and we'll
have a new sketch for you this Wednesday
right here on decoded currently around
40 million Americans owe about 1.2
trillion dollars in student loan debt
