now I'm not Chinese but I'm pretty sure
this isn't either
every Halloween someone ends up rocking
a racially insensitive costume but the
stupidity is not just reserved for
adults
they've even got these costumes for kids
I'm pretty sure when Donald Trump
imagines children from Mexico
he's just picturing this with a mustache
and everything they were just like oh it
doesn't look Mexican enough cut it up
make it look ragged then it won't look
Mexican
what's a China boy aren't they Chinese
oh my god people haven't dressed like
this in hundreds of years and
specifically like this never the closest
that this costume designers come to
China is PF Changs but it's made in
China that's good so you gave them a
white towel looming foil crown your
wife's lingerie and a fake sword and
like yep that's an Arab no way does this
kid know what assault in this most of
you watching this ply don't know what a
sultan is this is more like a unisex
Power Ranger get up have you read my
mortification
did you see the award-winning film do
you know what she does with her fingers
in that movie this is not a kimono
there's a little too much cleavage for a
toddler there's a lot of great things
going for geishas they know how to dance
they know how to play instruments if you
pay him enough money they'll do all
those things for you and like
potentially have sex with you any parent
that dresses their kid and this is also
on the side being like go like this whoo
newsflash
I'm an Indian girl you're looking at one
this is essentially a big brown sack
they sewed some plastic fringe on to
represent an entire group of indigenous
people smallpox blankets sold separately
of course the bad news is there's a baby
harem costume the good news is it sold
out so you can't put your kid through
this this is sold out Google harem then
Google concubine and if you still want
to dress up your kid like this then
Google Child Protective Services coming
in Halloween of 2015 all your kids are
ethnic prostitutes gypsy is a derogatory
term
they're called Romani I'm getting a
vision
anyone who buys this costume for their
kid is an asshole it's like a snow globe
for beating hookers how do you explain
to a kid what a pimp is well son let me
tell you what a pimp is you see your mom
over there come over here
dreadlocks do not equal Rastafarian my
hair is not a costume it's not something
I just throw on to look cute I mean even
though I do look cute that's not the
purpose of it 200 years ago I would have
been shot for wearing but wow it makes
me sad on it like a deep level finally a
costume where white people are dressing
like their own race and somehow it's
more offensive if you buy this costume
for your kid I hope that you get into a
car accident and have to be saved by
black paramedics so what are some of the
best and worst costumes that you've seen
tell us in the comments and we'll see
you next week here on decoded Oh also
special thanks to our models and their
parents they knew exactly what this
video is about and happily decided to be
part of this cautionary tale my friend
is dating a Native American so I can say
with full confidence that he doesn't
look like this he just looks like a
regular gay dude do you love your mother
and don't be a pimp
