at this week's democratic debate the
candidates were asked do black lives
matter or do all lives matter and after
fumbling the question in the past
everyone pretty much nailed it well
except for Jim Webb awesome we now all
agree that the black lives matter
movement isn't saying that black
people's lives matter more than anyone
elses the movement is about addressing
issues with police violence against
black people and while I'm glad that the
candidates get that it was kind of a
softball question and then they didn't
talk about the real issues for the rest
of the debate great you understand what
the protest movement is about now can we
talk about addressing institutional
racism repairing the relationship
between police officers and communities
of color the inequalities present in our
criminal justice system and the school
to Prison Pipeline black lives matter is
a rallying cry not a solution and
frankly I'm a little disappointed that
the issue was presented as a true or
false question yes it's black lives
matter but the follow-up is more
important how was our next president
going to address the mountain of
inequalities that suggest they don't so
did you watch the debate what did you
think tell us in the comments and we
will see you next week here on decoded
storm Black Panther Miles Morales yeah
