he was a rapist and a murderer who was
horrible with directions so why does
Christopher Columbus get a holiday again
Anadarko Oklahoma has become the most
recent city in the u.s. to get rid of
Columbus Day in favor of indigenous
peoples day so why the change
well Columbus was actually a pretty
terrible person making celebrating him
seemed pretty pointless here five
reasons we can live without Columbus Day
number one he didn't discover America
it's a little weird that we celebrate
Columbus since he landed in the
Caribbean and never actually set foot on
what is now American soil but more
importantly historians generally agree
that the Vikings landed in North America
almost 500 years before Columbus number
two while he initially described the
Native Americans as kind and peaceful
Columbus had no problem with his men
raping and killing them there are
horrific accounts of Columbus selling
Native American women and young girls
along with brutal stories of his men
killing and torturing Native people and
even babies for fun if you decide to
look into it proceed with caution
because it's really bad number three in
addition to raping and pillaging the
indigenous communities Columbus ended up
enslaving countless native people and
forcing them to mine for gold
if they refused they risk being beheaded
or having their hands cut off number
four this guy was so bad he was brought
back to Spain in shackles and imprisoned
for the mismanagement of the islands and
the atrocities he committed an account
by a slave owner said such inhumanities
and barbarian isms were committed in my
sight as no age compare allel my eyes
have seen these acts so foreign to human
nature that I now tremble as I write
yeah you are that right the guy who
owned slaves even knew Columbus wasn't
asked number five there are already a
handful of states that have adopted
indigenous peoples or Native Americans
day Alaska Hawaii Washington Oregon and
South Dakota have all ditched Columbus
Day and believe it or not no one even
misses it with only ten federally
recognized holidays there's really no
reason to dedicate one of them to such a
horrible person think of it this way if
Neil Armstrong landed on the moon found
it was full of moon people and then
decided to rape kill and enslave them we
probably have second thoughts about
giving him an entire holiday and good
people don't exist getting rid of
Columbus Day isn't going to change our
nation's horrible history but
whitewashing the pass and glossing over
the terrible things he did to the
indigenous people is pretty awful so
what do you think should indigenous
peoples day become a nationwide holiday
tell us in the comments and we will see
you next week here on decoded have you
ever used a weird figure of speech and
thought I wonder where that came from
well I hate to burst your bubble but
some of those phrases have very racist
beginnings
you
