this week it was announced that Nicki
Minaj will be executive producing a new
comedy about her childhood for ABC
family personally I'm here for it but
not everybody's happy Nicki Minaj is
quickly approaching mogul status music
fashion movies liquor fragrances and now
she's got a TV show in the works after
talking about the need for diversity in
Hollywood I'd say a new show executive
produced by a black woman is a win so
why are some people so mad about it well
the comments online seem to suggest that
her sexual image and body are to blame
for people's disappointment I've seen
things like too bad she's just famous
for shaking her big plastic ass maybe
she can put some girls on and others
seem to be turned off by her attitude oh
great another Wow ratchet angry black
woman on TV there are so many other
black women who deserve a TV show or
maybe it's her song lyrics she has a
song called stupid ho and then there's
my personal favorite she makes all black
women look bad all right let's clear
this up once and for all
is Nicki Minaj perfect of course not no
one is but there's a serious double
standard when it comes to how women of
color are policed in media for women of
color and black women like Nicki Minaj
we don't get the luxury of individuality
Nicki Minaj doesn't get to just
represent herself suddenly she's a role
model for all black women and her
behavior makes us all look bad which is
ridiculous
Nicki Minaj represents Nicki Minaj full
stop now whether some people who will
take the actions of one black woman and
decide that they represent all of us
sure but that's on them black women are
not a monolith so let's not give those
people a pass for seeing us that way
it's not Nicki Minaj's job to behave in
a way that every black person will
approve of nor is it her job to
represent all black women when a white
female celebrity dresses provocatively
or sings about sex
you never hear anybody say ah she's
making all white women look bad because
she's not and as for Nicki's clothes
body and sexuality there's nothing
along with plastic-surgery shaking your
ass or talking about liking sex
she's grown she's allowed to do whatever
she wants with her body but as per usual
there tends to be a double standard when
it comes to women in their sexuality and
an even steeper double standard for how
women of color express their sexuality
I've seen countless articles criticizing
Beyonce Rihanna and Nicki Minaj for
showing too much skin and not being real
feminists but I don't see those same
critiques lodged at Miley Cyrus or Iggy
Azalea look you don't have to like Nicki
Minaj or her music but there's no
denying that she works hard and has
accomplished a lot in her career she no
doubt worked hard to sell a television
show and her body sexuality or lyrics
don't negate the work she put in Plus
let's not condemn her show before it
even hits the air so what do you think
about Nicki's new ABC show will you be
watching tell us in the comments and we
will see you next week here on decoded
well-educated black has a tremendous
advantage over all well-educated white
in terms of the job market
