I don't have a racist bone in my body
Donald Trump while Trump claims he wants
to make America great again he's had
some not-so-great things to say about
the very people he claims he wants to
lead don't believe me here are some of
Donald Trump's greatest racist hits I
have a great relationship with the
blacks I've always had a great
relationship with the blacks
african-american youth I mean to the
point where they just about never done
more poorly there's no spirit this
killings and an hourly basis virtually a
well-educated black has a tremendous
advantage over a well-educated white in
terms of the job market I've said on one
occasion even by myself if I was
starting off today I would love to be a
well-educated black because I believe
they do have an actual advantage I read
hundreds of books about China over the
decades I know the Chinese I made a lot
of money with the Chinese I understand
the Chinese mind the concept of global
warming was created by and for the
Chinese in order to make us
manufacturing non-competitive
negotiating with Japan negotiating with
China when these people walk in the room
they don't say oh hello how's the
weather it's so beautiful outside isn't
it lovely how the Yankees doing oh
they're doing wonderful great they say
we want dear I love Mexican people I
have a tremendous relationship I also
respect Mexico when Mexico sends its
people they're not sending their best
they're not sending you they're not
sending you they're bringing drugs
they're bringing crime they're rapists
and some I assume are good people but
the Mexican government is much smarter
much sharper more cunning and they sent
over the bad ones because they don't
wanna pay for them
and I'm just saying Mexicans I'm talking
about people coming in from all over
that are killers and rapists and they're
coming into this country I am the least
racist person there is and I think most
people that know me would tell you that
I am the least racist
whichever way you feel after hearing
these statements please remember to
register to vote
look please register to vote when
Beyonce was thrusting her hips forward
in a very suggestive manner if someone
else had done that it would have been a
national scandal I thought it was
ridiculous
