this past weekend Viola Davis made
history by becoming the first
african-american woman to win Best
Actress in a Drama Series at the 67th
annual Emmy Awards but when she gave a
shout out to Harriet Tubman and women of
color in her acceptance speech one soap
opera actress wasn't too happy
the 2015 Emmy Awards were a big night
for black actresses luzo aduba and
Regina King both took home Best
Supporting Actress Awards but it was
Viola Davis and her epic Best Actress
speech that brought the house down first
she started with the quote from Harriet
Tubman in my dreams I see a line over
that line I see green fields and lovely
flowers and beautiful white moon with
their arms stretched out to me over that
line but I can't seem to get there nohow
I can't seem to get over that line and
then she called out Hollywood in the
most direct and honest way possible
quote the only thing that separates
women of color for anyone else is
opportunity you cannot win an Emmy for
roles that are simply not there end
quote now to me that sounds like a call
for Hollywood to step it up and create
more interesting complex and honest
roles for women of color instead of a
same old one-dimensional stereotypes
that were used to but General Hospital
actress Nancy Lee Grahn so Nancy Lee
took to Twitter to express her
disappointment with Viola speech quote
an actress for 40 years none of us get
respect her opportunity we deserve Emmys
NOT venue for racial opportunity all
women belittle end quote can you tell
how I feel about that tweet because it's
not good she then went on to say that
Viola Davis has never experienced
discrimination saying that Harriet
Tubman was an unfair comparison while
it's true that women in a variety of
fields encounter sexism it's naive to
ignore how the experiences of women of
color are different from white women
violas win was not about all women and
that's okay because for women of color
our experiences are influenced by sexism
and by racism can I get a in order to
advocate for women you have to remember
that there are many different types of
women who face different challenges and
systems of oppression because of who
they are and yes that even includes rich
and famous Hollywood actresses there's
no denying that Viola has achieved
tremendous success over the course of
her career but she's also had to deal
with negative comments about her natural
hair press labeling her an
unconventional beauty and shaking off
the
black woman stereotypes not to mention
overcoming adversity doesn't mean that
those challenges suddenly go away for
everyone else racism in Hollywood and
outside of Hollywood still exists too
often women of color and film and TV are
stuck with one-dimensional roles that
are super sexy angry vapid or just plain
underdeveloped and while some could
argue that it's just entertainment we've
seen time and again that the media plays
a role in how we see ourselves and in
how the world sees us and look TV and
film is not just about awards but seeing
people that look like you succeed and be
recognized for their work is really
important so what's it gonna take to see
more diverse actresses and actors
winning Academy Awards
well like Viola said in her speech it's
all about opportunity and historically
the people who get the opportunity to
write direct and produce are white guys
so in order for Hollywood to change the
people behind the camera need to change
too so did you see Viola Davis is Emmy
speech what did you think of it and the
criticism from Nancy Lee Grahn let me
know in the comments and we will see you
next week with another mini episode of
decoded 14-year old am ed Muhammad left
his high school in handcuffs after his
English teacher mistook his homemade
clock for a bomb
yikes
