this week fourteen-year-old med Muhammad
left his high school in handcuffs after
his English teacher mistook his homemade
clock for a bomb yikes but this isn't an
isolated incident
Islamophobia happens all over the United
States and around the world
Ahmed's story is just another reminder
of how difficult life is for Muslim
Americans post 9/11 pew reports show
that one in three Muslim Americans are
singled out for TSA screenings every
year and according to the ACLU Muslim
women in the US are more likely to
encounter discrimination if they wear
hijab would Ahmed's homemade clock been
seen as a bomb if his name was Adam it's
probably not across the country and
around the world
too many people assume that Muslims are
automatically worthy of suspicion or
inherently dangerous so let's go ahead
and knock that stereotype flat on its
face
here are four reasons that you don't
need to be afraid of Muslims Islam is
the world's second largest religion in
2010 they made up 23 percent of the
world's population so if they were
really all bomb-making terrorists we'd
be in big trouble but they're not which
is why we're all fine
Islam is a peaceful religion it's not
full of terrorists like TV and movies
we'll have you believe the word Islam
means surrender and it's related to the
Arabic word for peace you've also
probably heard jihad thrown around the
news but it's a hundred percent not
about violence it doesn't mean holy war
it actually means struggle as in it
could be a struggle to stay true to your
religious beliefs and do the right thing
jihad absolutely is not about going to
war with other religions and anyone who
says otherwise is just wrong Osama bin
Laden al Qaeda and Isis don't represent
all Muslims the same way the Westboro
Baptist Church who angrily pickets gay
weddings and funerals doesn't represent
all Christians they're extremists in
every religion you can't judge the whole
group by the bad actions of a few since
September 11th more people have been
killed in the US by white supremacists
anti-government fanatics and other non
Muslim groups compared to Muslim extreme
so the sphere of Muslim terrorist threat
here in the US is kind of irrational
immense story is so upsetting because
even a scrawny 14 year old kid who loves
science can't escape the stigma that
comes along with his name and religion
there are almost 3 million American
Muslims each with their own stories and
identities they just have to be seen as
individuals instead of whatever
stereotype you've seen on your TV screen
so what do you think it will take to
change the average Americans perception
of Muslim people tell us in the Khans
and we will see you next week with
another mini episode of decoded
you
