ever wonder what's wrong with Native
American mascots pretty much everything
so there are a ton of major league
sports teams with Native American
mascots but they're not the only ones
across the US and Canada there are
actually 2128 high school college and
professional teams with Native American
names and nicknames Braves Chiefs
Indians
Orangeman Redmond Reds Redskins savages
warriors Apaches Aztecs Cherokees
Chickasaw Chippewas Mohawks Mohicans
Seminoles and Sioux and that is not even
close to all of the name no matter how
you slice it these mascots are super
racist and they should be banned but
football is important we are honoring
Native Americans honor Redskins is not a
compliment it's a textbook racial slur
the US Patent Office even canceled the
Washington Redskins trademark because we
don't trademark racial slurs and it's
not just the Redskins most of these team
names do nothing to honor actual Native
American heritage or traditions think
about it this way if someone broke into
your grandma's nursing home and then
killed her I think putting her grinning
face on a hockey jersey would be such an
honor and these mascots are a textbook
example of cultural appropriation many
of these teams have been around since
the 20s and 30s meanwhile Native
Americans didn't earn the right to
legally practice their religions in the
US until 1978 so for a long time
dressing up as a native person was okay
but actually being a native person and
practicing your own religion wasn't okay
in fact many activists and councils have
frequently vocalized their frustration
with these names and mascots still don't
believe me why don't we ask a Native
American
oh hello I'm not your stereotypical
Indian this is the 21st century and
nowadays see the problem America is that
we're looked at as people of the past
and we're not people of the past we live
here with you we're doctors we're
lawyers you're rappers you're people
that are living in the here now and
mascots keep us in the past it reminds
us that they were there they were think
that was America's time damn reality
we're all around America we are not your
mascots but sports are about fun and all
that other stuff is in the past so
depressing actually Native American
communities today are still dealing with
the consequences of our nation's past
these mascots shape how people perceive
Native Americans especially for people
with little or no exposure to real
indigenous people let's look at the
ever-popular warrior stereotype now
throughout history this idea that Native
Americans were violent and warlike were
used to justify civilizing the savages
by forcing Native Americans to
assimilate to whiteness research also
shows that these mascots contribute to
low self-esteem and Native American
children and young adults representation
matters folks we took your land forced
you out of your home killed off your
family and try to strip you of your
culture but here's a half go team we
have packaged and repackaged the idea of
Native Americans to the point that
they're basically folklore from Peter
Pan to dancing with wolves and sexy
Native American costumes today the
average American knows more about
pretend Native people than the real ones
so what's the solution well it's pretty
obvious and actually not that hard
listen to members of the Native American
community hundreds of tribes and
organizations including the National
Congress of American Indians are
demanding that these names and mascots
be changed and schools like Dartmouth
Stanford Seattle University and Arkansas
state prove that a name change isn't the
end of the world
mom they change the mascot does that
mean I get a new hat and bed sheets in
the lunch box I love memorabilia and
just this year the Oregon State Board of
Education banned all Native American
names for all student athletic teams and
clubs Oh progressivism looks sexy on you
Oregon so what do you think of sports
teams using Native Americans for mascot
and have you ever gone to school with
one of these teams tell us in the
comments and we will not see you next
week because this is the end of season
one decoded so tell us how much you love
us and wants to come back and maybe we
will races are you congratulating
yourself for not saying that in word
right now yeah
