our Mexicans really stealing jobs from
our Mexico our Mexicans really stealing
jobs from Americans
there's been a lot of panic among
American workers that their job
opportunities are being taken by
so-called illegal immigrants especially
ones who will work for way less money
now we all know that not all
undocumented immigrants are Mexicans and
obviously not all Mexicans are
undocumented but this came to a head
during the 2016 election when now
President Donald Trump campaigned on the
platform of cutting back illegal
immigration by building a border wall
between the u.s. and Mexico and creating
stricter deportation policies but the
way Trump talks about immigrants sounds
like a horror movie they're taking our
jobs they're taking our money they're
killing us which is about last one now
but as for taking our jobs well that
anti-immigrant stance is almost as old
as the united states itself but it's
worth taking seriously because finding
work can be very difficult before we get
into it as we've talked about before
there are many complicated reasons why
people are unable to immigrate legally
so instead we'll refer to those
immigrants as undocumented instead of
demonizing them as illegal but let's ask
the question for every undocumented
immigrant that gets a job is a job taken
away from an American citizen to help me
explain I've brought along my friend
maritza Montana's thanks Franchesca
undocumented immigrants make up about 5%
of the workforce in America and the
kinds of jobs that many undocumented
immigrants have are frankly physically
exhausting kinds of jobs in extreme
temperatures that most Americans would
rather not do including me
undocumented immigrants are mainly
employed in manual labor and service
jobs like working on a farm or as maids
and janitors and even Americans who
might gravitate toward this type of work
are more likely to get jobs that require
English language and technical skills
like working as a cashier or truck
driver but the reasoning behind this
idea that immigrants are taking away
jobs from Americans is so common that
economist gave it a name it's called the
lump of Labor fallacy which is the false
notion that there is only so much work
to be done and that no one can get a job
without taking one from someone else the
problem is that this idea doesn't
account for the fact that when
immigrants arrive they don't just
increase the
workers they also increased demand for
lots of other local goods and services
they use the money they earn to rent
apartments eat food get haircuts and buy
cell phones which means there's more
jobs building apartments giving haircuts
and selling cell phones so when more
people join the job market there's a
greater need for goods and services but
maybe right now you're thinking okay but
what if I really want to work at a farm
well glad you asked because lots of them
are hiring so you'll work long hours get
no health insurance live far away from
any friends and family and make the
least amount I can pay you can you start
Monday see 9 out of 10 agriculture
workers in California are foreign-born
and more than half are undocumented
immigrants but cracking down on illegal
immigration has actually hurt the
American farming industry this past
summer farmers in California struggled
to hire enough workers to harvest their
crops which resulted in millions of
dollars of lost profit and higher
vegetable prices because America needed
another excuse not to eat vegetables but
maybe a farms could raise their wages to
something more livable Americans would
be lining up in droves to work on them
right well again that makes a lot of
logical sense but many farmers argue it
just be cheaper and more efficient to
turn to robots and overall it won't be
long before most farm workers and while
many manual workers in general are
replaced by machines its projected that
83% of jobs in which people make less
than $20 an hour are now or will
eventually be automated which is
something we really should all worry
about because it could fundamentally
change the economy
well what about jobs going to Mexico
aren't those Mexicans taking our jobs
for itself
well kinda but it's less like these guys
taking your job and more like these guys
giving them your job moving factories to
Mexico became easier because of
something called the North American Free
Trade Agreement
NAFTA basically NAFTA let's the u.s.
Mexico and Canada trade stuff with one
another without paying taxes on it which
in theory was intended to help all of
our economies produce prices and make
more jobs but a lot of companies moved
their decent paying American jobs to
mexican factories because labor is
cheaper their workers often receive
little to no benefits and government
oversight is
weaker and for the people who worked in
those American factories it's tough
because manufacturing jobs were often a
pathway to the middle class Trump
campaigned against NAFTA as part of his
promise to bring back jobs which you can
agree or disagree with the problem was
that instead of just being critical of
the politicians who put these agreements
in place are the men and women in
corporate boardrooms who you know
actually moved the factories out of the
u.s. he used his position to stir up
racism and xenophobia towards Mexican
people themselves but being mad at the
Mexican people who take those jobs is
kind of weird for the people in Mexico
taking a job in a factory run by an
American car company is no different
than an American taking a job at a
factory run by a Japanese or German car
company and we can't point our fingers
at just NAFTA or Mexico but the loss of
manufacturing jobs in America over the
years American manufacturing jobs have
moved all over the globe since the 1950s
American factories have been closing for
a number of reasons including
globalization currency valuations
economic recession and automation
forgetting the robots will be your doom
ha ha it's a complicated issue we could
talk all day about the many economic
policies and laws that affect American
jobs but stirring up fear and resentment
towards Mexicans and immigrants in
general will never be the solution
special thanks to maritza for helping
out today thanks for watching and we'll
see you next time right here on decoded
