Jason this is my friend bitch hey Jason
Snider Richard dong your name is Richard
dong yeah pleasure meeting you back on
the streets again rolled up with my boys
and my freaks again I send you to the
grave digger you should have figured
that's what happens when you mess with
me neighbor are you congratulating
yourself for not saying that in word
right now yeah uncle Steve you said you
had something to tell us as a matter of
fact I do
a Mexican black and it Chinaman walk
into a bowl of sweet potato casserole oh
wow that looks delicious giving this
white boy some calm
you're wack yes punchlines uncle Steve
I'm out when it comes to doing the right
thing we all need a little appreciation
sometimes so that's why we're here
inside your mind to say thank you for
shutting down racism because in real
life most of us can't be bothered so now
instead of asking for cookies you get to
bake your own this moment is dedicated
to anyone sorry um is it racist if I ask
this black choir in my head to just it's
a family event that's kind of so we
busted out the choir for this dude
seriously oh well they could stay for
dessert plenty of pie
you must be
