hey friends this week on decoded we're
talking badass feminist with a very
special guest try and figure out who it
is
it's lazy grooming from MTV braless hi
everyone so we just did a collab for
braless all about intersectional
feminism
what's intersectional feminism you ask
well you gotta watch the video so in the
spirit of intersectionality we decided
to share some of our favorite feminists
of color okay let's talk about a
favorite youtubers yes so one of my
favorites is kat lazo you know her love
her she's great so she's hosting a
series for uplift which is about sexual
violence online talking about YouTube
sexual assault and that kind of stuff
which is amazing super important and you
can also find her on YouTube at the
cat's meow
yeah she did it recently a really great
video for bustled called the difference
between Latino Hispanic and Spanish
which I actually like really needed to
watch yeah it was really great you know
and it was super viral so yeah go check
it out the next but we have to shout out
is Kat Blaque she's a trans woman of
color she's an illustrator and a master
DIY or she makes videos for everyday
feminism and pride all about LGBT issues
anti racism being an ally and of course
feminist issues two things we should
really be talking about on youtube so
you can another feminist blogger on
youtube is marina shut up and she
actually has a series all about feminism
feminist Fridays where she talks about a
lot of different issues and threat
events really great perspectives and I
think really accessible to you didn't
understand and she also does videos for
everyday feminism and she does a good
job of taking a pop culture and mixing
it with Jam okay let's talk comedians
one of my favorites on YouTube is Anna
Akana she's amazing and funny and I love
working with her she's so bright she
does a really great job of using comedy
to talk about tough subjects done
something up street harassment and what
it's like to be a woman of color in the
dating
and she is so smart and her productions
of music yeah she just gets in stuff but
she also does some vlog style check it
out it's awesome another comedian we
have to shout out is the key like you
weenie love she's so funny she's another
person that does a great job of taking
comedy and then slipping in these
feminist topics so you're like wait a
second I just learned something you just
learned something she also has a really
great video about intersectionality it's
a girl should check out where she talks
about how it's kind of like duh
yeah so get ready to get hungry so
you're gonna be hungry but you're also
gonna learn stuff okay so let's talk
activists people are on the ground yes
my very favorite has to be Janet mock
she is a New York Times bestselling
authors or book redefining realness is
amazing and a must read she's also the
first trans woman of color TV talk show
host whoa making history over here I
know her show is on MSNBC it's called so
popular it's pop culture it's feminism
it's activism and two people here all
right so this list would not be complete
without bell hooks yeah intersectional
Queen author activist written so much
pivotal feminist theory like a woman
talked a lot about intersectionality -
yeah she's super super great and
apparently she's on Twitter yeah she's
totally on Twitter so you're following
Bella where I I think it's her okay
another person that's an activist is KY
Davis she's a queer woman of color who
writes and performs slam poetry about
racism and misogyny if you're not in the
slam poetry you will be in Takei's
poetry because it's just that good yeah
yeah so I'm home tree isn't for everyone
but she really has points home in a
really beautiful way yeah I would a full
way with words you really feel her
passion so we want to know who some of
your favorite feminists of color are and
why tell us in the comments down below
oh and make sure to check out our
intersectional feminist primer over on
MTV braless and we'll see you next week
here on decoded
well there Lex Luthor looks like you're
going sorry Superman just a reflex
