I've got a challenge for you try talking
about racism with your friends family or
coworkers and get ready to watch people
squirm so let's push three but
discomfort don't worry you can do it
we're gonna talk about racism well the
dictionary defines racism as the hatred
or intolerance of another race or races
well yes but racism is a little more
complicated than that the dictionary
offers a very simple explanation because
it just the dictionary if you want to
understand racism you need to talk
sociology and sociology explains racism
as a combination of prejudice and power
well isn't that just convenient let's
just ignore what the dictionary says no
we're not ignoring the dictionary just a
little deeper think of it this way if
your car breaks down you don't look up
car in the dictionary to try and fix it
you go to a mechanic so when it comes
together you the nitty-gritty of
understanding how racism works I say we
should probably defer to sociologists
because you know they study how people
organizations and institutions work it's
kind of their job so here are five
things everyone should understand about
racism ah talking about racism is so
exhausting it's like no matter what I do
or what I say someone's gonna call me a
racist good people can unintentionally
say and do racist things racism isn't
just burning crosses and racial slurs
it's not always a conscious hatred or
dislike people automatically associate
saying something racist with being a bad
person and while we can agree that being
racist is bad good people can say racist
things or just wind up supporting racist
institutions and practices without even
realizing it oh so now it's my fault if
I accidentally do something
we're playing the blame game here but
accidents can still be hurtful it's
important to remember that intent isn't
the issue it's the impact like if I
accidentally step on your toe it's an
accident but it still hurts I can't just
pretend that I didn't step on your foot
I have to acknowledge it say that I'm
sorry and be more careful with my
big-ass feet
if you want to get technical there's
really no such thing as race we are all
the human race it's a social construct
race is a social construct but that
doesn't mean racism isn't real a social
construct is a category perception or
idea created and developed by society
and then it's applied to individuals or
groups so yes we're all part of the
human race but the human race did this
funny thing where they categorized
everyone based on skin tone and regions
even though social constructs are made
up they're still real I mean money is a
social construct fundamentally it's just
a piece of paper but it still keeps
people up at night and has a huge effect
on our day to day lives marriage fashion
good and evil they're all social
constructs but there's still real things
the same is true for race why black pink
purple polka dots I don't know why we
need all these labels
let's just not see race just see
everyone the same colorblindness is not
gonna fix racism it's a good idea in
theory but ignoring race is not gonna
solve racism race isn't the problem
treating people differently based on
race is the problem it's okay to see my
race I mean it's kind of hard to ignore
how someone looks there's nothing wrong
with seeing our differences our
differences okay but when are we gonna
talk about reverse racism reverse racism
is not a thing I've been bullied beaten
up and called all sorts of names in my
lifetime and you're gonna tell me that's
not racism whoa that sounds awful I'm
sorry
none of that stuff is okay but those are
examples of racial prejudice not racism
that's because racism isn't just about
individuals
it's about institutional power racial
prejudice is not cool but when a person
of color discriminates or stereotypes a
white person because of their race in
the United States they don't have the
institutional power to back them up and
say that those feelings are okay
institutions are things like schools
government the military corporations and
our justice system all of these things
shape how people color treated as a
group and as individuals
that's because racism is not just on a
person-to-person basis it's big picture
things like people would traditionally
Latino or black sounding names having a
harder time getting job interviews even
when they have the same qualifications
as white people applying for the same
job or people of color facing harsher
prison sentences for petty crimes in
comparison to white criminals it's also
harder for people of color to get home
loans on top of housing discrimination
that often keeps them out of
predominantly white neighborhoods this
is how individual feelings about people
of color are supported by institutional
power prejudice of any kind isn't okay
but it's important understand that
prejudice and racism aren't the same
thing
well you are not the only one
racism is complicated and overwhelming
to think about even for me but
understanding what racism is and what it
isn't is the first step in fighting
against it so what are some
misconceptions that you've heard about
racism or maybe some misconceptions that
you had in the past let us know in the
comments and we'll see you next week and
our last vlog I went to VidCon and asked
fans about racism and stereotypes on
YouTube
here are some ear comments ya Madrigal
Kappas there's nothing worse than being
afraid of the police when you haven't
done anything wrong when I was in LA I
had to drive in the entire time I was
looking over my shoulder like hey I hope
I'm not doing anything wrong Lucy any
word
I love Suzy his disney stories are
hilarious you camera 13 you've got a
really good taste this is an awesome
list some of my favorite youtubers are
on here so you guys should definitely
check them out and in our last sketch we
wondered what some of our favorite
movies would look like if they were
starring black actors here's what you
had to say you know Lois 2011 I really
I just to be James Bond too but I heard
he doesn't want to do it
Linda Mitchell you are brave to want to
go back to 1955 because there's no way
I'm going back there
