as you all know my wife Amy Elliott
Dunne went missing three days ago we got
we got him first you input your
destination date on this keeping like
for instance oh I don't know November
5th 1955 1955 you know what doc I think
I'm actually good right he's a Great
Scott Marty imagine the possibilities
Marty Marty well it's you know would we
think you're cheese you obviously very
so it's not know anything yeah we will
let you know
this house is the deal of a lifetime
so what's the catch there was a crime a
murderer
hello Oh for fuck's sake I said it
before and I'll say it again life moves
pretty fast you don't stop and look
around every once in a while you could
cut down
truancy computer fraud grand theft auto
destruction of property tempted odometer
fraud impersonating Abe Froman sausage
king of Chicago okay you're gonna be in
here a long time I'm at miss it my mama
always said life was like a box of
chocolates
why don't you look at yourself and write
down what you see maybe maybe you're
afraid to a census taker tried to test
me once I ate his liver with some fava
beans and a nice Clarisse no Lemmy's
Clarisse
whoa there Lex Luthor looks like you're
going sorry Superman just to reflex like
I was saying it okay
got him guys whoops all right
know what this I'm uh the name is bond
James Bond
yeah I feel like this one can pretty
much be the same move I know right honey
hurry come back a Cleary's oh she walked
out before the best part
