so you're not good at golf but your
white people of color have to deal with
racial microaggressions every single day
so microaggressions are those little
unintentional insults that basically see
people of color as stereotypes which got
me thinking what if white people had to
deal with racial microaggressions so
like worrying from no no like where are
you really from why don't you have an
accent like a like a Swedish accent you
know your English is really really good
it's like I can't even tell you have an
accent or anything I don't have an
accent no that's what I'm saying
you don't speak Gaelic you don't speak
German can you say a curse word European
readable hey you know like what does
that even mean hey Connor um you know
about NASCAR stuff right um can you take
a look at this can you teach me how to
line dance play the banjo act entitled
in a supermarket love white food no real
flavor to it never an upset tummy
you're so exotic how do you get your
hair like that I love how it's so limp
you know why does it feel like that oh
my god so it just does that no you are
we bleed pretty for a white girl
your eyes are so round like this you
know you look like Kenny Chesney Zach
Braff Emma Stone Rachael matter my
friend Chad maybe you know him cuz he's
white - no Emma Watson not McLemore
what's the other guy is it Emma Thompson
it's ch ad like Chad one of the Emma's
you look like an Emma you know what
you'd look like I bet you hear this all
the time
Jeffrey Dahmer how does it feel to be
the token white guy knob hey Conor can
we get a white perspective on this I
love everything about white culture you
guys are like so fun what do you mean
you don't listen to Creed you're white
you've never tried math but your wife
you don't act like a normal white person
you're not really white though really
white
I'm wider than you are so did all your
ancestors own slings no but of course he
wishes that he could still own slaves
that's a part of his culture we're ice
pack me up on this one but then you have
to understand about white now I'm in a
slightly white College so I know I'm
so can you see how ridiculous this was
ina story my life if you've ever
experienced microaggressions because of
your race gender sexuality or body type
go ahead and bent about it in the
comments gets me out of like take a
really popular rap song and like make it
a ukulele song it's so quiet it's simple
why you guys do
