what happens when a young black
celebrity calls out a young white
celebrity for cultural appropriation
people miss the point and throw the
angry black woman stereotype around you
might know Amandla Stenberg azrou from
The Hunger Games or as the
superconscious 16 year old who schooled
17 year old Kylie Jenner on cultural
appropriation this week when Kylie
posted an Instagram photo of herself
wearing cornrows
Amandla replied with when you
appropriate black features and culture
but failed to use your position of power
to help black Americans by directing
attention towards your wigs instead of
police brutality or racism hashtag white
girls do it better translation you love
black culture but aren't concerned with
supporting black people or black causes
and that's not cool but most people
didn't get that part of the message
instead they just focused on the
hairstyle asking what's the big deal
white people can't wear cornrows or in
the words of Justin Beiber guys leave
her alone we're all trying to figure it
out she happens to be under a microscope
I'm the first to know this but saying
she's racist because she wants braids in
her hair is ridiculous well contrary to
Justin's thoughts the hairstyle isn't
really the problem and a mandala didn't
call anyone racist the bigger issue is
that black people face stigmas and
consequences for wearing cornrows but
they're considered edgy and high fashion
when white people wear them they're
actually a number of company and school
dress codes that don't allow cornrows
and until recently the US military
banned cornrows and other natural black
hair styles including locks and braids
cultural appropriation basically comes
down to it's not okay when people of
color do it but it's great when white
people do it and that's the problem and
then when you look at the current state
of racial politics it's hella insulting
to see someone mimic black culture but
never publicly support equality for
black people the media also focused on
calling Amanda's comments and attack on
Kylie Jenner Bravo's Andy Cohen even
dubbed her the jackhole of the day
that's right calling out cultural
appropriation makes you a jackhole not
cultural appropriation but amanda was
too smart for that she went right to
Twitter and let folks know that she was
not here for the angry black girl
stereotype saying I have strong opinions
I'm not angry here's the thing when a
black person voices their opinion about
racism they're not automatically angry
and even so anger doesn't make an
opinion left Valley racism sucks you're
allowed to be angry about it but the
angry black woman stereotype was created
specifically to shut down conversations
about racism the thinking being calm
down you hysterical woman you're too
upset to make any sense a racist and
sexist much even worse the stereotype
has caused some black women to silence
themselves for fear of being dubbed
angry for being only 16 Amanda has a lot
of guts to stand up for what she
believes in and I am so here for it so
what did you think of a manless comments
on cultural appropriation let me know in
the comments and we will see you next
week we have a black president so racism
you
