have you ever had someone try and tell
you that racism doesn't exist well
here's why they're wrong all right today
we're gonna go through some of the most
common excuses used to deny racism
let's take a look um we have a black
president so racism poof there's no
denying that the election of President
Barack Obama was a huge sign of progress
but it didn't stop anyone from making
racist jokes and memes got the first
family plus Obama's first term was
surrounded by rumors that he wasn't
really American and that he was a Kenyan
Muslim how to destroy America
bring me the secret Muslim birth
certificate which by the way is a bogus
conspiracy theory rooted in racism and
more specifically Islamophobia oh racism
then what about Oprah boo let's put this
to rest once and for all
Will Smith saved us from aliens not
racism one person overcoming incredible
obstacles doesn't make those obstacles
disappear for everyone else
that's like saying JK Rowling with a
single mom on welfare and now she's
billionaire Specter on government
assistance hey my family never owned
slaves
never we were allergic okay time for an
analogy if your dad's toys Soprano then
the house you live in the car you drive
and your iPhone was paid for with mob
violence you're not responsible for it
but you're definitely benefitting look I
didn't rob the bank but I'm definitely
spending the money okay you or your
family didn't have to own slaves in
order to benefit from slavery
denying the rights of black people
resulted in increased wealth
opportunities and advancement for all
white people even if they didn't
directly participate in slavery
themselves excuse me the Irish they were
also slaves so first of all no while
it's true that Irish immigrants were
often discriminated against in the
United States many came to America as
indentured servants which isn't slavery
and while the Irish started as an
oppressed group in America they were
able to shed their minority status and
become white largely by joining in on
the oppression of black people often
violence privilege I worked my ass off
to get where I'm at I know I know no one
is saying that you didn't work hard in
reality everyone has some degree of
privilege white privilege doesn't mean
you've had it easy it just means that
you don't have to deal with structural
racism just like as a straight person I
don't have to deal with homophobia now
classism that's the issue not race
poverty sucks for everyone but racism
and classism aren't interchangeable you
can change your class but you can't
change your race
not to mention poor people of color have
to deal with classism and racism add to
that things like housing and job
discrimination are usually the reason
many people of color on poverty in the
first place um excuse me I have friends
/ family / dated someone of that race
who you're friends with related to or in
a relationship with doesn't keep you
from being responsible for your actions
if you say or do something racist you
have to deal with the consequences
look my black and/or Latino and or Asian
and/or Native American friend does not
care what I use that slur look one
person can't speak for an entire group
of people so if your friend is okay with
using certain language around them you
can't expect everyone that shares their
background to have the same opinion on
it uh hey everybody listen up I got an
announcement
Bobby Lee white is now allowed to say
the n-word
we decided yeah we did I got four words
for you black on black crime okay here's
the thing if you're a victim of a crime
chances are the criminal is most likely
going to look like you in fact 83% of
white murder victims were killed by
other white people so in reality black
on black crime is no more of a real
thing than white on white crime look
racism is never gonna go away if you
keep freaking talking about um let's
just think my bow in for a second have
you ever solved a significant problem in
your life by ignoring it that's what I
do with my taxes it worked for Wesley
Snipes oh it didn't like it I gotta go
so what are some of the worst excuses
you've heard to deny racism tell us in
the comments and we will see you next
week last week we did a sketch called
was that racist
here are some ear comments you know
right even though we were just acting I
was starting to get really pissed off
guy you know what no your mom sounds
freaking awesome
you know Adina I can totally empathize
it's getting harder and harder to stay
hopeful in these situations hang in
there and two weeks ago in our vlog we
asked how to handle racist jokes here
are your suggestions Wow arts freak you
have the patience of a saint 15 comments
I want to stop at five yes yes yes Kris
dance please show this video to all
racist joke offenders forever dreaming I
always tell those people that are so
oppressed by not being able make racist
jokes that freedom of speech does not
mean freedom from consequences you know
what Rosa people of color can make
racist jokes to what I usually do is try
to be honest but also kind of play dumb
I usually say something like you can't
really feel that way do you
and then I explain why it makes me
uncomfortable and then I just ask if
they can stop telling them around me
