when Donald Trump takes the telephone
Russia and China
listen and learn that's the
headline-grabbing story by the new york
times at the moment citing anonymous
officials the article claims that
Chinese and Russian spies apparently tap
donald trump's iphone which he still
uses to chat to old friends
they hope to obtain information to use
against him well let's get more in this
story now from Edina co-channel he's
following this story Forrest Medina good
evening to you what's been the reaction
then to this well the New York Times has
published an article that has been
raising plenty of eyebrows and was
actually disproved by almost all parties
mentioned in it now the paper said that
American intelligence reports stated
that Chinese and Russian spies are
listening in when US President Donald
Trump calls his friends using his
iPhones and later they use that
particular information to influence him
and his policies well at a daily
briefing a Chinese Foreign Ministry
spokeswoman said that the journalist
behind that particular article were
trying to win an Academy Award for Best
Screenplay and she also added that
that's another piece of evidence that
the New York Times is making fake news
now the US president Donald Trump also
commented on this article in a way that
he usually does using his Twitter now he
wrote that the article was so incorrect
and he also added that he only uses
government phones well here in Moscow we
decided to ask russia's Foreign Ministry
spokeswoman Maria Zakharova to also
comment on this article and she
criticized it she said that it lacked a
confirmed sources and she also reminded
that the u.s. was a caught it self
tapping a number of high-ranking
officials including German Chancellor
DeMarco but this is another example of
utter absurdist theater an absolute
world behind the looking-glass the
newspapers didn't show any concrete
sources during use official information
and your talks about phony topping the
President of the United States well the
United States of America was brazenly
tapping for example the German
Chancellor and this information was
confirmed well as you can see everyone
mentioned in this article seems to
disagree with it but what they do agree
on is that it simply is not true
you
