I'm feeling a bit hoarse
hey I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report Stacy max we couldn't leave
London without giving you some headlines
oh that is nice
tell them to me now yes that would give
you some great joy all right
corporate breakfast begins as No Deal
breaks it looms we do have an exit day
the exit day is scheduled to begin on
March 29 2019 at 11:00 p.m. GMT that's
274 days away and well the corporate
break status is beginning getting ready
for that day in 274 days I see you
remain calm
you haven't ya laughed you haven't we
need like a horse we're done any that
said well you know people know that I
have strong views on breakfast and then
when I express them they say dude calm
down why are you being so over-the-top
and crazy with your views on president
but look the corporation's now realize
that this was a huge mistake so you've
got airbus is saying we don't want to be
a part of this anymore you've got all
the security mechanisms and agencies and
the EU saying we don't want to be part
of Britain anymore you've got car
companies dropping out aviation
companies we mentioned banks dropping
out everyone wants to get out because if
you don't have the supernatural
institutions that cover the EU and you
want to be part of that and you just
want to be a separate go to lone Island
under a large rain cloud swimming in
Marmite worshipping some old hag in a
crown those people in France Germany and
Italy and the rest are saying no we
don't want to be a part of that
nevertheless breaks udders may win the
Nobel Peace Prize one day for the fact
that they may reunify Ireland and the
troubles are finally over thanks to
brexit exactly but so let's look at some
of the corporate break status that's
happening we've already covered the fact
and it's been well covered that JP
Morgan and Goldman Sachs are heading out
to Milan and Paris and expanding their
offices they're cutting back office here
construction and infrastructure giant
fur oval has announced it is moving its
international headquarters from the UK
to
low tax haven Amsterdam because it
breaks it the spanish firm which owns a
quarter of the uk's busiest airport
Heathrow and runs its us-canadian Polish
and UK operations from Oxford says it
needs to keep within EU legislation
after the UK leaves the EU and Airbus of
course you already mentioned is will
possibly leave right now to be clear
leading up to the referendum I said this
was an economic disaster and then right
after the referendum
I said you know this is gonna be
continued to be an economic disaster on
the week of the referendum I said this
is fantastic that David Cameron's
getting his teeth kicked in and making
you know that that pig loving David
Cameron with his you know whatever David
Cameron that's the phrase now he's a big
you know loves pig somebody in France
being a pig farmer he's a French pig
farmer now but you know I'm that day I
said oh this great that David Cameron
got kicked in the teeth like this that
don't misconstrue that as me saying oh
this is I'm Pro brexit no I'm auntie
David Cameron and and breaks it clearly
a lot of the voters were max a lot of
the voters were because you were talking
about you were talking before breaks it
as a person who is able to benefit from
the economy the cotton the economy today
does not benefit most people so they
were able to give a kick in the teeth to
people that they saw as the elites who
were on the BBC we're on ITV who were on
Channel four who are on all the major
media here and they were telling you
please whatever you do do not vote for
breaks it because this will upset us
dearly and well either way the economy
did not work for huge percentage of the
economy the economy did not work for a
huge percentage of American voters
before the 2016 election so they said
well either way I lose so I might as
well kick somebody in the teeth so
that's what they were you are able to
travel around the world go to
international capitals visit cities and
and participate in the economy a lot of
people can't I understand that need to
find a scapegoat for how bad the UK
economy is and why not breaks it it
can't get any worse but my point is not
and I think the EU was great I think the
EU is atrocious the way that they treat
Greece is atrocious the way the EU is
treating the UK now is like they're
treating the UK like Greece right
they've become an easy country to attack
financially in profit from its demise
but that my point is not that the EU is
good my point is that the EU had an
influence on the UK that made the UK
less horrible if you take the EU out all
you're left with are now Parliament the
UK all the institutions of the UK
unchecked by any civilised
Northern Ireland is going to be gone so
now you've got all these predatory
creepy MPs and a prime minister and all
these institutions like the BBC praying
unchecked nothing to stop them now there
are no rules from the EU just attacking
the population unmercifully so here are
some more corporations leaving we're
just gonna go over some of the data just
to show you the state of play a lot of
companies have been kind of waiting
they've been doing a waiting game
because you know for the past two years
they've been trying to drown the fish as
they as we learned is a good phrase in
France
they've been drowning the fish hoping
that nobody notices that there they're
supposed to have an exit date and you
know everybody's hoping that the voter
forgot about it and you know there is a
theory that after three days most people
move on like from a news article they
don't notice it anymore
well apparently now corporations are
starting to say well we're starting to
have to make plans because it's not
cheap to move its political herpes it's
like getting crabs and herpes at the
same day okay well at the same time
investment in Britain's car industry is
shrunk by half to the lowest figure
since the financial crisis according to
figures from the Society of motor
manufacturers and traders in the first
six months of 2018 investment in new
models and Factory has declined while
Goldman Sachs is also planning to double
their headquarters in Frankfurt by the
way the whole printing sort of documents
here and that's kind of a they skip
every other thing
so there's already a brexit us of my
documents oh my god the brexit the
documents any country that's forced to
watch Piers Morgan every morning is in
deep trouble over there at ITV I mean
come on Britain how did you come to this
so the other the the people that are
happy for breaks it are also involved
corporations that in the United Kingdom
you can't talk about because they're
very powerful again you know here in the
UK they have all sorts of libel laws and
basically you can't say a single thing
against corporations you could talk
about American corporations because they
are ingrained with the notion of First
Amendment and people could say what they
want but here in the United Kingdom you
certainly can't talk about US
corporations a UK corporation so I won't
mention any of the corporations in here
but you could do your own research and
look at this but the fracking firms are
very excited for break sets because EU
regulations involving environmental
protections so I'm talking about I'll
just read the headline because they
don't like too much mention of any
corporation involved but I don't know if
Google's blocked if you can even do a
search here but if you know you could
use a VPN and go around to pretend
you're in America and look for these
sort of corporations but both breaks it
the fracking Lobby and the revolving
door
fracking firms are keen to benefit from
brexit and our hiring firms staffed by
well placed insiders to lobby on their
behalf right that's the side of fracking
is a known economic disaster you can't
make any money with fracking it's all
debt based and then the fracking rigs
expire before the debts paid off and
then all that debt goes on to national
balance sheet so Britain's national debt
which is last I checked something just
under two trillion pounds it's gonna go
to three trillion pounds because of all
these busted fracking rakes number one
number two it's a health issue it's an
ill health issue they've got known
carcinogenic sand all the fracking
fluids it's a it's a known environmental
disaster anyplace the frackers go the
countryside will look like frickin Mars
on crack and then you can't say anything
over at the BBC of course because if you
mentioned the serving the BBC saying
you're not being impartial enough you're
not being impartial enough you're not
being impartial enough oh you have to
say exactly what the state wants you to
say
oh that's better now you're being
impartial okay well the fact is that
these frackers are happy for the brakes
right oh yeah you check mental regulate
rights on that so in that case they were
definitely they were protecting the
population of the UK which and we've
already covered fracking over and over
but I also want to look over at the U us
where we also have a very big story in
the news and that is Theresa Maine's
friend Donald Trump has had this
immigration policy where he separated he
tried to separate these families took
little three-year-old kids and two year
old kids and diapers and put them in
prison and their own little immigration
center all run by private companies by
the way and I mean I even saw reports
that their little two or three-year-old
kids were brought by their own with
their lawyer public defender in front of
a in front of a judge to like explain
them take care to go visit daddy a
workday well they went to court and they
had to answer for themselves about why
they cross this border and one of the
kids climbed up on the counter and the
judge's desk and didn't know better but
nevertheless prison operators could cash
in on Trump's zero-tolerance immigration
policy the biggest private prison
operators which have poured money into
Republican coffers stand to make a
windfall from President Donald Trump's
zero-tolerance policy on illegal
immigration that has pushed thousands of
undocumented immigrants into detention
so core civic is one of the biggest
groups and their shares are up seventy
nine percent since the 2016 presidential
election and geo shares have are up
eighty-five percent but just like the
fracking just like all the horrible
stuff like these are this is the same
sort of grotesque lobbying that are
basically able to plunder the population
with grotesquerie whether it's a
horrible environmental disaster or
horrible humanitarian disaster of taking
babies from their mothers and putting
them in front of a court to answer for
their actions right it is grotesquerie
as you point out and that kind of
american-style grotesquerie is going to
be more prevalent in the UK now without
the mitigating influence of the
you and the regulations and we're
already seeing that in the fracking
industry and in these other industries
and it's only gonna get worse and so
you're gonna take a population that's
being victimized by corpora corporatism
which is like a nice way to say fascism
or grotesquerie grotesquerie ISM the
only possibly good thing to come out of
this would be like music good music
maybe punk rock comes back maybe Johnny
Rotten John Lydon comes back and starts
cutting new record to get out of the
butter selling business don't think the
Queen refracting gene you know I can
fill in for Sid stay tuned welcome back
to the Kaiser report I'm Max Keiser and
let us welcome back into the studio
founder of gold money and man a deep
thinker rice Ahmad welcome back thanks
for having me again
alright I use this in the first
conversation and I think I must now
begin to talk about or otherwise people
will just freak out here so this is as I
mentioned 24 karat gold investment
jewelry it's from company called minae
which is a company that you founded you
started and it's fascinating because it
is investment jewelry it is priced in a
way that fluctuates exactly with the
spot price of gold and you're educating
a whole world all with the whole Western
world about how gold is actually bought
and sold in more or less the eastern
world by weight correct that's the key
so you've launched this thing and the
site the business has really taken off
people have taken to this quite rapidly
how's it going it's going really well
you know I think that you know I'm very
passionate about gold it's what led to
the founding of gold Money Inc which was
originally known as bit gold and it
feeds into what we talked about earlier
you know at the end of the day instead
of all the elaborate conversations we
just had you can always simplify it that
politicians are always going want to
want to screw you over in a fiat money
system and so gold is your way of
preserving your purchasing power with
gold money we did that by establishing a
financial service an institution that
allowed you to hold your wealth in gold
but to really help people and broaden
access to physical gold which is which
is really the key here physical gold I
recognized about two years ago that I
had to disrupt the jewelry industry the
jewelry industry consumes most of the
mined gold about a hundred and fifty
billion dollars a year flows directly
into jewelry and what I found was that
the Eastern jewelry markets were quite
efficient they were actually engaging
and and and dealing with jewellery in
the same manner that people have been
dealing with jewelry for thousands of
years since the beginning of time
jewelry is generally made out of 24
karat gold which just means the way gold
is found in nature when you go in find
gold in a rock it's not 18 karat or 14
karat that's an invention a human
invention and alloy where the pure gold
is taking and diluted down when you find
jewelry in the east it's 24 karat and
it's sold by weight and it generally is
devoid of any gems or diamonds or stones
so the goal is the jewelry is really a
weight of objective value it can be
bought it can be sold it can be
exchanged you know forever I know I was
you know one that bought into the myth
that you can't own 24 karat gold is too
soft yeah but this is 24 karat gold it
is pliable accessible but it's not in
any way you know too soft it's it's soft
for a metal but it's still a metal and
that's the key
you know people that that repeat that
myth it's generally a lie perpetuated by
the Western jewelry industry right so if
we got when I started to learn about the
Western jewelry industry I was really
appalled to see that in the old days you
could find tiffany selling you jewelry
by weight but nowadays the jewelry
industry is really incentivized by Wall
Street and by their own greed to have
minimal working capital which means that
they try to generate very high returns
on their capital and try to generate the
highest margins and they've been
engaging in this game of how much
margins could we charge our customer for
the last 40 years so when you buy
something from Cartier or Tiffany's or
even Pandora which is a lower-cost
jewelry brand ninety percent of what
you're paying for
is BS it's basically the brand they call
it the brand but of course when you
leave the store you can't sell it for
that value so really you're just paying
a very small amount of money for the
intrinsic metal value and what we're
doing with Monet is were turning that
equation 180 degrees we're inverting it
so that when you buy a piece of man a
jewelry 90% of the value 80 to 90 is
going towards the intrinsic metal value
and only 10% is going to design and and
all of our pieces are pure gold pure
platinum the prices change every single
day when gold goes up an item to the
website say this this item I think it's
called the torque the toilet I'll give
you the current spot price of this item
and you can I believe actually if you
wanted to I could go to Bonet and sell
it for the spot price - a fee
there's a whole platform once you buy an
item you can actually track its
performance just like a stock you could
press sell and sell it we send you an
envelope just like the old Netflix you
you throw it in it's fully insured we
ship to 80 countries around the world
you can gift items you can even do
something called Monnaie harvest where
you pay towards an item lock in the
price at the time of purchase and once
you've fully paid we ship it to you so
it's a really really cool way what
people do when I get these I see they
make a video and they pound them on a
scale and they see the exact weight they
advertised and occasionally someone will
say oh my god it's actually a fraction
of a gram over and they're like a static
and and and now you've got these these
are interesting these little charms
because they are pure 24 karat gold and
they're easily to collect and you know
this is obviously appeals to folks that
just want to get in on the on the gold
action in a starter kit so to speak but
it's quite quite lovely
so now let's transition to the big
picture here because people are buying
gold at B'nai they're storing gold at
gold money and then you've got countries
like Russia that are buying freaking
hundreds of tons of gold yeah because
they see something happening in the
global picture what's happening there
why is why is Russia buying so much gold
well I think that everyone is
recognizing that you know we're not
going to be living in a u.s. dollar
centric world for much longer and I
think that the wise countries are
preparing for this by establishing some
other alternate medium of exchange or
store of value and when you go through
the periodic table this is what I all
say you find that there's really only
one way to supplement any form of trade
remember you can't predict what type of
trade you're going to have in the future
Russia can't predict if it's going to
sell China a lot of oil a lot of grains
a lot of babushka dolls but what it can
do is it can stock up on an intermediate
commodity that has the same cost inputs
as any other good or service and those
inputs are energy labor and time and
gold happens to do a very good job of
absorbing a lot of those inputs and then
storing them for a subsequent
transaction that's all it does so you
study the periodic table the periodic
table of elements yes right so gold is
number 79 79 I often use that myself by
proving my high school chemistry class
and hopefully getting it correct and I
know you're your partner Josh kromm who
comes from a geology background yeah
loves to get into the actual acute
geological properties of gold and that
it has all the unique characteristics
that make it perfect for money and so
what you're saying is on the
macroeconomic world Russia is
recognizing that if you take labour you
take energy it stores its it can be used
for trade but is there a fear now that
we are reaching the end of this US
dollar hegemony of the US dollar as
world reserve currency
if Trump as we've discussed earlier is
going and redrawing all the trade
negotiations is there thought that we
need to protect ourselves against having
all this stuff going going going awry
and we're you know heading back to the
very basic trade trade in gold I think
it's a real possibility because first of
all if you're not living in the u.s.
you're at a great disadvantage today in
terms of the chess game Trump is really
ahead of everyone by three or four moves
and I think that their only way for
Europe so Europe can't engage in
reciprocal trade so what that what does
that do to the euro does a euro survive
Russia can
engage in reciprocal trade with the
United States but at the moment that
doesn't seem to be an option for them
and I think Russia has much more
important trading partners like China I
think that the way people should think
about it is they should always be
allocating a portion of their savings to
gold and that portion that they allocate
to gold will always be available to them
in the form of purchasing power the same
equivalent purchasing power doesn't
always work every year but it works
really really well if you stretch the
arrow of time there's a wonderful book
about this it's called the golden
constant by roy josh strim who is a
harvard economist and it really shows
how gold maintains its purchasing power
over thousands of years you know one of
the one of the nice ways that he does it
is he says a Roman senators toga was one
ounce of gold a Brooks Brothers suit in
the nineteenth century was one ounce of
gold and a new Italian suit today is one
ounce of gold so the gold is simply
preserving purchasing power it's not
making you rich and it's certainly
allowing you to avoid being poor now you
speak about Trump playing for DHS you
speak about Trump as being you know
mastering the game you know speaking my
Trump in very positive ways that I would
say most amount of America doesn't share
they are he's constantly being attacked
and he's being vilified and he's being
shown by mainstream media as being a
character that is reprehensible in many
ways and what what what what are people
missing about Trump because when you
talk about Trump you know I travel the
world and I've looked at the global
economy in the US economy and I share a
lot of your views there that he is
actually doing some stuff that makes a
lot of sense from sure economics point
of view but what is the what is the
media getting so wrong about Trump and
are they you know they looks like
they're gonna fail miserably in this
2018 election cycle in the 2020 lecture
cycle they're dedicated to scapegoating
Russia for the failings of the Democrats
and Hillary and yet if they looked a
little bit more closely they would see
this guy is actually making some good
move
how could he break through that that
sound barrier do you think it's kind of
an odd question but so I want to be
clear at gold money our policy is always
to not make any political comments so I
I can't make a political comment about
Trump whether I'm four against him or
not but what I can do is make economic
observations and I think it's
unequivocal that Trump's economic moves
are the right moves you know there's a
lot of talk about this concept known as
mercantilism I'm sure you know a little
bit about that and a lot of the Austrian
economists especially and the modern
Keynesian z-- seem to share the same
view that mercantilism is terrible and
Adam Smith proved that doesn't work and
this and that I actually think that
mercantilism is exactly the way one
should run their country and all it
means is that you don't run trade
deficits and you accumulate metal
bullion or some form of surplus I think
that's very sound advice I have
personally seen members of my family be
very poorly impacted by the policies of
the globalists over the last twenty and
thirty years people that were involved
in the industrial economy and the
manufacturing side I have seen a lot of
the nonsense and emanate from Ivy League
schools and think tanks saying that
automation and people have to learn new
trades and new skills and robots are
gonna solve everything and scarcity is a
man-made invention and all this nonsense
that I can given my understanding of
economics and observing reality dispute
we're producing more steel than ever in
the world we're producing more oil than
ever we're producing more automobiles
than ever there's absolutely no reason
why the United States should have seen
its manufacturing base hollowed out it's
good high-quality jobs hollowed out
hollowed out in in lieu of really gig
economy service jobs ok so just be clear
so mercantilism you have a mechanism to
periodically balanced books correct
right so if the countries running huge
trade deficits then at some point gold
is swapped and the books are balanced
correct and so it's a way to put a
limiter on what we see the excess
monetarism where you've got money
printing leading to malinvestment
correct right and yeah it demands of the
state the exact same principles we
demand of the citizen why does the
citizen have to balance their books and
the state gets to run a deficits and a
trade deficit I sometimes I find myself
reflecting on this and I think a trade
deficit is even worse than a budget
deficit
especially when you have free flow of
capital when you can take the capital
back and instantly recycle it back and
then you're not just you're not just
hollowing out the manufacturing base but
you're also selling your assets to your
competitors of course with gold you have
individual sovereignty make your own
little mercantilist policy individual
sovereignty that's the key and gold
money were investors Monnaie is to spin
off of gold money and you've got some
other things you're cooking up in the
back room of the oyster by brain which
you can hopefully talk about next time
your honor thank you I would love to
well it's gonna do it for this edition
of the cars report with me Max Keiser
and Stacy Herbert like to thank our
guests Royce a bag of gold money calm
and Monnaie if you want to reach us on
Twitter it's Kaiser report and there's a
Twitter from an a Atman a Emmy and E
there's some Picasso woman decides it
all I mean how cool is that until next
time bye y'all
