midterm elections in the u.s. jus in
November it seems some have taken a
doomsday approach when trying to appeal
to voters is calleb mopin the upcoming
midterm congressional elections are
certainly a crucial political event but
there's way more to it than you think
according to Nancy Pelosi the minority
leader on Capitol Hill civilization as
we know today is at risk in this
election we have to win we have to win
civilization at risk goodness that
sounds quite serious now she's not the
only one to think of the upcoming
elections are of existential importance
and no less if you're one of these folks
who's watching cable news at your
cocktail parties with your friends and
you're saying civilization is collapsing
and you're nervous and worried but that
is not where you're putting all your
time energy and money then either you
don't actually think civilization is
collapsing or you're not pushing
yourself hard enough and I would push
harder the time for diagnosis is over it
is cancer midterms are America's last
chance at remission register to vote we
can beat these disease now filmmaker
Michael Moore is urging the liberal
rank-and-file to seize the moment what
are we willing to commit to what would
you give your life for what would you be
willing to to actually put yourself on
the line for that moment is now we are
going to lose our democracy if we
haven't already we have no choice my
friends we all have to rise up so is the
future of human civilization really at
risk at the November polling place we
decided to ask people here in New York
City I would faith oh yeah it possibly
the fate of American civilization at
stake I think so how
I don't know civilization itself well I
don't know I think that's a little over
the top no not at all they were said Kim
Jong moon was gonna blow up the world a
couple how many months ago they're
hyperventilating they do this all the
time
I would Nancy Pelosi's say that throwing
gas on the fire now it's hard to tell if
ordinary Americans are as fired up as
their TV screens and political leaders
would like them to be but let's not
forget the vote is still months away and
the hysteria will probably escalate and
pick up steam caleb Maupin RT New York
you
