hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
a trumpian kind of view it is an
understatement to say Donald Trump is an
unconventional and an Orthodox political
figure his critics do have a point when
they say Trump appears to be harsher
with allies than with real or imagined
enemies then there's the Middle East and
Iran why is Trump so obsessed with Teran
crosstalking a trumpian kind of view I'm
joined by my guest Peter Ford in London
he's a former British ambassador to
Syria and Bahrain in Washington we have
James Jarvis he's a former US diplomat
and former advisor to US Senate
Republican leadership and in New York we
have Richard Murphy he is a former US
career ambassador to Syria and currently
an adjunct scholar at the Middle East
Institute
all right gentlemen crosstalk rules in
effect that means you can jump in any
time you want and I always appreciate it
James let me go to you first and wash it
in because you've rapidly become the
Donald Trump chirper for me you I know
you're a supporter of the president and
you have a great foreign policy
expertise so I want to see if we can
kind of unpack a few things here for
example I give President Trump kudos
with North Korea if if something could
happen there it's very very complicated
the parlay is going to be long and hard
but I think it took a lot of courage to
engage that unlike past administrations
in Europe with his European allies
through NATO tough-love there I think
he's doing absolutely the right things
you want to be protected okay if brush
is such a terrible threat then why don't
you pay for it okay it's pretty simple
but Danny the wrinkle comes in James I
mean the Middle East I mean the Trump
administration is embraced Israel and
Saudi Arabia much more than past
administrations Iran is our again a
target with the rhetoric and the
planning and all of that I I don't see
any rhyme or reason to it all can you is
there a silver bullet for you to give me
to make me understand it go ahead James
well let me draw an analogy to start
with Peter people have noticed that
Trump says the day he took office even
before has been under siege from people
in the intelligence community I think
that's one reason why he handed the Sun
the moon and the stars to the Pentagon
he had to have somebody who was on his
side when we put it into the
international context that you just
raised look we've got clients and I do
call them clients have not satellites in
Europe and the Far East like South Korea
and Japan I think he can afford to kick
them around but when we come to the
Middle East and talk about Israel and
Saudi Arabia I don't think there's so
much
our clients as we're their client given
the kind of influence the Israelis and
the Saudis have in this town it's not so
easy to cross them so I think he is
proceeding much more carefully there
just as he indulges the Pentagon
I think he's indulging those countries
but we're gonna have to see now he can
turn the corner especially if he can
work out something with mr. Putin on
Syria with regard to essentially keeping
the Israelis and the Iranians away from
each other near the Golan Heights we
might have the beginning of something
constructive in that region but that's
going to be a very tough row to hoe I
think okay I said you're saying Peter
what weigh in on that too because I
guess did you do restate my first
question but in a much shorter version
is it Trump is showing flexibility in
some areas here in other areas he seemed
did they seem far more rigid how do you
see it I mean particularly in the region
of the Middle East and Iran go ahead
Peter well I think the key to
understanding that Trump and I say this
with some humility but I think it does
help to see him as an America first
first and foremost
meaning to use the term I don't like
much myself isolationist the opposite
interventionist let's recall you know
the term America first this the America
first committee tried to keep America
out of the war World War two yeah and
it's in the same spirit the the spirit
of John Quincy Adams who advised against
America going abroad in search of
monsters to slay this is the tradition
to which Trump hearts back and which
appeals so much I think to Middle
America and he seems to be consistent in
that and almost all his moves can be
interpreted in that spirit whether it's
pulling back from Korea pulling back
from NATO's overreach in Eastern Europe
the Middle East is a little bit
different but we may be come back yeah
we will
back to that okay okay Richard I mean
okay good considering what we just heard
from James and Peter I think both of
them would agree that you know and I
like how James put it you know indulging
the Pentagon I mean the Pentagon has got
a lot of money right now okay but what
is that money for and a lot of people
would say is for possible or continued
military interventions which the
president ran against during the
campaign and now we have massive arms
sales to Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia in
Israel here and there seems to be a lot
of ambiguity about what the US policy is
visa vie Syria how do you untie all this
go ahead Richard I don't think Syria's
situation is well understood or has been
well understood for the past several
years we made a mistake there's no other
word for it back in 2011 assuming that
the regime was very fragile and about to
be blown away now it managed to survive
and then it was bolstered by Russian
support and Iranian support in the
following years but that that mistake
colored Washington's attitudes that
you'd heard about during Obama's time do
not get involved in yet another Middle
East in the war I think Richard you're
absolutely right and that's exactly
where I wanted to go here James I think
ok all of us are kind of more or less on
the same page here but then how do you
account for the bellicose attitude
towards Iran I think Richards right
Donald Trump knows enough about history
is it that he doesn't want to be a
president that's brought down by a
foreign war that he really doesn't want
to get involved in I mean I'm sure he I
mean he's old enough to know what
happened can Lyndon Johnson for example
or George Bush jr. with Iraq he doesn't
want to have that around his collar but
James you know using sanctions to
intimidate friends and foes not to
import a rainy in oil I mean again you
know and you look at the American allies
in the region Saudi Arabia and Israel
which love to see some kind of regime
change or instability that's probably
their first priority I mean this seems
the kind
counter what trumpian ism is all about
when it cut when it goes to foreign
policy James absolutely clearly and and
I think Peter is right absolutely it's
an America first policy I wouldn't call
it isolationism I would simply call it a
sovereigntist policy however there is
one big fat exception and that is the
Middle East we don't have an America
first policy in the Middle East we have
a Saudi Arabia and Israel first policy
in the Middle East I don't know whether
that represents where mr. Trump really
wants to go or whether it is like I said
in analogy to the Pentagon whether he's
indulging the realities that exist so he
can do something else if he can get us
out of Syria
I don't expect us to admit we made a
mistake in Syria of course we did
a tragic horrible mistake but in
politics people don't admit mistakes if
he can slip us out of Syria somehow the
real question is will he take the bait
on what has to be the red line that
Israel and Saudi Arabia want regime
change in Iran and if he goes down that
road it's the end of his previous the
presidency he needs to understand that
he ends up as George W Bush if he goes
down that road maybe a lot worse I
frankly don't think he's going to do
that but he certainly got a lot of
people both foreign and domestic pushing
him in that direction and right now he's
indulging them the question is whether
he will follow through with that I hope
he doesn't you know Peter one of the
things I've noticed that it's unique
about this presidency all tweeting aside
is that I think serious people and not
just pundants
that are partisan one way or another I
mean I listened to Trump's speeches
particularly when he goes to the base
and there's just a heck of a lot of
hyperbole and it's kind of baked in for
me okay I'm trying to understand the
basis of what he's saying because well
most of what he talks about is himself
okay
that's the Trump way but I just have to
wonder when you look at his foreign
policy views I see it a lot of it is
bluster because and I'm kind of agreeing
with James here the bark is really there
but there's not always the follow-up I
mean with Syria I we really don't know
what's going on there they're not very
saying very much because I think there's
going to be a withdrawal but I mean
could we look at the bluster towards
Iran is this kind of bluster to keep the
Saudis and the Israelis happy go ahead
Peter
yes I think it's primarily to keep the
Israelis and the Israeli Lobby in the
u.s. happy because look at it this way
Trump has already got a lot of enemies
back home just watch it your newsfeed
he's got the security state on his back
he's got most everybody on his back he
cannot afford also to have the Israel
lobby on his back so this combined with
the fact that he has family links with
Israel pushes him in the direction of
being an Iran Hawk now this is scary and
he gets dragged down that path we may be
in for a very bumpy ride indeed but I am
Not sure that his heart is in it I sense
that it's opportunistic and dictated by
his standing domestically in the u.s. he
can't have too many enemies at the same
time richer reflect upon I think that's
quite fascinating because really you
know you could have all the bluster you
want against Iran but it does keep the
Israelis and the Saudis happy and it's
one it's one issue he doesn't really
want to deal with right now because of
the litany of trade issues a NATO North
Korea meeting with Putin it's on the
back burner for him policy wise not
rhetorically what do you think Richard
it's not on the back burner Peter he's
he's got to keep his eye on that
situation in the southwestern part of
Syria where the heat is high the
Iranians had been maneuvering around too
near to the Golan Heights for Israeli
comfort and that that could trigger a
fight and a broader conflict which none
of us needs Richard who would be which
country would be that which country
would be the trigger who's the proactive
a character
referring to well I mean Israel has been
striking using air power against what it
has identified as Iranian targets in
Israel and in Syria in Syria that's
where it could go bad but okay I didn't
you gentlemen I'm gonna jump in here
we're gonna go to a short break it's a
hard break I have to go there after a
short break we'll continue our
discussion on Trump's foreign policy
stay with RT welcome back to crosstalk
where all things are considered on
Peterloo belt remind you we're
discussing Trump's foreign policy
okay James let me go back to you in
Washington right before we went to the
break Richard pointed out a possible
flash point a flash point in Syria the
Iranians and the Golan we have to remind
our viewers that the Golan Heights is
illegal illegally occupied by Israel and
it's not Israeli territory okay is
actually part of Syria and the
international community recognizes that
but I'm glad that that Richard brought
that up James I mean again you know if
you look at kind of the proactive and I
don't want to use the word aggressive
but proactive stance that a Trump has
taken on so many positions around the
globe again we go back to the Middle
East where he seems to be reactive I
mean is is Israel determining what the
United States might and might not do in
the region Syria is a very good example
go ahead well I think Richard is right
to point out Southwest Syria as the real
most important dangerous flashpoint here
and that's where it really comes down to
mr. Trump and mr. Putin can they work
out something that diffuses that in the
in the aftermath of the American failure
in Syria it really has been a failure
that we're not really in a position to
broker any kind of de-escalation in that
area hopefully the Russians can you know
that you know this points to a serious
paradox in American policy we have these
so-called neoconservatives here who the
most militant interventionists
especially in the Middle East they're
also the most militant Lee anti-russian
and are just in a complete meltdown now
over the prospect of this summit coming
up what's odd of course is that Israel
and and mr. Netanyahu have a very good
relationship with Russia and mr. Putin
so there I think there are things that
can be done on the ground there from
Moscow that the people here just are
getting damn that dealt out of the
picture that's a really good point let
me go to Peter on that I mean this is
it's widely speculated I know that the
NATO allies are terrified of a trump
meeting with Putin because he might make
a deal over their heads okay all right
fine that's a topic for another day but
I mean the issue of Syria is very
interesting and and in what James says I
think makes a lot of sense something
could be an arrangement let's put it
that way to deal with Syria but why
Peter would let Amir Putin
trust Donald Trump after everything that
has been said and done I mean ash Carter
remember when there was a ceasefire
agreement everybody was on board and all
of us that all we accidentally attacked
the Syrian army oops we didn't mean it
wow I mean that didn't cut any ice with
me or anyone else that I know
so Peter even if some kind of
arrangement could be made to de-escalate
in Syria could the Russians trust the
Americans to come through and we have to
remember the Trump is under a lot of
enormous pressure at home because even
talking to Vladimir Putin in the eyes of
the neoconservatives is treason go ahead
Peter well I think the Americans don't
have much to negotiate with in in Syria
the boots on the ground are very limited
in numbers effectively they're just the
tripwire the pro US forces in the south
are in the process is being rolled up
that only leaves the north the inlet
area which is dominated in terms of
external support by Turkey not the US
and I think we're also in danger of
looking at the wrong
flashpoint it's not the Golan the Golan
the asset approaching towards the Golan
I believe is a done deal
read the smoke signals coming or not
coming out of Jerusalem you can see that
the Israelis were will acquiesce in a
return to the status quo empty and the
the Iranians will not move up close to
the goal and there's no reason why they
should they should want it to the but
the the real potential flashpoint is a
return to a Duma type situation remember
just back in April we came close through
World War 3 you know we were talking in
in those terms and the same scenario
could be reproduced at any moment but
most likely it will be reproduced when
the moment comes for the siege of
Lib which is some months down the track
but it's perfectly foreseeable that the
same conditions will be produced and I
believe there will be another fake
chemical attack which will trigger a
real a really dangerous crisis
yeah well that day and we go to Richard
at people that do that or actually
desperate that's and when people that do
that kind of thing they're on the losing
side that's why they do it I want to
stay with the the Trump Putin meeting
and let's talk about Syria is it is
there a possible in your mind where some
kind of rough outline could be agreed to
where everybody could be seen as a
winner without getting get it giving
away anything I don't know if that's
possible here but I think that that's
something that Trump would like to say
look we're quick ly resolving the issue
in Syria he likes to win that's how
he'll look at it and of course that
would be a segue to somehow start
starting the Russia us bilateral
relationship again because it's pretty
much been deep sixed what do you think
about that Richard well I think Russian
interests are parallel to American in
the sense that he'd appleton doesn't
want to get really caught young the
quicksands and hearing Greeks I agree
and so that that gives something to work
with the wild really wild card is the
Iranians and there is unquestionably a
strong almost fanatical I'll call it
fanatical element in Tehran that sees
its mission is in spreading its
authority its influence over Iraq Syria
Lebanon Yemen to some extent and that
that I don't know what Putin and Trump
can agree on
okay well James I mean this is the gone
going argument I've had with Richard I
mean it again if that fanatical element
and Tehran I mean they're only fueled by
foreign policy mistakes by the former
colonial powers in the United States
they're the ones that help spread real
or imagined Iranian influence throughout
the region I mean look for example the
horrendous shameful activity that's
happening in Yemen and the whole world
watches this it's it's like disgrace to
humanity and that's all blamed on Iran
well Iran wasn't there until it all
started happening but timelines don't
matter to these people go ahead James
yeah I guess I would disagree but with
Richard although I defer to his superior
knowledge in this area just seems to me
that in a world that an Islamic world
that's 13% Shiite that any fanaticism
from Tehran would be a self-correcting
problem that they simply don't have that
throw weight to really have that kind of
dominance in the region as far as mr.
Trump and mr. Putin go
I think mr. Putin is well aware that
Donald Trump does not control the
apparatus of his own government whereas
Putin is master of his house Trump
really is not and he has to proceed much
more carefully and it can he give orders
that he knows will be obeyed and lastly
as far as the Allies go I think the one
who has the most affairs Theresa May
here's somebody who's been is dissolving
out from under her we've got their
fingerprints all not only on the white
helmets and the duma attack a false flag
like like peter was referring to the
scribble thing and also the steel
dossier let's not forget that I hope mr.
Putin hands mr. Trump a real dossier
about what they've been overed up to
over there and the United Kingdom to try
to subvert American interests I hope you
know Peter one of the things I've done a
number of programs on this but you know
I've had experts on talking about the
interests of this country versus the
interests of this one and geopolitics
and sometimes it just gets down to Trump
having a memory I remember how you
supported Hillary Clinton I remember the
dossier
I remember mi6 and meddling in the
election not the Russians you know it's
really and then those Ukrainian
oligarchs they gave money to the Clinton
Foundation I mean you could say that's a
layer that that's how Donald Trump sees
foreign policy is that you get when he
slided he's got it written down on the
back of an envelope check that person's
done that person's done I'm time making
light of this a little bit but obviously
there's personal issues that ruin that's
how Trump views the world here go ahead
Peter yeah I think
two keys to understanding Trump one is
this so-called isolationism or nativism
the other is narcissism and it's not in
any ways his redeeming feature because
it makes him depart from the Orthodox
Washington Consensus but he's in
constant conflict
he's like a Gulliver who is pinned down
by the Washington Consensus by these
Mary added little advisors around him
the only times he's really free are in
the middle of the night 3:00 a.m. when
he can tweet and nobody can stop him oh
when he's in a summit when he's in a
summit again this is one on one
especially when they keep advisors out
of the chamber these are the times when
he can be Donald I think Donald should
be more Donald if anything you know
Richard a it's already been brought up
in this program and I think it's an
important question is that you know when
when Trump goes in these that the the
NATO confound there and then when he
meets with Putin here
I mean NATO is is it doesn't like the
public browbeating that Trump has given
them over spending the spending issues
been on the table for a long time it's
nothing really new and with it with the
Trump Putin meeting I mean when they
look at Trump again I want to go back to
the rhetoric see this more words because
you know they're gonna think that you
know this this summit will pass and they
they'll go back to work
there'll be the summit with Putin and
then then the Trump goes back on the
campaign trail goes and who is rallies I
mean is it just more for photo ops and
diss bluster because I can't see that he
has really the power to make a deal with
Putin for example well let let's say
this he's shown he has two interests in
the Middle East the so-called peace
process doing something to get the
biggest deal in history between Israelis
and Palestinians and then the price of
oil so those those two issues do capture
his attention what where he's going he
has unfortunately weakened
evidence in American leadership in the
Middle East problem by withdrawing from
the agreement the jcpoa of great agreed
and that's he's playing with a weaker
hand the nuclear agreement with your own
yeah okay one thing is there any I'm
glad we're gonna wrap it up here I'm
grabbed at uh Richard brought up oil
prices the way it's going gentlemen
Donald Trump trying to lower oil prices
he's been actually helping them to
increase and the Saudis for how he
treats them so well the Saudis have not
returned the favor to try to equalize
the price we'll see where this is gonna
go here that's all the time we have
gentlemen many thanks to my guests in
Washington New York and in London and
thanks to our viewers for watching us
here at RT see you next time and
remember prospectus
