tensions between Europe and the US are
costing a massive shadow ever
Wednesday's NATO summit while Donald
Trump continues to criticize allies for
not spending more on defense
Brussels sent this public warning to the
American president dear president Trump
America does not have and will not have
a better Ally than Europe the America
appreciate your allies after all Trump
continues to insist that other members
are not paying nearly enough as America
bankrolls more than half of NATO's
budgets in 2014 NATO members agreed to
spend 2% of their annual gross domestic
product on defense by 2024 Trump is
angry that only five states are anywhere
near that Greece Estonia the UK Poland
and Romania the secretary-general of the
Brussels based military alliance that
says that members are upping their
spending but not too pleased Washington
but independent journalist Luke reveille
told us that ahead of the summit Trump's
unpredictability is on people's minds
everybody is very nervous here in
Brussels looking at what could happen
tomorrow or the day after with the the
temperament with the way Donald Trump
usually does things you know he's a bit
unreliable he's bullying so they're all
a bit afraid of what he's gonna do mr.
tusk couldn't resist by saying that you
know mr. Trump should know who are his
strategic allies and who are his problem
he means probably flooding Mia Putin but
this is Trump ashing it it's cheap
advice and they shouldn't do that
everybody's nervous because of this
issue of all finances because of the
troops still present in Europe that the
Americans could
could send back home because of course
also of the fact that several countries
are renewing their fleet of fighter
bombers altogether it's a dangerous
cocktail for the unity of NATO but of
course it's so good to have a common
enemy Russia
you
