much Neil thank you very much Peter yes
I'm here in Manchester and yes we're
here with Jose Mourinho ahead of that
semi-final between Belgium and France
Jose a thank you very much indeed for
joining us well the last time you joined
us was the last 16 rod and quite a few
things have changed since then they've
been some surprises some shocks what are
your thoughts about how we've got to
this stage now to the semi-final stage
over the last few rounds first of all I
have to I have to get 10 seconds to say
that I'm amazed with what happened in
Thailand and the heroes are there are
not in the World Cup I'm sorry to say
that but the heroes are are there the
kids that's specially the the divers
everybody involved in the in the rescue
they are the heroes for me what Cup
comes second I'm sorry to say that but
we are here to speak about the World Cup
and I have to say funny World Cup lots
of surprises and I like good surprises
in in football so I'm pleased with with
with the fact that we are going to have
a final that was not expected expected
we are going to have two semi finals
that at least the second one was not
expected we have the proof that in
football many times the favourites don't
win many times the teams with the
the big players the place that everybody
expect that they are going to win
matches by themselves that doesn't
happen all the time I'm also pleased
with something that I I used to say for
many many years in knockout competitions
which is the draw plays a very important
part one thing is is to get an easy draw
a easier draw not an easy one another
thing is to get the draw that puts
immediately big pressure on you but
looking to the to the semi-final France
Belgium we have to look to the to the
quarter-final and Belgium with the
fantastic performance beat Brazil and
France with another very good solid
performance beat Argentina so with a big
semifinal with two with two teams full
of top players two teams that could
could play the second team and still be
good could play probably the third team
the one that stayed at home by the
manager decision and there are really
teams with lots of good players players
with a lot of experience playing for the
best clubs in the world in the best
leagues in the world in the best age
they are not too young they are not over
over 30 so I think in in the end France
ends and Belgium they they deserve to be
where where they are Belgium was very
close to be out when they play against
Japan they were very very close to be
out but I think in a crucial moment of
the match Roberto
remember that he had on the bench a
player that can change matches and Phil
I only changed imagine for a minute
change the
the future of the Belgium national team
Japan was controlling the game well
Faline is a different layer is a player
that is very difficult to control in the
box
Belgium start playing more direct and
then Japan collapse not obviously
Belgium a much better team France full
of talent lest you rock up they also
reach the final so it's nothing new for
them so you know I'm really excited to
see this semifinal because I can't say I
can't say if I consider anything 51
percent against 49 I can't even say that
looking at those teams you've said there
there's a lot of attacking talent
there's a lot of midfield going forward
both teams Sparkle do you think then
that the deciding factor will be the
defense in this match there is one thing
that people many times forgets you can
only attack well if you defend well you
can only be offensive with lots of
numbers if you have great defenders if
you are solid behind because if you are
offensive and you are fragile behind you
are going to lose the match and you look
to both teams and France has probably
the best central defender in the world I
think varam is is a phenomenal
phenomenal defender they are solid the
midfield is he's giving a great balance
to the team for Boveri positional
Matuidi more on the left but positional
defensively can't a phenomenal defensive
player good fullbacks
good for backs Bava
our land is very good solid left bags
France is defensively solid then they
have all the talent we didn't appeal its
with Griezmann with all these guys that
can change a match but they're solid
going to to Belgium could Weis
phenomenal I know I've been very very
lucky to have always fantastical keepers
in in my teams
kouta Petr Cech Julie says by the hey I
had always the best goalkeepers in my
teams could wise he's absolutely
phenomenal and then sometimes playing
with three sometimes playing with a line
of four like it happened in the last
match but who they are the experience
they have other wild Vertonghen
company solid midfield players
positionally witzel now it's with felony
- they are very strong defensively and
the teams that are very strong
defensively and they have very good
defensive talent are the teams in better
conditions to be offensive to have Flair
and then they have four that they have
obviously some of the best players in
the Premier League the Bruin ars-art
Lukaku
and look to the bench Martens and look
to the ones at home
London Angolan is amazing squads amazing
sports deejay with with that team for a
few years he did the euro with them
Roberto last couple of years but a
manager with a good knowledge of these
players because it was a manager in in
the Premier League and the majority of
the players are Premier League players
for example in the last match where he
plays Luca from the right it's only
possible if you know the player very
well and he knows the play very well
because he was not just in the Premier
League
he was also his manager when they were
together at Everton so Roberto was a
good choice by
by the Belgium Federation because not
being Belgium but he knows the players
probably better than any Belgium manager
so I think - two very good teams
obviously everybody including myself you
were thinking about Brazil Germany
Argentina all these teams to be here but
the reality is that France and and
Belgium to be here is not a surprise at
all Belgium are missing Thomas money
because he's suspended do you think
given as you said with the strengths and
jabs that they will miss him you know I
think they will miss him because
routines because of confidence because
of they are playing well because money
can play with three in the backend as a
wingback but he can also play as a back
as a back for like he did against Brazil
is is an extra man in in both boxes in
the air because he's really tall is is
good in defense is good in attack and
against France they need that they need
to be dominant in both boxes because
France has very good people also in in
the air and you know was not a surprise
for me the goal that Brazil can see it
against Belgium in a corner I know was
was an own goal but the difficulty of
small Brazilian players to mark tall and
strong
Belgian players in the air then in the
end they had doubts man-to-man
zone who is going to the zone so they
put in the foot in the zone of the first
post fernandinho and Gabriela Jesus they
are not specially good in the air but
they had to keep Thiago Silva Miranda to
taking care of of the fella in ease of
the companies so they were dominant in
that expect by losing money they are
going to lose one of them but you know
them Bali is coming to the team I don't
know if they're going to play with three
which sadly on the rides I don't know if
they are going to play Vertonghen
Center defender and I'll divide right
back which is also possibility similar
to what they did with Vertonghen playing
left back they can play with other viral
right back and these are the kind of
things that again I repeat you can only
do if the manager knows the players very
well and Roberto by being in the country
where the majority of the players are he
knows the players well and he can he can
manage that
big big semi-final went to the team's
drop one final question before we get to
the break Jersey looking over the form
of the two teams as they progress
through the tournament it was seem that
perhaps France have started perhaps
slowly and sort of gained more momentum
whereas Belgium seemed depending on
their their opposition more consistent
throughout is one factor more important
than the other across a tournament
consistency or momentum I think again
the draws they mean they had easy draws
in the group phase both Belgium had to
play against England but easy group was
just first a second and the meaning was
was nothing they could go progressively
playing against Tunisia playing against
Panama easy draws the same happened with
France they were qualified even before
the the group started and that gave them
momentum confidence also kind of relaxed
approach they never felt the pressure
they start feeling the pressure now
quarter-final was a moment where they
start feeling the pressure you look for
example to Croatia
what Croatia had to do to be here the
difficulty of the group phase two extra
times two penalty shootouts Croatia
style of course tomorrow they are going
to get strength even from the
grandparents ole
but they are tired Belgium and and
France no and they managed in the third
match of the group face to rest the
players the rest all the players they
played the ones that are not play so I
think they are fresh I've seen they are
strong and I would be disappointed if
the match is not going to be a big match
because has all the ingredients
anticipating a big match as well thank
you how much Jose Jose Mourinho I hand
you back to you guys in Moscow thank you
