six days left till the Trump Putin
summit in Helsinki with a lot of work
behind the scenes to make that meeting
happen but one of the key figures
involved in that process seems to change
his views depending on where he is for
more on this were joined by our
correspondent Donald quarter so done who
are we talking about and why well today
we're talking about Republican Senator
John Kennedy and he was part of a
senatorial mission to Russia last week
that was supposed to thaw relations
between the two countries and in Russia
he said that his meeting with Foreign
Minister Sergei Lavrov was productive
but actually when he returned to the
u.s. he had quite a different message
for CNN this is what I said number one
stop screwing with American elections I
asked our friends in Russia not to
interfere in our election stop screwing
around in Syria and help us settle the
mess I asked for their help in bringing
peace to Syria dealing with Putin is
like hand-feeding a shark you can do it
but you have to do it very very
carefully this is the beginning of a
dialogue our administra meeting was
probably the toughest he's a bully
you have to watch what people do not
what they say
so we'll see senator did you really say
stops ruins our election you really said
that to the Foreign Minister yes yes and
how did Moscow react to that well the
Kremlin didn't seem very surprised their
spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said that
they weren't wearing rose-colored
glasses and that they were completely
aware of the u.s. political
establishments stereotypes about Russia
so we're gonna have to see how
situations like this are going to
influence whether or not the July 16th
meeting will actually take place
you
