Swedish dentist has been fired and now
risks losing his home after exposing
some of his child refugee patients as
actually being adults a court find the
man over forty thousand euros arguing he
violated medical confidentiality Sweden
is currently the third largest European
recipient country of quota refugees
which has led to some issues in
identifying underaged asylum seekers
medical age assessments in Sweden have
revealed that some 80 percent of asylum
seekers applying for child migrant
status were actually much older than
claimed if you have an x-ray on the
teeth you can see it very easily if you
have that person is over or under 18
years old well 8 t % was grown-up people
I was fired because I followed the
instruction that was a calendar gave me
the woman from the immigration office
and I send the immigration office this
email about these people
why thought was how I could confirm that
was older than 18 years old Regan got on
the hire this great top lawyer he's one
of the best in Sweden and I just paid
too
this is a place that should only be
young people under 18 years old and it
is not good if there are older people
top 25 30 years old during that days
because it could be a problem so don't
think there should be light to come into
Sweden
we've asked the authorities in Gotland
region to comment on the case
you
