why I am a time of his father it's nice
to mrs. Jones we'll begin the ceremony
of the signing of Russian Egyptian
agreements foreign minister Russia
Sergey Lavrov and foreign minister of
Egypt Hamid shukri signing a Memorandum
of Understanding between the Russian
Foreign Ministry and the foreign
ministry of Egypt on strategic political
consultations
the presidents of the Russian Federation
Vladimir Putin and the president of
Egypt Abdel Fattah al-sisi signing
agreement between Russia and Egypt on
comprehensive partnership and strategic
cooperation what
the morning upper to Sonia fortunate the
signing ceremony is over you will now
hear the statements by Russian President
Vladimir Putin and Egyptian president
Sisi ladies and gentlemen friends before
we briefed you on the outcome of our
negotiations I would like to say that a
couple of hours earlier the Russian city
of courage saw a tragic event as a
result of an explosion of a explosive
device that has been prepared people
have died there are many wounded like to
offer my condolences to the families of
the wounded and those that were killed
in the incident and I hope that the
wounded will recover as soon as possible
we will make sure that everything will
be provided for their speediest recovery
we now know it's a crime motivation and
the cause of this tragedy are now being
carefully studied
begin the prophecy about the law
enforcement agencies and security
services will brief you on the results
of the probe friends there's a token of
memory letters honor them with a minute
of silence
please be seated distinguished president
ladies in German negotiations with the
Egyptian president who saw an official
visit to Russia have been held in a
businesslike and constructive
environment
yesterday we had a chance to talk
extensively an informal meeting and
today we discussed the full spectrum of
our bilateral cooperation were also
reviewed key international and regional
issues like to emphasize the fact that
our countries have a long history of
friendship and mutually beneficial
cooperation
we rely on respect sir and we take into
account the interests of each other and
as you just saw we signed a an agreement
on comprehensive partnership and
strategic cooperation with President
al-sisi that will that sets further
objectives to further improve our ties
and promotes interaction between the two
countries naturally we focus on trade
and economic operation in 2017 our
mutual trade was up sixty-two percent
six point seven billion US dollars that
was the total turnover trade between the
two countries and between January and
August it has grown Russia is a major
supplier of grain to Egypt Russia
supports its ambition to sign a free
trade agreement with the Eurasian
Economic Union we are convinced that
this will open up new opportunities to
ramp up our cooperation and increase the
trade turnover
Michelle adavi le tme Quattrocchi our
town
ellipticity was the other dot above the
decision we focused heavily on
cooperation the energy sector the
construction of a Russian design nuclear
power plant is a key project in this
area prepared sure works are now on the
way and contracts with the kitchen
contractors will be signed to by the end
of the year we have had positive
experience in hydrocarbons - we have
regular supplies Russian oil products
and LNG - the Egyptian market in terms
of manufacturing corporation we have 1
billion euro contract to supply
passenger cars together with Hungarian
counterparts
holy shit what I forgot to do me an
Arabic alamos you jcic we appear Russia
has helped to build a modern industrial
zone including pharmaceuticals
woodworking and other facilities near
the Suez Canal we are planning to
attract about 7 billion u.s. dollars of
investments to create more than 35,000
new jobs the products made in that
industrial area will be supplied not
just to the domestic market but also to
the Middle East and to Africa we had
extensive discussion of our cooperation
in the defense sector equally important
is military cooperation Russia and Egypt
have successful cooperation in these
areas for decades
which these days
Egypt is hosting a joint exercises
Russia and Egypt have always
demonstrated interest to culture and
spiritual legacy of our nation's in this
regard we decided to announce 2020s the
year of mutual humanitarian cooperation
we reviewed the possibility to fully
restore tourists to ties including the
era communications in April direct
regular flights have been received
between Moscow and Cairo today we're
also discussed charter flights to
popular tourist resorts in Bukhara and
Sharm el-sheikh
have praised the efforts of by Egyptian
partners to prove the security level who
worked hard to resume charter flight set
as soon as possible the talks have
reaffirmed the trash in Egypt to have
identical or similar stances on
international and regional issues
between the two countries has always
have been and will be a major factor in
ensuring security in the Middle East and
North Africa briefed our counterparts on
the efforts that Russia has been taken
to resolve the situation in Syria we
also compared notes on the Syria crisis
and agreed on the actions that we will
jointly take further on we agreed that
the midlet province situation situation
and leader province needs to be looked
at with great attention the
de-escalation zone has a lot of
militants and there might be a spillover
effect concerning neighboring countries
Illuminata okra we have briefed our
friends what is cornerstone of our
agreement with Turkey on the Syria
crisis we're also agreed to continue
cooperation and coordination to step up
and speed the political process in Syria
I like to remind you that our Egyptian
friends have facilitated the
participation of part of the opposition
from the Cairo platform at the Congress
in Sochi now the goal is to set up and
start the operations of the
constitutional committee Geneva it's
also important to take an X of action
and Sur to restore the economy of Syria
provide favorable conditions for the
refugees to come back home
Russia and Egypt will continue to work
together to overcome the political
divide in Libya and also efforts to
restore its territorial integrity and
sovereignty and each
favours promotion of the same principles
for the arab-israeli settlement so that
are laid down UN resolutions and the
years peaceful initiative we push for
the resumption of direct dialogue on
issues including the stages of 2019
Egypt will take our chairmanship in the
African Union we wish all our Egyptian
friends and president Sisi success is
responsible endeavor we hope that Egypt
such a Manship will facilitate more
intense cooperation between Russia and
all African nations finally I would like
to thank the gyptian present and all our
Egyptian friends for these substantive
and productive discussions we have
achieved significant results today that
will further strengthen our ties
huzzah huzzah huzzah him I feel he
thought we really thought maybe Nevada
Boehner thank you Machado mostly Thank
You mr. president
allow me on my own behalf and on behalf
of the Egyptian people offer our
condolences in relation to the tragic
incident that took place in Russia today
all right sincere condolences to the
families during this historic find it
very important to be here today and I'm
pleased to recognize the achievements of
our ties in the past four years I
believe that this project without doubt
will help us make a quality leap in our
relations the project the construction
of an industrial area will help our
countries to join our shared efforts to
improve friendship between the two
countries have culminated in the signing
of the agreement and comprehensive
partnership and strategic cooperation
I believe that the signing of this
agreement will open up a new chapter in
the history of our operation and ensure
a long-term prospects and open up new
horizons that will lift our mutual
cooperation to equality new level
and venomous his nomination has a LAN
and I did minimal a sabbatical eeeh
ality takest also a coffee while huh
dori well funny
venerable Danish Ave today we also
agreed with President Putin to announce
to 2020 the mutual year of culture and
Russia and Egypt
we hope the here will see a series of
events that will reflect the legacy as
the quality of relations between Egypt
and ladies and germs and Egypt cooperate
to bring about a better future for the
countries but we also discuss work on
regional and international issues
we believe it's paramount to restore
stability and security in the Middle
East in the interests of the people of
the region and in order to ensure a
better future for young young people
after a long period of Armenia
Hana DOOL attained Wolfram Alpha notice
American esteem but a camel community
early Homo erectus a lemon army
butum context team absolutes in this
context we also discussed the
Palestinian issue we believe Egypt and
Russia have much more similar than
previously on Arab Israeli settlement
process we're all Syria firmed the need
to achieve a two-state 2 nation solution
in line with the 1967 border based on a
UN Security Council resolutions and we
also focused on the developments in
Syria we agree that we need to continue
consultations and coordination between
the two countries both Russia and Egypt
we need to any further escalation on the
ground in this context we agreed to call
on UN Special Envoy Syria to step up
efforts to establish the Commission as a
major precondition to resume but it
could talk and achievement of the
political process there is a fraternal
nation and we need to preserve its
territorial integrity and sovereignty
hello mr. Gretel as vinyl siding SCSU LM
knee whatever under team Halligan a
little avocado cut as an Holly CSCP
Libya Sudan
Alice Ojeda Moses on a screen Libya the
term caramel can be mere to be fine
concerning Libya we discussed the latest
developments we looked at what's
happening in politics and we looked at
the security situation we looked at what
different stakeholders are doing i
briefed President Putin on our vision on
the political solution with Libya
becoming honest we also discussed
spillover from the latest incident in
Tripoli once again it demonstrated that
it's dangerous to rely on militia in
ensuring security
we believe these duties need to be
performed by law enforcement agencies
and regular me the special envoy for
Libya put forward a proposal and his
initiative needs to be fully abided by
Mulholland dent of the Eliot a little
asthma but I've never been a truffle
money conejito huzzah with Doron with
all four clearly we believe that issues
of parallel solutions will only delay
the the crisis we believe that we need
consensus to bring about a final
solution to the crisis at the Maharajah
what about Molly Bechet name McCafferty
do dat money during the talks we agreed
on the need to strengthen the procedure
of data sharing as part of fight against
terrorism including the transfer of
terrorists from unstable regions to
other countries with a plot and stage
new terrorist acts with other countries
and in brief
our commitment to engage more actively
in this area our countries have
traditionally been very good partners we
share the same vision relay in terms of
these threats that he poses yes hazard
to the situation region I also briefed
the President on cyanide 2018 operation
it's been a successful campaign and
demonstrates our commitment to fighting
this mystery or it might a Nutella Kotla
strategy ability we may be let be told
about that a largest English president
ladies and gentlemen my behalf and on
behalf of the Egyptian people I'd like
to thank President Putin for the
intention to visits Russia like to once
again praise the high level of his
historical ties between Russia and Egypt
we hope to move them forward we need to
work for the interest of our people
towards the stability and prosperity
thank you
