an award-winning journalist who helped
the whistleblower Edward Snowden to
expose the secrets of the NSA has found
himself under attack for visiting Russia
for a cybersecurity conference as he's
kept Maupin has details well Glenn
Greenwald who is the famous journalist
who exposed electronic surveillance in
the United States using the documents of
Edward Snowden revealed by Edward
Snowden the whistleblower he's getting a
lot of criticism at this point now he
went to Russia he attended a conference
on cybersecurity at that conference he
spoke on a panel related to the issue of
fake news and then from there he went
and did a TV interview with this network
there's an obsession in the United
States with viewing Russia not just as
an adversary but as an actual enemy it's
permeated both political parties there's
actually talked a lot now about how what
they regard as the interference in the
2016 election is similar to Pearl Harbor
from there we saw a whole lot of media
voices in the u.s. a jump on Glenn
Greenwald simply for the fact that he
gave this interview one commentator from
MSNBC responded this way Glenn Greenwald
shows his true colors as an agent of
Trump and Moscow now we know why he
helped Snowden defect covers for
WikiLeaks attack on democracy in shills
for Fox News he's deep in the Kremlin
pocket now a tweet from a media outlet
associated with Voice of America accused
Glenn Greenwald of quote voicing support
for the government of Russia in his
interview now WikiLeaks responded
pointing out that at no point did mr.
Greenwald voice support for the Russian
government that was not anything he said
in his interview at no point in the
interview did he make statements
supporting the Russian government so
this tweet from a US government media
outlet Voice of America was simply not
correct now Glenn Greenwald is not the
first individual to have been targeted
this way and basically accused of all
kinds of things simply for appearing on
this network we saw that Green Party
presidential candidate Jill Stein faced
similar allegations simply because she
did interviews on RT and that she went
to Russia and met Vladimir Putin and
we've also seen
in the recent in the aftermath of the
passing away of ed schultz we've seen
similar statements and and strange
things made in allegations and made in
the obituaries in the reporting around
his death so Glenn Greenwald has
responded to those jumping on him for
doing the interview saying that this is
simply McCarthyism and it reminds people
of a period in the United States and
which guilt by association was very
common and people were being accused of
being disloyal and treasonous simply for
meeting with somebody or giving an
interview or shaking hands with someone
Glenn Greenwald is quick to jump on this
as an example of kind of the hysterical
atmosphere created around Russia in the
United States the subject of the
interview he gave to RT there's this
sense that Russia is now an enemy on par
with al-qaeda or the Japanese during
World War two Russia is often talked
about this way in the sense that any
kind of connection with or interaction
with Russia is viewed as inherently
suspicious or even worse and it's
extremely dangerous and extremely toxic
investigative journalist max Blumenthal
told us the whole case is based on the
US perception of Russia as an enemy
this is outright slander that is being
committed by an employee of MSNBC which
has pushed this frame of anything
connected to Russia being a form of
treason if you look at Malcolm Nance's
own record of wild statements including
that the United States as a
constitutional republic is about to be
destroyed by Vladimir Putin it's pretty
clear that he's too intelligence what
Harvey Weinstein is to feminism this is
all about geopolitics and people like
Glenn Greenwald have been have become
collateral damage in the revival of
McCarthyism
you
