British Foreign Minister Boris Johnson
has announced his resignation he's the
third Minister to quit in just 24 hours
with all three refusing to back to
resumes plans for a soft brexit
Johnson's departure follows the
resignation of brexit secretary David
Davis and undersecretary Steve Baker can
go live now to our correspondent in
London Anisha Sethi haneish a can you
bring us up to date with all the
developments please
well the UK Prime Minister's facing a
tense meeting with Tory MPs and her
peers at Parliament today as she'll want
to try and keep control of her cabinets
amidst all the infighting and her
leadership is at a huge risk the
infighting surrounds Mays idea for a
facilitated customs arrangement that's
her plan in securing a trade deal once
the UK leaves the EU in March 2019 now
the reason brexit heirs are angry is
because the current plan is a soft
brexit and closely aligned with Yves and
Mays having trouble balancing her
cabinet Melissa says this is what has
led to all these resignations in the
past 24 hours but the foreign secretary
Boris Johnson an influential figure the
face actually of the vote leave campaign
in 2016 he was meant to give a press
conference at the Western Balkan summit
in London but Danny Street put out a
statement saying that Theresa nee had
accepted his resignation but Theresa
Mayes balancing act is not going so well
in Parliament at the moment I want to
recognize the work of the former
Secretary of State for exiting the
European Union to recognize the passion
that the former Foreign Secretary
demonstrated
in promoting the unseemly atmosphere I
want to hear about these important
matters should the Prime Minister thank
you in the former foreign sector
demonstrated in promoting a global
Britain to the world as we leave the
European Union well despite these
eruptions of laughter Teresa makes
spokesperson has said that the
government isn't in meltdown and there's
no question of revisiting the position
that was agreed in checkers on Friday he
and em but eruptions have laughter there
but Jeremy Corbyn leader of the Labour
Party's actually mocks Mays claim that
she's restored a cabinet responsibility
over this two years on from the
referendum 16 months on from article 50
being triggered it's only this weekend
that the cabinet managed to agree a
negotiating position among itself and
that illusion lasted 48 hours well
Jeremy Corbyn has said that he
understands why cabinet ministers didn't
actually resign on Friday because their
phones were removed they would have lost
their cars because of government cuts
and there would have been no bus service
as well but there are also reports of
mp's saying that they were on standby on
Friday ready to pick MPs up if they
resigned and in under 24 hours there
we've seen the resignation of David
Davis as well the brexit secretary he
said that to resume had given away too
much too easily when he resigned on
Sunday night and he'll be replaced now
by Dominic Rob a prominent leave
campaigner in the 2016 referendum but a
public poll that ORP poll shows the
approval of public brexit negotiations
has seen a significant fall in July the
lowest on record and last month 36
percent of the public approved current
negotiations now this is drops to 29% so
a significant fall there but the
resignations of two of the cabinet's
leading ministers leaves to raise
cabinet now in a very much tenuous
position
pronita Sethi speaking to his life from
London thank you for keeping across this
forest we'll be coming back to you
shortly I'm sure thank you for now okay
we can now cross live to our guest
former Mayor of London Ken Livingstone
mr. Livingstone always lovely to have
you on the program I want to ask what's
your initial reaction to Boris Johnson's
resignation well I'm not surprised I
mean David Davis I who resigned
yesterday a man of absolute integrity I
remember I was in Parliament with him
when he resigned his seat in protest
called causing a by-election to protest
against the erosion of human rights by
the government of the day and he's
always been principled but Boris Johnson
has always been about promoting himself
wanting it seen anybody who wanted to be
Prime Minister one day so I if David
Davis hadn't quit Boris would still be
in there Boris knows though if there is
going to be a leadership challenge -
Teresa may I he's got to leave the
cabinet's with it to do that now what
we're seeing is three resignations
within 24 hours people talking about the
government being in full-blown crisis
meanwhile tourism a spokesman says
there's no question of revisiting the
brexit position agreed by the Cabinet at
Chequers on Friday and that the
government is not in meltdown what's
your take on the Cabinet statement well
basically we when Teresa may seem to
have pulled this all off we were all
quite surprised that she'd managed to
keep the cabinet together accepting
effectively a sort of limited remaining
in the the the single market but the
simple fact is I mean will the EU the
other 27 nations agree with her position
I suspect they will demand further
concession and so she will start losing
more and more of their ministers I mean
the simple fact is I can't ever recall
the time in my life when the politics of
the British government has been in such
chaos and with complete impossibility to
try and understand where we'll be in
three months or six months or next year
we'll the government survived we don't
know
we actually vote to leave I we don't
know literally I've never known such
uncertainty in all my time in politics
and frankly I suspect to be a huge
impact on our economy what foreign
corporation is going to be thinking of
investing in Britain when all of this is
up in the air absolutely I just about to
ask you how do you think Europe is
viewing all of this going on at the
moment well I think the simple fact is
that they wouldn't be happy with the
deal that Theresa May was offering are
you there totally committed to those
principles of a free market for services
goods and the free movement of labour
and the simple fact is I Theresa May is
terrified of offering free movement of
labor because she thinks then I perhaps
the majority of Tory MPs would like to
get rid of her because I that they fear
the backlash from the voters if we don't
try and tighten our borders to these
foreigners out this is becoming a very
unpleasant and nasty people and the
simple fact is the majority of
immigrants who come to Britain don't
come from the EEO they come from the
rest of the world if the government
wanted to reduce migration it could stop
all of that but they don't and the
reason is migrants don't bring dynamism
to your economy seventy percent of the
migrants who come to Britain come with
the university degree whereas in Britain
only about a quarter of people record
degree I and more migrants have come to
London than any other part of Britain
and London is the only part of Europe
that matches American levels of
productivity and competitiveness we now
live in a global world
we think we can start raising barriers
again well we're just mad and all of
this do is term I really couldn't have
come at a worse time for Teresa may
could it with everything she has on her
plate at the minute with the u.s.
president Cohen over to visit very
shortly and also with the country
dealing with this second nerve agent
incident I mean is this the perfect time
for resignations if if they want a vote
of no-confidence against me well
literally treasom AE has had a difficult
time their entire time as
Prime Minister because it's taken two
years to get this really scrappy deal
and now members of the cabinet are
dropping out there'll be quite a lot of
backbenchers opposing it
the simple fact though is there's most
probably a majority in parliament in
favor of him retaining some sort of deal
like this so getting around won't be as
easy as Boris Johnson things and for
Boris Johnson that's all this is about
basically I although he campaigned to
leave he was absolutely shocked when
that result case came in most of us
thought he's only campaigning to leave
because he wants to get the support of
the hardline brexit here Tory MPs for
when the next leadership challenge comes
now should Theresa may choose to step
down or should a vote of no-confidence
not be beyond the realms of possibility
right now was the possibility do you
think that someone new would really be
able to bring the two warring sides of
the party together it just isn't
possible there is no one person on
either side who can unite the Tory party
around this issue I mean it's the most
divisive issue and it takes me back to
the 1990s when out then Tory Prime
Minister John Major was trying to
preside over a Tory party totally
divided in Parliament over whether or
not we should join they're the common
currency and at the end of his term
you had a Labour landslide and I think
most properly treasom a mail-in bond
till the next general election but that
could be later this year I I think
looking at the mess in the Tory Party
now it's much more likely that it will
be Jeremy Corbyn as a Labour prime
minister who will then negotiate a
better deal with the EU
well given that the Labour Party are
just as divided as the Conservatives on
this anyway do you think labour really
could do a better job well again if you
actually look back there's only about
two or three percent of Labour MPs voted
to leave because they all knew leaving
the EU is going to damage our economy
it will cost us jobs there'll be less
investment coming to Britain so we've
got to get that across to people and I
think we can everything that's come out
in the last two years has been bad news
most businesses are criticizing the
government ie nothing's got better and
in our economy we're limping along with
a pitiful rate of growth wages are
falling behind inflation maybe we've had
the worst ten years in our economic
history you've got to go back to the
time of Napoleon for a period as bad as
this in our economy that's not a vote
winner so where do we go with the brakes
that process from here I mean according
Jeremy Corbyn it's just been 2 years of
time wasted with the cabinet infighting
what's the next step from here hmm well
Jamie's absolutely right they could have
had this decision two years ago
immediately after the brexit vote but
it's been stalled and stalled and
stalled we're now just a few months away
from the point at which we leave so it's
absolutely chaotic and I didn't I mean
I've tried always to avoid lying in my
political career and I have to tell you
not just me I don't think anybody in
politics has any idea where we're going
to be in three or four months time why
can't I mean I wouldn't bet a penny on
anything coming out of this it is
absolutely chaotic do you think we've
seen more resignations in the coming
hours I'm sure there'll be some more
coming in but I mean the two big names
have now gone and they're lining up
behind back bench critics like Jacob
Riis MOG so I do think there's going to
be groups of Tory MPs meeting tonight
talking about shall we trigger a
leadership election shall we vote to
block this going through Parliament and
that of course if you've got a big chunk
of Tory Rebels means the decision comes
into the hand of Jeremy Corbyn and the
Labour Party with what they do in that
place Livingstone former Mayor of London
thank you for joining us on our tea we
appreciate thank you
you
