t30 match involving stars of the game
has been held in Red Square
participating was the captain of West
Germany's 1990 World Cup winning site
and X Russian midfielder Alexander most
avoid the game was organized by the
Naked Heart Foundation which helps
children with disabilities we spoke to
those taking part seeing children
participates their emotions how it helps
them become a part of this party
this is the best honor and reward I like
that I can be here and help and also
play here on Red Square that's a thing
to remember I'm really glad to
participate in such an event be part of
the FIFA World Cup which as it seems to
me is absolutely fantastic team they
played fantastic football I think that
they conquered hearts of the biggest
skeptics about Russian football and now
what is actually happening today is
really important because now thousands
of boys and girls will want to will be
motivated to take on this sort and of
course we when it comes to young kids
with special needs they're not an
exception they also want to play
football World Cup is going to have
impact on them foundation can use this
moment World Cup same coolest behind the
last 50 years start from the beginning
with in this foundation and I think this
is a very nice and a very good
relationship and I think it's the same
part we profit at each side from each
other I think the World Cup was very
nice till now there's a lot of surprise
good atmosphere in the stadium co2
atmosphere on the street the same good
Russian team was long in the tournament
till the quarter-final maybe not so many
Russians accept that
