the mother of a missing indigenous girl
in Canada Danita faith big Eagle is
suing the police for not doing their job
all of a sudden I heard noise and looked
out the window and she was getting
hauled off by three men in the black
truck Mike Mike all my children that I
was babysitting and her children saw
that so I phoned the police and told
them you know how come you pick up my
daughter what'd she do and when you're
gonna let her go
they said phone back phone back phone
back our two hours the next day then
they told me she wasn't there they never
did anything like after I saw that I
told them I think like like you guys
took her what do you do with her and
they were saying she's not here so we it
couldn't have been us and I kept going
back there and I I started accusing them
you know are you guys taking girls
because if you are you know I'm gonna
make sure that you guys pay for that
meanwhile according to a Canadian police
report in just 2014 a hundred and
sixty-four indigenous women went missing
the report of 2015 shows the number grew
to a hundred and seventy four it's a
tragedy that doesn't seem to end girls
are still going missing like women and
girls and that scares us I think they
think we're easy prey
you know we're something that can just
help themselves to like take advantage
of and it's gonna be you know I can't I
can't think of any other reason they
must think we're prey they want
something to chase something to hurt
something to kill and that's us now this
has led to activism the women's memorial
March is held annually in different
Canadian cities to commemorate those
murdered or missing the events a goal is
also to call attention to the problem
and particularly to cases involving
Native women the mother of missing
Donita big Eagle says that unfortunately
indigenous women are attacked more
frequently
now we asked the Royal Canadian Mounted
Police to comment on big Eagles case and
no comment yet excuse me
but Laura Lee Williams who also lost a
family member says that attackers choose
native women as their victims because
they know that little will be done by
police
we're targeted because nobody the
Predators know that nothing would be
done about it we know that they can get
away with it throughout my childhood but
just all my life I grew up around my
family
mmm how much pain they were in their
loved one she's my mom's sister so I saw
the pain it caused in my family and it
did was day so I know all the flaws
especially with the RCMP I find I find
it harder to work with the RCMP myself
and I see I see where all the flaws are
I see where that I mean there's another
case 36
indigenous women came forward with
allegations against the core tech police
department and they said they were
sexually assaulted but nothing happened
