apparently the Trump administration
would have the whole Middle East be just
like Israel if they had their way Israel
is everything we want the entire Middle
East to look like going forward it is
democratic and prosperous it desires
peace and it is a home to a Free Press
and a thriving free-market economy so
let's just take a moment and picture
that the entire Middle East when look at
Donald Trump through the same eyes as
Benjamin Netanyahu everyone in the
region would hate Iran with the same
fiery passion threat posed by Iran whose
chief exports our violence bloodshed and
chaos Iran lied Iran's path to the bomb
Iran's aggression the danger that Iran
poses Iran should not be rewarded force
aggression in the region and what would
countries do to those they don't see
eye-to-eye with follow the Israeli
example and throw up a fence a Muslim in
our neighborhood we need to protect
ourselves from wild beasts at the end of
the day as I see it there will be a
fence like this one surrounding Israel
in its entirety now in that scenario all
of Israel's neighbors would likely be
blocking them in and of course every
country in the Middle East would be
broken down into Pro and anti government
building barriers and Israel has shown
us exactly how those rebelling would be
treated
let's not forget about the lovely
nuclear stockpile Israel is believed to
have the region would be filled with
nukes not that they'd ever admit to
having such weapons right maybe a yes/no
question for you does Israel have
nuclear capabilities and nuclear weapons
yes or no we've always said that we
won't be the first to introduce it so we
haven't introduced it is all of that
well the Secretary of State had in mind
let's hope not you really have to see
this in the context of American domestic
politics and not really in Middle
Eastern politics certainly for Israeli
Jews Israel is a very successful country
it's often referred to here in the
United States as startup nation what
kind of reception does it have in the
Middle East
terrible Israel is very unpopular for
the way that it has been pushing aside
the Palestinians and oppressing the
Palestinians nothing Yahoo and Trump
have found a brotherhood in their
policies towards the Palestinians and
towards the Saudis and towards Iran
they've they've really aligned
themselves very closely and that's what
you were hearing at the ginsa speech by
Pompeyo
you
