you have everything to be proud of
everything to be proud of and they've
created a couple of new world class
staff people know about the Russian team
now I think that journey individual
journey and in this woke up from maybe
we go two years back since they they
they have stopped in the euros and
haven't played any competitive matches
for two years which is difficult really
really difficult because competitive
matches and friendly matches two
different things and the way they picked
it up the the first game it was just it
was just an incredible journey to to
follow and and they've got to say
everything to be proud of and we now
have names like Joseph Denis charity I
mean it's gonna be really interested to
see what's gonna happen over the next
you know we can sure because she this is
a guy who can run and play and and all
these things you expect from a player
but he can score goals he's cheeky he
can find it in his paper and that's not
that's not something every player has he
got the opportunity this is something
about his mentality when when they when
he was shot in in the fence
and he took that opportunity to score
two goals against Saudi Arabia and he
just took off from that you know the
next goal that was scored in the next
court was him again he popped up and
then he wasn't playing against Spain but
came on played well scored on one of the
presences and today started the game
scored again so this is a guy that has
now made a really big name for himself
places Villarreal
he won't be playing for Villarreal next
season I don't think so
he's in Spain the bigger clubs will be
looking at him but there will be other
clubs again that there are dollar bid
for instance big big rumors that he has
already made a deal with Chelsea so this
is another one who's made a really big
name friend so I keep faith people talk
about his his his knees that they're not
very good but I saw nothing wrong with
this before
championship so maybe even there's an
opportunity for him
Maya Fernandez my probably my favorite
playing this championship frozen and
super starting story came in the opening
game scored on is very very first charge
against Saudi Arabia and she's kept
going and you have this big big guy a
really big guy in terms of you know our
field player our field players and he's
technical very good he he's physically
very good I didn't see him as tired
today but I think it's what managers do
they have planned their subtlety so he's
just the one you take off and I think in
many ways successive will regret taking
you know because he would have been gold
in that except half an hour but he's
another one who has just shown himself
to the world and it's going to be very
interesting to see what's gonna happen
with these players
I've got to ask you because they're
playing that song we are the champions
we got 14s left now got France against
Belgium England against Croatia
out of those four well we'll be the
champions in European well if we go by
what we've seen in terms of play and
then I I know means does that count for
anything now but then a Belgium Croatia
final will be the one that is you know
the most realistic one because they are
the two teams that has played the best
football they've had the best what
they've been consistent you know but
mass graves are playing England England
has been they've been they've been very
very good at what they've been given but
I don't think we've seen England under
pressure yet
so obviously Croatia depending on uh how
much energy that they had left in four
days time I think can we use the phrase
battle-hardened when you've been through
two sets of extra time and she tells
does it involved a new strength in you I
think so yeah absolutely
honestly I don't think it's going to
count for anything once we get to is in
four days of rest and everything
I wasn't ready to go in unless they've
got injury
