I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser report
yeah we're in London
fabulous London city of the future Stacy
I don't know about the city of the
future but it is certainly a city that
demonstrates a mass of misallocation of
capital as money continues to pour into
property speculation if you walk around
central London it is a non-stop
construction site and this made me think
of this mill allocation of capital that
we've seen across the West this is all
we have
since central banks basically became the
economy we're seeing just in the past
week or two all these big banks banks
are the ones that are supposed to
allocate capital for us what are they
doing they've all announced massive
share buybacks tens of billions of
dollars so I think that this new crypto
space was really you came up with an
interesting thing when you were having
this conversation in Paris we went to
see a mere talkie speak in the second
half you interview him but we were
sitting outside the event and we were
talking to one of his friends called
Harry Halpin who is a cryptographer and
he works with all the old you know oh
gee cypherpunks like David Tom and he
obviously is sort of like from a Bitcoin
maximalist background but he had
something interesting to say about this
notion of initial coin offering so why
they're actually a good thing and here's
a clip of you on their periscope with
him so my explanation of ICO is is that
when the bailouts happen particular ATAR
yes the government is actually gave the
dumbest and most conservative sector of
society bags tons of money now what's
happening for shows is that weird freaks
were in the blockchain so basically that
a tarp for themselves a people's tarp or
they've invented their own money and
they basically bail themselves out and
statistically it's more likely to lead
to innovation if you have tons of money
to random crazy people that is the bank
so that's why I think I SEOs are
probably actually a good idea for like
the global economy and whatnot yeah
for the people remember tarp was that
was the program that they came out with
during the 2008 crisis to bail out the
banks
and it was approximately 700 billion
dollars I believe and of course that got
modified over time became 16 trillion
dollars but this is an interesting idea
that Harry comes up with essentially
that we know
bitcoin is a political action the
Genesis block has a highly politicized
statement referring to the bailout and
so that is carried through in this
thinking that these types of icos and
crypto coins are the people's bailout
effectively the people didn't get any of
that money it went right to the banks
and the banks did not lend it out they
did not lend it out in a productive
capacity that's why we have no more
wealth creation that has happened we
have had wealth concentration these guys
have sat on their capital he gave it to
their friends we have more than enough
wealth and capital they they had no
ideas no new jobs have been real jobs
have been created just serviced sort of
sector waitressing jobs and stuff like
that then we went into the conference
this little talk that Amir taki gave at
the Maison de Bitcoin in Paris and he
had this other interesting concept that
reminded me of that really fits with
this headline from out of China because
Amir taki was talking about he showed a
clip from Lewis Mumford who is an
American historian and cultural
commentator who was referring about BF
Skinner who is a psychologist who had
that idea of conditioned behavior and
positive reinforcement and how positive
reinforcement is actually a more
terrifying form of tyranny because
people think that you know they're being
rewarded and they think that they're
actually having some sort of free choice
and they have they actually feel like
they're creating some sort of better
society when in fact it's a totalitarian
maybe oh they're at authoritarian
society because here is a headline about
that social credit score in China where
it's actually spreading across the world
China's Social Credit system could
interfere in other nations sovereignty
China Social Credit System a big data
system for monitoring and shaping
business and citizens behavior is
reaching beyond
China's borders to impact foreign
companies according to new research the
system which has been compared to an
Orwellian tool of mass surveillance is
an ambitious work in progress a series
of big data and AI enabled processes
that effectively grant subjects a social
credit score based on their social
political and economic behavior now
we've covered this story but where this
research leads to is that in fact it's
starting to impact Western corporations
Western businesses how they behave they
have to modify their own behavior in
order to access the market and the
consumers in China so the this also
lends in with the positive reinforcement
of that BF Skinner had pushed which I'll
show yes BF Skinner yeah he had an
amazing insight didn't he because before
his work it people were beaten into
submission and beaten and tortured to do
with the state wanted them to do and
then it was assumed at that time that to
get people to act against their own
self-interest would be very expensive
you'd have to entice people with huge
kind of financial compensation but would
BF Skinner showed is that people will
act against their own interest for a
very small carrot a nickel a penny
they'll do acted against their own
self-interest because people are silly
in that way and so China is capitalizing
on this with the social networking score
and they're getting people to give away
their sovereignty not that they had any
in China to begin with but they're
giving away what remains of it for a
score on the social networking which
gives them maybe an extra piece of candy
at the at the drugstore that if they
don't do what the state wants they can't
get on public transportation they get
you know thrown off the grid and so you
know this is now playing out globally
because people who aren't in business
with China
it's creeping into the global business
infrastructure so American corporations
that want to do business with China
China's saying that's great but you've
got to buy into our social networking
grid and social score and American
corporations of course being victimized
by the same BF Skinner like draw into OB
ian's are saying whatever Matt goes
we'll do it for a nickel you know warren
buffett's not a penny on the street he
won't bend over and crack a knee for I
mean we have covered in many many in the
media have covered the negative aspects
of it that you're punished if you have a
bad social credit score you won't be
allowed on the plane they they excluded
millions of people from flying home this
past holiday season but it's the
positive reinforcement that you could
see acting throughout our societies
already look at London it's a huge
construction zone it's a disaster area I
would say but nevertheless a lot of
people think it's great because they're
being the positive reinforcement is if
you're a good citizen if you're a good
sort of person then we'll give you say
this helped by we'll give you 15% of
credit if you go further into debt
because that's the sort of citizen we
want one that is in debt and speculating
on property markets and here how they
have they control people with positive
reinforcement and get them to buy into
this system is that citizens with high
credit scores can access better hotels
rental homes and even schools while
those with low credit scores can be
temporarily or permanently banned from
taking planes or trains this happened to
six point one five million people in
2017 on the government's own figures a
pilot version of the scheme run this
year in Hong Joos city reportedly saw
citizens with high social credit ratings
get free access to gym facilities and
shorter public hospital waiting times on
the business side the Brookings
Institute has reported that business
that pay tax on time and abide by
government demands will get better loan
conditions and easier access to public
tenders non-compliant businesses will
face more difficult business conditions
so look at our system whereby certain
banks get free access to cheap credit 0%
interest rates and the government that
the Treasury will actually take all your
bad debts off your books if you behave
in a certain way if you provide
basically a financial system that favors
them and the people who are the elite
right the Fiat money system is dying and
so people are going to take money out of
the Fiat
currency and put it into crypto and
they're gonna have two broad paths to
choose they can put their cash into
obedience coin which would be this China
social-networking score and hope to get
more frequent flyer miles and a free
wing ding down at the Jing Jiang or they
can go down the Bitcoin path which is
individual sovereignty hmm and you're
opting out of state control and that's
the more of the 21st century and this is
how different states are going to react
differently to the presence of crypto in
some countries all cash has gotten rid
of completely it's completely electronic
cash like Sweden for example so people
now have to make this choice are they
going to go down obedience coin and give
their life away for a free doughnut or
are they willing to stand up and be
sovereign individuals obviously BF
Skinner would say that people will never
organize themselves in a productive
capacity to be free of tyranny well and
again like here you have these people
who are being rewarded handsomely if
they are obedient and they probably feel
like they are good citizens and they're
good people and they wear certain
colored ribbons or wristbands and you
know signalling virtue signaling
essentially they're virtually signalling
they're they're good compliance with the
norms you see this all the time on
Twitter in our own economies and our own
cultures and societies whereby people
will say I have nothing to hide I don't
care if the government takes all my data
and spies on me I have nothing to hide
because they don't realize that in
economic and politically sovereign
individual actually does have a lot to
hide because you have your own free
thought you have your own free assembly
and that is something worth treasuring
and hiding and protecting from these
corporations from these data miners from
these authoritarians the prizes you get
for obedient style are relatively good
you know free doughnut in a few years
will seem like a king's ransom mm-hmm
you know but as more people opt in to
obedience coin those prizes are gonna
shrink drama doughnut to a virtual
doughnut to a virtual doughnut crumb
inflation in obedience point it's not
legionary currency now and so you end up
with the casino Gulick so yeah people
plugged in to their electronic devices
playing virtual casinos all day being
obedient not questioning authority and
then like any casino they'll win an
occasional virtual donut crumb and it'll
fill their heart with joy and they'll
think about having you know some kind of
ritualistic ceremony to celebrate their
great fortune in the obedience coin
world I think you have to obey the time
and go to break yeah we speaking of
obedience we got to take a break when we
come back
the legendary I'm here talking don't go
away welcome back to the Kaiser report
I'm Max Keiser time now to go to a mere
talkie Bitcoin legend Amir welcome back
to the Kaiser report thank you for
having me bike you know you were one of
the very first people we met in Bitcoin
that was back in 2011 and you were
already a veteran in Bitcoin you started
when it was in the pennies just recap
briefly at that period you got involved
in what year what time and what was
happening that was there was a time when
in Bitcoin had just started and we were
all in this for the long game we thought
that we saw the Bitcoin had a huge
potential inside of it and we were
willing to devote ourselves to that ok
you say we were in it for the long game
when you say we you're referring to a
pretty small group of folks yeah like a
handful of people really cluding you
guys including us you were the first to
actually report on Bitcoin yes because
thanks to guys like you who we found to
be newsworthy and then when we talked to
you we found that there's tremendous
intellectual depths to what's happening
there with Bitcoin and so one of my
questions I wanted to ask you is that in
the beginning back in the 2009 10 11 .
it was very difficult to describe what
bitcoin is and here we are 2018 and I
think it's safe to say that it's still
very difficult to describe what bitcoin
is when I hear people on CNBC another
mainstream at let's talk about Bitcoin
they don't really seem to understand it
any better than people are trying to
understand it back in 2011 what do you
think of that statement
yeah Bitcoin is not some investment
scheme it's not a more convenient way to
trade money online Bitcoin as it said on
the original website is a peer-to-peer
form of money that cannot be controlled
by governments and central banks it's
really important we don't lose sight of
that
so that we so what Bitcoin can truly
achieve for Humanity which is liberation
from this financial system in
enslavement as she becomes realized what
do you think about this Lambo crowd I
mean I go to North American Bitcoin
conference for a couple years down it's
grown to thousands of participants you
know the early meetups were maybe five
or six year you ran the first Bitcoin
conference ever of Prague there were a
couple
you know developers there maybe twenty
or thirty people or a hundred people I
guess in total but now you've got this
idea that it's Lambos for everybody and
it seems like that's far removed from
the original vision he talked about the
Satoshi white paper there but and you
also mentioned it's a get-rich-quick
scheme some have said it's a
get-rich-quick scheme disguised really
to get people to accept money that isn't
controlled by third parties that isn't
controlled by governments it's kind of
like seduced people into accepting
something that's highly subversive yeah
don't get me wrong Nick it's great that
we have so much capital in this
community and in order of the
cryptocurrency communities that people
are really putting into a lot of
projects to think about how can we not
just construct financial systems but a
new form of law governance economy all
of the social life and that's fantastic
because as technologists we've been
front we're putting our energies into
these things for literally at last 200
years and for the first time in that
period we have access to huge amounts of
capital to realize our visions at the
same time we have to realize there is
not just capital that will automatically
create value there actually is a core of
people and that core of people is driven
for a vision for
idea of the world and okay that's an
interesting idea that capital is not
necessarily going to create the value
yeah that's a very interesting statement
so the value is resides somewhere else
it's in the network it's in this rabbit
hole we call Bitcoin that people can get
lost in very quickly and the value
proposition is not obvious and so then
we come to the idea of why do these
mainstream economists like Nouriel
Roubini or pull Krugman at the New York
Times why do they get it so wrong why
are the what are they missing they tend
to just totally misunderstand what's
happening here what do you think what
we're experiencing now in the West also
with the rise of their right-wing
nationalist groups and religious
fundamentalists is a clash of two
fundamental worldviews there there is
like an older viewpoint of the world we
just sees the world in terms of like
well we can see what we can touch was
and is something to fundamentally see
that they're all of the questions all of
the like problems of humanity can reduce
the economic questions but what we're
experiencing in the West is something
deeper is is is like a loss of humanity
is a lack of meaning and purpose the
people work their entire lives jobs that
they know is completely meaningless
there has no value whatsoever for money
which is literally printed by a central
bank and there is now a growing desire
that people want to they want to have
lives not just want to be objects or
mechanical parts in a giant apparatus is
managed by an elite that's just trying
to keep the capital flowing to keep the
system stable that the people are seeing
more and more that there's a there's
like a lack of aspiration or ambition
and this is deadening and what bitcoin
represent is is a way for us to break
free of this system of financial or
economic inscription of a vast labor
force of people it seems that
economics has evolved over the past
hundred years since or so since the
Industrial Revolution which brought in
an era of specialization and
specialization to the degree where you
have people in really in slave factories
in China you know assembling products
like iPhones and it's mined nominally
repetitious and so you also have the
rise of technologies like search engines
which for people the ability to
completely forget what's in their heads
I haven't they don't need a brain
essentially because it's being
outsourced to a third party this
platform called a search engine but it
seems like Bitcoin is reversing that
trend it's bringing back a consciousness
fusion in that all of our thoughts are
being time-stamped every 10 minutes to
validate this value proposition and I
wanted to ask if you think that the
current technology which is processing
40 quintillion transactions a second
that's 40,000 quadrillion transactions a
second is leading us to something that
maybe we haven't even imagined yet some
kind of consciousness fusion on the
horizon I don't mean to get too esoteric
err but we've had many conversations
about this technology and I haven't
talked to you in a while have you had
any new thoughts along these lines the I
think think technology it doesn't go in
a straight line you can go in many
different directions
the danger is is a technologist now who
are building these technologies they
lose sight of like what is the end goal
are where are we heading towards and
like so many other technology movements
before them by a development of the
computers development of the internet
development of many different free
technologies they end up just to become
taken over for example like if we don't
as technologists now come together to
organize to formulate like a sense of
direction it could very well be some big
bank or big corporation adopt this
blockchain technology and and
make you something as this mainstream
and we lose that opportunity that we had
to really put something in place that
was able to change your society around
us they still think there's an attack
vector is open from a dystopian elements
big banks et cetera but I don't think
it's a technical problem is a it's a
social problem because certainly within
the community there's so much
splintering going on with Bitcoin cash
and all these other altcoins of all that
focus was attention more just on Bitcoin
and for example second layer development
with lightning networks how do you think
lightning networks how do you how would
you see that going yeah yeah just this
last week I was in a really big
technology conference in Berlin and the
whole whole thing just felt really fake
and it was just incredible to see all
these people coming and talking about
blockchain and technology and it was
just like a form of like mass
brainwashing really but then I went also
that same week to a lightning event it
was a much smaller event like less than
a hundred people Louis it was so
inspiring is so it was probably one of
the best events I went to this year
everybody was there was a lot of energy
a lot of sense of Drive just to think
okay how can we make this thing work and
that's the point I'm trying to get the
technology have a potential inside of it
is there waiting for us to take it and
to use it on the world to change the
world in some way we have to be
conscious of that and it's not something
is going to happen automatically and
this is what bitcoin is experiencing now
is this is this kind of is this kind of
sense of we don't need to do anything we
just need to tweak the technology we
just need to fix a few bucks here and
there and it's eventually just gonna
spread like wildfire I'm saying no it's
not going to be like that we need to go
to Africa we need to go to Asia we need
to go to Latin America we need to
analyze different regions geopolitically
we need to build the tools we need to
organize and we need to spread these
technologies and that's gonna that's
going to take a huge radical
transformation inside of their community
okay so you mentioned politics there
your Bitcoin travels have taken you deep
into politics you went off to Syria to
join what is it Rob rich often rojava as
an economic adviser and you ended up
fighting Isis yeah now we've got about a
minute and a half left can you kind of
give us an update or how did that all
happen yeah there is a group of
anarchist guerrillas now in in the
Middle East they crossed over into
Syrian sites organized the local
population and this is force that really
has the potential to transform the
entire makeup of the Middle East and
it's one of the biggest opportunities
the anarchists have had in the last 100
years and now in a Java they've started
a technology program and they're very
interesting cryptocurrencies and we'll
say the tools for digital governance and
economic resource management so that's a
place with a huge amount of potential
but there's a lot of work that needs to
be done to actually build the
technologies to enable Bitcoin and other
cryptocurrencies to be able to scale to
a national level right so here you are
taking this crypto utopianism one could
call it and introducing it in one of the
most politically hot spots in the world
and well how was the reaction locally a
lot of the people yeah in Rajavi have
full support the administration a lot of
the people understand cryptocurrencies
and the potential of it it's just the
Bitcoin and and all these technologies
we're building they're not ready yet to
serve on a national scale a lot of
people developing these products right
now developing it for individuals
there's a huge amount of work that needs
to be done in terms of
telecommunications in terms of
infrastructure different software
technology is hardware there's a huge
body of development that needs to be
done now you know around the world
governments deal with the legacy of u.s.
dollar imperialism the u.s. Empire is
based on the dollar and based on debt
and one way to de dollar eyes is to move
out of the dollar and into Bitcoin but
that's a message that most governments
are not able to intellectually leap in
direction how it has that what you've
observed as well well in in rajala they
recognized a cryptocurrency it's a very
important tool for their economic
political program which is about
decentralization of the economy if I
just quickly explained they they used to
be a group that was fighting for
independence but then as Kurds they
realized they couldn't become
independent because they were split over
for different states so he said they
changed their program to actually
organizing the civil society to become
to create their own self low-cost cell
photon amass administrations as a
parallel structure outside of the state
so things tools like digital tools that
allow them to govern to manage their
economy without needing a state on a
local level in a decentralized way is
something that is in line with their
political program and they recognize the
potential power of that it's a matter of
survival as well all right I'm here
taki thanks so much for being on the
Kaiser report thank you well that's
gonna do it for this edition of the
Kaiser report with me max Kaiser and
Stacy Hubbard like to think our guest
amir taki if you want to reach us on
twitter it's Kaiser report until next
time bye Oh
