and I might even end up having a good
relationship but they're going will
President Trump be prepared you know
personal puddin is KGB and this said
that you know what Putin's fine he's
fine
we're all fine with people will I be
prepared totally prepared I've been
preparing for this stuff my whole life
they don't say that well for more on
this our T's Caleb Maupin joins me hi
there Caleb I mean do you think most
people share the US presidents
expectations from his meeting with his
Russian counterpart indeed in addition
to Trump's statements ahead of the
meeting we've also seen some Republican
senators who have visited Moscow and
there has been a response to their
visiting of Moscow by various people on
social media the comedian Jim Carrey
highlighted the fact that they were
visiting Moscow made a point of urging
people to register to vote
we also heard many different forces
figures in the Democratic Party and
others speaking up seeming to denounce
this trip to Moscow by Republican
senators insinuating that this seems to
prove that Trump is somehow working for
Russia this is some of what we've seen
Russians Winwood a shop warrant song
repugnant as nails on a blackboard their
enemies and adversaries attacking us
with trump praising Putin talking to him
regularly meeting him alone with GOP
lawmakers visiting Moscow on July 4th
with Republicans surrendering to
Russia's cyberattack there no longer
seems to be a question that the Kremlin
controls the GOP eight GOP senators are
spending July the 4th 2018 in Moscow
Trump's preparing for his visit my
working theory is the Senators are
making sure everyone knows exactly how
Putin likes to be serviced now you would
think that people would be optimistic
about the hope that perhaps the United
States and Russia could start getting
along and there certainly are a number
of forces in the USA that are optimistic
about the upcoming meeting but based on
the
actions of these Republican senators
visit to Moscow it seems pretty clear
that there are certain forces that
simply are not hoping the two countries
can repair relations way to go
artis Keller mopping thank you very much
thank you American lawyer and journalist
Glenn Greenwald is best known for
publishing the documents disclosed by
the whistleblower Edward Snowden
Greenwald is currently in Moscow for a
cybersecurity conference he says much of
America's political class believes
Russia is genuinely the number one enemy
there's an obsession in the United
States with viewing Russia not just as
an adversary but as an actual enemy it's
permeated both political parties there's
actually talked a lot now about how what
they regard as the interference in the
2016 election is similar to Pearl Harbor
when the Japanese have hacked it United
States during World War two or al-qaeda
and 9/11 and so there's this sense that
Russia is now an enemy on par with
al-qaeda or the Japanese during World
War two Russia is often talked about
this way in the sense that any kind of
connection with or interaction with
Russia is viewed as inherently
suspicious or even worse and it's
extremely dangerous and extremely toxic
and it's one of the reasons why I
decided to come here and this morning
posted a picture of myself and Snowden
because I think it's very important to
combat the attitude
you
