Germany's Social Democrats have accepted
a partial compromise on migration with
her Chancellor Angela Merkel making
every effort to keep the hard-won
coalition from just fall into pieces it
was unclear whether all members of the
coalition would support the deal in
order to reach an agreement so-called
transit centers which were to be set up
along the German Austrian border were
left out of the plan but the deal does
call for speeding up the process of
returning asylum seekers already
registered in other EU countries it's
now on Thursday the German Interior
Minister met in Vienna with Austrian
Chancellor Sebastian Curley to discuss
the plan Kurtz had earlier expressed
concern that the agreement might
negatively impact his country but the
two ended up agreeing to work together
to stem migration flows meanwhile fellow
EU member Hungary has also made it clear
it does not see eye-to-eye with Berlin
when it comes to migration we have the
problem that Hungary doesn't feel
responsible for migrants under the
Dublin system even if it's registered
those refugees this is about people who
come to us and that has something to do
with Europeans basic principle humanity
it means we defend our external borders
but don't cut ourselves off and build a
kind of fortress if we are humane we
have to be humane without creating a
pull factor and the only way we know of
doing that is closing the borders and
giving help to those countries and not
letting in people who bring trouble we
don't want to import problems this is
where we have different opinions
you
