they thought the story had finally gone
away but for months on there are police
cordons journalists and that strange
Russian word back on everyone's lips
Novacek can remain deadly for long
periods exposed to the nerve agent Nova
chunk being quite a few months the sort
of thing everything you know it seems
we're going back to normal apart from a
few sites still closed off so for it to
rear its head again it's a bit sort of
right is it going to go away they're
going to come back again I thought at
first I thought it was a just a
drug-related then when you hear that
where is a bit confusing really it's not
hard to see why there's a bit of
confusion around these parts
after the poisoning of the scrap piles
back in March the UK government launched
a multi-million pound cleanup
decontamination hazmat suits the full
shebang police can't say whether the
nerve agent that's left dawn sturgis and
charlie Rowley critically ill came from
the same batch that the scrip house were
exposed to but they have said it's a key
line of the investigation and if it does
turn out to be residual nerve agent it
begs the question how did the big
cleanup that was carried out here miss
it the government insists that the
latest incident doesn't mean the cleanup
after thus cripples poisoning was
incomplete
Home Secretary Sajid Javid also said
that any items that may have harbored
any residual amount of the agent were
safely removed for disposal nevertheless
police say the couple were exposed to
the nerve agent after handling a
contaminated item officials from public
health England have urged people in
Salisbury not to pick up any unknown
items they also gave detailed
instructions for more precautionary
measures things like using baby wipes or
washing clothes at specific temperatures
well you should do that anyway
baby why sure like that do anything I
mean baby wipes I wouldn't use them on
sticky fingers so ridiculous I know baby
wipes anything like this there are
always rumors that fire about and he
says she says and people know somebody
that works either at the hospital at
Porton Down and but what are the rumors
one of the rumors is that yeah it was
something that was disregarded that was
picked up and used thinking it was a
recreational drug
you
