the Facebook algorithm has been removing
content that is deemed to be racist or
offensive not even the US Declaration of
Independence has escaped the crusade
against hate speech check out this not
so frequently quoted grievance against
the British Empire back in 1776 that was
recently removed from the site
he has excited domestic insurrections
amongst us and has endeavoured to bring
on the inhabitants of our frontiers the
merciless Indian savages whose known
rule of warfare is undistinguished
destruction of all ages sexes and
conditions no one thought twice about
phrases like merciless Indian savages
back in 1776 but nowadays it's not
exactly considered to be polite
vocabulary
however Facebook sent an apology to the
newspaper that posted and overturned its
ban so perhaps it's now okay it's a
little bit too abrasive I feel like for
a public forum you can't go out and talk
talk like that to people but I think you
can say your own opinion that's why we
have freedom of speech you need to
change some languages even the message
might be the same I'm all about freedom
of speech so if it's there and people
don't want to read it they don't have to
you know where that comes from that's
from the Declaration of Independence
really Wow Wow amazing I feel like we've
evolved from a place as far as a society
of how we think about each other in our
backgrounds from when the Declaration is
written maybe if it were in today's
language it'd be a little bit more
neutral Facebook incident fits a pretty
common trend in recent US politics
Americans just aren't sure how to deal
with their own history in 2011
congressional Republicans made a big
show of reading the US Constitution
allowed however they had to remove some
key passages that were a little
offensive you know things like African
Americans constituting three-fifths of a
human being
statues of George Washington and Thomas
Jefferson are now being desecrated
because let's not forget they owned
slaves
now statues of Christopher Columbus who
slaughtered Native Americans are facing
a similar rebuke George Washington was a
slave owner I don't care if it's a
George Washington statue or a thomas
jefferson statue or a robert e lee
statue they all need to come down
Jefferson had slaves and I would repeat
that the public should not be paying up
whole somebody's who has had that kind
of background
it shows the absurdity of speech codes
altogether this whole idea that that
words are violence and that's just a
false construct I think it's always okay
to question your history but what the
problem where we get off the rails as
we'd like to say is when you try to
apply today's standards to yesterday's
standards and try to protect people from
words if the words call for violence
direct violence we ban those if the
words are just offensive
leave it alone let free speech reign
you
