built to serve up to 80,000 Muslims in
the area the new Grand Mosque of
Toulouse was hailed as a symbol of
diversity and tolerance the Grand Mosque
doesn't only benefit the Muslim
community it benefits all the people of
Toulouse in terms of culture the mosque
is proof of the respect and tolerance
among all people of Toulouse less than a
week after its opening a senior cleric
at the mosque Imam Muhammad taught I
became embroiled in a scandal in one of
his sermons that was posted online he's
seen reciting a passage from the hadith
which although many scholars of Islam
argue otherwise has been criticized as
anti-semitic demanded legal action now
the prosecutor's office in Toulouse is
investigating whether it amounts to a
hate crime the prefect of Edgerrin
region instructed that slews
Prosecutor's Office to investigate
whether this constitutes hatred in
speeches diffused via video now what
makes this more controversial is that
the Imam in question has actually been
seen as a respected member of the
Toulouse Muslim community and he's the
president of a nonprofit group which
aims to promote dialogue between
different religious groups he's also
given interviews where he's talked about
tolerance in Islam when you record such
preach that you have something in mind
contains a bible detention
the Gospels you don't you can change the
Quran but you can have a new point of
view on what is written to lose mosque
and Imam Tata himself see his remarks
were taken out of context and didn't
contain an incitement to violence
against Jews this translation is
somewhat modified as it was taken out of
context this message warns us that we
shouldn't commit these acts if we want
to avoid the last judgment the Imam it
appears will continue his preaching at
the Toulouse mosque while this
investigation is carried out but some
members of the Jewish community here in
France feel he needs to be removed from
his post with immediate effect the
representative council of French Jewish
institutions condensed with utmost
firmness cause of hatred by the Imam of
Toulouse Mohammed Atty he calls for the
elimination of the Jewish people and
proclaims the end of Israel Charlotte
Dubinski RT Paris
you
