one of the things for me as a football
fan that I found so interesting about
this tournament is the lengths that
other fans will go to to get out here in
some rather spectacular ways in one of
those I'm joined by right now French fan
David Davi
how have you been traveling around I've
been travelling hitchhiking of course
I'm used to heat checking in general but
actually in Russia it's very easy and
even more I will say now we've a workup
if you wear like a football jersey I
didn't even have time to ask I was just
walking with my John my flag and
somebody offered like talk to me and I
felt to technique
I'm sure you have stories upon stories
upon stories but what's the the one
moment that's shown for you I've been
surprised even who makes Penske checking
I've been surprised how much people will
go out of their way to drive me like
usually hitchhiking just it's on their
way right and they drop you and you find
a locker but here many times people
actually make date worse for me I even
will try to find another ride for me or
if I was with drugs when they will have
to stop and they would wait until
another truck would be ready to take me
tell us who signed this him where's it
from
so so that shot is from 98 when we won
the World Cup and I wore it for the
first time at the 2006 World Cup in
Germany and I have lidium Turin here and
he recognized me a few days later I
asked him to sign the game ticket and he
was like but I recite something for you
the other day so I was shocked it will
recognize me
sorry on time I have a cheering area as
well
you
you
