Raymie it's been fine Tina your friends
previous to it let me welcome you all
here the Kremen of Moscow but if you
first of all I'd like to so what are the
express my gratitude to the presence of
the FIFA before inviting all of you to
Russia to the World Cup in Russia which
in kenosha I think this is a good
tradition that we may lay here for the
future the most because you being the
Qataris name food very famous football
players and being very famous people for
those who love sports in your countries
and in the world you are the expression
of this kind of sports of football the
first thing is the second thing when
people see you in the stadium YPA this
is really how do you see how do you talk
to your teams with talk to supporters
from your countries and from other
countries of course this inspires them
to waters and Russian fans and
supporters they are those who create a
nice atmosphere of fasting you trust it
and many of them sure as you know
they're moving from they have come to
our country
Dobrynin I'm eating him with good
intentions I know these regard I'd like
to say that so-called people journalists
those who are saying it see them reach
them working in there has it welcome all
those and to degrade extend this was
possible things to our football fans and
football supporters yes the massacre was
named well it
well known then externality owners from
mr. the overwhelming majority of those
who tell us they will bring good
memories from our country and from this
football someone who can open labels
communists bacteria and the World Cup is
I can imagine well I'm not the
specialist in football but still I
reckon I can see and of course I like
this game and as I can for these days
because in strongest always wins to
practicing in millions of people around
the world are just in love come on 32
teams we have now only eight we explore
next verse from my idiot after the press
Willie must be there believe me you will
tell me Cooper and I see that this
choice of Russia being the country that
will host the World Cup was absolutely
right and we are extremely thankful
before simply FIFA leadership for this
and for those who voted for a country
because for us this is not just about
football development for us this is
about development of mass sports and
football is one of the most important
component infrastructure objects and
facility in still and we will elaborate
a plan for being able to use Marines
infrastructure facilities between
transport facilities for the develops
of the history of our sport the sport
that millions hundreds of millions of
people probably billions or certainly
billion
people love all around the world and
Russia has become a true football
country I think at the latest
since the qualification of the Russian
national team against Spain for the
quarter-final the virus of football has
entered this shows that all the fears
that some were trying to put on us we
forgot this World Cup well it's been fun
Tina exhibition your friends previous to
it let me welcome you all here the
Kremen of Moscow but if you first of all
I'd like to express my gratitude to the
presence of the FIFA u16 you for
inviting all of you to Russia to the
World Cup in Russia
I think this is a good tradition that we
may lay here for the future the most
because you being the Qataris name the
food very famous football players being
famous people for those who love sports
in your countries and in the world you
are the expression of this kind of
sports of football the first thing is
the second thing when people see you in
the stadium where this is maybe how do
you see how do you talk to your teams
with talk to supporters from your
countries and from other countries of
course this inspires them to do sports
and physical culture and also this
inspires and this creates a special
atmosphere of good football face and of
the trust and in this regard I'd like to
say the football supporters from many
countries say mr. Ramos we are trying to
do this as well but many football fans
supporters and Russian fans and
supporters they are those who create
this atmosphere of trust isn't it and
many of them sure as you know they are
moving from one city to another city and
they doing this very actively that tens
of thousands of people can come from
different countries to Russia and year
tens of thousands of football fans and
they are creating this great atmosphere
in our in Russia I guess I'm feeling
because and of course they are able to
see this how how we are welcoming they
see the Russian citizens and Russian
football supporters how they are glad to
see all of them here and how they're
gathered they have come to our country
dopamine's I'm meeting him with good
intentions these regard I'd like to say
the so-called people journalists those
who are family see the reach them
working in the acetate in social media
social networks they made a contribution
for beating down many year stereotypes
about Russia because people now see that
Russia's a winning country we are happy
to welcome all those people and to a
great extent this was possible things to
our football fans and football
supporters yes no Mexican first name
style it is well known from many
countries they are different and they
behave in different ways I Ament on
anything right now football supporters
free home they perceive those qualities
welcome to our country
in order to support their teams as
friends as those who into these football
family of the world directors that's why
they are trying to do all the closing
and so that our guests were feel at home
it's a peplum does not go as we said
already right so they're able to know
our culture traditions as natural
traditions of different people that
believe in the Russian Federation
different cities in different regions of
the Russian and I'm quite sure Malaysia
but just the overwhelming majority of
those who tell us they will bring good
memories from our country and from this
you know football symbol you know and
they will call me AC Baxter and the
World Cup is I can imagine
well I'm not the specialist in football
but still I reckon I can see and of
course I like this game and as I can see
I think the world in what you're doing
well which are really interesting we
have many surprises with them yes please
is the best thing that we like football
but these days ago because in strongest
always wins
I will cut purgatory how they will be
prepared to depend on tactics against
this is this is what made this what
makes you holy this what makes this game
so interesting
even in millions of people around the
world I just in love come on 32 teams we
have now only eight we expel you are
next to us from a minute after the press
really must be they believe maybe you
will tell me
you know yes he should not establish
there is another component ownership of
the world knob is enough like of any
other world correctly this is this
overwhelming positive impact all this
for developing the for the food of
elegance in our country and in our
country as you see people love football
it was really we do a lot for hanging we
invested a lot into the infrastructure
for the football development and I am
very confident I see that this choice of
Russia being the country that will host
the World Cup it was absolutely right
and we are extremely thankful for sefa
leadership for this and for those who
voted for a country because for us this
is not just about football development
for us this is about development of mass
sports and football is one of the most
important components and this is
important also for the for this young
generation to make sport and do sports
so that they could unions anomalies that
they will not destroy themselves quite
opposite they will be developing
physically mentally and spiritually
pneumonia and we of course pay special
attention and we will be doing this for
the development of our durable heritage
soon after these and she will be there
with all those he participated in the
organization of competitions you must
all those age a new construction and the
operation of these infrastructure
objects and facility in still and we
will elaborate a plan for being able to
use these infrastructure facilities
between transport facilities for the
development of sports in our career
actually I just want to think that all
of you who come with you
thanks LA more haste and participate
participating in this event items
immediately European is greater than the
rule and I know I'd like to give the
floor to mr. Infantino please Johnny we
have the floor
