using increasingly many technological
solutions from artificial intelligence
people yet still strive to understand
what the risks of cyber trace cyber
footprint theft could lead to they are
not obliterated unlike the footprints on
the sand theft of personal information
is a 38th ret to every individual they
can become the target of manipulation of
blackmail of theft and cyber literacy is
a prerequisite for adequate protections
I cannot say that these Verbeck
executives are the most unprepared
people we invested a lot of training
session invested a lot into training
sessions we have them pretty much every
month at one of our strategic sessions
that we held as late as last last Monday
every one of us was given a folder open
data on the internet what what we can be
what can be known about us based on the
open data on the internet our own
properties our internet you know when
our family is posed photos on the
internet when they post pretty harmless
correspondence on the Internet if you
can apply artificial intelligence and
psycho modeling and graph linkages to
this information the effect is going to
be quite unexpected I don't think any of
our executive board members would like
these personal deeply personal data to
become available to any person on the
street and today it actually does become
available to anyone on the street
because these seemingly harmless
information posted on the network on the
Internet
it allows people to make very very deep
conclusions very far-reaching
conclusions
next slide please so why ours because
the greatest number of cyberthreats
targets financed these days and this is
widely recognized two considerations at
play here because financial transactions
are mostly done virtually online all the
money have a virtual representation
these days and the financial company is
banks brokerage firms insurance
companies have the largest number of
clients we are practically all of us
clients of financial organizations one
way or another and because of this and
you can see the results of the most
recent survey by IMF and the World
Economic Forum cyber risk is considered
to be the most important risk among all
the risks that can be identified today
you know this morning when I was
preparing for as such and I opened my
mailbox every morning I get this survey
of the media and I looked it up what
happened overnight and it looks like God
above gave a few directions I never
really highlighted I never really paid
that much attention but today I must
highlight highlighted for events Yandex
uses can open somebody else's documents
posted on Google Docs
if you run the query of a password you
can get the password from phones credit
cards and a lot of other closed sources
that people place on Google Docs now
there's a paradox whose paradox is this
Google Yandex users
I think Yandex can be the target of
police questions but anyway this is one
of the most discussed topics cigarette
information became available to any any
willing to access it second message peer
Bank lost several hundred millions of
dollars from the correspondent account
in the Bank of Russia
the attack was carried out by carbonic
criminal group fifty eight million fifty
eight million rubles was stolen a
million dollars stolen from a small
banks correspondent account well this is
huge money even for a large bank for his
small Bank this is a tremendous sum a
third piece of news that I also read on
the news in the press in England they
are create and establishing a special
court to investigate cybercrime 300
million pounds was allocated by the UK
government to establish this court and
the last message that I got in my
mailbox this morning really came
overnight a professor read to me Albert
Sufjan of chief medical officer of the
Federal neuro surgery center in Siberia
he recounted a story that he experienced
the other day it was doing a very
complicated surgery on a
thirteen-year-old girl a brain surgery
and halfway into it
the clinical center came under a
cyberattack and all the computer systems
and all the supporting units came off
which were turned off thank God that
this person was very experienced he's a
highly decorated medical professional
so they plucked up the entire skill Dave
they had in the surgery in the operating
theater and they were able to actually
complete the surgery without any
indications of any of any supporting
equipment he asked us for health experts
fully on-site they installed some
defenses on the computer systems of the
center within 24 hours that was
accomplished he actually thanked me for
our guys coming over free of charge
solving the problem a problem that would
not have been solved by them in any
other way but it turns out that the
hackers simply wanted money a certain
criminal group developed a virus called
purgin and they started blackmailing
healthcare institutions poor again for
the non Russian speakers this is the
name of a Russian accent to ease up
constipation now they are not afraid
those criminals of developing viruses
that can target healthcare institutions
that really boggles the mind how is that
possible and this is just statistics of
one morning in my own name in my mailbox
now I am afraid that this is what awaits
us in the future in a smaller degree so
my dear colleagues let us launch our
discussion I would like to start
introducing our dear panelists I would
like to thank them kindly for coming
over
they are top-notch professionals in
their respective areas
hopefully we are onto an interesting
discussion I've introduced miss Penny
Lane first she is vice-president of a
partner of ours vision incorporated she
is in charge of fighting fraud and
cybercrime at visa
mark Vanderhoff is a general director of
IBM security IBM is a global partner
mark thank you very much for your
partnership and your help
Yevgeny Kaspersky howdini is an
introduction in this audience Evgeny is
a founder and a general director of
kaspersky lab's another very important
and very long-standing partner of ours
and a separate word of thanks should
give to nick bostrom
the author of this best-selling book
artificial intelligence stages threats
and strategies
he answered our call and came especially
for this session he is one of the most
read authors on the topic in the world
now I would like to ask the colleagues
to put the voting mode on and I would
like all the audience members to get a
hold of a voting console and we would
like to understand what your opinions
are at the outset of this discussion
what do you think on the topic and there
are four options to answer the question
what is the largest cyber threat
personally to you from illegal hackers
and fraudsters what a grind as the first
option option two keepers of personal
information the Facebook versus
Cambridge analytical the third option is
other people friends colleagues
relations acquaintances options for
governments the Big Brother
I hope the voting consoles prove easier
to use and hacking someone's computer
now interesting well it would be
interesting to hear your comments on the
matter
I actually didn't doubt that the first
ones gonna win but the second one
actually did so we are distrustful of
information keepers more than we are
afraid of fraudsters II okay colleagues
my perhaps spoke too much I'm gonna give
the floor to the speakers and I would
like to address the first question to
Nick Bostrom Nick internet was created
as a security consideration a
decentralized system was necessary that
would work even if parts of it became
unavailable would you not say that
history played an evil trick on this
drive of the mankind what if the
internet became an institutional threat
to mankind because we created Internet
civilization with a single point of
failure and now we are going to connect
all the devices to it and connect
ourselves to the Internet we often
describe digitization by the ways that
software is going to eat all the
industries for breakfast
but this does not mean that we consider
the possibility of destroying software
and all the industries do you think we
got overexcited in piss in the pursuit
of the unification of the world by the
internet would you not say that the
Internet in this current shape
Democratic shape is going to cease to
exist five or ten years down the line I
think in terms of the broader
consequences
the jury's still out it looks
historically like human civilization has
been profoundly affected and transformed
by developments in information
technology the very rise of the state is
linked to the invention of writing which
made it possible to keep track of who's
paid their taxes and then you could
collect taxes and you could have
standing armies in that administration
and that really transformed human
civilization of course the writing press
in more recent centuries again unleashed
a whole swath of social consequences it
seems possible that the internet will
also transform political systems and
human culture we don't however have the
kind of social science that would enable
us to predict what happens when you
change some of these basic parameters
that define the human condition when you
make it easier to share information or
easier to process information in certain
ways so in a sense it's a big experiment
we are walking into the unknown
with our technological inventions and
hoping that it will turn out well and we
have only a very limited ability to
steer these things I think that there
are a number of consequences of digital
technology I'm personally most
interested in consequences that possibly
could be systemic that could have some
overall shaping effect on human
civilization talked about cybercrime
another big aspect to this I think is
the degree to which we are moving into a
transparent world with advances in
information collection technology
surveillance technology better abilities
to analyze collect the data through
improvements in machine learning and
other analytic tools this looks to me
like the kind of development that
plausibly could have a big shaping
effect on human society and the future
trajectory of human civilization and
I've been thinking some about this
recently I'm working on a paper about it
because it looks to me that the
conversation the debate about
surveillance so far has focused on only
a subset of what I think are the really
important consideration so usually it's
framed as a trade-off between on the one
hand the need to have some security to
find terrorists before they blow up a
bus or something like that and on the
other hand privacy interests of citizens
you don't want pictures of people in
their shower is to sort of be served
tisha sleek elected and leaked or
people's love letters to be read and
that there is some kind of trade-off
there but I think that there are more
important arguments on both sides of
this debate in terms of the arguments
against increasing surveillance I would
be more concerned about political
dynamics rather than privacy
considerations so it could make it
easier for say a totalitarian state to
prevent rebellions if you can see what
everybody is doing who is everybody met
with they don't mind that and you might
be able to nip insurgencies in the bud
new social dynamics might emerge in that
kind of context and on the side in
favour it would be much less trying to
prevent some small-scale terrorist
attack but more guarding against the
possibility that there is a black hole
some new technological intervention that
somebody might make one day that makes
it truly easy to cause a massive amount
of destruction
imagine if nuclear weapons had not
required highly enriched uranium or
plutonium if it had been an easy way
to unleash the energy of the atom if by
baking sand in the microwave oven you
could have created a nuclear explosion
right so now we know that that's
physically impossible but before you did
the relevant nuclear physics how could
you have known how it would turn out so
maybe as we reach into this giant urn of
creativity and invent one technology
after another eventually we might pull
out the black ball some technological
discovery that makes it easy to destroy
cities or worse maybe biotechnology will
be that kind of black ball and then
where would we be if any individual in
their garage could on unleash this kind
of mass destruction and at that point
maybe the only possible way that
civilization could survive would be
through total surveillance of everybody
all the time so to me when I'm trying to
think about whether it would be Zara
ball to steer towards more information
privacy or more Universal surveillance
these would be the kinds of
considerations that would be foremost in
my mind
thank you very much but the total
surveillance and control are inevitable
because we create these systems every
day ourselves and we help our
governments to create increasingly
ubiquitous surveillance and control
systems and when small secrets are being
revealed of what the government can
already do the society actually faces a
question how can you live in this
society in this environment and we come
to the understanding of our options
while we can fight this but this is the
inevitable future the world is going to
become completely transparent and
everyone against that every day make a
step towards this transparent future by
either creating the new perfect
surveillance systems we are all
surrounded by CCTV cameras systems of
footage analysis or by placing their
information online by living digital
footprints this is inevitable future so
my question to you it's not either/or
it's no longer a choice you personally
as a futurologist would you be prepared
to live in this new world that is
absolutely transparent and would you
think what do you think is going to
happen to people to mankind on a
personal level and on the level of
nations of nation-states when are we
going to arrive to this for 100%
absolute transparency where you cannot
hide anything in your life increasing
because the price of cameras has gone
down and it's easier to collect I think
it's less clear how things will go in
cyberspace because on the one hand you
have
better information collection but you
also have advances in cryptography and
cryptographic tools so it's it's less
obvious which way that forgot but let's
so let's take the easier case let's just
assume complete transparency in both the
physical realm and the digital realm I
think it's possible that I could be
different possible equilibria with total
transparency depending on the initial
conditions if you start from a
reasonably good position with a strong
Civic Society it might become stronger
if you start from say with a despot in
charge of some country and you have
total transparency then it might become
an even more solid and imperturbable
despotism in terms of what I personally
would be comfortable with I think social
norms would have to adjust to total
transparency if everybody have some
little thing that they are embarrassed
about and if only one person's
embarrassing stuff is released and that
one person suffers a kind of social
penalty like if everybody is dirty
laundry we're out in the open we might
have to just recalibrate and become a
little bit more tolerant and provided
that that cultural shift occurred I
think it should differentially advantage
people who have relatively less dirty
stuff like there's going to be some
social hierarchy where the relatively
more clean people and the relatively
more dirty people will be put in
different esteem so if you kind of have
less dirt than the average person if
everybody's laundry we're out for
everybody to see it should
differentially advantage the good guys
you would hope and you could imagine so
it's easier and and I think it is a
really real concern but it has been
explored what we could imagine political
correctness making harder for people to
develop ideas that go against the kind
of orthodoxy and I think that really
could be a stifling culture
but you could also imagine a positive
aspect where where the the jerks and the
scoundrels are eventually found out they
can't just go to the next victim and the
next victim because the track records of
people would be more visible and maybe a
virtue would then eventually find it
easier to be rewarded and you could have
a potentially positive dynamic way where
if if the cheaters just can't get away
with it and it may be the incentives who
would then encourage more pro-social
behavior but again I think this is the
kind of thing where we can see these
possible trends and dynamics but
political science and social science
just isn't capable of predicting how
these things will play out in advance I
just people are very convinced one by
the other but I think the truth is that
we're all fairly ignorant about these
new things on how they will roll up by
symbol sure
okay very much you know there's one
question that really worries me Edward
Snowden young guy under 13 he actually
wrecked his own life to attempt to
change the system and it's been several
years since that very bold step can we
say that that was a consequential event
this guy is now hiding someplace in
Russia in a way he is maybe is no longer
in Russia but he actually sacrificed his
life I look I sort of film the film the
ports of this was a completely sincere
step when anyone say that anything
actually changed in the United States or
in the world or would you say that this
was would you say that this was a
pointless sacrifice that was that is an
open question to whoever wants to take
it
young digit maker store I think I think
yes good morning Eugene Kaspersky I
think I would be ready to answer this at
one time after Snowden's relations when
I was addressing an audience I put this
question although you know what those
big eyes and big ears are there online
any one of you abandoned public
mailboxes in favor of private ones
anyone raise your hands one two or three
percent so the question if you just ask
this this question to a common audience
business people in all likelihood
they're gonna say nothing happened so
maybe you should put this question to
the government officials thank you thank
you very much okay my next question is
to mark vanderhoff mark we spoke with
this side digitization is going to make
potential attacks more and more
rewarding in a Eugene has just brought
up a very good point people don't find
conclusions people are inert they live
in a password less world I'm gonna I
could put this question to the audience
you know our security system insists on
two-factor authentication and on
changing those passwords every week who
in the audience changes the passwords
every week please raise your hand so we
are I mean there's not a single hand
going up in the audience
oh there's one there's one okay there
are good professionals in cyber security
of the audience well that means they're
all that they're all potential targets
potential victims without much
protection
of these guys that are increasingly
numerous and there's criminal community
mark we are saying that they're going to
be two million cyber security experts
sure some assessments make that put that
figure at 3.5 million will not prepare
them in good time artificial
intelligence is not mature enough does
that mean that wildest gap remains that
all of us and our entire international
economy is going to be the feeding
ground for easy prey these guys are meta
sizing themselves but they're
commonplace criminals even worse
criminals than theirs that can put a
knife to your throat in a back alley but
you know say that we are facing the dark
ages in the digital world it's possible
new years and if I was a pessimist would
be able to get in the morning in
cybersecurity
we spent a lot of time today in the
first part of this conference talking
about the hacker and the truth is if you
look at data that 55% of breaches happen
because of insiders making mistakes so
hackers are really only half the problem
that we're facing it's the one that
makes the headlines it's the one that's
sexy to talk about but actually insiders
caused a lot of problems because of
mistakes that they make or because the
malicious insider behavior
compliance and privacy regulations like
GDP are in Europe and many other
examples here in Russia you also have a
privacy regulation that is very strong
drive behavior and then of course all of
the new innovations blockchain and
mobile devices and IOT are reasons to
think and be scared about security and
as you mentioned the skill shortage is
is huge so this is a reason to be
pessimistic it's a reason to be
concerned
but as I said leading an organization at
IBM we have 8,000 people and 15,000
customers around the world
we try and focus on how to keep keep the
progress going and keep the momentum
going
and advice I give customers around the
world is to to focus on what you can
control and there are four areas that we
really focus on with our customers one
is to make sure you think about security
holistically I always think about
security as an immune system many of you
will have lots of tools you know
antivirus or security logging or
Identity Management or single sign-on
but how are these capabilities working
together as a system in your
organization and this is where I think
spare Bank in your approach to security
has been very progressive on thinking
about security as assistant and immune
system - we are in a war of good AI
versus bad AI and so we are making sure
that our customers around the world have
the best AI available Watson for
cybersecurity is of course something
that iBM has been working on hundreds of
customers using it but AI is available
to solve many cyber problems that I'm
sure Eugene will get into it as well as
he discusses because Kaspersky's
approaches but AI is an amazing new
capability and we're able to do things
that we couldn't do two years ago in
cyber with AI so in a war of good AI
versus bad AI you need to have great AI
in your corporations the third is we're
helping customers prepare for the
inevitable and you mentioned spare Bank
you do a lot of cybersecurity training
awareness and exercises we are helping
customers around the world to practice
what will happen when the breach occurs
and in the final you also brought up and
I think you're going to hear it in this
panel and you will hear it in the next
panel as a speaker from the World
Economic Forum trolls or Tech Talks as
well it is critical that we collaborate
better and this is one of the main
reasons I was so excited to come to the
I see see here in Moscow was to have
open conversation on collaboration
because there is so much of
cybersecurity that is happening by
criminals that are just trying to make
money that are trying to embarrass
people blackmail people that behavior
across all of our societies is
unacceptable and I think through
collaboration across all of the usual
borders and alliances across the planet
collaboration against crime is a
universal goal that we all share and
that's something that iBM has been very
active in I would encourage everybody to
look at an effort that we have done
around what we call quad 9 so 999.9
IBM donated that IP address for creating
a safer internet and I won't try and
describe all of that here but is I think
a very sincere effort to donate to the
greater good of a safe Internet and to
collaborate internationally on
cybersecurity so for me that's that's
the key treat security like an immune
system have great AI prepare for the
inevitable response and let's all
collaborate together to solve this
problem mark thank you very much I can
confirm for us the partnership with IBM
is critically important I can say that
was even more important than critical
beyond critical initially when we were
at the onset of establishing around
cybersecurity capability we've we really
got outstanding partnership
thank you very much for your partnership
and think if your personal
another question that I would like to
ask is to as big a professional from
visa that executes all our transactions
inside Russia Russia with all three
company is in charge of a whole lot of
transactions and visas largest cyber
security level and visa is very high we
know that we are in constant cooperation
penny my question to you is this last
year when the head of cyber security had
his Ratkin asked how can company how can
a company protect itself against cyber
crime her answer was very simple put
together a small team of engineers and
have them only do patches now you see
the whole picture you cooperate with all
the banks in the world with all the
financial organizations you have the
highest top level view are you not
afraid that the risks of failure in the
banks i2 systems are becoming
increasingly frequent could lead to a
loss of progress in the development of
these systems because all those smart
engineers will only be tossed with
troubleshooting shooting the trouble
caused by criminals as opposed to
advancing the systems themselves
would you say that there can be a
balance between the speed of progress
cybersecurity you know there's we have a
very frequent argument going on between
the business people and the
cybersecurity people because the
business is one bringing new features
online you capabilities online bring
them to the customers cybersecurity is
always against ads sometimes that is
escalated to my level as high as that
and we sometimes have to say that we are
too big a bank to experiment and
jeopardize our clients security should
come first but then again on our level
that decelerates progress very often
what is the look of this globally thank
you for the question for having me
I believe that security should enable
the business as seamlessly as possible
and that in order to effectively deter
cyber criminals it's important to
understand both their motivation as well
as their skill level because once you
understand this and you can more
effectively allocate your own resources
and you can do smart allocation of your
resources as we're aware the vast
majority of cyber crimes are carried out
by organized crime groups that have
sophisticated attack tools at their
disposal and the goal of these groups is
simply to make money as quickly and
easily as possible
this is a business to these people it's
an illegal business but um it's still
run as a business with profits and
losses and things like that so they will
go after whatever is the easiest victim
and that's why they've come after
digital digital anything digital because
it's a very booming industry for them
over 600 billion to 1 trillion dollars a
year in in losses so to do I see our job
is making their job very difficult so
it's not profitable for them to come
against us if you look at some of the
reports like the latest Verizon
data breach report they say that between
50 and 80% of the vulnerabilities that
are targeted are low to medium severity
issues there was also a report by a
company called record in the future
recently they looked at the
vulnerabilities that are exploited by
these attackers
in the top 10 of the top 10 some of
these were Microsoft related and the
other three were Adobe so that suggests
that if you're say a small business just
by simply patching Microsoft and Adobe
you will deter maybe 50 percent of these
attacks and I expect that's what miss
Adkins was referring to in her comment
but there are of course other aspects
that you have to take into account
besides you know just basic patching
backing up your systems and then testing
the restoration of those systems is very
important especially with all the
ransomware attacks that are going out
today and then remember when I said the
motivation of these people is to make
money as easily and quickly as possible
time is something we don't talk about a
lot but it's it's incredibly important
how fast can you recognize that someone
has infiltrated your systems and once
you recognize that how quickly can you
get them out what do you do
so regular incident response exercises
such as spear Bank had demonstrated for
us yesterday are imperative and most
organizations just don't do that also
making sure that you have a team
available off hours to respond to
incidents is crucial so my team's we
have one team that monitors all the ATMs
globally for unusual amounts of
withdrawals which would indicate
possibly a financial institution has
been compromised and they're monetizing
by taking out funds through ATMs most of
the time and we detect these types of
attacks my teams will try to contact the
bank right to see what's going on
and almost always there's no one
available because it's a weekend or a
holiday this happened in the Swift
attacks in Banco Bangladesh you know
breakdown in communication and
availability so I think that's
imperative as well as far as monies and
investment I think it's very easy to
become over tooled to to spend too much
money on the latest security products
and technologies and I think they're a
good thing if you have the staff to be
able to monitor and interpret the
results if you don't have the staff to
do it I would hire another company to do
it on your behalf
I've we also oversee all payments
related breaches that occur globally my
team does and we oversee the
investigations oversee the forensics we
meet mitigations and remediations I've
seen examples of where merchants were
breached and they had the best IPS
intrusion prevention systems in the
market but they weren't reading the logs
and they got the alert but nobody looked
at it so what was the point of investing
all those monies I also saw a bank that
was compromised through a phishing
attack phishing attacks are interesting
I think that in the end anyone's going
to click on a fiction email I don't
think you can win I think it's smart to
educate your staff about it but I think
you have to be prepared that someone is
going to click because you only need one
person in your organization to click on
that link and then you could be
exploited but you know those phishing
attacks if you look at what is it
they're actually taking advantage of a
vulnerability that you have in your
system so if you've patched your
Microsoft and your Adobe once they've
clicked they may not be able to get in
into your systems this one bank that was
attacked that way you know what happens
we help them mitigate their problems
they deployed all sorts of nice tools
and life went on unfortunately the same
Bank six months later came up on our
monitors and they were attacked again
same exact methodology it was a phishing
email even sent to the same employee
again same employee twice they had
deployed all these security tools the
vendors had given them six months of a
free license and they forgot to pay for
the license to renew it and the
attackers were watching their systems
and as soon as that license expired they
went back in so there's a kind of some
examples of why tools are good but if
you're not watching them carefully they
may not be that that good we also try to
deploy the strategy of keeping the
attackers on their toes at all times
like never quite knowing how we're going
to respond so that to be successful
they've got to not only have knowledge
and experience in multiple disciplines
but that they can get through so I guess
I want to say is a lot of people talk
about layered security and how important
layered security is and I am I
it's good for basic but I think you need
a dynamic security I don't think you
should react the same way every time
that's too easy to guess right so we
have different reactions and different
defenses may be based on time may be
based on where you're coming from so
that you never know again I want to make
it so hard that they say ah you know
Michael who I go for visa you know we'll
go somewhere else this is too difficult
the other thing is we try to counter
their actions multiple ways not only by
hardening our defenses we also as I said
we see all the breaches that occur
globally will we pull out what we call
the indicators of compromise or the
attack patterns they're used and then we
look for commonalities amongst breach
events
and when we see a commonality we will
send out alerts to our partners
notifying them what they should be
looking for so they can better apply
defenses to their systems in addition
we'll use that information to build out
a the network that the criminals are
using to carry out these attacks because
typically they like I said it's a
business so if they've already set up
some command and control servers to
attack you they're gonna reuse those
over and over I've seen some attack
servers on the internet for years just
sitting out there so what we do is we
look at this infrastructure we build out
a model of it we create what we call
case reports that identify the most
pervasive and damaging digital
infrastructure used by organized crime
groups we have it reviewed by our legal
department we take out any mention of
who the victims were but we share that
with law enforcement who goes through
Interpol and through the global law
enforcement agencies to both bring those
criminals to justice if we can find out
who they are and if not at a minimum
disrupt their activities so take down
those domain names they're using over
and over again take down those IP
addresses or email addresses anything
that they're using will disrupt it
because then they have to rebuild it
which they probably will but each time
they rebuild it it's it's difficult to
do because these are very technical
systems also increases the likelihood
they're going to get caught because
they're probably building out these
systems illegally and by partnering with
organizations such as yourselves and
others in the community then we can
build the best defense to what they're
doing because they're counting on the
fact that we will not cooperate I've
seen chatter in the dark web where they
they laugh at us they say oh you know
the you know the you know the criminals
are in one country the victims are in
another maybe the way they're monetizing
is in a third country and they're
betting on that we will not only
cooperate
won't be timely either and they'll be
long gone
thank you very much thank you for your
very interesting speech marker you would
like to add something I want to just
support and summarize one part that
penny said and also coming out of the
comments around patching is that at a
conference like this we'll spend a lot
of time talking about the most advanced
attacker and the most advanced defenses
and I think what penny has pointed out
is something that I see across across
the world too is the focus on basics of
security can make a big difference and
we go to customers that have had a
breach they just to summarize really
penny said it all they don't have good
password management they don't have good
patch management they don't have good
logging and monitoring they don't have
good user awareness so this is not
always about really advanced topics it's
getting the boring basic parts of
security working well can make a big
difference and that's what penny said in
the beginning make yourself much harder
to attack than your neighbor is part of
of this and getting the basics right is
a really important step in that just
underscore
thank you very much
penny thank you very much mark I'd like
to put the question so you have Jenny
Kaspersky if Kenny the growth of cyber
threats in the world led to the growth
of digital protection it and what we see
with your company is a good example
that's a bad example mr. Grafton
yeah well perhaps it's a bad example but
anyway messengers were the first to
become the elements in doubt and
antivirus services including your
service and anyway the digitalization
leads to the fact that
the companies are concerned about buying
the third-party solutions and solutions
from other countries this kind of
hysteria that is coming on
however the digital world is
interconnected there is no country in
the world that will be able to produce
all the range of goods and services to
sustain itself what do you think how do
you think the world will respond to this
challenge what would happen would the
government require to create the open
source software for to be exported will
there be a large-scale localization of
the development of the software like we
see with the data storage or there will
be more and more owners and
orchestrators of the ecosystem what do
you think is the scenario that we're
moving a lot I have quite a record in
cybersecurity I'm an optimist so to
speak but at the same time I work in
cybersecurity so this is a kind of a
problem for me really all the security
experts have paranoia that's a
professional trait at the same time I'm
an optimist I think that we will be able
to survive I think that's in the future
the world would be better better
organized and would be more transparent
if you talk about the protectionism
trends yes they are happening and I was
impacted very severely because it we're
not only talking about geopolitics in my
case but you know we are doing great job
that means that we hamper the efforts
not only of cyber criminals but the
efforts of some countries and that means
that we are where attacks were pressured
but don't worry we do our job well still
let them attack us one of the first
questions that was voiced
that closely resonates with the question
that you have would be but the thing
that you have said just now would the
barriers would the borders between the
states help improve and save the
situation no they won't because in such
large countries as Russia will always
have the criminals they do not need the
borders and even the criminals from
other countries will find a way to
filter through these borders this
national borders and then there is an
interesting question the question of
existence of global existence of local
existence existence of the transparent
and global and national cyberspace and
at the same time the technical
revolution the problem of the
transparent Internet is only the problem
of an individual level it's not only the
problem that you interact with each
other and someone sees that conversation
or some money are stolen from you so
that there are some criminals that look
when you call uber taxi to go to work to
get into your flat now this is the kind
of a first level the basic layer but
what is actually happening right now is
that we face a much more larger
challenge the Industrial Revolution 4.0
the fourth Industrial Revolution when of
the manufacturing is directly related
with the consumer
for instance yeah this is this was
prepared actually beforehand I try to
understand how to explain that for
instance you want to organize air
conference so you want to build this
this whole from the scratch you need
some you need some balls you need some
some installation materials so we need
some some hardware really what do you do
you have a plan you have a design you
have a template you push a button all
that is sent to your employees some of
your employees are responsible for the
lamps some responsible for the monitors
and so on and so forth
at the same time this this order does
not go to
the storage facility it goes to the
manufacturer and when you push the
button the manufacturer manufacturing
facility is actually starting to to put
this bolts on and then the drone the
drone comes and delivers all that to you
that means that between the producer and
the user this distance is zero so is
internet the time delivery that's only
you need that's the only thing you need
to wait for no need for the source
houses that means that the companies
that wood will work in the traditional
mode they would lose their competitive
edge
comparing to those who will be fully
digitized and those who'll be fully
digitized they would have to open
everything to publish everything online
and that means that they will be
torpedoed in a digital sense and they
will and their existence so there are
two options either you're a bankrupt or
you're just dead so what can you do
about that who is to blame well who is
to blame
well obviously the developers are to
blame that's understandable what can we
do about it what's to be done I think we
need to hope to change the whole concept
we need to move away from the concept of
security to the concept of immune system
in digital security digital immune
system the immune system means that a
hack must be more expensive than
potential damage the price of the hack
of the attack must be higher than the
potential profit a notional turbine it
should be more expensive than the price
of the actual turbine plus the obvious
replacement costs and the collateral
damage
how can we calculate this my answer is
yes we can calculate this
these developments are at the top of the
priority list of my company they
guarantee the immunity antivirus
software isn't going to change this and
antivirus software is going to be a
simple patch of a small order the immune
system is the introduction of a
multi-layered protection system immunity
is the protective barrier what you
control from what it comes to you and
what goes into the web the control of
the enterprise network different things
operated with different logics that
control of what happens on individual
devices on the network provided that is
based on standard operating systems but
the best solution and this is completely
armored completely shell proof a secure
platform a platform secure in and of
itself that controls the behavior of
applications itself monitors in the book
itself and that platform guarantee is
that very immunity and there you can
actually calculate how much an attack
cost how much
hacking a key would cost how much the
contractor would cost and that is
calculable I mean I do apologize for you
know there's unabashed go and
advertising but at the end of the day
this is a message that I'm this is a
message that I'm trying to bring home to
the businesses getting yourself geared
up with the Industrial Revolution 4.0
and this is for many companies to take
to world cyber security develop the
immune system work on the system will
guarantee that the heck would be more
expensive than the damage that's gone
that's gonna be the happy ever after
Regine very good point about the immune
system but let me tell you about a real
case
not a single chief executive officer in
the world or at least 99 percent of CEOs
understand nothing in cybersecurity or
do not understand cybersecurity deeply
enough and they've got IT experts all
cyber security experts some guys are
advanced enough to have a cybersecurity
department and those guys are telling
them with such a genius as a CEO and
it's every CEO is convinced that they
are geniuses and that genius could only
hire genius cybersecurity officer the
flattery is galore assurances arrive
those guys got hacked our neighbors got
hacked but you've got me you can forget
about the problems I looked into this
nice Bank got fifty eight million stolen
from it and I'm looking at this message
when they did get hacked they are trying
to sweep this under the car under the
carpet so that the CEO does not know let
alone the public and then his and then
the guy says you know we are geniuses
but this is an unknown virus and the
message said that this was a banal virus
we want everyone about that virus
everywhere the message said a completely
unknown virus was used generated in some
serious secret labs and explanation
rolls on not a single cybersecurity
expert can cope the CEO the CEO says
thanks to himself do I find some
security chief well let me see this let
me do this if he finds a patch against
his unknown cybersecurity virus I'm
gonna keep him
unless he does I'm gonna fire him what
do we do what do you see us can we give
give a recipe how can you train as CEO
if a guy if a subsequent achieve
actually allow the system to be hacked
do we keep him in a job or not well I do
agree the industry is fall into those
who did get whacked painfully and those
who have not yet been hammered with
great pain I had this story after this
2011 attack on Saudi Aramco when they
got 30,000 PCs backup capability is
wiped out the company was paralyzed for
two weeks
Saudi Aramco this is an expensive
company to run so next year January next
year Davos World Economic Forum annual
meeting in Switzerland a dedicated panel
session actually a roundtable that was
for the oil and gas people the CEO of
Saudi Aramco and all the other big guys
all the other bigwigs and I was invited
to represent a cybersecurity of all
people and I'm walking in sweating a
little bit a bit nervous and I'm saying
yes I'm a security yes I know very well
aware of what the oil business is I
think you are having them scatter
everything is linked like there's
everything is on the network upstream
downstream and they are saying yes I'm
saying yes the attack scenarios can do
that simple hack you can blow something
up you can paralyze something like this
they are saying yes they are nothing all
right
and then the CEOs are sending up four or
five companies actually they are sending
up starting to operate the terms like
vulnerability like cash management like
zero day and I'm sitting there and
saying now you it looks like you have
learned guys so don't you think that all
the sea
do not understand my cybersecurity is a
lot of CEOs have learned to channels now
it's about the small fry and to train
those guys well what all the other guys
did to get hacked the categorically no
do not learn on your own mistakes what
we have is a dedicated training session
for bigwigs for big cities in a monopoly
game it looks like that that's what it
looks like it's a simulator right
simulator of a production office of a
bank or a branch of a production
capability powerhouse what a treatment
facility anyway real acid and you are a
CEO of this property and you are working
as a team
you've got the chief security officer
and a chief IT guy you've got three
there you are under a computer attack
you've got a budget you've got the time
and you've got the tools at your
disposal many of them and of the lot you
need to find the optimal defense
behavior and this behavior either leads
you to get blown up and disappeared
or you continue in business there after
all the big chief executive officers
came out enlightened eliminated ten
seconds ten more seconds usually there
are three guys in the production
capacity chief engineer chief IT guy and
chief security officer may hate each
other now having played that game they
walk out best friends because they
understand that this is the common cause
that they are after they need to save
the production together thank you
I do apologize mark on these topics I
think if you think about a neighborhood
where you have a wonderful police
officer that is doing a great job
protecting a neighborhood in a city if
there's a crime in that neighborhood you
would not fire that
talented police officer I think you
would measure the police officer in that
neighborhood based on how crime has been
going over several years
whether you're seeing improvements in
the metrics so to answer your original
question I think that we can't just fire
CISOs when there's a breach just like
you can't fire a police officer who's
good because his crime in his
neighborhood or her neighborhood
so what I think you have to do is
measure cybersecurity Eugene talked
about an immune system and the practice
and all the things he said and there are
ways back to also Penny's comments on
the basics of security and all the
things that we have to do you can
measure the performance of your seaso
over time what is the patching level how
fast can you get systems up and running
how many people are aware not to click
on phishing the emails I mean this does
not a hundred things but there's
probably a dozen things you can measure
and if that's he so is programmatically
improving your security posture making
your neighborhood safer that I think
that's more important a criminal will
commit a crime in a neighborhood even if
the police officer is good but see poor
Kelly did nice as well thank you so much
we have ten minutes left
I'd like to use them for the Q&A session
you can ask you can put the questions to
the speakers so perhaps you can you can
ask a question please raise your hands
to your colleagues and yes please let's
take this row and that's row and the
third one okay hello Dennis Lappin from
Mike Sisco communications I'd like to
put the question about the Internet of
Things and the device is that using IOT
and we implement them in our corporation
however the question of their protection
is of concern people are mostly focused
focused on their fishes but not of the
unknown the protection when
on the market there will be the most
strict requirements towards the
protections of this units please mark
has a different chip operating system
amount of memory so they're much more
difficult to secure than conventional IT
but the basic ways of thinking about
securing IOT actually are the same
domains as conventional security
encrypting the data having securely
built applications having devices that
are managed monitoring them
understanding the identity so the basic
principles of security in IOT are the
same what I if I were to give you one
recommendation is hire an amazing
penetration tester hire somebody that
can come in and try and attack your IOT
device if it's critical to your
organization and you will learn more by
hiring a smart pen tester or ethical
hacker because they will really show you
how they would attack the system and
then you can go back and do the
monitoring the identity the data
security application security the
infrastructure security elements for
that scenario because for each IOT area
it differs based on where they're
vulnerable so I think a penetration test
on your int IOT environment can be very
informative to determine what to do next
thank you very much yes doc multi-out
see there is it happen well economical
contradiction the less the companies
spent on security that do this IOT
devices the quicker they go go in the
market and the chip of the devices so
the less you spend on the security the
closer is the win on the market how how
to how to fight with that my hope sorry
state regulation that's the only answer
the state should say that there are
standards
that should be used for IOT sale on this
or that country I do not know any other
solution really it's like you know
controlling controlling pills
pharmaceuticals I mean it is strictly
regulated the same thing should happen
for IOT thank you thank you so much well
unfortunately we were not able to to
properly regulate find that
appropriately do the regulation on the
financial sector because 60% of our
financial organizations are not
protected at all so let's have focused
on financial organizations first but
actually in Russia we are actively
focusing on that and the central bank is
focusing on that and it is how the
agenda in the central bank to ensure the
protection
my question is Anna from spear Bank I'd
like to ask a question we do not see you
where are you actually oh I'm I'm there
at the end yeah so the question the
question about the the start in the the
acceptance of full openness will the
problem be resolved by the level of
openness that is characterized by the
new that the new generation is
characterized by because if you talk
about generations in generational
categories children and the youth right
now are accepting the fact that there is
a lot of information about them in the
Internet so perhaps the acceptance of
the openness and transparency will be
one of the one of the solutions Nick
perhaps you could also run the argument
that there's going to be a lot of
transparency no matter what and that the
choice is between a world where there is
kind of top-down transparency and in a
world where there is two-way
transparency david brin
was a an author who back in the 90s I
think wrote the book transparent society
where he argued that it would be better
to have total transparency because the
alternative would be that kind of
governments and elites could still watch
whatever what else is doing and if
that's the alternative it's better if if
you also have kind of surveillance where
the people can watch the elite but it is
certainly striking how much more
comfortable the younger generation is to
let it all hang out and to live their
lives in the public eye I don't know
whether that's a sort of permanent shift
that once you get used to it you stay
used to it or whether it's one of these
youth fashions that will swing in the
next generation and that will kind of
revolt against what their parents are
doing and and want privacy again but but
but at the moment it certainly is a
trend line in in terms of the younger
people being more accepting and willing
to share thank you very much I think
that's all these children this youth as
they grow up they will decrease their
level of transparency because they will
understand that this information can be
used against them yes this is a very
right question right on so this is a
question of generation who hasn't read a
book of Orwell 1984 you remember the
cameras everywhere and everyone got
accustomed to that that was okay okay
thank you and the third question please
do not give the mic to the Burbank
employees like to give the question to
to the moderator
Alexander sustain the international
police organization International Police
Association my name is Alexandre sauce
put the question to the moderator we
talked about cybersecurity as a separate
technology problem technology related
challenge however we think about basic
principles we think there are very
careful words set about motivation
as part of the United Nations effort
there was a mandate that was a that was
initiated this is the initiative that
supports the education healthcare and
cultural areas and that actually focuses
on cybersecurity but what do you think
about cybersecurity is it a separate
standalone technology issue or are you
ready to think about the integration of
this problem as part of the major global
problems thank you very much perhaps
some of the participants will answer
with cybersecurity technology becoming
part of other technology is that
cybersecurity is moving at such a
different speed and so for years we've
we promised ourselves that eventually
security will be built in and will go
away as a problem but the truth is is
that if you think about this the level
of innovation happening for a new
application that you're building for
banking it's it's highly innovative but
the hackers are moving faster and the
hacks are moving faster than that
application so you need to have
additional security that's moving at a
faster speed from a technical
perspective on top of the innovation
happening so I think for the foreseeable
future in the world that we're living in
you will have to have some separate
efforts to build security on top of your
critical infrastructure to keep up with
the pace of breaches attacks insiders
compliance and innovation personal
opinion and I think a lot of times we
talk even with the Internet of Things
everyone keeps saying oh it needs to
have security built in from the
beginning it's never gonna happen every
time there's a new technology it comes
with no security I've been watching it
for 30 years so I think we need to give
up on that great hope that people will
build out new technologies and new
products with security inherent
unfortunately but and cyber is a huge
issue right now because that's where the
fraud is that's where the money is being
lost but I do think we need to combine
efforts from the different
attack types and work with law
enforcement to combat the problem we saw
this in the recent arrests with Cole
ball gang for instance a lot of
countries working together in a lot of
different areas with a very effective
result especially thank you so much
penny thank you for you for the question
that was a very good question I think
and I think that the responses were were
good this is not a technological
problems there are technology related
problems that will happen in the nearest
future there will be quantum computing
the quantum encryption is developing
really rapidly and that is good I'd like
to thank our team that working on
quantum encryption think of like saying
gasp ROM Bank for supporting the for
financing these the development of this
ecologist now like obviously to think
and to appreciate the work of the
academia academic circles working on
that but this is a technology problem
but what is happening right now is the
end-to-end problem what's Benny told
about the cooperation with the law
enforcement agency well it is not by
chance that the UK created this
dedicated dedicated a unit for instance
we worked with the Ministry of Interior
to train the investigators we try to to
train them how to resolve cyber crimes
and we amended the legislation so that
means the work that should be done
together this is a cultural problem this
is a problem that should result on the
level of the nation really and only
together only by joining forces can we
address this challenge this is not the
borders that we should look at at the
level of maturity the level of maturity
should be so good that we should ignore
the borders between the states the
borders between the ministries and even
the borders between different
departments in the company
and this is how we can counter hackers I
would like to put the final vote in
before we wrap up this session my
colleagues recommended me to ask this
question do I want to leave this session
without even starting it but the
question is will you refuse using
gadgets and applications if you know
that it cannot be protected from hackers
you know this image your products that
have been delivered to the market so
there are three options to the answers I
would minimize their use first answer a
second now this is one of the inevitable
risks and the third one I will refuse to
use these gadgets and applications well
colleagues thank you for being open for
being honest
something we started with unfortunately
the issue of cybersecurity should be
addressed by us no one will resolve this
problem for us I'm talking about our
personal personal security no one will
insure personal security if we are a
leader of a team we should be
responsible for the security of from the
standpoint of the leader and I would
like to end with the with it with the
following sentence we talked a lot about
the negative the things you know about
the pessimism about technologists and
other things but you usually want to
wrap up with some good news but
sometimes you fail to do that once a Ray
Bradbury was asked why do you write
dystopian novels about the future
do you think that this grim future is
upon us and he said I write the stopping
novels to know what future we want to
avoid so all our session was focused on
that was dedicated to that we should
know how to avoid this grim future this
dark future no one wants to live in
thank you so much for your participation
and thank you for our speakers thank you
