and time TV and radio broadcaster ed
Schultz has passed away adjoined RT
America in 2016 was a highly valued
member of the team there he's thought to
have died of natural causes at his home
in Washington DC and was 64 years old
before joining RT ed had been for
several years one of the most watched
anchormen on MSNBC and had a successful
career too as a big radio personality
his reporting gave voice to workers and
labor unions and he was never afraid to
speak out and had always wanted his
country to be a role model to the world
and also to its own citizens during his
short time in RT America he covered
several high-profile news events which
did showcase to his talent and
experience as an all-around newsmen he
covered the brexit vote with Larry King
and America's 2016 presidential election
senator in every poll you beat Donald
Trump far more than your opponent do you
want the super-delegates to consider
that and I think they have to look
Hillary Clinton and I disagree on a
whole lot of issues and people in the
convention are going to disagree but one
thing we're all united on Trump would be
a disaster for this country must not
become president perhaps now you
understand why I've come all the way
from the United States there's a big
anxiety over Britain's vote among
politicians in the United States
longtime broadcaster Larry King and
longtime friend and associate of Donald
Trump oh well that's good to be with
it's a great-looking set it's good to
have tea in Washington looks terrific
and it's a perfect day for an inaugural
it's not very cold some nip in the air
there's clouds they should be clouds
Larry eyes a double meaning yeah I think
there are a lot of Americans out there
wondering what's Donald Trump really
like team great to be with you tonight I
know all of you are loaded for bear well
there are a few in the news industry is
respected as Ed Schultz he will be
greatly missed
you
