group of music fans may have unwittingly
developed a way to evade facial
recognition tools that are frequently
used in police surveillance the so
called Juggalos are fans of the hip-hop
duo Insane Clown Posse who are known for
sporting an elaborate style of facial
makeup but now a tech researcher claims
that the face paint could potentially
disrupt algorithms used by facial
recognition software
here's how he explains it facial
recognition generator relies on looking
for a few different important facial
features usually like nose eyes mouth
eyebrows and jawline this makeup
actually kind of replaces the jawline as
well as a few other large features which
makes it very difficult to match it to
other regular faces most of the
techniques to avoid facial recognition
on yourself are generally quite drastic
facial obfuscation such as a mask or
anything which completely hides the face
is going to be most effective I don't
think that these technologies to avoid
facial recognition will be used for
crime right away now this kind of
science has come under fire before from
rights groups who say it's being used by
the authorities not only to catch
criminals but also to spy on law-abiding
citizens here's a hero kneel again
recognition technology has some very
useful applications especially for law
enforcement but it could potentially be
used maliciously such as waiting outside
of hospitals to sell this information on
who was there to insurance companies or
other things which might be more morally
questionable I think there are
absolutely consequences to help tissue
recognition technology is being used
it's important to make sure that we
still continue to develop and understand
this technology but people should be
aware of how this data is being gathered
what it's used for and potentially how
to avoid it it may be better to limit
the sorts of online exposure you have on
social media even if you can't prevent
people who are recognized in your face
you can limit what they can do with that
information
you
