the UK security minister says the latest
incident of exposure to a nerve agent in
Britain is a repercussion of the poison
attack on Sergey scribble and his
daughter in March British counter-terror
police claimed two people who are in a
critical condition right now came into
contact with a military-grade poisonous
substance now so far the only firm link
to the Solsbury poisoning is
geographical interesting to note that
Amesbury which is where the couple fell
ill is just a stone's throw from
important down military laboratory that
identified the nerve agent in the script
our investigation it's also just 13
kilometers away from that city where the
former Russian double agent and his
daughter were poisoned with water the
government now says was a type of Nava
chop as yet though police police still
have no clue as to what may or may not
link these two cases and how they could
have come into the contact with that
same substance for months exactly to the
day also officers have no answers yet
with what the latest victims might have
in common with the former spy our
correspondent Anastacio de now reports
certainly looks like the dramatic Nava
choc saga continues
yet again following this on Saturday
this couple being discovered just miles
away from Salisbury where the so-called
original novel chalk poisoning took
place certainly raising lots of eyebrows
about what and how could these two
alleged poisonings could be connected to
one another and it certainly now been
over 24 hours since this has been
declared a major incident by UK
officials however we don't know how this
couple could have come into contact with
Nava Chuck whether or not they're
connected to the original scruple
incident so certainly lots of questions
now and certainly much more serious
questions to be addressed now that this
is a second novel chog related case
within the vicinity of where the first
one happened and while all of those
questions are of course yet to be
addressed by officials that are now
going to be certainly working around the
clock to try to figure out what this
case is we do know that some of the
connections of course between script
Paul and this case are certainly already
being made based on the evidence we had
at the time the skipper's attack we
would still assert to a very high
assurance that Russia was behind the
the Russian state was behind this
original attack the working assumption
would be that these are victims off of
either the consequence of the previous
attacker or something else of course
immediately the Press headlines also
followed suit
dragging Russia back into the spotlight
it didn't have to wait very long for
that to occur and certainly now police
will be clearly working around the clock
especially given the millions and
millions of pounds that have been
dedicated to the cleanup process of the
area that was said to have been
contaminated in Salisbury with now the
question of whether or not this couple
could have come in contact with whatever
was left there or in any other way
certainly going to be on the radar and
it has to be made clear of course that
the extent of the threat to the people
living in Salisbury and now Eames
variant in areas nearby seems to be are
not confirmed with officials seemingly
having different opinions on this risk
to the public is very very low five
sites have been around Salisbury names
we have been cordoned off as a
precaution and of course it's important
for us all to remember not to pick up
items that you don't know what they are
that's all highly precautionary but
obviously very sensible advice while
officials are trying to connect any
pieces together and figure out what
exactly is going on with all this
knowledge shock locals in those areas
are indeed quite concerned I've got ten
year-old son we live victory two seconds
away he plays out here with his friends
so yeah very alarming we are with a
major incident on your doorstep you know
residential area it's
you just could not imagine this
happening all you want to know is are
you safe do you have to do anything is
your family gonna be safe is there going
to be a further escalation everyone is
extremely surprised and I guess scared
when you live in the area and these
incidents are coming closer and closer
to you
it's a very worrying thing to happen
this latest case certainly takes this
whole novel chog saga to a new level and
we will be watching very closely exactly
what it is that officials are able to
understand about what it is that's going
on here
and as more a disc as DF now explains
there are a lot more questions and havin
answers so far it's all muddled baffling
and downright bewildering no one not
even the British press has any inkling
or presumptions as to how this could
have possibly happened a man and a woman
one a registered heroin addict exposed
to presumably a new virtual nerve agent
so many questions
first off locals are terrified again
last time the government promised they
had cleaned everything up decontaminated
and licked everything clean and now this
how could this have happened they've now
retracted saying that first of all it
was possible link Salisbury then it was
possibly drug-related so none of us have
been kept in any information body place
it'd be nice to know something as we
live it but yeah a little bit worried
now that we don't know what's going on
because I have my children come here and
there are other parents and you live
around here in other words being kept in
the league and again the government is
urging people not to worry apparently
everything is safe again second big
question I spent weeks travelling
meeting military chemists going to
laboratories learning about the Nova
chalks it's a group of different nerve
agents 60-odd of them most nova choc
varieties decay quickly so if the
substance is left out in the open it
decays at water and loses its toxicity
if it isn't it a huge pile but the third
and perhaps biggest question how have
these two survived so far same with the
scruples
how this is one of the deadliest
substances in the world look one drop of
a nova chalk in liquid form is enough to
kill 10 average weight men and now you
have these two who were found and
treated hours after being exposed if
inhaled
symptoms appear and death follows in
minutes if it gets on the skin symptoms
and death can take from minutes to hours
political commentator John White
believes the authorities in the UK being
inconsistent with their statements on
the scrip our Pope proba well there's
just remains those of the scandal at the
heart of this issue which is nor
Russia's alleged involvement but is the
investigation itself because this is an
investigation regarding the Schiphol
poisoning at the beginning of March
which has been typifies by shifting
narratives contradictory information and
the kind of inconsistencies that would
seem to suggest that the narrative has
been left educate from the pages of the
Pink Panther movie script starring Peter
Sellers as inspector
first we were told that na'vi chalk was
the most lethal nerve agent known to man
and that the slightest exposure to it
would result in almost instant death
then when it became clear that the
script poles were making a miraculous
recovery we were told that it was
because that they were treated and tying
with an antidote then they were told
that the potency of this Navi chalk
nerve agent diminished with exposure to
moisture and that because there was a
rain shower between the time of the
administration of this nerve agent on
the door handles of the script Powell's
house in Salisbury and then touching the
door handle that that diminished the
potency was a significant cause and near
recovery now we're being told that the
same Navi chalk that was used to poison
escaped house has poisoned this
unfortunate couple who lived 12
kilometers away from where these powers
were living in Salisbury so the
contradictions are quite preposterous
and it's clear that no one in the right
main could take what were being told so
far it's a catastrophic failure of the
authority
you
