I decided to get ready as thoroughly as
possible so the the de Vaca mascot goes
on making us happy my voice is still a
bit hoarse after the support of my team
I did that in Moscow at home but still I
go out into the streets to support our
team and everyone who allows us to enjoy
this fascinating holiday of support
that's why excuse me my voice will be a
bit hoarse today after active support of
my team and and thus let us start who is
it goes on treating us who is a strike
in football battles unanimously this is
the position of experts and fans matches
are spectacular as of the cultural piece
of the opportunities presented for the
fans I'd like to say it's also a
wonderful choice the atmosphere and
environments are both fantastic it
doesn't only rain all over Moscow but in
all the cities welcoming the child on
the networks of the fans and we see that
the delight of the fans is also
trumpeted in the media and it really is
something you can be overjoyed about and
because we pay much attention to this
development because earlier there was a
large amount of falsified information we
have mentioned that and it's not
surprising because the despite of all
the fields that was poured upon our
country before the championship it's now
quite difficult to invent something
because everyone sees everything for
themselves
however the Sundering campaign is still
there and at the forefront unfortunately
all the media or Great Britain let's
place one for the number of ridiculous
and some others really outrageous
stories are there publishing
the statements of the British
politicians are also very strange not to
mention mr. Johnson's statements
comparisons and metaphyseal Prime
Minister of Great Britain was made also
contributed to that she watched her
concerns for the security of English
fans the citizens of Great Britain
should rather think about the security
over health citizens and subjects of the
British Queen at the territory of their
country not at our territory they are
quite fine you can come and see it for
self different ideas in the British
media for example recently the god and
newspaper has written that Russia has
once again issued an inner attention to
miss may - we did the World Cup
I'd like to underline the point and
underscore what our Embassy has always
said personal invitations were not sent
thus they were not cancelled and they
were not recent no one tries to
specially attract anyone here that's an
international event it is held on the
regular basis in close cooperation with
the international organization in charge
Rus no one develops any new format
everything is carried out within the
framework of the new procedures and
traditions and thus one shouldn't
fantasize about that I know I'm speaking
to The Guardian newspaper in this case
we are always ready to provide to
everyone an opportunity to support their
team and these can already be told by
the head of states and governments and
high officials of a number of states
that wanted to support their sportsmen
and they do it in a most friendly manner
we are welcoming them we create all the
possible conditions for them to enjoy
the festive atmosphere that the British
government and me
through their articles have deprived in
fact themselves and thousands of British
fans from the opportunity of coming just
frightening them off and this frights
were also spread in even to the football
players coming for it
Great Britain this is a story Denny Rose
who said he hadn't planned to take his
family to the championship because he
was afraid of manifestation of racism
and violence in their in their respect
now however the tune has changed after
several years in Russia the football
player has changed his opinion and his
ready to invite his relative to the
country for the final matches he points
out that he enjoys the relaxed
atmosphere of the championship that was
a quote we have said that the truth will
come out for us as a result of these
intimidating political campaign launched
by the British government thousands of
British fans were stripped of an
opportunity to come to Russia just
because they were frightened off by
their own politicians that is not only
characteristic of a Great Britain the
officials in Brussels and theyyou USA
today also resort to such falsifications
of anti-russian cliches and accusations
in the spirit of all ready for that
shameful World Cup and so on I'd like to
remind you the shameful World Cup was
the wording used in the article
published in March in Politico in the
European Parliament a special report was
issued on sports event and human rights
regarding the opening ceremony of the
FIFA World Cup in Russia not going to
details I would like once again to
underline that the group of people that
take upon rusev phobia try to politicize
any piece of news involving the sport
as well as repin it into human rights
issues
it really is frustrating to which extent
people in 2018 cannot grasp that this
falsifications are crystal clear and all
this politicizing cannot even be hidden
behind such documents there was a
significant number of misinformation
for example Sweden when there the whole
set of instructions where it was said
one shouldn't chatter and the fool yes
the supporters of the Swedish team were
told not to choked her on the phone I
just wanted to say you shouldn't measure
another man's food by one's own lost yet
there are attempts the latest attacks in
the spirit of the Cold War
however we are hosting the great
festival of sport which United the whole
world and showed that even rigorous fans
of their countries ready to defend the
owners of the team to support them in
joy and in pity are ready and they can
be friendly and in Greece the atmosphere
of festivities with the eating fans from
other teams we are happy that our
hospitality was appreciated by our
guests and it's really is the issue of
the whole nation welcoming guests
because everyone politicians law
enforcement agencies volunteers or
workers of the hotels employees of
restaurants citizens fans everyone
joined in order to make the holiday as
all-encompassing and happy as possible
so that everyone coming to Russia could
feel oneself a guest flown expected I
was good to read in the independent
paper that their concerns about possible
fights between Russian and hooligans
/ fools well no doubt they were fools
because if there hadn't been any
fuelling of these pieces of news then no
one would even think about that but
someone who wanted to make it come true
they failed we have understood that
earlier the deputy of the chief
constable Mike Roberts on on the eve of
a match it in Great Britain and Belgium
said the atmosphere was fine and there
was not a single incident between
different groups of fans the only case
of violence happened between the British
friends from Argentina under light that
the unit of friends was achieved in the
framework of the all-encompassing
holiday and it's a merit of the
organizer it really was a difficult task
could put in considering the experience
and expertise of other World Cups but we
managed to do that Financial Times
pointed out that the communication
between the fans is held in the
atmosphere via forint enthusiasm however
when people are not provoked then they
will be communicated in a normal fashion
thus it is pointed out that
people-to-people relations demonstrates
that the relation between Russia and the
whole world can be fun can be a much
further from lack of trust that is
characteristic of job politics I would
like once again to speak to those who
were deceived by the Western media
through their falsified information we
invite all of you to come and to use the
opportunity to take part in bright
colourful and first fascinating event
the World Cup in Russia and now let us
switch to our traditional agenda that is
mr. Lavrov a working agenda on the 6th
of June tomorrow in
Yanis a Minister of Foreign Affairs of
the Russian Federation Sergey Lavrov
will take part in a ministerial session
over GCP Oh a commission with the
catenation of High Representative of the
EU for Foreign Affairs and security
policy that is as our us colleagues I
refer it is a debate in fact it is a
joint comprehensive plan of action in
the conduct of the Iranian nuclear deal
so we confirm our readiness to fulfill
our obligations as long as our other
counterparts stick to that and we will
contribute to the stability and
steadiness of the joint action plan we
are going to Cairo for the separation
with trade and economic cooperation with
Iran to protect our cooperation from
extraterritorial sanctions they are the
mechanisms by us that will enable us to
do that I'd like also to point out that
tomorrow at the sidelines of this event
bilateral meetings are planned between
the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the
Russian Federation with his colleagues
will inform you in due time about that
most of the countries being cleansed
from the terrorists it is an
all-encompassing flame which includes
application of military forces that is
fighting the ISIL and al-nusra member
and at the same time conducting
negotiations that are contributing to
cease fire with groups of armed
opposition's they do not affiliate
themselves with the terrorists
significant contribution is made by the
Russian military men both from the
reconciliation center and the Russian
military police groups that are there
and that are highly valued by their
population at the same time the ex
terrorists and militants are given a
choice X militants can either give up
after giving up their
settle their status or become a contract
fighter for the Syrian army the
liberated population appreciate the
restoration of the government control
they put up the flex of Syria support
has been provided by the John Jordan
government that is the neighboring state
and that is most interested in the
restoration of normal function and
shadow of Syrian Jordan border as well
as the opening of the transportation
highway that connects Beirut the mosque
and among it is dramatically different
from the image that is created by the
agitated media from the West on behalf
of the white helmets and other
provocateurs we know about the dirty
methods of work of the white helmets and
we know that the girls and this fact is
not relieving the suffering of the
people but undermining the efforts of
negotiations and the political
settlement as such they are using
analyze it undertakes the cosmic extent
that is the numbers of IDPs are often it
is also stated that it is the guilt of
the government forces that have
initiated these IDPs live in their homes
there are invented story that Russia has
allegedly stepped out of the memorandum
on the creation of the cells this
collation area and different are the
pieces of false news of the sort I'd
like to under fine that the efforts do
not infringe their agreement on the
creation of the south-south zone of this
collision
however humanitarian aid is provided to
the province of there are no matter how
difficult it is it is done by the Syrian
government by the Russian side
and by the UN humanitarian aid is also
delivered to the settlement where
reconciliation has not been achieved yet
in the settlements where the Syrian army
has to combat terrorists people will
have to leave the places of their
permanent residence for such people
humanitarian corridors are opened and
special centers where they can stay for
a time for example job in the daraprim
province where aid is provided to two
and a half thousand people the problem
of refugees and IDPs is not the one to
speculate with on the 3rd of July the
Minister of Foreign Affairs of severe on
behalf of the country's government
called on the citizens of the state that
had to leave the country I'll speak
about that a bit later in more detail
coordination with the government of
Lebanon has allowed Damascus to
undertake practical steps to alleviate
the process on the 28th of June about
400 people returned from Lebanon to
Syria for the present time at the list
of those willing to return involved more
than 3,000 people that's not a big
number but it's a true one and it
content the growth the goal of full
eradication of terrorism at the land of
Syria is made more difficult by the
illegal and absolutely unbiased military
presence of the US in the town for
region they in fact is a kind of a
natural preserve for the ISIL fighters
that have not been eradicated yet the
Syrian government forces are not allowed
to this territory that is quite vast
well the humanitarian access to the
refugees is closed that in fact are held
hostage by the militants in the Rubin
camp if the Latin partners truly want to
set a low loss in peace at the Syrian
soil and we expect them to take the deal
decision that will relieve the regime or
will unilateral restrictions
provide the opportunity to freely buy
the necessary equipment at the world
market as well as fuel pharmaceuticals
food and other materials to restore the
country it's necessary to conduct the
console work on mine clearance rec alone
the other parties to join Syrian in mine
clearance it will contribute to bringing
home thousands and tens of thousands of
Syrians including those that have fled
to the west and not thinking about the
return of the Syrian refugees to their
motherland so on the third of July in
Damascus an official statement was
issued with a call on the citizens of
Syria that had to leave the country
because of the war and terror aggression
it was a call to return to their
motherland after the major port of the
regions were freed that were formerly
occupied by terrorists it was said that
the government of Syria undertakes
responsibility for security and safety
of the people for ensuring their demands
through restoring schools hospitals and
other objects of critical social and
economic infrastructure at the same time
underscored is the necessity of
contribution of humanitarian bodies and
international community to create
conditions for peaceful return of the
Syrian people to their motherland in
this regard it's pointed out the Syria
expect from the international community
and its specialized bodies the relief of
illegal unilateral restrictions imposed
upon the Syrian people Moscow
appreciates that the above-mentioned
statements that bespeaks of the fact
that Damascus is determined to restore
unity of Syrian Syrians their commitment
to the quickest possible switch to the
peaceful life and creation of conditions
for that Russia is going to provide help
to friendly Syria for settling the
peaceful life and restoration of those
destructured infrastructural sites and
creation of the necessary conditions for
the refugees and I did
to come back we hope that the members of
the international community the UN and
its specialized bodies or will not stay
DIF to the coals of Damascus and we'll
make extra efforts to provide help to
Syria and its people to full favorable
conditions for voluntary and respectful
return of Syrian refugees to their
motherland we are ready for
close-caption with our partners we
believe that the return of the Syrian
refugees to their mother country will
contribute to further stabilization of
the situation in Syria such as well as
in the Middle East of the region it will
also help relieve the financial and
economic burden and social inconvenience
is created for the neighboring states
and other countries of the region the
Russian Federation doesn't recognize the
anti-syrian sanctions unilaterally
imposed by a number of states and state
associations we believe it to be a
hindrance on the way of eradicating of
terror threat in Syria and political
settlement in the country on the basis
of 2254 is illusion of the Security
Council of the UN I thought was causing
it now I'd like to say a few words about
the Russian chairmanship in the UN
Security Council obviously it was done
broadly by our permanent representative
to the UN mr. nubbins yeah I'd like to
see that June has been a fruitful one
had 31 sessions eight resolutions three
announcements of the chair were
performed that's about the digits of
Russian chairmanship and the UN positive
it was very positively considered to be
the central event on 24th of June was
the comprehensive review of the
situation in the Middle East and not in
Africa
a Russian delegation was headed by the
Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of
Russia mr. Gershengorn in many species
the idea was supported to elaborate join
decisions on settlement that Christ set
of the crisis and region also creation
of joint architecture of security on the
basis of Russia initiative was quite
positively received including the
measures and strengthening and security
in the person god
it was Syria the most relevant topic
Russian side informed other partners
about the real situation in the country
in the context of operation and
elimination of terror terrorists there
and our efforts and priorities and
political paralysis and humanitarian
contribution to Syria were delivering
the idea on the threat of a little
rebuild revision of the activity of the
OPCW by providing them with the
possibility to determine the coal paste
and Palestine in Yemen also was in the
focus of the attention and for the first
time we managed to agree of the
announcement of the share of the
Security Council on Ukraine on the legal
basis for settlement we had a very focal
discussion on the situation in
Afghanistan with special focus on
fighting terrorism and drug production
special role was played by the represent
invited reporters had all the
departments on countering terrorism and
fighting drugs mr. lourenço for mr.
Yadav from Afghanistan were the
background for the situation in the
Central Asia this
aspect is informally I would buy Russian
the unit a Security Council
unfortunately we didn't manage to to
succeed their jutsu or the position of
the US they don't want to acknowledge
their serious contribution of CSTO and
SCO in supporting the stability in the
region obviously the most part of time
was spent to discuss the situation in
Central Africa Sudan Darfur southern
Sudan and Mali also that's very positive
that mr. Gutierrez visited Russia on the
20th and 21st of June as was it to
Russia during this visit that was
meeting with the President of Russia and
negotiations with the Minister foreign
affairs special a positive impetus was
provided by the events related to the
launch of the World Cup in Russia this
remarkable event demonstrates the
importance of real teamwork in order to
find ways out in a very acute issues
which part in the agenda I think you
remember this legendary videos when this
Security Council was represented by this
by their representatives international
teams derbies we think that the Russian
delegation was successful and the goals
were achieved Russian aligned on
overcoming contradictions and orienting
partners to find compromises was also
very positive we hope that the steps we
performed this year and interrelates on
such important things as Syria and
Ukraine will contribute to full-scale
dialogue restoration in the Security
Council of United Nations out likes
recall once more that Russia will be a
chair in the Security Council in
September 2019 now we switch to the
topic
which were asked to comment upon and few
days dozens of mass media we had pax
Oracle's the situation in it's quite
hard to say let's use the general word
with the chemical incidents in Salisbury
and Amesbury in the mass media we had
messages that our people hospitalized in
Salisbury in critical situation to
citizens of that country from the city
of Amesbury which was nearby who what
poisoned by an unknown chemical that was
the initial information of course
there's quite quite innocent because it
happened very close to the situation
when the lives of Russian citizens were
threatened by the same more or less the
same situation as it was announced by
the British country also nearby there is
a laboratory of Portland town in the
published and now it is being still
published so examining examine these
publications we that's why we postpone
the beginning of the briefing the
representatives of the British police
the medical experts and officials they
see about possible alleged mm poisoning
of toxic all with the toxic all chemical
similar to those which was with the
situation was crippled the samples were
delivered to the secret laboratory to
Portland town also based on the
information coming from Great Britain in
the evening on the fourth of July
Neal masses referring to Laboratory of
Portland town announced that both were
poisoned by Europe analytical chemical
Navy joke
end of quote what can we say regarding
the situation after that hell
overwhelming rush up to from the
official London all this international
aggression launched by the governments
of Great Britain country against our
country against a people in the last few
months we could have said a lot today I
could have said that you know four
months haven't passed after this
detective called the mystery of
Salisbury we had a sequel the second
part with the favorite faith with
everybody's favorite Navy joke
but I'm not gonna tell that and still
there was the military parade where the
resume announced that next parade will
be held in Salisbury underlining that
professionalism and brave Hood of the
Great Britain demonstrated by the Great
Britain during the attack in Salisbury
one of the reasons I'm planning to hold
this events in this very city and
probably a few months and of a few
months after that another poisoning
happen but I am NOT going to tell that
we could have specified from the British
part when will be the next show of the
resume and her team in the parliaments
but we are not going to do it as well we
could have interests show interest that
maybe portal down would refuse this time
here's this information on the new case
if you remember two months ago Minister
for Foreign Affairs Boris Johnson
referring to Portland down announced
that nearly choked what which was
elegantly used to poison script but it
was produced in the Russian Federation
and laboratory later on
recalled back this announcements and
said that they never announce anything
like that and after their foreign office
had to delete their is official
announcements from the social networks
now we have a quite a similar situation
as we understand Portland town hasn't
done any announcements but it is being
quoted officially and it is they're
quite active with that and the official
website of Portland town we checked it
still the main news is quite close to
ground topic like techniques on laundry
we could have asked this question maybe
Porter down will this will call back
this time the announcements which were
allegedly done by Portland John but I'm
not going to tell it also like to say
that mr. Messer said there was no proof
of the fact that the victims didn't
visit the place where money was poisoned
that it was not occasional just walking
by and these two incidents have no
interconnections and after that and the
5th of June the minister the Ben Ali's
says that there is no deal and without
help of Russian did you incident that's
we can feel big gaps in the official
investigation of London in you an
incident and the security of people but
I'm not going to do this as well not
turn this as well we could stick to the
words on the gaps which were I referred
to by a representative of the British
government and gaps and numerous from
the very beginning the Russian side has
numerous announce on the redness of
joint investigation with the British
government but it was the government of
as serozha May
insisted on refusing this help I mean
this alleged Russian involvement in the
incident and I'm not going to do this
today as well
we could have proposed it official
British government stopped controlling
the situation with the spread of
chemical agents and remember how London
claimed loss of control from Moscow we
can enlist number of theorists by the
British media but those Scotland Yard
asked not to do that no speculation that
we could have remember how we were
blamed in propaganda quotes in the
Russian media and those versions in
Russian media but I'm not going to do
this as well we could have asked the
question which is probably of interest
for everybody in the world this question
can be addressed to the government of
the resume will the OPCW be part of the
investigation of the new incident and
still I'm not going to ask this question
today we could have we should present
vacation to the Minister of Defense of
Great Britain if you remember he
recommended Russia a couple of months
ago to step back and to shut up we would
have proposed to do quite the opposite
to come up and explain why this is
happening and still I'm not going to do
this but would have quotes hurts
hundreds of aggressive comments of the
users of the master of social networks
from the Great Britain who say that in
fact after four months and the dicho can
be found and read Britain by any person
no I'm not gonna do with do it as well
we could have announced a lot like for
example paying attention it was like it
somebody spread this information to the
British media they started to repost the
message that one of those who were
poisoned or who was subject to the
poisoning has to say found an injection
with what traces of knowledge shock
previously experts spoke about high
volatility of the of the chemical but
still not going to do that I would like
to ask once more why NATO is still
keeping silence the North Atlantic
Organization what mr. Stoltenberg thinks
about that and we are not going to do as
well today we could have even paid
attention that this poisoning was in the
area where everything is under special
control by police where every inch was
examined where millions of pounds were
spent as we were officially informed on
that infection special security measures
where in the end of June just a few days
before Prince Charles was coming with
his wife not his spouse to stimulate the
inflow of tourists in torella which
dropped after the incident with scallop
alley as it was said in the British
media I am NOT going to officially say
that today as well I'm not going to do
all of this though today there will be
official announcements and regarding
this situation first of all I'd like to
say officially after four months the
so-called chaos creepily is still
absolutely
absolutely mysterious the refusal of
Great Britain to cooperate with the
Russian Federation in holding joint
investigation non absence of a non
presence of the representatives of
diplomatic corpse to our citizens
country to all the conventions endless
attempts of London to manipulate the
OPCW undermine the trust to the official
London the second thing we're sincerely
worried about and concerned about all
those suffered now we are informed that
with the we're speaking about four
people two of them are citizens so we
wish every every success success and
good help to them and to restore their
health as soon as possible the third
thing we call for the British law
enforcement bodies not to follow the
dirty political games initiated by
certain forces in London and start
finally to cooperate with law
enforcement bodies of the Russian
Federation in this investigation bearing
in mind that we are speaking about
Russia citizens as well I'm empowered to
say that the Russian law enforcement
bodies are ready for this work and I
want to say as well that we regularly
several times a month inform the British
side why the diplomatic channels and we
were shocked seeing the official
announcements of the Great Britain of
the British official representatives
that we they expect certain cooperation
from the Russian side possibly Great
Britain the mass media does do not
inform the citizens that this proposals
are regarding the joint work regarding
the corporation's war can be amounted to
the dozens via the official channels
diplomatic channels to the official
London for the sake of safety of
security of people of this continent we
call for the government of ter-ezza me
to stop the intrigues and
James with chemical poisoning agents and
stop building up obstacles to the joint
investigation of what has happened in
the territory of the Great Britain with
the Russian citizens I'm convinced that
everything that was done by the
government of today's MA
this government and its representatives
will have to bring official excuses both
before Russia and their international
community but as it is common for the
Great Britain it will be later but it
will inevitably happen now it is
important to launch a full-scale
investigation we also receive a number
of other issues other questions before
the briefing in order to comment on new
other messages in parallel
The Times magazine published an article
where it is stated that Taliban in
Afghanistan allegedly trained in the
territory of Islamic Republic of Iran we
can omit a say right away answering this
on this question that we do not have
this information the Embassy of Iran and
Kabul did not prove of such analysis we
would like to state once more that
British media it's not the first time
that they make such blames and the
support of the movement of the Taliban
and this claim this announcement said
done against other countries as well
without any proofs the absolutely
granted groundless the links to the and
the references to the mythical Special
Service agents of Iran do not look
reliable it it looks like London is
trying to distract international
community on the failure of NATO and the
result of all over 16 years of the
deployment of the Alliance in
Afghanistan and links artificial links
exit of the US on
Iran program I think that it does not
contribute to the trust and mutual
understand between the states and
political forces interested in
settlement of the Afghan problem we
advise to the author of authors of these
materials to get rid of stereotypes and
try to objectively evaluate the
situation in Afghanistan and finally in
a certain on a certain face is such a
quote of official announcements because
it looks like we are doing that every
two or three briefings we comment on the
situation and with this with this claims
analogous support of Taliban and
transferring of something like even
weapons etc we also asked to comment on
the session of the European Council on
28th and 29th of June in Brussels in
this regard I can say that we consider
the decision or political decision on
extending unilateral limitations to our
countries on a financial economic sphere
as one more lost opportunity to
reconsider the foreign political
approaches so the European Union's was
Russia we regret that they still make
the determinations determination to
acknowledge the artificial character of
the Minsk agreements which are
purposefully blocked by Kiev authorities
the business community for the European
Union are still to pay for this Lexx
lack of flexibility and always you know
still do not understand the conclusion
of the European Union the announcements
of the crash of Malaysian Airlines which
happened on 17th of July 2014 and the
document there is a call for Russia to
acknowledge its responsibility on the
resolution of 2020 166 of the Security
Council of un and to go to participate
in all
in all efforts to find the truth in
justice and those the ones who are to
blame this calls and it sounds like
knows that nonsense because Russia has
fully contributed to the finding the
true reasons of the tragedy inter alia
they presented critical information on
radio locational supervillains on the
air space in the moment of the tragedy I
would don't want to get back to
discussion of the remaining parts of the
crash it was announced many times that
all the evidence has to have to be
collected still nothing has been done to
this moment we would like to that to see
that everybody who is trying to force to
the acknowledgement of responsibility
would explain the miss fitting of the of
the of information that we have there
and the link of EU NATO links are also a
matter of concern like country to some
hybrid challenges regardless on the
obvious numerous manipulation this idea
like the campaign of scrap alley
European Union is following the track of
new tensions in the European continent
and this background is hard to be
surprised that public opinion of the
European Union in this country does not
change seriously to the better the
results of the session of the European
Council on migration is also worth
mentioning which was a central focal
point and it's not a secret that
regardless of degrees of total number of
illegal transform of Micra to the
European Union the problem is still
shaking the European Union and many of
its countries and we regret that in the
final documents of the summit there were
now a reflection of the
situation that migrational crisis in the
European Union has mainly become the
outcome of aggressive actions of NATO
country and a number of other Western
countries in the area of Middle East and
northern Africa we hope that variants
life the decisions of the member states
to balance the situation European Union
will not damage the general acknowledged
human rights and standards on
accommodation of the refugees and
trivial portion of the pushing out the
problem outside the European Union the
Russian Federation which perfectly is
perfectly we're on the migrational
problems with the whole complex of
migrational problems massive flow of
refugees because of Ukrainian crisis
Israeli to share its experience in this
sphere and we announced that many times
in practical sphere as well first Enoch
teaming with our uu partners
we also turn our attention to the annual
report about the European agency for
basic rights that we are the experts the
progress in this year for 2017 and also
presented the a recommendation to
European institutions and to member
states in order to rectify the situation
is gratifying that the office of the
documents have recognized the fact that
in spite of number of specific
instruments and solid legal based
framework of the situation with the
human rights is not perfect in these
Member States and the conclusion that
the EU measures and the legal framework
is not sufficient for protection against
discrimination and racism
in the report so they were reports on
resonance in the form BIA and also these
regarded to migrants and I think
minorities and asylum seekers this was
recognized by the authors after the
document which was also included the
attacks against migrants and violence
against these vulnerable people included
by the police officers the evidence
provided another document confirmed of
the conclusion that in a seriousness and
a scale of violations the European Union
has become a leader in this area and
this is a leader in criticizing other
countries and also in the violation
themselves Russian Federation and the
international legal defending community
a signal this situation almost every day
and there are topics that had been
silenced before and now they were
discussed in the report the term
non-citizens was voiced and special
attention was given to the
russian-speaking population in the
Baltic States and they had to recognize
that one in turn people of the country
of Estonia not belonging to the Tito or
ethnic or group faces intolerance
national and ethnic intolerance and one
in every five fields himself a
second-rate citizen
also there is the massive phenomenon of
this known citizenship in Latvia and
Estonia where hundreds of thousands of
people are devoid of political social
and economic rights and also the ethnic
intolerance to Russian teachers was
highlighted and the flagrant violation
of an example of our discrimination
policies became of the plans of Latvia
are to transit the national schools to
use only the official language up two by
two 2021 and the silencing of all such
problems by this human rights are
defending institutions was also voiced
and also we would like to highlight the
recommendations of the UN Committee of
elimination of racial discriminations
discrimination regarding these states
and the violations and the war honor
their monuments to the liberation
liberators in the Second World War was
also shameful phenomenons that were
highlighted the longing to interpret
this phenomenon as the freedom of speech
is sacrilegious and incumbent from a
legal point of view and we advise all to
familiarize themselves with the
International Convention on the
liquidation of all forms of
discrimination and its
clauses and we also hope that the
European Union facilities and
associations would be more objectively
not dealing with this problem
and the more more importantly to take
practical steps in order to solve the
problems I cannot help about voice can
speak about their problem l fought the
right-wing nationalists in Ukraine and
there was article titled
Ukraine has the cranes and that a real
problem with far-right violence this is
not a Sputnik nor RT and this
publication states the problem with
far-right
forces that acting in the atmosphere of
lawlessness and this also to our the
article turned its attention to that
Leona's is a group c14 and it forms
municipal patrols so together with the
administration of Kiev and its heart
openly states and speaks about his links
without the service security service of
Ukraine as you understand the Atlantic
Council can not hardly be blamed her for
being a pro-russian but it could not not
could not but Ranchin as such phenomenon
and things this the article says that a
European authorities cannot enter do not
wanted to oppose to the ultra
nationalist groups because of our the
fear that that would they would lose the
monopoly on using violence when we
usually hear about that we hear about
the Kremlin propaganda but it's hard to
the to be refused
into too long something obvious and you
Canada Canadian scientists are kachanov
ski in his work it's not a massacre on
the Maidan in Ukraine this published
this article were the conference of the
American Association of a political
sciences and he published video coverage
and images of the journalists and
broadcasting over the host from Maidan
and first-hand evidence that were placed
in the social networks and these
scientists came to a conclusion that for
a right forces opened fire against then
the people and the law enforcement
agents agents and at that time it was
demanding people were demanding to
identify who was playing and now nobody
is interested in that and the purpose of
how these action was to discredit the
government of you know college and the
provocation was successful and there was
a an institutional group which was
supported by Western countries now the
world is not interested in that but in
the publication's of the scientists
tried to pose this question on the
agenda and another topic in this context
I would like to remind you that about
four years Buster's in so their massive
killings in the Maidan nobody found the
guilty and nobody brought them to
justice
in spite of the attention given to these
topics by the international
organizations it is
processes being suspended without the
support of the Western community and the
effects that the process was not
initiated by the health authorities but
rather those who tried to sacrifice at
the lives of our Kaminey crania so this
is not taken into account and the
interrogations and the facts given by of
the eyewitnesses are not taken into
account but venchik he phrased to
himself by killing of the law
enforcement agents with a gun that was
provided by the leaders of mine done but
in spite of his provocative statements
no practical steps were taken aboard the
Kiev authorities and the bench it was
supported by the members of the whole
Narada now he disappeared from the media
space and everything the process has
been suspended and silenced these
statements in the voicing the
participation in such illegal actions
would have been said to be illegal but
not in Ukraine and on the eve of the
elections the official Kiev is not
interested in investigating such
instances I'd like to remind you that on
the 26th of June there was a LSE
conference in Kiev and Russian
journalists were denied access to that
conference but
person in camouflage uniform managed to
penetrate there and crane Ian media
identified such a person and they forced
his name and he said that he carried
special items demonstrating the claims
of mr. cents off and I would like to
officially state that we have sent all
the materials are not this accident to
the OSCE in order to clarify how this
person could take the floor and on what
actions are taken in order to
investigate and double-checked his words
and this is another example that such
statements are not being double-checked
and not been verified in Ukraine and
they ignored by the Western community
community it is 15 days since the arrest
of the chip editor of the affiliated
company of Russian to Russia today kilo
Wyszynski he was arrested the fictitious
charge he is a true journalist and he is
a professional journalist and he is a
subject to physical and psychological
pressure he is in the prison in Kiev and
he is a hostage and his life is
bargaining chip we're in the framework
of for this political science
manipulation of the Kiev authorities who
tried to play with the
because ultra-nationalism and trying to
draw the attention of human rights
structure sir to these topics for their
own interests and it is common knowledge
even in Ukraine in spite of for the
risks that emanates from that but this
case with a cable machine Suki is a
vivid example of how the journalists are
treated in Ukraine and we demand that
cable machine ski should be released and
all the charges should be lifted and I
would like to draw attention to the fact
that the security police detained that
you've added ops Putin like Latvia mr.
Rajan soft it for 12 hours so I'd like
to say that the conversation
interrogation lasted more than 10 hours
we are in constant contact with other
journalists and with track this secret
situation monitor it because we see the
pressure exerted on the policy editorial
policy in the context of such
interrogation and when we receive all
the facts we will make all the necessary
statements and more importantly we would
work with the international journalists
community and the organization
specializing in the rights of
journalists we have highlighted
situation in words of the
American wealth of the Jesus yes missus
to the Russian athletes and people at
least we're trying to go to and the yes
the this the process of applying is the
later almost in months and this concerns
ordinary people and Russian athletes in
April our free style wrestling team
also faced such a situation and also in
June the teams of the horse racing and
the sailing for sports they also face
the same situation and the were refused
to come to the interviews although they
had sent their documents of well in
advance if the USA if a country is
willing to organize an international
tournament it should ensure the access
of all athletes that have been invited
by the International Sports Federation
and they deny a lot of visas or to all
outlets
it is a discrimination of the country
and this is a blow against international
sports what so they are actually
intending maybe to eliminate the rivals
or to play into the hands of the Jeroen
athlets
or to isolate us it's hard to tell but
if for these steps are going to be
repeated
would lead to isolation of the essay in
the sports world because the authorities
of the country is violating now the
rules sir now it is about Russian
outlets and tomorrow they would pursue
the same policy towards other countries
until this is a change I call on all of
the Federation's
to abstain from taking part in such
tournaments from organizing such events
it cannot we cannot connive up with the
country that is mixing the policy and
the sports events and this is a way to
distract this disrupt lacell process by
these service requirements and we on our
in our return we are happy that
Americans which are common to our the
World Cup we hope that it would promote
mutual trust and understanding now it's
the annual report on drugs this is a
report very cool and now let us speak
about the world ROC report it was
provided by urine OTC unfortunately the
developments are not most inspiring
cultivation of opium poppy and coca
production as well as manufacturing of
heroin and cocaine is the matter in
question an important role is designated
to the synthetic drugs and the rose
growing while the risks for the health
of people consuming them are much higher
than for plant based drugs in this case
the share of synthetic drugs grow
besides these drugs are not making the
manufacturers dependent on the place of
their manufacturing a special attitude
is given within the report to the
fetanyl crisis
that has victimized the North America as
a volt in the US and Canada the life
expectancy has been reduced efforts
undertaken by the international
community required to throw up
resistance to the global expansion of
drugs these are the estimations provided
by the UN that was the Russian
Federation consulate called on we are
ready to approve the global drug
challenge our target is building an
efficient system of collective
anti-drugs protection however not all
the countries follow the same post line
in this case we have already expressed
our disillusionment in the decision of
the Canadian government to legalize
cannabis that is the most full-fledged
drug the problem that is even overlap in
the borders of the corners of the globe
where it is grown we believe that one
shouldn't back off one should give up
and throw out a flag of truth one
shouldn't sign surrender documents
instead one requires a self concern and
firmness so that to join forces and to a
win at the fight the enemy in this case
is a common one we should achieve our
goal of building up the world free from
drugs and several more topics that have
to do with the cultural and humanitarian
Capetian while we have been following
the Mexican fans enjoying our
hospitality and the way they are team
played in Mexico with the support of the
embers of Russia festivals held that
were the week of Russian movie and it
turns out to be a good tradition for
such an event has been organized in
Mexico for the second time starting with
the year 2016 and several years ago our
Mexican counterparts have organized such
events in
the spectators in Mexico have expressed
their interest in the films at this time
eight films made by young directors
arrived to Mexico that also contributed
to the interest towards the film of the
audience it allows our culture's and
people's to benefit from learning more
about each other and of course we wait
for the response a festival of the
Mexican movie in Russia on the 3rd of
July there was an official opening of
the Holocaust dedicated event the major
topic was the major role of the Red Army
in the vanessa's in the freeing those
prisoners of the death camps detailed
materials will be provided for you on
our website today and one more point
this year we celebrate two hundred year
anniversary of the great Russian writer
dramatist monthly which stood gain if
whose contribution to the development of
the world literature is well known
speaking about his work I'd like to say
that they have influenced I not only
love the Russian but also of the novel
in West Western Europe at the end of his
life mr. - DNF worked abroad in Germany
and France he was a honey well as a as a
talented writer and a good person
together with Google he was a co-chair
of the first International Congress of
writer that was held in Paris in 1878 he
was nominated as a teacher to a number
of the world famous experts and writers
for example the floberg a de Maupassant
on the 10th and 11th of july the
diplomatic academy of the phone of the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia
are organized the
international diplomatic forum that will
involve literally salams under the topic
Russia and the West in the works of mr.
Turgenev the events will be held in
baden-baden and insu Eric where Turgenev
worked and lived representatives of
literature experts researchers diplomats
members of scientific and cultural
groups will take part in this event and
specially invited our Russian camp at
RIT's ADA was provided by embassy of the
Russian Federation and swindle and
general consulate in Frankfurt and mine
federal agency Rosa Troodon just one
Russian piece found and other agencies
took part in organizing this event we
are happy to invite the journalists
speakers those interested in the works
of the writer to participate in the
event there will also be a hashtag flash
mob that's 200 years to Turgenev please
join the campaign
guess what piece of your beloved books
are provided share your knowledge about
the biography of the writer and your
opinions about his roofs and now I'd
like to provide you a bit more
information on the sort of jewel in
Samara the Russian Arctic Aviation
expedition was launched that around the
world oceanic flight around the North
Pole over the Arctic Ocean that is the
first stage of an international round
the world of light on light sea planes
this flight will involve nine countries
of 45 days about 50 landings and
Alliance 15 in the north of Russia that
makes two men hunter man Sisk Autonomous
Region the Krasnoyarsk regions are
Hayaku th kotka then a sixth landings
for Alaska nine for Canada - for
Greenland three
Islam one Great Britain to Norway one
Sweden two
five in central Russia the leader of the
expedition is a pilot and a cosmonaut
the hero of the Russian Federation
Valery Tokarev into the list of
scientific research is conducted he will
be of the medical biological nano GA
informational column climate and
ecological experiments and researchers
however there is one more topic it's
unpleasant but I have to mention that in
Poland there goes on the Canali around
the monuments that is supported at the
state level these are the monuments
commemorating the feet of the Soviet
warriors during the World War two Warsaw
wouldn't react to our insistent signals
and the demolition of monuments go to
the Liberator four years goes on even
more information comes on the
destruction of the monuments within the
framework of the faulty politics after
in the end of May in the double of good
Nicky tell that is the voivode's
obsolesce key a monument to the of the
gratitude to the Red Army was demolished
and the action is carried further the
support the protection of local
activists didn't help people tried at a
physical stop the demolition of the
monument besides they've written a
number of claims that submitted a number
of protests however they managed to stop
the protest for a short time only the
situation in other regions of the
country is no better I reiterate the
information on the planned demolitions
continue arriving and we believe that
these demolition of the Soviet monuments
sanctioned by the government of Poland
is uncivilized its violation of the
legal obligations a for Russia that is
also the violation of the legal
framework said
by the UN Security Council where Poland
is currently temper remember and tries
to present itself as a champions of a
morality and law however a positive
example is the improvement of the state
of the mess barrel that was discovered
in West pomorskie way was true in Poland
on the place of an assessed
concentration camp Stalag 2d that makes
about two and a half thousand of remains
it is planned to exhume the remains to
hold an identification procedure and to
rebury them with the you owner however
it is rather an exclusion than a rule
unfortunately there is a commitment of
the government of Poland to divide and
differentiate the memorial legacy
interfaith ideologically unacceptable
one cannot honor the memory of victims
only awhile forget in the feet of those
liberating them and those people whom
voluntarily gave their lives to ensure
that the Europe of today survives we
strongly object the poles line of
official water in the memorial Affairs
it was just to distort our joint memory
and history we call on them repeatedly
call on them to stop these faulty
practices and not to trike Maskin such
violations under the deck immunization
you are in the previous briefing I was
asked a question on the activities of
the chairmanship of Azerbaijan and the
obligations that Russia undertakes as a
Member State one of the major target for
the period starting with June and
finishing with December of Azerbaijan
presiding in the organization of the
Black Sea economic
duration is ensuring stability as far as
we know the calendar and agenda is being
formed we hoped it will be most
substantial under through that branch
wise Capetian between the member state
will be maintained
we hope that meetings of ministerial
level will be envisaged as well as
events of the industry and trade type
including the field of energy
transportation culture kapa raishin in
emergency response combating organized
organized crime trade economy tourism
small and medium business and so on
special steps target the broadening of
project planned activities of the B SEC
the improvement of its efficiency for
the development of trade between the
Member States and fulfilment of regional
practices we hope a mechanism that who
was established on the initiative of
Russia the Black Sea project promotion
facility will contribute to this very
useful activities considering the ground
already allocated the mechanisms
attracts more and more attention of the
Member States and step-by-step becomes
one of the key tools to solve the issues
and challenges standing in front of the
organization especially improving
efficiency and effectiveness in the
framework of the organization and
speaking about our cooperation with
Azerbaijan as you know there was a major
disorder the hit power station we
pointed out that significant help was
rendered by a Russian company in taro in
providing Azerbaijani regions with
energy that was also acknowledged by the
media or whether by John it was
appreciated by the media it was also
stated by the President of Azerbaijan
yesterday who expressed his gratitude to
Russia and Georgia
the aid rendered to the country and now
I am ready to answer your questions and
also novel information and agents in
Moscow Baku yeah that's true the
President of Azerbaijan you have to
express extended his gratitude thank you
very much once again and now I'd like to
speak about the World Cup
issue recently we have seen a triumph of
the Russian team Moscow was celebrating
the whole Russia was celebrating even
the foreign fans were celebrating there
was a great number of congratulations
the Minister of Foreign Affairs of
Azerbaijan has also extended
ratification it's congratulations to
Russia and wished every success in
further place it was also pointed out
the defense from Azerbaijan our most
content with the level of organization
of the World Cup I'd like to ask the
following question what response did you
get from the countries at high and top
level a regard in this victory perhaps
someone had congratulated you who
earlier had boycotted the games well you
can sit for self it was presented in the
network social networks at the website
of embassies and foreign missions as
well as us through applying our own
social networks we got a number of
official messages and letters and
unofficial messages from official
persons we enjoyed that there was
significant response of first from the
fans from all around the world not only
the Russian band but the foreign ones
and did any ministries of Foreign
Affairs of the country that illah
boycotted the developments congratulate
you oh it was not the case I suppose
that congratulations have nothing to do
with bendin boycott perhaps some
revision of the boycott stance can have
to do with that
however a number of officials from so to
say northern Europe in particular
started revision in their stances felt
they say they were not going to come
then they somewhat started to change the
opinion yes we saw that but once again
I'd like to attract your attention to
the fact that a while we have to monitor
all these other statements with the cold
not to come to Russia the calls for a
boycott some warnings of a terrifying
type we see that but at the same time
our doors remain open for all those who
want to be present at the matches who
want to support the teams no matter
whether these people are usual fans or
some representatives of support in
associations officials of any country
heads of states and government that
doesn't matter to us our stance is
sustainable it is not only changed yes
please Japanese TV company mr. Herrara
I have a question on the of the Easton
field the leader of an is Department
comrade lee soo-eun of north korea
arrived arrived to Moscow on Monday whom
is he going to meet and what topics are
expected to be discussed during his
visit and were there any new details on
the tunt visit of mentor kim jong-in
to russia no I do not have an
information about that I'll specify that
and provide clarification stop level
mission meetings are in the jurisdiction
of the presidential service yes please
severely neutral yesterday there was a
meet you know mr. Lavrov will be the
head of Jordan a year ago at such a
meeting the topic of a military and
technical cooperation with Russia was
discussed
and did even mention this topic
yesterday or not didn't the
comprehensive situation in Jude and
hinder you from achieving some agreement
on that issue what do you mean on the
comprehensive situation Jordan is
situation with rebels and stability and
stress was inside the region and after
gas of Ukraine claimed that the shares
of Gazprom will be arrested again on the
Brussels Brussels case as for this
question
can we expect any improvement in the
situation and reduction of pressure over
the Russian companies and what the
Ministry of the foreign affairs will
take any steps to assist and to help as
for as for cooperation on military
technical in the middle to the technical
this fear with Jordan the main stress
was made on discussion of the regional
agenda and you have absolutely rightly
said that all the outcomes will announce
during the press conference by the
minister here that was not the central
agenda central agenda was the regional
agenda and discussion of it obviously
the situation in the region or was
covered in the full-scale as regards the
u.s depression and possible actions
against russian companies that's not a
new topic and unfortunately it is
develop not during some years but during
some decades and in a certain moment
when the relations with ukrainian were
developed in the full-scale way the
sphere of energy communication was no
one knows why turned by the ukrainian
side into one of the most painful ones
if it's possible to say so all
cooperation or copper negotiations
was always limited to some failure to
the drop in the situation to some
aggressive rhetorics please do not
forget that in Ukraine home political
process I developed written related to
the electoral cycles many of the things
done I can can be explained by electoral
cycle but I can say once more that from
our side we base on we derive from the
idea that an incorporation in the field
of energy should not suffer the
political instability which tries to use
energy in this rhetorics by Kiev even in
the best terms of our relations so if a
question will be about Japanese and
Russian relations and judging by the
messages of our colleagues from Japan
media at the meeting in 2 + + two
formats planning to meet ministers of
Foreign Affairs and ministers of Defense
and they say that it will be on the 21st
of July can you prove this information
and if yes where this meeting will be
held I have already come to and that
21st of July is not a relevant date this
date has not been announced as soon as
we can officially announce that will do
it definitely I can say that we're
working on that and the place will be
one for me about the place as you can
understand we're still in process but on
the 21st of July I hear it's not for the
first time and not for the first time I
comment on that saying that that's it is
not discussed this is not being
discussed
he is neoplasm special reporter of UN's
own address Jeb said that the sanctions
negatively if affected to West how do
you think this opinion is possible in
the West and whether we can read that
economy and politics will be turned into
a mutually beneficial situation both
we're up in the US I saw this messages
which were attributed to and which
Franco that the Western sanctions stroke
primarily those who imposed them well
yes it is so and there are numbers and
their effects Russia uses this situation
its own interest and was forced to do
that it was not a choice but still as
the West and decided to do attract like
that we had to respond and our response
was built exclusively within the
interests of the Russian Federation
unfortunately the West received the
results quite painful for that is the
airport is not a stone but a monster
actually they're not those politicians
who were imposing that into developing
that are suffering this producers the
producers of agricultural products in
Europe the companies who were built in
relations by in urine many years the
investors suffer who misses a certain
part of their income that's not that's a
quite a sad topic and we were working
off quite long order to use the
advantages from globalization that would
have certain fall backs
and we try to clear the field for the
advantages which can be brought by the
globalization it's hard to see a how
with our own hands with their own hands
the Western world is killing all this
positive and constructive aspects and
the profit which came out of the
globalized world and of course it will
be a good lesson for all those who
thought it possible to delegate a
certain list of spheres to the Western
world those who are of strategic
characters here's a good example how in
the circumstances of misunderstanding so
to say let's use this mild term instead
of solving the question soon before the
crisis they were increase this situation
was really really brought to its extreme
and after the crisis unilateral measures
of pressure were imposed which only made
the situation worse yes we do share this
position it's well known in the West I
don't know it depends on whom I'm
speaking about those people who are not
involved in this segments directly are
not quite informed because the media is
not speaking about it openly and those
who are involved like in agriculture in
the European Union they're perfectly
aware of the situation and as I have
quoted many times the rice lettuce to us
and send messages and express regret
cetera et cetera that's well known
politics and
and it's quite up some of them are
trying to pretend that nothing is
happening somebody is using this
information it's on purpose and we see
the rebellious spirits and the increase
of the rebellious spirits with the facts
and numbers they're trying to simulate
the situation when we were asked about
what political changes happen in Europe
Oaxaca and can we evaluate them it's not
it's not a hand of Moscow it's a hand of
Brussels which were exposing imposing
sanctions which ricocheted into the
producers of the European Union who
later on started to have their own
political preferences and ideas that's
what I would say about that Maria I met
on the Interfax can you please comment
on the situation that claim of the u.s.
to the Great Britain to increase their
expenses on defense yes we saw these
messages I can see that this is not a
single action and the u.s. is not only
politics again towards Great Britain
that's the policy of the US so was its
whole number of countries to individual
countries and to the Alliance as well
it's like shaking out the expenses for
the military sphere of the Alliance and
we can consider in this context the
messages of the mass media which you
were referred to there reference to the
letter of the Minister of Defence of the
US to his British colleague there are
claims to significant increase the
military budget of the Great Britain not
to lose the name of partner number one
in Europe these are references in the
European media if we speak about talents
this is quite obvious and it cannot live
us among the conscience and worried
that's the increase of budget of NATO
does the
strengthening of East front while the
alliance has some obvious problems and
they're much more serious it is all
followed by the increase of
concentration of certain forces and
means by the member Naito member states
next to the Russian borders the Alliance
is trying to protect itself on some
unpretentious threats brings this block
confrontation the development of pro-us
NATO in Europe the intensity of advance
of military training of the allies were
increased in order to perform that it's
obvious that military activity of the
Alliance is aimed at creation the
platform for forceful pressure on Russia
the direct consequence of absolutely
unprecedented from the point of view of
a development of the period after the
Cold War the increase of conflict
potential in the European continent the
Great Britain is exceeding the its
limits by 2% limits of of military
expenses but it was selected by
Washington not by chance because
according to analysis because the claim
made sense about special relations with
the US and should be in some four in
some avant-garde of the NATO bloc
that's an example of obvious pressure of
the US and over SLI and allies obviously
does not contribute to strengthening
political stability and sustainability
in Europe do you have any other
questions yes please Russia today last
Sunday Petro poroshenko president of
Ukraine said once more that she was top
you know he was congratulating the fleet
of Ukraine the professional day and they
said that one day the flags of Ukraine
will be on Ukrainian ships in Sevastopol
agreeing in a fleet I don't quite
understand why this speech why this
announcement was so perceptive this way
I don't quite get it and say what stop
well why they reacted like that I seems
to me that the Crimea has heard the
announcement both were by me and by
Ministry of War affairs and as on
support of all the all the trouble
points I did not share their negative
attitude towards the words of mr.
poroshenko because I see that the
president of Ukraine is moving in a
certain direction which of more of being
more realistic claiming his intention to
raise the flag of Ukrainians he was top
earlier maybe he is speaking about the
general consulate I see nothing negative
in that it's a normal diplomatic
practice which obviously should be
formed in a certain documentary a manner
I think we are ready for that if he
sends the documents opens the general
consulate with agreement of Russian
Federation and raised a flag there I
don't think the Crimean population will
be against that yes please
well if we're speaking about the
president of Ukraine mr. baracs and he
is visit to Serbia attracted quite an
attention of the Serbian community and
the president of Serbia Alexander Lucic
yesterday answered the question of the
journalists he had to comment on the
estimation of the the outcomes of the
visit which appeared in the media and
the
estimate that the way poroshenko was
received in Serbian was not liked by
both Russia and the US Russia and like
how a perish Anka was received in Serbia
yes there was such an opinion but who
gave this opinion that was a reporter of
Russian media in Balkans well I don't
know maybe he was speaking about his
personal attitude to that that's our
traditional position sovereign rights of
the state to develop relations with all
the other states no negative attitude to
the very fact of developing relations
between Serbia Ukraine can be expressed
from the side of Russia in in principle
per se we are aimed at developing the
relations with Ukraine and Ukrainian
people and no negative estimates
regarding the fact of cooperation
between the two countries can be if some
anti-russian announcements were made
during this visit well obviously we
cannot neither agree with them nor
support them actually we are not paying
too much attention but Petro poroshenko
was stating there to be frank this can
be quite an expert attitude a estimate
of the of the report but the very fact
that this is not a single expression of
this attitude that's probably why it's
attracting certain attention yes please
good afternoon grant Information Agency
starting from the beginning of this year
with music group with contribution of
Mia's group of the old sea there was a
group of Azerbaijan Armenia
where the Armenia where they agreed on
expanding the office of person of
permanent representative of the OSC did
they start this process and how it can
influence the sale process of settlement
I will definitely get deeper into this
information will provided with this
information this from Bulgaria Bulgarian
editorial office Maria limited I find me
the political and prisoners and
prisoners in Ukraine this topic our
Bulgarian readers addressed as you're
about to ask about session can no no
nobody nobody wants to ask such an I
don't know why because there were people
who suffer on repressions of the Kiev
regime if we can call it this way the
specific question is can rush assist to
those people who are not Russian
citizens or to involve somebody to
discuss this question that Ukraine will
follow the human rights of the political
prisoners in the to be precise our
Bulgarian readers told us about lady who
is of Bulgarian origin she is now in
ideas a prison for over three years she
is condemned and being a terrorist which
still has not been proved and that's not
a single case because this lady is of
well Bulgarian origin can she was born
and raised there she is now in the hands
of us view for over three years and this
case is many first of all I agree that
we have to look for any opportunity any
options to assist two citizens of your
country that's why I perfectly
understand your question though she's
not Russian citizens I understand that
you're trying to use every opportunity
in order to provide her with any
assistance and I'll to liberate her this
and examples are truly numerous and we
have to use the opportunities of the
international legal organization
specialized organizations like always
see the European Council and etc we have
unfortunately our experience in
cooperation with Ukraine can hardly be
called a positive one today I was
speaking about a journalist named
Russian ski who was arrested and
president in case for directly being a
journalist for journalists activity
without and any link to something and I
have to say once more the way he's
treated the will should be considered
separately by the international
community I don't quite I'm not quite
ready to say what can be done if you
have any data would be nice if you would
provide them I would give it to my
experts and there would probably there
will be some response on this issue any
other questions please yes please
what safar recently told that you have
the roots from ered oh no I didn't tell
that I was in Samara and when I came
there we went to a village which is next
to Samara where my grandfather was born
father of my father that's what I I know
and I asked both locals and local
administration of the village which is
called supplier sugar shontella to find
out everything possible about our family
as for the roots there is no speaking
about that at the moment I can see that
roots are from that region the village
really was hammered of virgin and the
family my family name which I preserved
as a family name of my grandfather let's
do not take the time from politics to
some personal I will definitely inform
you in informal atmosphere about what
rules I do have and what what this story
is about thank you and one more question
genuine spirit of international agency I
just put Nick if I may a personal
question on Saturday where are you about
to support the Russian team in Moscow in
Sochi I will not be in such you know you
cannot say for sure in this circumstance
but I am thinking that I will be in
Moscow or in Moscow suburbs so I will
see you in the streets of Moscow good
luck to our to our team can follow
federal agents news would like to get
back to politics as for the
instantaneous very raise an impression
that the authorities of a Great Britain
did not control the situation with the
ministry is planning to announce some
were warning about the probable danger
of being in Great Britain I've already
stated everything I wanted to State and
I deliberately said that now there is no
purse no what a good time to make it to
get to political a lot the situation may
be correct time to finally stop there's
dirty political games and start dealing
with what had to be done the very first
G joint investigation brennan minded was
speaking about russian citizens and that
the first in the first case in in a few
months we saw neither facts nor versions
which could have wish would be provided
by the official representatives and the
investigation such was such a limitless
references to the sources unknowns like
leaks
etc people who want to do not want to
present themselves it for months asked
half past and past and all the abilities
were done to for punishment and for
there are no convicted now proof still
we live in information back in june or
four months and this vacuum those who
are in this vacuum are being furthered
fed with the leaks which are not proven
by even after they have been published
that is that that's why after they
published that's why i want to say that
there are all everything is combined
wait to switch into normal work of the
law-enforcement bodies and called the
british side not to political
interference activities of the british
law enforcement bodies to cooperate with
their colleagues in russian federation
yes please maybe seniors you blamed the
British government in trains and the
games worth their poisonous substances I
think that that was your strong point
what do you mean you think that the
British government poisoned two people
in a sultry and angry like to repeat
that today the very day when we see flow
of contradictory information coming from
London we do not suppose that it's
adequate to May
political statements but rather to urge
the law-enforcement authorities of Great
Britain to start an investigation
together with Russian colleagues and we
urged the British authorities not just
track to this process and this was the
thing that I said very precisely this is
not time for intrigues and for such
bullying against Russian diplomats and
how could this be called the things that
were done in with the OPCW only
political intrigues and this is the
right time to start a joint
investigation for the sake of the
security of our citizens in our
countries and in the whole of the
European continent this is this has to
do to do with Great Britain and our
citizens were affected and our the sea
sand official documents inviting the
British authorities to start cooperation
and with their urges and calls for
official London to start such
cooperation with Russian side and so
they did not get any response all
political assessment will be made but
today is very important not that to me
is the moment of the start of mutual
enjoyed cooperation
don't you think that it's should be done
in this way this month nobody knows that
what has happened really there
maybe you know but you conceal the facts
and for during these four months they
will be see spreading the information
about the leak linkages and we do not
hear anything but the highly likely
phrases don't you think that it's a
limit that and that we need to pass to
joint work if it was the political wave
that was beneficial to some bodies it
was started but now if they think
speaking about military-grade engines
maybe we should turn it into a law
enforcement area do you have any other
questions yeah turrets are here so the
editors said that the 2+2 meeting with
Japan will be held in Moscow it will be
on the 28th or 29th of July in Moscow
this
Kyodo news agency was cited in this
regard I told you that one we are able
to confirm the date and the venue of the
meeting we will do that and we hope that
you will not be sighting each other but
would cite their legal representatives
thank you very much
