pentagons chief is apparently
threatening to drop the United Kingdom
as America's main military ally James
mattis has written to British defense
secretary Gavin Williamson saying
Britain would be dropped at for France
now the letters been leaked to the media
ahead of next week's NATO summit in
Brussels where Donald Trump is expected
to push us partners to boost their
defence spending as global actors France
and the US have concluded that now is
the time to significantly increase our
investment in defense other allies are
following suit I am concerned that your
ability to continue to provide this
critical military foundation is at risk
of erosion just to quickly crunch the
numbers on this the u.s. which pays
three and a half percent of its GDP to
NATO has been repeatedly pressured its
allies to pay at least two percent of
their GDP in 2014 NATO agreed to
increase defense spending accordingly
within ten years and while the United
Kingdom does meet that criteria Matt
it's noted in the letter that more is
required of Britain but at the same time
stressed that France is boosting its
spending despite not meeting the 2%
threshold that the Pentagon is demanding
now it's all left Donald Trump again
saying that Washington's NATO partners
just expect the u.s. to foot the bill
with a piggy bank that they like to take
from whether it's military protection
you look at NATO NATO we're spending 90
percent of NATO now it's all wonderful
and we like to help out but it helps
them there in Europe helps them a lot
more than it helps us work very far away
so we have this incredible Germany is
paying 1% of a much smaller GDP we're
paying close to 4% of a much larger GDP
now that doesn't work folks
is he gonna get what he wants let's
discuss that with British political
analyst Chris Bambury hi again Chris do
you take Donald Trump's perception on
this then that NATO gets more from the
US than the u.s. ever gets out of NATO
I think NATO is dominated by the United
States and it causes shorts it's very
well aware of that what I think that's
always been the case and Trump is aware
of that
well what I think underline this is is
there is actually an element of
continuity between the Obama
administration in Trump in the sense if
you remember the the swing away from
Europe swing away to the Middle East
under Obama toward specific that is
Trump's primary goal is more interested
in relationships with China than is with
Europe and you can sense the frustration
as he's looking at with the pivoting
away from Europe Pavini away from the
Middle East also that frustration comes
in with the European Union in particular
it's articulated Dale it's takes a form
of trade wars I know this attack on
defense spending
strangely picking on Britain which as
you say in the package spends more than
any of the other countries in Europe
particularly the Germans choosing to
pick on the bridge seems crazy but I
think the real are the real target is
the Germans in particular which as you
said doesn't spend anything like France
or Britain on military spending so
Britain's not likely to yield to this
and if it's already meeting its criteria
it's just gonna throw that idea in the
bin isn't it so what's the endgame here
I'm not so sure about that Colin because
traditionally in this so-called special
relationship between America and Britain
it's always the United States that's
called the short and Britain's put a
trill along like a well-behaved poodle
so I suspect that post brexit Britain
facing you know worries about where its
future lies the temptation is going to
be a year we need to hold course the
United States even if they're not that
interest and interested as a more even
it's pointed out that Donald Trump is
fed up with Teresa man or teacher like
way of operating the Brits are still
likely to tag along behind and probably
already know the defense Chiefs are
saying to the British gun well look this
is what we said we have to increase
spending so I suspect actually the Brits
will give in
to the Americans if push comes to shove
and they're looking over at France and
the friendship that Trump supposedly has
a manual macro very worried that this
special relationship as I say it the
Brits could somehow be supplanted by the
French so in London there'll be
desperation to cling to the court sails
the United States where France and all
this then it does it actually have a
part in this is it likely to become
America's primary military ally or
they're just being played here like a
bit of a bargaining chip well I think
it's partly it's being played with a
bargaining chip but both the Britain and
France in terms of Europe have always
been the key military assets of the
United States they're the ones who've
spent more than Germany on military
spending and they've preferred it that
way I mean it's a way for them by having
an increased military role of offsetting
Germany's economic dominance in the
European Union but no pause breaks it I
think what's also partly here is theirs
worries in Washington Britain's
America's always wanted Britain to be
void part of Europe as its loyal
watchdog in the European Union and it's
not very happy that it's a royal
watchdog bees weaving the European Union
so there's tensions there as well so I
think this is you know again I think
there's pressure on the French drop
their military spending pressure in the
Germans you know and with Trump
attacking Angela Merkel's but we good
administration and press it on the Brits
so I think Trump's pulling them all off
against each other here and it's all
lining up to be a big old NATO bun fight
in Brussels next week and when that
happens we'll catch up with you again
and for now though Chris Bambury in
London thanks for that you're going
you
