how many times have we heard about
European solidarity and unity when it
comes to the migrant crisis more
responsible and more supportive Europe
is emerging from this European Council
Italy is not left alone after an intense
discussion on which I believe is a
challenging subject for the European
Union it sends out a good message that
we have eventually prepared a joint text
I'm optimistic that we can coordinate
further for me this is a satisfying
outcome Europe has made a decision even
though it took time to do so
but looking at how Europe is handling
the influx it's about as far from unity
and solidarity as ever with pretty much
every member state looking to secure its
own interests starting of Germany where
angular Merkel and her interior minister
have set up a so-called new border
regime where the plan is to send
migrants back to those European
countries where they were first
registered and if they don't want them
well then the plan is to send them to
Austria but Austria is clearly not on
board should this Agreement become the
German government's position we see that
as prompting us to take action to
prevent negative consequences for
Austria and its population however the
media here in Germany report that Merkel
did actually get the consent of 14 other
EU countries on transferring asylum
seekers out of Germany but quite a few
of the block's members are sending a
different message Germany did not
address us with regards to this issue
and I would not have signed such an
agreement no form of asylum tourism is
acceptable that's why we protect the
borders so far it seems everyone has
forgotten the supposedly groundbreaking
migration summit that was held last week
in Brussels it was agreed there that
control centers would be set up for
processing asylum seekers on a voluntary
basis but that immediately looked set to
fail
of course not we are not the first
arrival country unless people jumped
with parachutes under the Dublin
regulation refugees mass supply in first
European country where they arrive we're
sticking to this rule and it follows
that those countries are responsible
migration centers France is not the
country at first arrival so we're not
opening such centers with all the
discord the --use motto united in
diversity looks like it's really going
to be put to the test in the coming
months Paulus Lea RT Berlin we spoke to
a political analyst who's skeptical of
the migrant deals being hammered out by
the EU and the German Chancellor it's a
bit of a show as we've now found out
because Poland and Hungary and I think
Italy and a number of other countries
the Czech Republic as well has said no
there's no such agreement I don't know
that's what is she talking about I don't
think this policy was ever meant to
seriously be implemented in the first
place I mean everything that's ever been
done on a voluntary basis basically
never happens I mean I think the whole
thing is is it's a bit of a charade it's
a bit of a show to buy time for the CSU
that the Bavarian party to get them over
the hump so to speak they have to
somehow show themselves as a hard-line
tough guys at least until the elections
in October in Bavaria and after that
doesn't really matter anymore then they
got another four years to muck around as
I like that's what it looks like to me
it's basically just a show
you
