as stylist from New York has become the
face of an apparently growing movement
among American liberals he released a
video which quickly went viral calling
on people to walk away from what he sees
as the phony liberalism of the
Democratic Party we spoke to the man who
started the campaign to find out what
prompted it and why he thinks is gaining
momentum well I I myself was a lifelong
Liberal Democratic voter I would say
kind of a Democrat by default because
I'm a gay man and I think that the
expectation for a lot of minority groups
is that we are supposed to vote Democrat
and that we are supposed to be liberals
so I found myself sort of in that tribe
on the left most of my life but there
were things for years that made me
extremely uncomfortable as I started to
see the identity politics and the
politically correct culture just sort of
take over common sense it just became
began to get more and more out of
control and it was something that I
could no longer tolerate I find this
behavior very very oppressive I knew
other people were feeling this way so I
decided to create a campaign and create
this video to kick off the campaign so I
am walking away and I encourage all of
you to do the same
walk away what I really wanted to do was
get people back in touch with their
voices into to push back against the
narrative on the left to make these
testimonials in video form or written
form and just kind of tell their stories
as the video has indeed generated a huge
amount of feedback almost 30,000 people
have joined the movement since its
release last month with the hashtag
walkaway trending over the weekend now
it seems that other liberals have been
inspired to reveal their reasons for
turning the backs on Democrats when I
saw a brand's video I was instantly
hooked to his message Democrats don't
care about us not one bit they walked
away from us a long time ago and it's
time for us to do the same I'd rather
walk away and be a part of the right
than be scared of the left this is where
the party is going and this is why I
chose to walk however some liberal
outlets that have covered the story have
claimed that most of the momentum has
been generated by right-wingers rather
than actual ex Liberals we asked the
founder of walk away campaign how he'd
respond to that no it's my campaign is
not mostly comprised of people who are
conservative and in fact anybody who's
saying that I encouraged them to go into
the page this is what's so brilliant
about the campaign if I don't say so
myself
you can't like the video testimonials
don't lie
those aren't Russian BOTS if you will
and these aren't you know these aren't
manufactured stories these are real
people telling the real stories so for
anybody who's skeptical please go to the
page and see with your own eyes and
listen with your own ears to the stories
of real people who have really walked
away from the left because they're
completely fed up with what's happening
on the left
