hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report yeah we're still in Paris it's so
beautiful here and the croissants are so
chewy and the coffee so delicious let's
check in with Stacy max we are in France
where their flag is red white and blue
and so is this episode airing on the 3rd
and 4th of July so I am wearing red
white and blue top and I have articles
relating to the big 4 the big four
accounting firms I have to clarify that
because there are also big four banks or
big four you know conglomerates running
every single industry across the earth
where there's telecoms chips or things
like that
kpmg's audit work unacceptable says
watchdog KPMG audits has shown an
unacceptable deterioration will be
subject to closer supervision the
financial reporting Council said every
year this watchdog reviews the work of
the accounting the big four accounting
firms the other big four outside of KPMG
or PwC Ernst and Young and Deloitte and
they said in particular all of the big
four were bad but in particular KPMG who
of course were the auditors for Karelian
that outsourcing company that collapsed
three months after KPMG had said their
books showed that they were in perfect
health at least for the next three years
there's a lie in that statement they say
there will be subject to closer scrutiny
which is false I can tell you because
they say this every year so they say the
exact same phrase over and over again
they say oh we caught this big four
accounting firm committing fraud so
we're going to apply some closer
scrutiny and then just to cover their
own you know that's what they have to
say to cover their legally they say well
we said that we were going to apply
closer scrutiny but then they never do
because they're part of the racket this
is racketeering with the accounting
firms the banks the the rating agencies
the government and the central bank it's
called a racket the UK profits from it
handsomely that's how the aristocracy
keeps going and that's not going to stop
well actually we'll go a little bit into
that in the upcoming headline but first
I want to stay on this story and move to
the next one about KPMG KPMG said it was
quote disappointed and was taking steps
to improve audit quality they
we're very disappointed in their their
repeated bad auditing quality but the
next headline and this comes from Marco
watch and our friend Francine McKenna
who is a regular on Kaiser report KPMG
1vb VA audit was stolen data about
rivals inspections an auditor was able
to use access to confidential regulatory
inspection data to get advanced
knowledge of his own inspections and
also poach a client the revelation came
in court documents supporting the US
government's case against former KPMG
partners shows the confidential
information was also used against the
auditors rivals so this is a complaint
against for former KPMG partners in
Spain and a former public account
Company Accounting Oversight Board
employee in Spain the story dates back
to 2016 when a Spanish bank BBVA was
forced to solicit bids from other audit
firms and switch from an audit
relationship with Deloitte Spanish firm
due to a European Union mandatory audit
rotation rules confidential information
around these bids gave KPMG a secret
advantage over rivals PwC and Ernst &
Young were also eligible to bid on the
audit they had an insider a guy who
would had joined KPMG from the regulator
the Spanish regulator so he had these
documents to show KPMG to give them an
advantage over their rivals so the
reason you even have a KPMG or any of
these big four accounting firms is
because the tax laws are so convoluted
that you have to hire outsiders to come
and interpret for you what the
government has just written and the
government has just written these laws
as perd to consultations from these big
four accounting firms to keep it as
labour and Byzantine and complicated as
possible as a way to thwart competition
they don't want any of these big firms
they don't want any competition coming
along and without having to pay the
extortion that is the fee to a big four
accounting firm who works hand in glove
with the government to prevent
competition so when you hear stories
like RBS as a unit and they go and
destroy thousands of British
corporations to steal the assets and
sell them off to another third party
they work with auditing firms those
books were all audited by big auditing
firms now they didn't make those numbers
up themselves
hired outside auditors from the big four
or so we're gonna go into what the big
four have done to the United Kingdom and
this is about that first story the KPMG
was found to have acted when except ibly
in terms of their audits in the past
year and particularly related to
Karelian now here is wolf streets take
on it big four audit Oleg our key comes
under scrutiny in the UK after corporate
surprise collapses in fact an MP in the
United Kingdom called them in Oleg our
key which you know if it were any other
country especially ones that are not our
allies we would say those are that's an
Oleg our key debt for companies
controlling or three companies or two
companies so it's many industries across
our world are controlled by just a few
groups of powerful companies but here
they're saying a wall street quotes at
Guardian article where they're looking
at these big four accounting firms and
what they find is that in Britain the
big force consultants council ministers
and officials on everything from health
care to nuclear power although their
advice is always labeled independent
invariably suits a raft of corporate
clients with direct interests in it and
unsurprisingly most of the consultants
prescriptions such as marketization of
public services entail yet more demand
for their services in years ahead so
they are being placed inside Parliament
inside Congress inside Parliament's
across the European Union in the US and
they consult independently we're just
giving independent advice to your
representatives we're just helping
everybody here we're giving we're
helping out well in fact their advice
always always they never say actually we
should do something that spreads wealth
more equitably or we should do something
that allows people to earn their fair
share of the the pie that they've
created that they've baked essentially
that is our economy no it's always like
well let's devise a system where say the
health care system they mentioned in the
United Kingdom where we bring in United
health from America where the CEO makes
a hundred million dollars a year he
could perhaps make 200 million dollars a
year instead if you give him the British
health care system and turn every
British citizen what I'm sorry British
subject into somebody
Max and Stacey were plundered
relentlessly monthly by Obamacare that's
exactly right the government works hand
in hand with these consultancies and the
word they come up with Oleg our key or
you could call it a cartel and it could
also point out that get a racket and as
price fixing the meaning one of the
basic anti-competitive tricks that they
use and these an accounting trick and
their accountants so they would know
best they are engaged in price-fixing so
all those big four firms they collude
which is also illegal and they fix
prices collude and they compete I mean
obviously KPMG defrauded a young and
Deloitte in that situation where they
used unfair information insider
information exactly like Lehman Brothers
was caught not playing ball with the
other banks on Wall Street so it had to
be sacrificed a lot faster this is all
of this story is an example of the fact
that we have this revolving door we have
it in the u.s. we have it everywhere
where you have you know Hank Paulson
leaving goldman sachs with 200 million
dollars tax-free and joining the
treasury and then he bails out goldman
sachs and his other banker friends you
have it on every layer or the big the
big four banks the big four consultancy
firms the big four auditing firms the
big four telecom companies the big four
chip makers the big four defense
contractors the big four whatever they
want the big four get whatever they want
so that's something to be celebrated on
the big four but in the UK the big four
audit ninety nine of the footsie 100
companies in ninety seven percent of the
footsie 350 up from ninety five percent
five years ago so it's actually gone up
since the financial crisis despite EU
and UK reforms ostensibly aimed at
tackling a lack of competition in the
sector as a pattern that is replicated
throughout advanced economies in the
vast majority of EU member states the
combined market share of the big four
audit firms four listed companies
exceeds 90 percent but it's in the
consulting business where the real money
is being made my entire competitive they
hate competition they don't want
competition that's what a form a cartel
to stop all the competition and to
engage in every known illegal activity
to prevent competition and it's only
it's only getting worse since the crisis
because they have the cooperation of the
Central Bank of England who will
manipulate interest rate
as we found out during the crisis that
they were jimmying the interest rates
for their Wall Street and City of London
friends so nobody no institution in the
UK is not with not part of this of this
racket because there's a racket
everywhere in cartels and oligopolies
and oligarchs everywhere it's like you
have bigger and bigger firms and we've
covered this on Kai's report since the
financial crisis the banks have got the
big four banks got bigger the big four
telecom companies got bigger the big
four tech companies social media
companies all got way bigger so then you
know it becomes harder to introduce
competition because they're so mammoth
they're just so giant with offshore
vehicles and you know tax laundering all
around the world so how does one control
these giant corporations and in terms of
where they said the real money comes
from the consulting side and that's
where you know the that's where you see
the back-and-forth the most is nobody
wants into the real work of having to
look through the numbers and audit books
you've become a consultant and you just
basically plunder the state on behalf of
your friends you have like a lot of
these former prime ministers and
financial Treasury secretaries like the
Chancellor of the Exchequer they go on
to big banks in American banks they
become consultants there for one day a
week million pounds a year sort of thing
the real money is definitely being made
in 2017 the big force combined global
annual revenues reached 134 billion
dollars and the rate of their growth
keeps expanding faster than the world
they serve as the Guardian reports in
their oldest markets the UK in the u.s.
these big four accounting firms are
growing at more than twice the rate of
those countries economies by 2016 across
150 countries the big four employed
eight hundred and ninety thousand people
which was more than the five most
valuable companies in the world combined
so they're growing twice as fast as the
underlying economy which means
somebody's losing because they're
gaining this is a form of leprosy
there's KPMG and the other three big of
the big four are a naval colony in the
city of London and in the
and they're infecting the entire economy
and it's causing to form deformations
she was some sort of parasite for sure
because that's a parasitic behavior
where you're growing faster than the
underlying economy that you're
supposedly serving they're supposed to
serve the economy they're supposed to
serve transparency within that economy
and this by the way this big four you
know these people are these Consulting's
these revolving door between all these
big four of all the industries of the
world and the central banks and the that
you know halls of power they're they're
the same people that are like shocked
about Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies and
and they they they're the ones that
plead ignorance about why why this is
erupted why people are adopting this why
people want to reject their big four
system that's also why they love the
whole idea of brexit is because it
created huge billions of pounds worth of
our consulting fees for the big four
yeah did that write lies like the NHS
would benefit all this money that was
constructed by an accounting firm by one
of these things one of the Consulting's
yeah they came out in the consultant
they said they're gonna say well with
NHS money and now they make huge money
the average British person is getting
impoverished and it's becoming more
dangerous to go there and they actually
rebranded that the costs to the NHS they
just rebranded that this is something
like the breaks it benefits or something
like that they've they said they've
benefited from it but that they must now
raise taxes why does every great
dystopian novel occur in England it's
because of these four galloping horses
of the accounting apocalypse well we
must go to a break but we'll be back
don't go away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to go to Pierre
DeVaughn Novick Peter let's welcome back
thank you
how have you been well well thank you
now we're in Paris so remember we come
to Paris we see you because you know
it's going on in Paris you of course one
of the translators of this classic
classic book describing the French
Revolution a lot of the hyperinflation
and the inflation that one is going on
and it's kind of a good creamer to
understand what's happening what's
happening now in the global economy
would you consider the global central
banks in the current state of disarray
at this moment Pierre exactly I mean
they started to print 80 80 billion
euros every month in January 2015 and
this has this had destroyed the whole
european way of working if you see if
where your pain while working yeah
because if you see all the businesses or
the business were to let paris and
mostly other cities there like between
10 and 20% to vote for lease okay second
because central banks we know that they
caused dislocations but they also caused
whole countries to collapse you know
because of the bailouts that occurred to
the creditors the whole country of
Greece went under yes and the central
bank made billions of euros as a result
they're bragging about it they're saying
Germany is saying we made three million
year billion euros hahahahaha amazing I
mean now they're trying to attack Italy
now that they're attacking other cars
isn't this story isn't this the fourth
reich it is I think this is definitely
the false white dear Germans have
conquered Europe not by tanks and
infantry but with financials weapons
this is what we're talking about since
ten years and now we see it remember in
2010 2011 the the interest rate for
Greece it was like 40 percent sometimes
it went up to 70 ports
and now they're bragging in fact that
was yesterday
they are bragging about the fact that
they made 3 billion maybe the those 3
billions will go to the Deutsche Bank
because your bank is technically
insolvent remember they're opposing
austerity in Greece while they're making
lots of money on the catastrophe that is
the Greek economy those are the central
bankers they used financial weapons as
you call them i should mention that
pierre is the author of many books
himself and there is a lovely compendium
of your work here's a book i love it's
about Blythe masters who you know used
to beat JP Morgan she's the creator of
the credit default swap when she was
working at Exxon she's trying to get
into the Bitcoin space
she failed miserably as we predicted but
that's the kind of vixen the kind of
devil in a skirt that has plagued the
global financial markets is she's still
breathing
yeah she's still breathing it's funny
because her her favorite mantra is the
devil is in the details so you because
they were talking about the devil okay
and she's all in there she's all in
there great just go back to your talking
about Greece and the austerity we have
in France now total austerity let me
give you one example thanks to mr.
McComb our new president mr. Mack Rome
decided that if you are retired and if
your retirement is 1200 euros you are a
very rich man or woman and you will pay
the state we take off of your retirement
like six hundred years six hundred euros
per year could you believe this and he's
attacking definitely all the poor people
I'm bailing
that's a bale in yeah right now to bail
out now they're just taking money out of
people's bank accounts definitely like
Wells Fargo just takes people he's right
over there Bank Ron is just stealing
money he's a banker he's a banker how
did you put this guy's a prankster he
he's like Blythe masters the placenta
but at least black masters know her her
business but he don't because he he was
not very aware of financial products and
now foam s you know they became we can
say that the French MPs you know the
parliamentary ministers are complaining
of the long working hours under macron
as new president pushes through tax
labor education and housing reforms okay
so he's pushing through a lot of reforms
there it's a whole bunch of stuff and
the MPs are actually complaining that
the work weekends they're working til
the wee hours of the morning so tell us
a little bit about that what's going on
oh this is just this is nothing this is
just a pure lie - so they're still
taking three hour lunches and they're
still sucking at the prop of the
public's Will's
you're in first I'll pick the three
hours lunches is something it's even
worse it's even worse than here because
we have knew a bunch of new MPs who
those people never thought that Macomb
will be elected first and then you you
have people who don't know what politics
is what finds is nothing they don't know
and they're just they're like MPs it's
you know it's like you're - you have
some people who don't know what to do of
their time and they become they became
MPs I believe the word and French would
be telethon dilettante at least if they
don't know what they're doing you know
those people are don't know what they're
doing at all that's where the two words
I know French Pierre I mean can't we say
at least that I've used one word
correctly in this frickin language yes
let's say here's the plum a gazebo quad
Trump it's like he says merci Donald why
are they staying happy Thank You Donald
what's going on here
max just one few words about Luke one
this this magazine is first paid by the
French government they receive like
let's say like five or six million euro
per year just you know to be to say the
right words first of all and second
whatever they were totally for Hillary
Clinton
so whatever done
Trump is doing he is a bad guy for
whatever reason and the last day last
cover two weeks ago was about Italy
saying that there are charlatans do you
know there are crooks basically they're
talking about the Italian the new
Italian politicians so they even don't
respect the will of the people when they
go to the election and Italians choose
to vote for the extreme right yes and
now the whole Italy is anti Europe
against Brooks hell and loop one is
defending of course the position proxy
brussels-capital yeah they are defending
the interest of a financial state so
that's that's it so I'm not surprised by
the title of the poem but basically 80%
of the of the French press is bought by
bankers and weapon dealers give you a
very good idea of the of the state of
the press in France but I think in
United States they are not even better
you know right now is owned by some it's
even more interesting liberalisation and
Lex press on bfmtv we which are called
FMB say both invasive was bought by a
friend of mr. McCaul his guy renounced
to his French nationality he became
Israel israelian citizen and then he
bought all the press right I mean in the
United States you cannot buy a American
TV if you are not an American citizen
just you know for people to understand
that right this is very very bad in
France I mean the freedom has gone let
me give you another example we have TV
Liberty at every birthday which is like
Fox News now but there they are only on
on YouTube now and YouTube just like
four years
forward
ago they cut the the total of the whole
channel with the like I don't know
Twitter's and hours of of programs
that's the Liberty in France now the
press the bankers have bought all the
radios TVs and of course newspapers and
now they want to have the total control
on the media and of course on people
well in the States of course you have
all the consolidation
speaking of media let's talk about
something very important going on okay
anti-free speech legislation in France
regarding uploads to YouTube this is new
this is part of a new copyright law that
will make it illegal for anyone to link
to other content without paying for that
content you can't create memes you can't
create mixes and mashups
without incurring a cost and this is now
from a European initiative it sounds
terrible
what are your thoughts but my thoughts
for its it's a part of the whole thing I
mean you have seen what happened after
the election of mr. Donald Trump how
Facebook YouTube and all these people
and Google of course have reacted you
know they decided that the only way to
protect something another Trump to to
come up is to take control of of the
internet because internet was the last
place where people have the free speech
okay so no in brock saw as you say or
brussels voted articles 11 and 13 which
make it even difficult for independent
journalists and platforms to compete
with the Internet giants now you're
probably the number one blogger in
France is this impacting you maybe maybe
but we would take you know you know what
will read according to to the new rules
but what they want is nobody can speak
about the financial fascism which is
taking over the whole Europe thank you
to Facebook Google you know my facebook
was taken I would you define financial
fascism financial fascism is that you
don't
have access to financial information
they giving you another example we have
a new law for example if you came up
with the scandal of West Fargo
yes you're like no it's a guns at all
because this is secret you cannot talk
about it
the regulator's are clamping down on
speech just like in the UK exactly you
can't talk about banks without having
Ofcom exactly will give you will clamp
down on you now we were just on the Cote
d'Azur and you know as you point out I
have not been in France for a few years
really
and I noticed that unlike in the years
past the women are completely wearing
both parts of their bikini they're not
allowing their their their breasts
that's a disaster okay
this is part of the reaction to the
financial crisis the country became more
conservative and and women are now
wearing both parts of the bikini isn't
doesn't this mean the terrorists have
won not yet to note that you have part
of France of South of France there of
people are all naked you know on all
beaches don't worry about that well
maybe it's not repay I know when I go
with my little string and I have the the
trade book will do Laplace ma la pluie
bell the pub c'est magnifique
man that's it's not repay of course you
would always expect that but in
villefranche-sur-mer it's like freaking
Deena Miami well it's maybe a little
conservative all right well I'm not
sobering no we must say goodbye thank
you well I thought I would speak more
about sex in principle but let's say for
a second to segment that's gonna do it
for this addition other guys rapport
with me Max Keiser and Stacy Herbert
thanks to our guest Pierre Jovan ohmic
he's a journalist at quotidian dot-com
if you wanna reach us on Twitter skies
report next time bye y'all
