and he creates his chance for himself so
he's passed it to Ville yang with a with
a back heel and then he makes a run
around in his yet at the end of the
cross that's what we want to see from
the amok and and when he does that we
can save this away he's a great player
and this was a really good goal now we
come to this situation now where I mean
this is even outside the page and was
his certainty to missing the tamer ahead
they're not particularly under pressure
certainly not anything like this like
their project technical is just have a
look and see how way that Neymar and he
behaves with on this one here and and
you know that's sick I'll tell you this
now there's nothing wrong with him
the referees don't want to know about it
you know he's always been Salter done by
the next thing he comes back in he goes
back in like there he goes back and on
the picture every says play on and what
what do you know they mustered up walked
on the page it's not on this is gotta
stop he wasn't treated he wasn't taken
away it was a miraculous recovery he was
calling for a VAR a system to look at
this he was calling for the red
effectively
he's Neymar thinks he's that big but he
can change the rules so that is of our
situation that's not gonna happen now
what can we do about this what why why
is they my doing this while he's trying
to get laya hoon who came on in the
second half and most was was rich
seriously trying to get into name as
head and trying to stop name a from
playing not not in a bad way within the
rules he was trying to get him booked so
he could have more space when that
didn't happen he swapped places with his
ruse Harris was a striker then played on
the left where were Nima so he actually
stayed away for from fillet own so this
tells me everything that he wanted to to
get lay on booked so he could play
against him and my god if you're the
best player in the world the most
expensive expensive play in the world
that's not how you play
you
