Germany's interim ministers threatening
to resign amid a growing divide with
Chancellor Angela Merkel of immigrant
policies horsy offers pushed for a
tougher stance on asylum seekers and
German media is now suggesting he wasn't
at all swayed by that recent deal struck
by the EU to try to solve the migrant
crisis I've said that I would present my
decision to resign and that I will
implement this if a solution is not
found within the next three days the
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is
fighting for her political survival her
interior minister mr. C Hoffa issued
Angela Merkel with a two-week ultimatum
that expired
on the 1st of July Sunday mr. C Hoffer
saying that he wants her to find a
European solution to the migrant crisis
and now we're hearing that he feels he
is left with no choice but to turn back
migrants from Germany's borders this of
course flies in the face of the German
Chancellor's open-door policy and she of
course felt that she had found this
European solution after a two-day summit
that was held Thursday and Friday in
Brussels there was an EU summit but it
certainly now seems as if Renteria
Minister would disagree position we are
sure that we have the right to
immediately send migrants back from the
border I find a solution so that an
African beyond people feel that we are
guided by values and that we advocate
multilateralism and not unilateralism or
no one will believe in our values which
have made us so strong
if mr. C Hoffer in fact resigns this
will see a breakup of the 70 year
alliance between his Christian social
Union and Angela Merkel's party what it
does mean is that she will either become
the leader of a minority government or
she'll have to call for new elections
while at the same time no doubt she's
likely to lose support from within her
own party this is a particularly tense
time for Angela Merkel who is fighting
for her political survival let's go live
now to the for Germany MPP device Durand
hey Peter thanks for joining us this
lunchtime it an understatement or as a
truth to say that literally Angela
Merkel is fighting for a political
career today
yeah it is you know she self admitted
that this is very serious situation
today the fractions of CBO and C's of
both parties will meet it's going to be
in two hours so they were going to meet
and they are discussing if this
government will still be in charge
afterwards and if yes with with which
personal like in the indie government
and it's all over this fudged deal but
he's not at all happy with how could she
have got as far as negotiating this
without that his back in because he's
key in the coalition
well it was it was quite clear before
she traveled to the to Brussels that she
will come back and declare a success and
she did but in fact it wasn't success
because the government's from Hungary
from Czech Republic Poland said nobody's
this is nothing which is valid and also
mr. suhaka said well I I don't think
this will last so and that's that's the
reason why they are still in talks and
crisis modest mr. C offers saying that
he wants to close Germany's borders to
migrants if he does that most likely
Angela Merkel will sack him it'll have
to go back to elections again would he
push it that far
well Minister could have closed those
borders whenever he wants so this is his
car this is his competence he doesn't
need to to ask the Chancellor and he
didn't you know so now he said I will I
will step back and a few hours later he
said I am stepping back from my for my
step back so the situation is really a
very unclear what is clear and what is
really a 100% nobody and nobody wants
new elections because only the
alternative ever - and the AFD our party
would profit all other parties would
lose so what we now see is a theater how
to how to stay on power so what's gonna
happen if these talks fail now in the
coming hours what a Merkel's options
well most probably they will agree on
something and call it a win-win
situation and a compromise and they will
try to postpone the final decision after
the summer I know so now our summer
holidays and traveling abroad and
everything could could get more quiet of
course there is also a possibility that
only safer leaves the government and
Merkel will stay in power and she will
cha she will change just one Minister
this is also possible okay we'll follow
this story closely thanks your input
this laddish town intensive Germany MP
Peter base to appreciate it
you
