having emerged after their nearly 10
hour marathon summit EU leaders have
been patting themselves on their back
quite a lot for me this is a satisfying
outcome it turns out a good message that
we have eventually prepared a joint text
I'm optimistic that we can cooperate
further I believe that the Faro
preparatory work of presidents in care
and the federal Chancellor Merkel has
now brought her real breakthrough more
responsible and more supportive Europe
is emerging from this European Council
Italy is not left alone anymore but in
reality the deal getting all this praise
is a carefully but vaguely worded one
just like so many other agreements
struck by the bloc in the past but this
one manages to satisfy a diverse range
of views so just exactly how was it
reached one challenge was to satisfy
Italy who on Thursday blocked all joint
decisions prior to the summit in an
effort to appease tensions the member
states decided to send rescued migrants
on EU territory to so-called control
centers across the block but and this
was only to appease Central European
countries like the Czech Republic and
Hungary those locations are still to be
decided and can only happen in countries
who volunteer to have them not
surprising there not many volunteers
many leaders again pushed for
responsibility to fall on first arrival
countries who already have enough
migrant centers under the Dublin
regulation refugees have to apply in the
first European country where they arrive
we are sticking to this rule and it
follows that those countries are
responsible for migration centers France
is not the country of first arrival so
almost opened such centers of course not
we are not the first arrival country
unless people jump with parachutes in an
apparent lifeline for the German
Chancellor Angela Merkel this
non-binding agreement says that all
governments must take measures to stop
migrants and refugees from crossing
Europe internal borders now this is
something that Merkel desperately needs
as she's facing a
two-week ultimatum from her coalition
partner who is threatening to impose a
new border regime against her world
unless Merkel finds an all Europe
solution if a European solution cannot
be achieved we need to act on our own we
agree on the objective what our
approaches are different in the next 14
days we will see whether we can find
common ground
here's another key point of the
so-called breakthrough deal European
leaders have also backed plans to
tighten the bloc's borders and provide
more money to countries like Turkey and
Morocco to prevent migrants from coming
to Europe processing centers are also
being set up in countries like Egypt
Libya Niger Algeria and others but these
are the kind of things that have been
happening since 2015
and they haven't managed to solve the
migrant crisis so perhaps these new or
not so new measures are less about
helping the migrants and more about
saving the heads of some European
leaders policy RT Berlin
you
