can President Putin give any assurances
that's the upcoming midterm elections in
a few months time will not be meddled
with why Russia would prefer some faiths
because we cannot intelligently discuss
something which is based on highly
likely the investigation of the United
States has been going for how long the
year in the half now well probably read
it√≠d the internet research agency the
Russian troll Factory
is something which requires a trial and
they understand they have submitted
their own case and they challenged quite
a number of things which were used for
the indictment so let's not jump the gun
I love Lewis Carroll but I don't think
that the logic of the Queen who said
sentence first verdict later I don't
think this logic is going to prevail
Vladimir Putin and his US counterpart
Donald Trump are set to met in Helsinki
in just over two weeks so naturally the
journalist wanted to discuss that kind
of first with the Russian Foreign
Minister and the meeting itself is being
kind of overshadowed by one big question
essentially how is Donald Trump going to
look in the eyes of a man who as
everybody say put him in the White House
and this whole Russia election meddling
hysteria
according to Sergei Lavrov is a prime
example of a new and trendy mentality
kind of act first accuse first and
figure out later with the investigation
into the Russian interference in the
u.s. presidential elections still
ongoing and in his opinion in Sergei
Lavrov opinion this approach prevails on
the global geopolitical scene right now
and they even led to this quite peculiar
exchange between him and the journalists
there are many in the West who say that
the chaos whether it's brexit whether
it's scrip tiles whether it's Trump in
the White House
but Allah is not alone it is like
everything and if I could force coming
elections in Sweden the parameters
include that later but the chaos an
undeniable
answer me this does the chaos benefit
Russia some in the West say you have to
be within the historical framework for
analogical faith you mean the care was
benefits Russia couple of weeks before
the presidential elections and the
months before the World Cup what what do
you think from alleged chemical attacks
in Syria to the US elections I mean
geographically wise accusers have found
Russia's fingerprints well pretty much
all over the world standing out of those
cases though is the case of the scrapple
poisoning back in March if you don't
remember
Sergei scrapple a former double agent
for the UK and his daughter were found
poisoned apparently by a very powerful
nerve agent in the UK city of Salzburg
and the UK is adamant Russia did it in
fact they presented Russia with one
question was it Vladimir Putin who
ordered the poisoning or was Vladimir
what did just flatter me Putin kind of
lost control of the people who
eventually poisons through gas Koppel
and his daughter so Sergei Lavrov was
confronted in the interview with that
say the end the journalist asking was
Russia to benefit from this Sergey
Lavrov retorted saying that in fact in
his opinion the UK benefited the UK was
the one to benefit from the poisoning he
cited the reports of the UK government
apparently planning to buy out Sergey
scruples house to destroy it in his
opinion if this will be done it will
definitely look like a very deliberate
destruction of evidence you accusing the
British State of a cover-up of this
whole incident
I don't exclude this and
as long as they don't give us
information you know that about 10
Russian citizen citizens have died in
London during the past years all thank
all ten cases have been investigated in
a secret format we don't understand why
and frankly if you want to know the
reason
well it's you know one of the wise guys
said who is the benefit certainly the
United Kingdom benefited politically
from what is going on and
actually it's it's come to think of it
it's an interesting situation whereby a
country which is leaving the European
Union is determining the European Union
policy on Russia when they were running
in all capitals of the European Union
saying you must expel the Russian
diplomats you must expel them so they
did most of them some didn't
now again official London has been
maintaining that it was only Moscow who
had both motive and means to carry out a
poisoning like this one in fact a lot of
European countries sided with the United
the United Kingdom they expelled
diplomats just like London did expelled
Russian diplomats and Russia in its turn
responded by doing the same and when it
comes to a more generic storyline of the
interview if I may say so a lot of talk
about the highly likely the infamous
highly likely aspect of rhetoric aspect
of things nowadays Sergey Lavrov also
has stressed that in his opinion we are
already living in what he calls post
west world and as for Russia's role in
this post West world he says that Moscow
plans to play a role on equal parts an
equal role with other players in this
whole thing so when it comes to some
predictions for the future for some
forecasting there you have it
you
