welcome everyone to our roundup of the
group phase of the 2018 FIFA World Cup
here in Russia and I'm delighted to be
joined by former Aston Villa teammate an
Australian international walk Bostick as
we analyze the latest action before the
tournament enters the vital knockout
rounds but first here's a look at all
the action from around Moscow this week
the Stan Collymore show today has come
to the Russian Football Museum to have a
look at how Russia has contributed to
the beautiful game in this FIFA World
Cup month also some friends of the show
classic football shirts have brought
their collection a huge collection of
match worn shirts from FIFA World Cups
of the last 50 or 60 years that's gone
up a lot
Azusa Navas played for Manchester City
Nair plays in Seville Netherlands
against Spain July the 10th 2010
Johannesburg this was worn in FB fur
World Cup final
and we have yet another shirt that was
worn does it get much more famous more
iconic than the famous Brazil kit I
don't think so
and when you've got a man like Kafue
who's wearing it it seems to be peeling
off you can smell his aftershave there
you go
FIFA World Cup career and Japan
ah so here's a shirt that I know very
well because one of my 3 England caps
which are treasure was in this case
David Beckham wore this in 1998 and
there's a lot of controversy played
against Argentina he got sent off after
lashing out at Diego Simeone Diego
Simeone now he's athletic our Madrid
manager Beckham the icon in an iconic
game
it's been an incredible journey for
Russian football over the last thirty
years really
there's the Soviet Union right the way
up till the early 90s
then several nations left and became the
Commonwealth of Independent States
Andrei Kanchelskis played for Manchester
United and Everton he played for the
Soviet Union and he played in that team
the Commonwealth of Independent States
now crest no badge just literally quite
incredible transition from Soviet Union
to that so we've seen all of the shirts
and yesteryears from Brazil's great ones
England's great ones and finally the
Soviet Union we're in modern-day Russia
today they're the hosts of the FIFA
World Cup the tournament is going
fantastic Michael E
so we are very privileged to be in the
Peru hogs Peru are going home for the
world club but they have brought color
they've brought passion they bought an
incredible amount of fans and they've
also bought a shame er what does a shame
and do what a shame and does some huge
pillar it's a natural doctor that we
have in the mountains in the Andes of
Peru from many centuries back from
century one from the Moche culture way
before the Incas the Incas come from
central 14 the much come from central is
one so so I played football for a long
time in England and I have at the moment
are very very bad Achilles tendon can
you help me peace ok I will doing them
what do you want me to do tell me what
you wanted to do and tomato please let's
go
whom to stand on here
I'm very scared
I've never by shaming before right
ladies and gentlemen please this
coverage of my achilles tendonitis that
is Rick thank you this is for me I'm
gonna keep this very safe for memory of
Peru
so it's quite incredible
a part of RIT square is turned into
literally a little a little Copenhagen
there you go with Denmark the Danish
supporter let's go check the funds
absolute disgrace
start we're here with three guys that
have managed a quite incredible feat
bill yeah Rory
Fraser I've cycled all the way from from
Tokyo Japan Tokyo Japan why the World
Cup but what reason would you get on a
bike and bike all the way from Tokyo all
the way to here we're raising money for
charity was it just for fun was it to
challenge yourself for young fellows as
bet boss really I've got some plant my
cousin's playing for Australia so we
thought that's no Jackson Irving really
yeah so you're gonna won't be able to
catch him in a game his final group game
we watched the first two and Kazan to
suburban Sochi was too far to get and
have you managed to catch up with him
yeah yeah we got to hang out in Kazan
with all the players and so tell me what
what the the route chalk
he went from Tokyo where did you take
him there in kind of we hung it around
Mount Fuji and then down to the coast of
Fujian along the coast but that's how we
had to separate bill for a little bit
why bill what happened I had to
hitchhike for a while why why did they
leave you my bike broke until I could
jump on a train right yeah so you went
for him we're on a train to where I got
picked up by his bloke in and around
Fuji and he took me up to Kyoto so how
long in total in kilometers miles
whatever currency use did you did you
manage to get from Tokyo here about
5,000 kilometers we recognized fantastic
achievement enjoy the rest of your time
at the FIFA World Cup in Russia and say
hello to you cousin this is what the
World Cup is about people come in from
all over the world to enjoy this
beautiful game of us
so we found some Colombian fans so we
are here in front of the great Falcao
and the World Cup let me jump across
here can Colombia win the World Cup yes
why explain to me persuade me because we
had the best players in the world
welcome back one and all for the Stan
Collymore show we're high above red
square what a view that is but mark yes
there's only one place to start the
group stages of the FIFA World Cup
Germany they were here last year as
Confederations Cup champions with a very
young team they come here as
overwhelming favourites they are out
that's the first time it's happened
since the 1930s why well basically I
think what's happened is and we've seen
this in the last three World Cups
champions have gone out in the first
round now whether or not it's a little
bit of complacency we don't know look I
think in every country they have a team
that I really look up to whether they be
the formal winners or our golden
generation or something like that and
something happens during that time
wherever it's a bit too much attention
whether they need a new voice from
somebody else there'll be a lot of
pressure that comes on too low as a
coach whether or not he resigns all does
he stay on sometimes and you said this
to me before a different voice is very
very important but I had a really good
friend of mine who went to watch him
again Saudi Arabia in the lead up and he
turned around and said you know I would
not be surprised again they get knocked
out in the first round and he was 100%
right we saw the controversial
non-selection of Lee Roy said hey that's
what I want to live in Lee Royce on a
one of the players of the season for
Manchester City in English Premier
League assists goals traveling with the
ball very well everything that Germany
haven't done the suggestion was that
Jurgen yoki m'lip
he wasn't his type of player he didn't
like his cockiness and attitude does
that mean in itself that the manager
needs to look at himself and perhaps
Germany may be looking for a new manager
well that's it I think you're exactly
right and that's what it comes down to
like I said because when you won a World
Cup like when you want any major time
you know yourself being in the football
side egos do come into it that actual
non-selection told me something that you
know they went from 2000 when they
didn't qualify for the first time ever
in a European Championship for the next
round they come last in that group they
revamped the whole
their football they started looking at
other places for players and you saw the
result in that in the last World Cup
when they want it this type of attitude
and all that stuff as well with some of
the players taking pictures with the
Turkish president all that type of stuff
it was very if you say if you want to
say I'm German and that's something
they've got to really look at and it
does start with the manager now a lot of
people turn around and say okay it's the
manager what about the players but
that's the man who takes the blame and
the credit for when things go well video
assistant referees yeah I've had more
tweets more interaction on Twitter
Instagram about this than anything else
we now presented with the coverage the
live coverage and we see the referee we
see the players we see the fans and we
see these four or five guys sat in front
of a TV up in the gallery are you a fan
of it yeah penalties galore what are
your thoughts on this new technology and
how it pushes our sport forward I'm a
fan of it
now the domestic league in Australia the
a-league which I which I work on we've
had it for the whole season now there's
just one thing that I need to be changed
in my opinion the wording of it has to
be a clear and obvious error I think is
getting everybody in trouble why because
you're asking officials then to judge is
it a clear and obvious error is it just
an error or is it something that's not
really worthless so you've got the the
example of the penalty against Australia
for France
so Griezmann goes through we have to
look at about five or six times under
that protocol that's not a penalty I
actually thought it was a penalty but
under the protocol it's not then you've
got Harry Cain in the opening game he
chuckled right a lot of room it's a
clinic house and that is clear and
obvious but they decide not to go to
this so if you just take that out and
put error I think it actually makes it
easy because then it's an error okay
boom there you go it doesn't have to be
clear and obvious to judge somebody to
judge where it's clear and obvious for
me is too difficult to judge as it is
anyway and when we saw today in the game
of Senegal in Colombia there how
difficult it is to judge anyway so take
that out and I think it is better for
the game I know people saying we've had
more penalties in this tournament than
we ever had but bottom line is if it's a
foul it's a foul and the big game Stan
you know you know we're talking about a
lifetime if somebody doesn't get the
right decision you don't want that tell
the lay man at home that there isn't a
football fan at all yeah why var should
not just at World Cups but in Champions
leagues and leagues around the world
what is the difference is it just a case
of more correct decisions being made or
is it a case of taking stinger of games
where referee blows the whistle to give
a penalty it's proven not pressure comes
on the referee fans get unhappy tell us
what it is ask the fans or ask the
players in the past who have been
victims basically of decisions everyone
makes mistakes that's not a problem but
how to have to live with that for the
rest of their life and how things could
have been different you know
game-changing decisions make a huge
bearing so ask that you know ask the
lads of 1986 for England how they felt
after when they saw how do they feel and
I have to live with that
so here at var that wouldn't happen I
mean you've played in big games I played
in big games basically it just makes
sure that those things do not happen and
that's what I'm saying - the only thing
that I see that's wrong with it is they
say clear and obvious there are no if
there's an error it's an error and
that's it then it's up to the referee if
he goes and has a look at it a lot of
people don't realize that the VA I will
tell the referee and it's up to the
referee whether or not he goes and looks
at it it's him to make the decision
Russia how important is it for this
country of 146 million people the
world's biggest country some would say
not a natural football country - of one
those opening two games and get the
nation behind them or saying you and I
are in South Africa and that was a
wonderful world cup for historical
reasons with Nelson Mandela and
everything what had going on and so
forth but we saw the disappointment in
the host country when they didn't get
past the first round we've seen the
opposite here you and I also saw Russia
last year the Confederations Cup we
thought well this is no this is going to
be really difficult one of the best
perform sides in those first two games
yes they had to place our d'Arabian eg
but it's not their fault all they can do
is beat who's in front of him now the
last game I kind of got beat 3 Neal by
Uruguay go live in the best player
wasn't player but the other players
Tarasov chair said sorry and Zuba have
been absolutely fantastic they're going
to be very difficult for Spain to beat
now Spain obviously lost their manager
before to start the tournament
julen la puerta aigoo what a finale is
it into the FIFA World Cup that one of
the five or six teams that we would see
as favourite yeah
the eve of the World Cup it's announced
that he's gonna be Real Madrid's next
manager Fernando Hierro a great Pro was
already in there in the the Spanish
Federation takes over the team it hasn't
affected them greatly but could it
affect them later on when the teams get
better I think so and I don't think
they're being quite themselves I mean we
saw that opening game was one of the
best games in World Cup history not just
in this tournament and World Cup history
but still that's one of those games that
Spain in the last day easy to expect
them to win we saw him in the last game
against Morocco struggle I think this is
a real opportunity for Russia playing on
home soil to actually do over one of the
big boys in Spain let's discuss Uruguay
first goals win games strikers win
trophies
Edinson Cavani and Luis Suarez is there
a better partnership at the FIFA World
Cup partnership no they've been
absolutely fantastic and a lot of people
don't realize as well they're the only
team Uruguay one of the few things that
have won their whole three games but the
only team so far in a tournament not to
consider go now Tavares their manager
went to a 3-5-2 in that last game and
one of his key players is rodrigo been
to been tecora hit the guy who placed we
event this young boy very very young and
he benefited from that having a lot more
numbers in midfield I think that they're
a team like I said that are a dark horse
in a way because although they've won it
twice before no one's talked about them
before the tournament that they can go
on they all have a plan in store for
every game they play and we know that
what fierce competitors they are they
have a wonderful defensive partnership
in Jimenez and Gordon who played
together at a flat eco in Madrid Jimenez
is under a little bit of cloud with the
injury doubt but they're a team like I
said when you've got strikers like that
stand we we know you know games when you
have strikers you know in that type of
class like yourself who can win games on
their own you've always got a chance as
long as you keep it tight at the back
having considered a goal so far to
french-speaking Nations Flemish as well
for the geeks out there Belgium and
France Belgium beat England in the final
game to go through they play Japan yeah
and the French went through after a
board draw in the last game of their
group against Denmark strengths and
weaknesses of both Belgium and France
please well Belgium I have to say in
terms of if we talk about champion
players play for player you couldn't
really find many weaknesses I think the
you know if you look at it they're a
sport that actually can win it we talked
about Dark Horse's
how they really a Dark Horse with those
type of players I don't think so
right now at this moment in time the
only thing that you could say with
Belgium and those opening two games even
game was hard to judge because both
teams made a lot of changes is the fact
is that killer instinct can they put
teams away when it really matters and
that will be that will be one question
that Martin isn't here on we will be
asking of their squad England yes young
team get a South Gate we both play as a
captain Aston Villa speaks very well as
lowered expectations but at the same
time maintaining the belief that England
bit can be competitive they play
Colombia at the Sparta arena is it a
big-name team Hamish Rodriguez and Falco
too soon or could this England team go
for I think this England team can go far
now look a lot of people will be saying
you know Gary if you made all those
changes we've lost that game we've taken
away the momentum but the bottom line is
if you're being a real a realist that
side of the draw in my opinion isn't
easier out and when I say is it don't
thing is gonna be a walk in the park
it's not it's that much easier and I
think anyone can go all the way I really
do that played some fantastic football
now a lot of people will turn around and
say yeah but against our first Test
against Belgium you know basically we
lost 1 nil but once again eight changes
they can beat Colombia and then if they
beat Colombia to our place Sweden or
Switzerland that would be very very
difficult game for him as well but I'm
expecting him to at least to get to the
semi-finals and probably come up against
Croatia Brazil I would guess now that
with Germany been out of the tournament
that if you like a little wager that
Brazil may well be up there as one of
the favorites if not the favorite but
again haven't really hit the heights yet
of what we'd expect particularly from a
Brazil team and that man named art yeah
very much so and look they've had a
fantastic record under the new manager
Tito I think they've only lost one game
and all the times that he's taken over
very very professional outfit but like
you said and like a lot of the other big
favourites haven't really set this world
cup of light I actually think that
they've started luck like friends have
probably like Germany intended to but
basically sort of stuffed up if you like
to start off a little bit slower and now
to build up they play Mexico who are not
going to be easy for them we saw how
Mexico defeated Germany I was a little
bit concerned about their performance
against Sweden it won't be an easy game
for them but I think Brazil now you can
expect them to go up a gear and I
gear and up a gear because I truly
believe that they are the real favors
now for the toilet
finally bores the fan yet always winners
at big World Cups with their outfits in
their color who have been the starter in
the first two weeks of the people well
I'll talk about three and I'll get to
the winner at the end bronze medal I
have to save my own Australian people
though absolutely fantastic even though
we only got one point we didn't win a
game I thought that absolutely fantastic
number two silver medal Mexico like you
just said virtue coach Adelson a
fantastic but number one and I saw them
in the last group game in Australia's
group 55 thousand of them are here there
are people that have sold their houses
from this country to come here where the
Peruvians they were absolutely
magnificent I had never seen this thing
there was 40,000 at that game in Sochi
they sang for the whole 95 minutes
whatever you want to call it and the
words that I was singing I was asking
this boy next to me you know what should
translate so proud and so happy to be at
a World Cup for the first time in 36
years and in my opinion very very
unfortunate I don't think that I don't
think that they were the third best
place team in that group I actually
think that they should have gone through
wonderful wonderful tournament for Peru
and what they did great players that
Carrillo and Guerra very very good
wonderful managing director as well so
I'm going to give their number one prize
well done so Peru come first off the
pitch unfortunately not on it that is
still up for grabs that famous gold
trophy I'm delighted that mark Bosnians
will be with us for the remainder of the
tournament to give us his expert view on
the FIFA World Cup
stay with the Stan Collymore show you
will not miss a thing
the colour the fans the passion and the
punditry
