a prominent anti child abuse campaigner
has been arrested by the FBI over
allegations of pedophilia Kenneth Maupin
reports 22 year-old Joel Davis is
outspoken in his activism against sexual
violence that's what makes his recent
arrest so disturbing
Joel Davis has been arrested and it's
alleged that he attempted to engage a
minor in sexual activity and he's been
distributing child pornography now
beyond the basic charges the actual
details of the case are pretty
disturbing the FBI picked up Davis in a
sting operation now they've revealed
some of the text messages he exchanged
with undercover agents what's about to
follow is rather disturbing but it's
actually not the most disturbing part of
the correspondence during the course of
their text conversations Davis stated
that he is into children aged 0 plus and
has no limits Davis told the undercover
officers that he previously had sexual
experiences with a nine month old boy a
six-year-old girl and a seven-year-old
boy now according to the FBI Davis
actually asked the undercover agents to
send him explicit videos and photographs
of children the Department of Justice
says they are appalled by the case
conduct alleged against Joel Davis is is
unfathomable as it is sickening and as
this case demonstrates law enforcement
will keep its watchful eye on the
darkest corners of the Internet to bring
predators to justice Davis is a longtime
outspoken advocate of human rights he
had an organization with over 5,000
people
it was very well funded he gave regular
media appearances and respected in
peacetime then you're not going to be
able to protect them or respect them in
conflict like you need to you do need
the rule of law and so many conflicts
across the globe children's bodies are
quickly becoming sites of violence where
rape is used to terrorize integrate
entire communities now Davis went on to
actually give a TED talk on the subject
of expertise that event was two months
ago and the video is now unavailable
when he was giving an interview to NBC
about how he combined charity work with
his son
he said he feels like he's living a
double life those are words that would
come back to haunt him
Caleb Maupin RT New York
you
