France is trying to instill patriotism
in its young the country's Education
Ministry has made learning the national
anthem the Marseillaise compulsory for
primary school children now pupils will
be required to know the history of the
national anthem and of the creation of
the French flag they will need not just
to learn the lyrics but also to sing the
anthem at school the lion's share of the
French public some 90% approximately are
in favor of making the children learn
the children I think it's always good to
learn songs by heart as a child but
personally I find the Marseillaise a bit
bloody the text is very violent it's our
national anthem it so it makes sense for
all French people to know it yes of
course it's part of the French identity
just like the flag the tradition of
French cuisine all in all it is the
French culture we should know it I think
the more say is is somewhat aggressive
song it doesn't really represent the
values of freedom equality and brother
you know you know it's a revolutionary
song but quite brutal if you listen to
the words yes why not but the French
Republic is first of all no mercy yes
yes certainly why not we are Europeans
too
after this cultural opening towards
Europe well it's a different thing a
different issue because Europe it was
constructed while France existed for
centuries and Europe is a much more
recent development they ought to joy yes
I know it but not as the European anthem
Edith Piaf sang it in French I don't
know it neither do i and you do you know
it and while learning to be French
Patriots children also be reminded of
the need to be good Europeans is the
laws that we taught to recognize the
European flag and the anthem the ode to
joy'
the national movement whether we appear
to learn that our pupils will have to
sing the Marseillaise but the NASA is
only there is no need to know anything
about so-called European unseen you know
that's probably the mr. muffinz method
it gives you something on one end but on
the other end it forces you to accept
something else
you know Emmanuel macron France is too
small for him is a citizen of the world
is a big fan of globalism it's a big
mistake and it's a very old-fashioned
idea at the very time we're in Russia in
the United States in Italy and Slovenia
in Austria our student France national
national ID is back
you
