Panama or Tunisia they were playing in
sir Rance Panama took the lead to music
came back to win it a lot of pride being
played for and I think they did their
country's proud it was a pretty good
game so let's have a look at this
opening goal and it was Panama well it's
actually given us as an own goal so
Rodriquez hits it but it's a Rodriguez
shoot a shot and he thinks he's scored
but the moriah de flexible and so the
rules are that if the ball would have
gone in had no one touched it then the
player who hits the ball gets it but
apparently it wouldn't so it hit my
heart Moriah changed the direction when
in the back of the net so it goes down
as an ongoing slide shame I think for
Rodriguez he would become a national
hero I think we know how how much they
appreciated that goal in the last game
against England then came that yuneisia
come back they would have been favored
to win this match and they showed their
strength 51 minutes Ben you severed
nicely worked move absolutely and
there's no doubt about Tanisha's quality
it's taken them a little bit too long to
show that and you can argue that against
the team like Panama yes it's easy to to
show that you have better team they came
into this tournament as the highest
ranking African nation they didn't show
that in the first two games against
Belgium England first and then Belgium
in the second game but in the second
second half today neo that they were a
class act and I think they deserved to
win the game so they got the winner in
the 66 minutes and it was a Barbie cat
castle a second of the tournament this
was a second of the tournament and it
was yeah it was a touch in but that the
whole play up to that goal was really
good and that will make Herrmann gomers
sorry Moses has then happy didn't
qualify that some some some kind of deal
it's a very disappointed sized
they came in as I said the highest
ranking team they were very unlucky to
to lose their very best player a couple
of weeks before the World Cup to an
injury
you
