England against Belgium Belgium what it
with lot not a lot of quality in this
match but the goal was was very good
yeah I think I think we saw the
shortcomings of of that England squad
it's a very young squad and today they
did not I mean they didn't take the
opportunity that was giving to them by
the manager I thought on the other hand
some of the Belgium players they were
were doing exactly that one of them are
former Manchester United player Adnan
januzaj and he scored the only goal in
the game and what a cracker that was he
went left then he went right anyone left
again and he curled it up into the top
corner and there I think that we can see
that goal now or that was that was
something special to wait for in that
game there were few and far between
there were these moments of quality you
were thinking maybe somebody would take
their chance to impress the manager I
mean to be fair again as I did that
that's exactly what I thought that one
of some of these guys would do and they
don't get much playing time a lot of the
players that were in there we sold any
world they come up come in at the very
last 10 minutes I think
and he hasn't featured at all Danny
Welbeck is a class player plays for
Arsenal but there he hasn't he hasn't
played at all and here we we see the
result England losing 1 notes of Belgium
and what this does and gives it in the
in sort of the way ahead is it gives a
little bit more belief in the Belgium
team we know when they play their best
team they are a world-class outfit but
what happens and it happens quite often
is that if you get injury or suspensions
you don't have the players to put on but
I thought some of the players today in
that Belgium side there actually did
well Fellaini did well I was very
surprised to that he played a really
good game today as I said yeah no sigh
as well so you know it's a it's for
Belgium today was a good day anybody
stand out for you
in the England 11/8 changes remember
it's really difficult to stand out I
mean one of the players I like him a lot
is Jamie Vardy he was trying and trying
and trying but to be on his own is it's
difficult and the way that England play
is not completely to the way that Jamie
Riley wants to play he wants to have
them in the spaces whether but at the
ball in the England said I was played
more Harry McGuire that came on I
thought he was excellent when he came on
and didn't have a chance in this game
and it came courtesy of arty very nice
turn played Rossford clean through and
and a student should have sport it's the
one criticism people have and me
including of rush or is he gets into so
many great goal scoring positions but
he's not clinical yet he gets the
chances but once he starts putting a few
away I think he will be a prolific
goalscorer but at the moment he's
struggling a little bit to find the back
of the net
he should have scored it was a fingertip
if not even a fingertip it was the out
that it was a little bit of the nail the
one that one bit of the nail you can't
see that he that the courts were saved
the ball with and even in the replays it
was difficult to see that he saved the
ball but the referee gave the corner key
so he must have done that so and that
was just about the only thing that
England had in the whole game and that I
think for South games will be very
disappointing he's okay it was a
cautious cautious approach to the game
but I think he was wishing for someone
just someone to do anything that would
give him a problem when he's gonna pick
his team next time he's gonna be now I
mean we are where are we 15 minutes away
from that game finishing he knows
exactly what he live in plays he's gonna
play in the next game
he's got no problems with that and that
I think he will be a little bit
disappointing for him
you
