actually it's a very big trove of
information it was eight years in the
making and it's all about British spies
and their involvement in torture and
rendition or rather the extent of
British involvement in torture and
rendition in the years after 9/11 during
the so-called war on terror the report
says that the UK tolerated inexcusable
treatment of US detainees and that
although there was no smoking gun per se
the policy of the UK side appears to
have been to simply close their eyes to
what the US was getting up to with
detainees the phrase used in the
reporters that agencies deliberately
overlooked reports of mistreatment and
rendition as a matter of institutional
policy now Teresa May has already
responded to this these reports
publications
she said that UK personnel were working
in a very new and challenging
environment at the time which in some
cases they weren't prepared for and it
took too long the prime minister said to
recognise that guidance and training for
staff was inadequate and that detainee
related work remains important and at
times difficult but that intelligence
and Armed Forces personnel and are now
much better placed to meet that
challenge and also perhaps given the
content of the report and how much it
relates back to what was taking place in
the u.s. at the time or what was being
done by US agencies there have been
rumors swirling around this week in some
of the papers that the US government
tried to censor the publication before
it came out that was something that was
denied by the head of the committee that
published the report Dominick grieve and
I've also got to say that the u.s. is
yet to comment on the publication that
was made by the British government today
you
