the first official summit between the
Russian and US presidents will be held
in July in Helsinki the highly
anticipated meeting in the Finnish
capital has already created a ripple of
anxiety through Europe according to the
media
Arty's Jacqueline Vega has more well
we've had official statements from both
the Kremlin and the White House saying
that the two will be meeting in Helsinki
Finland on July the 16th and the
statement said that the two will be
discussing relations between the US and
Russia which of course both presidents
have been lamenting for quite some time
the state of them below that there at at
this point in time and it also said that
they'll be talking about a range of
national security issues among that
they're likely to touch on topics such
as Syria and Ukraine now as you
mentioned earlier this is the first
official summit between the two presents
although they have spoken on the phone
several times and they have actually met
in person a couple of times as well the
last was on the sidelines of an economic
conference in Vietnam in November of
last year with us who seem to get on
quite well
so they have the two we're all smiles
and we have to only to wait and see what
will come out of this meeting and if it
will be productive as well the summit
has been in the works for quite a while
now and it was only officially announced
yesterday on Wednesday during a visit by
Trump's national security adviser here
in Moscow John Bolton and at the time
out of press conference after meeting
with President Putin Dumbleton stressed
the importance of this meeting and what
it signifies let's listen to what he had
to say the fact is that it's important
for the leaders of these two countries
to me there are a wide range of issues
despite the differences between us where
both President Trump and President Putin
think they may be able to find
constructive solutions I'd like to hear
someone say that's a bad idea now that
almost sounds like a challenge coming
from Bolton and perhaps unsurprisingly
people both at home and abroad are
taking him up on it as fears are being
raised over the meeting between Trump
and Putin and the media is awash with
articles on that topic most of the
concerns seem to be coming from NATO
members who fear what Trump might
promised Putin when the two of them get
together the NATO members surely fear
that Trump could call for a reduction in
troops and equipment or even possibly
the suspension of drills that are
carried out in the region and back at
home for Trump he's likely to have
criticism coming from people who will
say once again that they hold
responsible for all the accusations
surrounding the meddling in the 2016
election they'll say that he's a gang
not being tough enough on Russia and it
could also also possibly bring up the
specter of collusion once again not that
it ever really went away but it will
bring it to the forefront once again
more than likely but at this point it
seems like the summit is full steam
ahead and it's much anticipated so we'll
be watching and waiting to see what
comes out of it
you
