two new surveys revealed some Europeans
are starting to doubt the necessity of
the EU nearly two-thirds of the people
that responded to a new poll say things
wouldn't be any worse without the bloc
the Brussels based think tank behind the
survey also found that 49% consider the
European Union irrelevant transparency
is also an issue for citizens it seems
according to the research as well as
frustration at leaders for not focusing
on the issues that people really care
about are listening to them that's not
quite how the power brokers in Brussels
would see it though of course the e is
foreign policy chief said recently that
the world wouldn't survive without the
28th state union close your eyes and
imagine for one moment the European
Union disappeared from the global scene
right now let us say for a month or week
even for a few days the world will
simply collapse the world is not in a
good shape true but without the European
Union it will be in a much worse
situation Brussels based journalist
lugar evade told me why he thinks
there's such a noticeable divide between
the EU leadership and its citizens the
lost story of Europeans with Europe is
coming to an end the people still feel
Europeans fine but it's secondary it's
not very important and they don't
realize that all directors of their own
legislation in their own country comes
from Brussels through the directors
produced by the European Commission and
approved by the European Parliament so
it is it is a strange situation into
which Europe is very important for
European citizens but they don't
perceive it you know and they they
prefer their national identity they keep
their national entity they now want
their borders back because they see that
European borders don't function after
four years of problems so that's the
situation now and mrs. mogherini can say
whatever she she wants to say but she's
not a hero for the Europeans
you
