hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report I'm looking into my crystal ball
although things are looking red and
fiery what could this possibly mean
let's check in with the ever
knowledgeable Stasi that kind of reminds
me of Paris cuz we're in Paris yes new
some old Paree a similar effect what
does this mean we're in Paris we are in
the city of love the City of Lights
rekindling our love and our so since we
were in Ireland we've been travelling
about you know Portugal the South of
France we were in Monaco and a lot of
things have happened in the last few
days and including that the MEP s the
members of the European Parliament they
voted to approve the controversial
article 13 which critics warned could
put an end to memes remixes and other
user-generated content article 11
requiring online platforms to pay
publishers a fee if they link to their
news content was also approved this has
to go to a larger vote sometime in July
but just say you know they're looking to
destroy memes user-generated content and
even linking to contests well you know
there's a fantastic series of videos on
the web called everything is a remix and
it makes the point that everything is
derived from something goes back to the
beginning of time the beginning of
consciousness the beginning of humanity
is our birthright to think to use the
thoughts that have come before us to
create and build upon to say no we're
gonna draw a line in it in 2018 and
everything henceforth it's ours it's
ours and everything from 2018 the
beginning of humanity is not yours
it's ours it's ours okay that is just
pure unadulterated uncut greed it's a
lobotomy it's performing a lobotomy on
humanity for the sake of corporate
hegemony and it's disgusting and these
people should be held accountable for
this transgression of my human rights of
course you need to have access to your
own thoughts so of course the World Cup
has been going on by the way I did see
some sort of spanish-speaking television
presenter when Mexico beat Germany there
yes of course he got that for me
it's my technique it's now spread oh you
know everyone's into it you know I did
learn something and if you go to
fivethirtyeight.com they have a good
interpretation of Lionel Messi because
you know line
Messi famously always messes up on his
penalty shots but he famously walks all
the time unlike everybody else in the
soccer field they run and had I known
that that that is possible he's like one
of the greatest players in the last
decade or two yes and he walks all the
time where everybody runs and yet
they've actually done a study where they
show that he occupies the space better
than most people who knows where the
play is about to be these are Wayne
Gretzky of football lionel messi genius
and ronaldo they dominate the 21st
century
who's better no one but I used to play
soccer as it's called in America when I
was a kid but I had to run too much and
I thought this I beat this game he sees
the board as the match of the pitch for
DHS of course the trade war with China
is heating up it's actually seems to be
getting worse and worse between Trump
keeps on you know setting trade policy
by tweet I wrote something about this
for rt.com
and I interpreted the entire trade war
situation and I gave my view if you are
to understand what's happening if you
were to look at it as Trump season you
have to get into Trump's mind to
understand exactly what's going on just
blown thanks max well you can just go in
there and see what he sees and well to
give it a quick synopsis basically
unique came off as he said look the
military is half of the tax revenue of
1.5 trillion we got to cut that if you
look at the big geopolitical war board
he said it gave make peace of the Korea
cut back there destroying NATO cut back
there and have Saudi Arabian Israel
become friends cut back there that's all
military cuts and then from there he
will begin to downsize the Pentagon and
then China will try to attack but of
course they can't because it means
they'll go into freefall and complete
collapse then they will have to start to
underprice against other currencies to
export their way out of that recession
we're back the beginning I'm not sure
about that because that in fact there
are very strong signs of the u.s.
military's expanding their presence
around China and surrounding China but
we'll get to that in another episode
sometime in the future of cries report
about why Max Keiser
interpretation was wrong I challenged I
am going to I'm going to say that we
were also dead at Monaco and we were
quite struck because you had lived down
in the area Villefranche samara for like
three four years i had lived there for
about a year it was remarkable to see
the amount of construction going on
there so I did a Google search to find
out what is going on with Monaco because
our suspicion was that this is the
result we hadn't really been down there
since the financial crisis post the
financial crisis and we had an inkling
that perhaps this is because of the
central banks these this is ECB this is
US Federal Reserve this is all the money
printing that is going on this is what
we're seeing is the explosion of the
billionaire and ultra high-net-worth
individuals well Monaco builds into the
Med to house new throng of super-rich
construction has begun on a two billion
dollar scheme to reclaim land from the
sea around Monaco so that more luxury
apartments can be built for the
thousands of extra millionaires expected
to move in to the Principality in the
next ten years nearly 35 and every 100
Monaco residents are millionaires and
more of the global super-rich want to
join them around 2,700 more expected to
call Monaco home by 2026 according to
research by the estate agent Knight
Frank take the total to sixteen thousand
one hundred out of a total population of
under 38 thousand you seen Europe quite
clearly going back to the financial
crisis as you mentioned so when you had
Athens and in Greece collapse and you
had Dublin go through a huge crisis and
now you have italy collapsing and you
have the ACB bailing out the creditor
banks not the debtors but the creditors
the creditors take that money and they
put it right into Monaco that's where
the money goes it doesn't go for example
Greece is still in freefall Greece is
still a basket case Greece is a lost
cost country Italy is about to crash
because the money that's being printed
and the ECB printed trillions of euros
it doesn't go to help these economies it
goes to Monica
it goes to the people in Monaco and it
goes to 21 22 trillion dollars estimated
offshore money that's managed for these
people that get all the free money from
the central bank so you see it the
manifestation of it in Monica well the
more they print
money that goes to the very very elite
the more the faster they need to print
because the thing is that when they if
they weren't on that that quantitative
easing for the people for example as
Steve keen has suggested is that it
would have kept on circulating within
the economy and perhaps created a lot of
inflation well here they're causing
deflation because it's being sucked out
of our economies they're handing they're
printing up money handing it to these
billionaire class and they're going
somewhere where they don't have to pay
taxes and mingle with an ordinary people
well I'm glad people are coming around
to my point of view the money printing
that's been going on since 2008 has
caused deflation not inflation you see
that because there's been no wage growth
that would be inflation you see
deflation in that you see the
concentration of the ultra rich in one
place called Monaco and so that's
exactly what's been going on so Prince
Albert has approved this extensions two
billion dollars is an offshore urban
extension project it's just six hectares
to billion dollars for that the property
on it will sell for $100,000 per square
meter so it's called the port a cove
ecological neighborhood right well it's
you know it's a petting zoo for
billionaires yeah in Monaco and the
trees have microphones so they're
monitoring every single thing you say
every single step you take everything
you possibly can communicate in that
Principality is is called is monitored
by the government very very closely and
they don't care because they are part of
the casino gulag they are though it's
there the house and the casino go like
literally they have Monte Carlo you know
here's a little picture of the best
support that's where they extended it
that's in 2002 the last extension work
they did in Monaco and that's where they
bring in the huge ships but up here is
Monte Carlo the casino and this is the
bit they're gonna be building right
there you can see right here is filled
greens yeah you know Green took a
billion dollars out of Arcadia a letter
to the company up with debt and then
they've got into financial trouble
exactly as we predicted and he took that
billion put his wife name in Monaco he
lives on that yacht but that's just not
to say Phil green is more or less any
much of a schemata than any of these
other billionaires that live
in this particular piece of real estate
he's just a card you know garden-variety
schmuck and so the the article also
finally before I move on to the next
final headline here they did say that
this was this finally got the green
light they had a green light before but
the financial crisis caused them to
retreat so that for a while there was an
equal impact globally in fact the
wealthiest got hit the most and the
beginning in 2008-2009 during the
financial crisis but as we've seen that
the bottom is still where they were in
2008 and 2009 the wealthy class are way
up here because of all the most big
difference is that if I have a portfolio
that's worth a billion dollars even 100
million or 50 million and it's like 50
percent markdown I can call up XYZ Hank
Paulson or any regulator and say I'm
down 50 million or a hundred billion can
you please send it to me right now lend
it to me work your way up through a huge
stock market rally and then pay that off
gradually but you never suffer one
single day where are you losing a penny
that's only for anyone who's below the
50 million dollar line as HSBC has
proven well I mean these were the titans
of industry these were the bankers these
were the guys selling bonds and what
they saw is that yes the the entire
financial system collapsed and the
politicians are just politicians right
most of them are not like Trump they're
not billionaires right they're not from
that class of people most of them are
just ordinary people of them bureaucrats
for you know wealthy bureaucrats for the
last decades and then they thought they
were going to help the economy but I
think these guys just did a runner they
knew like if they're if they're willing
to give us a money let's just take it
and run because we've collapsed the
economy and a separate coming back but
of course during 2008 2009 was when
Bitcoin came about and I know you're
gonna be interviewing Simon Dixon in the
second half so I wanted to get this
final headline here the SEC will leave
good icos alone
William hitman the director of the
division of corporation finance at the
Securities and Exchange Commission gave
a smart and nuanced speech yesterday
which was the 14th of June declaring the
ether the cryptocurrency
of the ethereum Network is not a
security and so is not subject to the
requirements of US securities law he
said quote putting aside the fund
raising
accompanied the creation of ether based
on my understanding of the present state
of ether the etherium Network and its
decentralized structure current offers
and sales of ether are not securities
transactions and as with Bitcoin
applying the disclosure regime of the
federal securities laws to current
transactions in ether would seem to add
little value right so as you see showing
their hands that they're completely
pliable when it comes to applying the
securities laws of 33 and 34 so they are
now you know bendable that is a
testament to how many people on Wall
Street are participating in ether you
know this guy who made two hundred
million dollars training ether no
regrets Novogratz right to ether Wall
Street guy he's a made man so they call
up Novogratz and they get his opinion
he's like no I'll do it this way and had
it come earlier it would have a
different outcome but because they're
now embedded in the system and the right
guys are making money they'll they
change the law accordingly as I've said
many many times
the SEC changes laws per what the
bankers want well you'll talk to Simon
more about it but actually he says some
interesting stuff and he he agrees that
you can raise money as a security for
something that changes I you raise money
for a decentralized platform and this is
a new business model that hasn't been
used before in America and he agrees
then it then becomes not a security once
it's a decentralized platform so he did
say you know a theorem was a security he
did point that out that it was the
security the way they launched
themselves but now it's basically too
late the years have gone by and it's
like it's not worth proceeding at this
moment because it's no longer a security
I would posit that they raised money
against these securities laws of 33 and
34 this and the SEC has come out and
said and we're reliable okay that's
their choice all right well we're gonna
take a break and when we come back it'll
be Simon Dixon
don't go away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to go to the Isle of
Man and speak with Simon Dixon of Bank
to the future Simon Dixon welcome back
hey max thanks having me
alrighty let's get into some heavy duty
crypto action here the sec official they
shocked the global crypto community when
he declared that ether is not in fact a
security what argument did the SEC make
to support this and do you agree Simon
so this kind of falls into your
wheelhouse over there over there back to
the future what you guys do so how was
this interpreted Simon so what the SEC
came out and stated is that Bitcoin and
etherium are not securities because
they're sufficiently decentralized and
therefore what it proved is that you can
sell something as a security because
there's no doubt they didn't comment but
they did leave out the information
stating the ether when it have
regionally started probably was a
security because it didn't exist and it
was something they were selling to
people and people were purchasing it
with the expectation of a return and
therefore it meets the definition of a
security but over time they've stated
then this becomes sufficiently
decentralized whereby something can
start as a security and Wharf into a non
security now this is very interesting
for the crypto market because it's the
assumption of how I TOS our souls now so
initial coin offering so where you offer
the world to purchase your token in
exchange for a cryptocurrency to launch
some kind of network or decentralized
token or something else but by by
stating that ether is not a security
it's essentially allowed for the
innovation to grow in this market and
see for these things to be sold in
compliance with securities laws but
later can still trade on crypto market
where if they merge into not being a
security like what happens with ether
it's been a question for quite some time
now what exactly is Bitcoin
what are crypto
currencies are they securities are they
currencies are they
bonds are they commodities so apparently
the SCC is saying that it's some kind of
morphing shape-shifting quasi entity
that can like a chameleon we go from
being not a security upon when it's
offered and then it becomes a security
later so but as you point out Simon it
seems as though the regulator in this
case is kind of tipping their hat to
innovation that they're they're saying
that we don't want to clamp down on this
space too hard you want to give it some
room to grow it's not your perception
well yeah I mean you've got to remember
that the whole world wants to take that
you know crypto and blockchain Bitcoin
is where all the jobs are where all the
growth is you know bankers realizing
that they don't want to work for banks
anymore they want to be involved in a
crypto blockchain Bitcoin startup
whatever that perception is all
countries all around the world are
experienced in double-digit growth in
terms of employment all the money is
going in all the investments going in
here the whole world wants to see the
disruption of traditional banking and
finance and nobody wants to be a part of
the legacy system so the SEC realized
that if they don't embrace this sector
then there's every country in the world
that wants a disrupt Wall Street that
wants them to such Silicon Valley and
they will take all the jobs all the
innovation and the complete reinvention
of the financial markets so the SEC
really has no choice if they want to
protect Silicon Valley Wall Street and
all the entrenched interest they have to
embrace a sector which is really what
came from this this whole you know
Bitcoin experiment that Bitcoin is now
disrupting central banking and aetherium
has come along and now started to
defraud Wall Street with IPOs and now
people are deciding that they the worst
place in the world to be is Silicon
Valley because you can go offshore and
you can raise significantly more money
than you can raise in Silicon Valley and
now you know with aetherium not ether
not being a security it's opening up
complete global markets and that's a
real problem for Wall Street and so the
SEC needs to make sure that they
you know embracing that before
everything goes outside of America so
walk me through what is happening let's
call it jurisdiction shopping so this
industry the script I went astray it's
highly mobile it's can move wherever the
jurisdiction is friendliest and there
have been a number of places that have
said hey we want to be the Switzerland
of crypto and as a matter of fact
Switzerland said they want to be the
Switzerland of crypto Isle of Man where
you are now has made kind of gestures in
that direction you know Hong Kong was in
the running Singapore's and then running
can you give me a bird's-eye view of
where the best jurisdictions are
currently for crypto and how you see
that because it is pretty dynamic and it
changes every few months on yeah I mean
it's constantly changing and governments
are making their decisions of where to
go and everyone has to make a decision
and every country will have to make a
decision and I believe that crypto is
going to shape their political future
and campaigns and who gets them you know
elected in the future as we can see
based upon no crypto policies so you've
got one approach we just do what China
did China said that we're gonna make
exchanges and we're gonna get rid of
them all and we're gonna make exchange
you know we're gonna get rid of all the
exchanges now the problem is is that
there's all people in China that do a
mining and when you're mining a crypto
currency essentially what you're doing
is you're taking your Chinese yuan
you're investing it in machinery and
that machinery produces Bitcoin or other
crypto currencies and once it's produced
into Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies
it can go anywhere in the world and it
can be traded for anything and so really
what China did is they allowed the
industry that actually was the thing
that was disrupting some of their
capital controls and then they shut down
the exchanges and when they shut down
the exchanges what they did is they gave
all the data all the money laundering
data all the ID verification all the
policies away from China said that they
couldn't control that data and gave it
essentially to Japan and Korea because
Japan is embracing the industry and what
Japan said is if all the jobs are here
if all the growth is here then we better
get control of the injury put put
together some regulatory structure
and actually then we can tax it then we
can control the data we can regulate the
exchanges we can find out what people
are doing with the money because all the
problems happen in this intersection
between traditional fiat money and
crypto and so you've got those two
extreme examples China realize all the
innovation and all the data went to
Japan Japan's become the center of you
know the Asian markets for crypto and
then everyone's looking at those and
saying well what are we gonna do well
the SEC said you know America starting
to realize you know we are not as
important in the world as we used to be
we need to get on top of this before we
lose our Wall Street Silicon Valley and
the importance of the US dollar then all
the other little jurisdictions Moltar
eylem and switzerland as you say as he
stated are all coming along and saying
well this is our opportunity if this is
a global market all we need to do is
create a friendly environment to support
these businesses we can get all the
growth all the jobs all the business and
everything that resolves around the
disruption of the traditional financial
markets and then couple that the fact
that you got Bitcoin that is now giving
people the ability to transact globally
without the banking system and then
you've got stable coins which are come
along and saying well there's no longer
a monopoly on the dollar BitFenix can
create their own dollar i'll a man can
create their own dollar and they can
just create a cryptocurrency backed by
the dollar that then has to compete and
you can decide which jurisdiction is
right for you based upon your policies
where you want to be within the world
and that is a truly dramatic significant
change in the importance of dollar Wall
Street and Silicon Valley in the world
now you mentioned bid for next there for
a second and stable coins and they have
a what they call a tether which is a
stable coin it's tied to the US dollar
the price remains tied to the US dollar
there's no volatility there they were
just in the news recently the a legal
opinion came out there were some
questions about the tether because the
industry is moving so fast it's kind of
a head of the accounting industry the
accounting industry has certain statutes
that they have to comply with but as we
were saying with the regulator's they
have no idea whether this was a fish of
well they had how to regulate it they
finally coming up with some solutions
the accounting industry is even further
behind the curve than the regulator's
but tether is an example with what are
you what's your view with with tether I
think this is kind of a hot-button issue
out there the question of their their
backing their banking backing that the
dollars etc do you have an opinion on
that
well I should disclose I am a
shareholder in BitFenix and the same
team that management Phoenix managed
tether so I I don't I can't speak and
partially around that subject but you
know getting getting to the question the
point is that now private companies
governments competing governments can
now actually create their own innovation
and now whether the innovation is like
tether where you have you know the
dollars in a Taiwanese bank and then the
US and the Federal Reserve try and get
in the way of that system and cause
problems because they recognizes this
and then you have into jurisdictional
issues and clearing issues and all that
type of stuff the friction is always in
in the fiat money and the cryptocurrency
might be what tether actually does as it
produces a valuable service whereby
money can flow in fear without
volatility from exchange to exchange
from jurisdiction to jurisdiction the
challenge is this is using the legacy
traditional financial system and
therefore you need to rely on trust
audits accounting and the trust of the
counterparty and so you know that has
its own complications and so it's not
really a crypto problem is actually a
Fiat problem and then that is
highlighting why people over time while
people do need the you know everyone
needs the ability to have volatile s
volatility and when they're paying their
rent or buying houses and that's where
these stable coins come in and if you
don't like the way BitFenix are doing it
then another startup will come up with
another model or another country will
come up with another credit risk model
and they can all compete and people can
choose what type of zola they want in
the future how they want to transact and
then ultimately what it does is it
drives the value proposition the Bitcoin
which allows you to own your own money
Jero money and have a monetary policy
based upon savings rather than debt take
a look at the exchanges since Mount
God's blow-up of 2014 there's been a lot
of improvement correct yes so the
exchanges are always going to be the
choke points they're the easiest place
for governments to target and so there's
a lot of innovation that's happening
around there firstly I believe that
there's going to be three different
types of exchanges in the future and all
of those exist right now you're going to
have exchanges which fully comply with
local jurisdiction and local regulations
and the government's will get all the
data and people that want to use those
exchanges we use those you'll also have
wanted to set up in privacy centric
jurisdictions that allow for you know
people to flow money through those in
line with their local laws and therefore
you know create a bit of a you know less
seamless environment or whatever that
might be and then you've got the
decentralized exchange is at the moment
those are not usable they're not
friendly
but they're getting better and better
and better and as the protocol
technology like lightning Network and
things like that are getting better
you're gonna see so much innovation but
my full-time job and bank to the future
is to stay up to date with this industry
and I cannot keep up with what's
happening all right hold it right there
we're gonna say goodbye but hopefully
you can stay around for a second segment
if you can but we'll say adios for this
edition of the Kaiser report with me max
guys all right Stacy I would like to
thank our guests Simon Dickson's a bank
in the future it can catch us on Twitter
at cards report until next time bye
