hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
the fruit of the poisonous tree this is
what critics are calling the ongoing
investigation of alleged Trump World
collusion with Russia during the 2016
election in the meantime the upper
echelons of the FBI have been decimated
over proven misconduct as Russia Gate
morphed into FBI gate
crosstalking investigations I'm joined
by my guest
Doug Wead in Washington he's a
presidential historian and a former
White House adviser to two American
presidents also in Washington we have
Richard Goodstein he is a democratic
political strategist and former adviser
to Hillary Clinton's two presidential
campaigns and in New York we have Lionel
he is a legal analyst and a news decoder
at Lionel media dot-com all right
gentlemen crosstalk rules in effect that
means you can jump in anytime you want
and I always appreciate Lionel let me go
to you first in New York I was I don't
usually read The Wall Street Journal but
I did come across a fascinating op-ed a
few days ago
Muller's fruit of the poisonous tree it
makes no difference how honorable he is
his investigation is tainted by the bias
that attended it to origin in 2016 is
this investigation the result of a
poisonous tree go ahead Lionel II and
you're a legal analyst so go ahead
indeed the doctrine of the fruit of the
poisonous tree is applicable and also
keep in mind where all of this started
from was Hillary Clinton trying to
explain to the world how she lost a
rigged election everything that followed
all of the derivative analyses all of
the investigations all became relevant
because of that initial attempt on her
part to explain either how she lost or
how the Russians were somehow involved
in it and then as it evolved the
American people understand there are
biases it's okay for an FBI agent to
have a political inclination that's one
thing but this makes Watergate look like
a walk in the park it is contaminated it
is oh she owes Alec it's rank succulent
and it's all there for our viewing
pleasure okay Richard I'm suppose I'm
it's really obviously I'll give you the
opposing position go ahead my friend so
I read that Wall Street Journal piece
that you refer to which I frankly Peter
saw as twisted bordering on the deranged
for this reason if Peter struck would
single handedly out to keep Donald Trump
from being present he knew everything
about the counterintelligence
investigation of
Oh Trump he knew that Don jr. and the
rest of the crew met with the Russians
in Trump Tower
he knew the Papadopoulos had met with
you know had bragged to the Australian
ambassador about the dope of the dirt on
on Hillary he knew about Felix ater
trying to get a Trump Tower
Moscow bill he knew that there was fake
that would lies put out about about that
Trump Tower meeting and yet he did
nothing to disclose to the public that
this counterintelligence investigation
was going on
before Donald Trump got elected and and
at the same time he encouraged Comey to
put out that letter that was so damaging
10 days before the campaign was over
that what Struck's doing so to me this
notion that the fruit of the poisonous
tree is twisted it is it is perverse and
as I said I think kind of deranged and
it speaks to how people want to kind of
see ghosts you know Donald Trump refers
to this as a witch hunt the probably the
phrase witch hunt became because there
were no witches Muller's gotten five
plea agreements he's gotten another
dozen or more people and it√≠d these are
not witches these are real humans who
have pled guilty to crimes so sorry if
somehow or other okay no because
Richards tried to be honest here all of
these crimes have nothing to do with
Russia number one okay at least the
Russian government here let me go to
Doug let me in and I want to agree with
Lionel and Richard here because Richard
said something that's very interesting
you see what you want in this both sides
see exactly what they want and we've
been watching this go on for two years
but Doug I think one of the things that
I would contest with Richard is that we
don't really know when this
counterintelligence operations started
because the players that are involved
keep changing their story okay was
supposed to be July now it looks like it
was in spring and we have the issue of
informants or spies whatever word you
want but it looks like they were looking
at members of the FBI we're looking at
the Trump campaign much earlier and that
my account for Richard I'm going to
speak to Doug right now the the
insurance policy that struck talked
about go ahead Doug what is your take on
everything we've heard so far
yeah well there's a very good reason why
Peter struck didn't leak some of this
because there was nothing to leak he
didn't know that the media would cover
it so well I mean 12 year olds Paul
Manafort deals that we all knew about in
Washington anyway I would say this I
would say why wouldn't you recuse
yourself a person of integrity if it was
the other way around if it was a
pro-republican in there Andy McCabe if
your wife is getting $700,000 and you
know that 500,000 of that money is
coming from Terry McAuliffe who was the
1996 Clinton re-election finance
chairman you know that money's coming
from their Hawaii wouldn't you want to
recuse yourself this is a professional
organization the FBI so it's really bad
there's one simple reason why they
didn't recuse himself they thought
Hillary was gonna win exactly Andrew
McCabe thought he'd be the FBI director
and Peter struck was on the fast track
to promotion as well that's why they
didn't expose any of it
okay because it's two against two
against one Richard please jump in go
ahead just a quick thing on this McCabe
business his wife was a Democratic
candidate for the a state Senate
position in Virginia she got help from
the Democratic Party in Virginia to turn
this into Hillary Clinton money again is
twisted it's it's really kind of making
facts up no and people's keep doing okay
we're not going to resolve that
particular issue on this program here
let me go to Lionel I I'm not gonna put
words into anyone's mouth and I can read
someone's text messages this is from
Peter struck and they I mean I did Lisa
page and Peter struck actually do any
work I mean how many times they message
each other but here's one of them well
we will we will stop him and it was
directed at Trump we will stop him I
think and it's I think all of us would
agree
you could have you could call Trump an
idiot a fool a buffoon that's fine but
when you start reading these texts it
looks more like a plan to me and I don't
think that's twisted go ahead Lionel
well here is a question - not only did
they work but these were putative lovers
did they ever love but that's for
another show look let's go for the big
hit parade let's look at mr. mr.
Muller's track record you got man
affording gates predated antedated Trump
big deal so what do whatever you want
then you've got Flynn and Papadopoulos
who get this are indicted for lying so
your main witness plead guilty to lying
now I'm an ex prosecutor and there's
nothing worse to call your first witness
you pled guilty to lying yes but you're
not lying now you're with it
then he dies 13 BOTS some imaginary
Russians who they figured wow they're
not gonna show up in the court some did
and that came on the heels of the FBI
trying to explain why they basically
ignored protests and warnings of some
kid who was about to shoot up at school
so you know what you know what mothers
got so far that's it that's the big
that's the big nothing burger every see
anyone that's watched this program for
the last two years knows that I think
this is a you know delusion this whole
thing but what I'm really more
interested in because of looking for
collusion they've actually found what I
believe is true corruption in the FBI
and I think that's what's really
interesting here Richard I mean you have
major figures over the last few months
that have left the FBI and it's all
because of these investigations here
I mean do you or do you support a
thorough investigation I'm not saying I
don't like special prosecutors but I
think there needs to be a cleaning of
house here there's just too much that
has come out with the IG report that
really casts a lot of doubt on the the
bias of the upper echelon of the FBI and
I think the American people have a right
to know go ahead Richard
so I think a lot of these FBI officials
who have left left because they are
nauseated that Donald Trump runs the
government and looks like he wants to
run the FBI like a mob boss look his
hero was Roy Cohn who was basically a
lawyer to the mob and Roy Cohn was a
fixer and he thinks the Justice
Department and the FBI should act as his
personal fixers and when they don't he's
offended he's offended that Comey
wouldn't drop a case which he asked to
do it Mike Flynn and one final thing go
ahead and believe me one foreign appoint
you know Doug Doug said well the reason
that struck did and put the word out
about Trump being subject to a
counterintelligence investigation about
Russian collusion is that nobody
interested would be interested Trump won
by a handful of votes in Michigan in
Wisconsin
do you think that really nobody in those
states would just kind of go oh whatever
Trump and the Russians oh forget it
no heck no that if they really wanted to
take Trump down he would have put the
word out and he didn't that's what makes
this whole thing so ridiculous this
notion of struck somehow trying to take
Trump out okay but we don't know
everything yet Richard let me go to Doug
because the second half the second
volume of the IG report we'll be talking
about that but but Doug it seems mean
one minute before we go to the break
here I mean it I think we've learned
enough so far and we're going to learn a
whole lot more because a lot of people
gonna start testifying in front of a
Congress is that there was there was
some kind of collusion going on in the
FBI from the evidence that we have now
go ahead Doug yeah absolutely and there
there were no statements pro-trump among
these FBI people Richard's been turning
it around to make it sound like Trump is
running the FBI look we have the
judicial branch the legislative branch
the executive branch we do not have the
Justice of Department branch they're not
independent nobody elected them they
come under the executive branch they
should be Donald Trump's Justice
Department not Obama's Justice
Department the American people elected
Trump not Clinton sorry okay but you
Doug but at the same time you do have
Jeff Sessions and you have Christopher
rate they're being very tepid right here
and when we get back from the break I
want to talk about why those two
characters
are weighing in the way they are okay
gentlemen gonna jump in after a short
break we'll continue our discussion on
the FBI and Russia gate welcome back to
crosstalk where all things are
considered on Peterloo belt remind you
were discussing the FBI in Russia gate
okay let's go back to Lionel in New York
I know the other character outside of
Peter struck that I find very very
interesting even kind of mysterious is
rod Rosenstein I mean why hasn't he
recused himself because he's actually a
witness in all of this stuff and he's
overseeing the Muller investigation I
find that to be very troubling go ahead
Lionel because there's a sense of
paralysis they're not suppose this is
not supposed to happen for the longest
time you know we've used the term deep
state or Intel state or police state or
whatever you want to call it whatever
you want to call this government within
a government but for years they've
they've run this with impunity and by
the way this is not the frontline the
rank-and-file FBI ages are out there
investigating bank robberies and federal
fishing violations those are great
people same thing for the DOJ but this
is the what the seventh floor this
notorious group they don't know what's
happening they went into this Kok Shore
ready to go they thought they were
locked and loaded then we're going to
somehow bring the part or caused the
dissolution of the house of Trump and
not one think about this not one thing
has ever materialized so far and by the
way let me add on to this the whole
Russian collusion thing apparently the
the extent of the evil machinations of
the Russian Enterprise is Facebook ads
so so far everything has collapsed and
there has been a sense of paralysis and
what I suspect is they told everybody
nobody move nobody recuse this will
somehow go away this cannot be happening
it's learned helplessness its paralysis
but somebody tells me he'll be getting
his marching orders but without his
say-so well it seems to me let me go to
Richard here this is glean ultimate
boomerang effect here we wouldn't have
found out about any of these things
unless they believed so that there was
collusion with the Russians I mean it's
all coming back to them that and all the
characters that were involved in I want
to stay with the rod Rosenstein Richard
I mean how do you explain that I mean
he's in the middle of all of these
things he signed one of these FISA
warrants against Carter page I mean and
he wrote the recommendation letter to
fire
Komi I mean he's got his fingertips on
all kinds of things there should he be
about someone that's calling the shots
go ahead
so Rosen Stein yes he did sign the FISA
warrant as did predecessors of his and
it was approved by one judge after
another after another after another all
of whom were Republican appointees so
this notion that somehow this is this
Democratic cabal is kind of a joke you
brought up the dossier you brought up
the dossier and they were less than
transparent on who paid for the dossier
and who put it together so you know you
know we convince our words right here
but my point is it stick with toxsa
broad city I mean he's involved in many
elements of this should he recuse
himself because I don't think he's an
honest broker go ahead Richard he's
really only involved in one element and
as a fact witness which is what Comey
said to him and what the predicate was
for that letter that he sent to the
president right this investigation Peter
is going to look at ways in which the
Russians try to affect the outcome of
this campaign and money laundering and
bank fraud and any number of different
things that little piece of Rosen
Stein's is going to be next to nothing
okay III think the the the Russian
meddling in the in the American 2016
election is going to be a very very thin
volume of anything because we say okay
but Richard after two years and after
that that orgy of leaks at the beginning
of his the administration you'd think
someone would cough it up by now but
they haven't here okay here's what I
think
guys I think what's miraculous let me
get one final picture I think it's
miraculous frankly that the Muller team
does not leak and these thirteen and
Agri Democrats that Trump talks about
Donald Trump contributed more to
Democrats than all of those 13 working
for Moeller put together so it's his way
of deflecting I get it but it's
miraculous that you list sessions and
Jared and Rogers are all these people
that forgot their meetings or
discussions with Russians it's a little
bit more than
coincidence don't you think I believe
actually Roger stone and in this meeting
with this really weird character that
wants trumps money which I mean if this
guy's have paid FBI informant that was
recruited from the CIA then they have
some real personnel problems over at the
FBI believe me okay fine that's it
that's an interesting point Doug well I
want to go back to Christopher weigh-in
sessions because I think this is also
quite fascinating here here we have
oversight committees in Congress you
know I mean they're gonna put out
subpoenas they're gonna put people in
contempt I mean they want the the
frickin documents okay and they are very
slow walking it how do you explain that
because and I say this in a very
colloquial way and not in a very narrow
way this is the Trump DOJ this is the
Trump FBI how do you explain it
go ahead well they're slow walking it
because they know the whole world can
change in 24 hours and they don't want
this information out you can see why rod
Rosenstein why he threatened that was
chilling to me threatened his own
Oversight Committee what has happened to
the US Constitution I just want to
revert back to this Russian thick
because it's so incredible to me
you're telling me $200,000 worth of
facebook ads through the election to
Hillary Clinton and a $500,000 fee for a
speech to Bill Clinton that people could
see on YouTube free of charge didn't
throw the election but I think rod
Rosenstein 'he's chilling threat to the
Oversight Committee should scare us a
little bit about what's happening to
this post constitutional drift we're in
in this country I think it's sad
dangerous I'm I'm really glad you
brought that up and I think all you know
we all of us have our own opinion and
then some of them are very at odds but I
think you mentioned the point that I
think we all should really care about
now I'd like to go back to Richard on
this because I'm really what and I've
been saying this for a very long time
I'm very worried about institutional
erosion here and the confidence that
public has in those institutions and as
things stand right now Richard it
doesn't look great for the FBI in what
we've learned so far and we're going to
a whole lot more if and I love how the
FBI live loves the use of word candor
for telling the truth
I hope Peter struck will be will give
candor when he's talking because I think
he's gotten a lot to explain I mean I
went through a political article I mean
all of the things he said I mean of
course it can be bluster impress his
girlfriend but you know there's someone
in my gut there's a lot of substance
there go ahead Richard about the
institution's we need to protect them
yeah I mean struck said bad things about
Bernie Sanders about Eric Holder about
Chelsea Clinton so somehow or other
obviously we're putting the spotlight on
what he said about Trump look I think
that that James Comey president twice he
twice by giving that press conference
which he had no authority to do absent
Beijing that letter absolutely at the
end of October so I think he has damaged
the FBI but these people who work in the
Justice Department swear allegiance to
the United States of America not
allegiance to Donald Trump you know Doug
says oh it's the Trump Justice
Department these people are allegiance
to the United States of America to us
not to Trump and therefore they can't
have turned a blind eye okay and the
problem with what the house is trying to
do is they're trying to get documents so
they can walk them over to the White
House and say Donald this is what they
have against you be careful but that's
not right but Richard at the same time
in the IG report you have one of these
high officials in the FBI making
reference to Hillary Clinton as
president so I mean you can everything
you just said can be turned on its head
okay they were referring to her as the
president before the election okay why
the world did they not disclose this
counterintelligence indefinite that's
the thing that's so quested theater you
know they really thought that they
wanted to elect her if they really cared
about the country and not the candidate
or against a candidate they should have
informed the Trump campaign that some of
your folks are talking to people that
were worried about I think that could
have been done that would have been
their job okay
that would have been the protocol but
they didn't do it again that cast
suspicion Lionel you remarkably quiet
jump in
oh I don't want to interrupt this but I
hate to to dispel all this Peter with
all due respect there's a Richard I'm
sure you're a fine fine man it was a
slave to the facts and he's a good man
he's my friend so don't be and he's our
friend and he's a friend of truth back
not withstanding Peter this is about one
thing only it's not about just it's just
that about the FBI said about anything
it's about this hatred of Trump
they hate Trump they hate it's the
opposite of a fetish it's Trump
derangement syndrome it's it's all about
how did he win he can't win and we will
do everything in our power using every
machination available to try to
extricate clawback undo recreate go back
through Time Bandits do anything because
Trump cannot be President and people not
you Richard but people somehow that
sounds somewhat like you wake up every
morning and they say this can't be and
that's it and there's nothing to do with
the Constitution nothing to do it fruit
of the poisonous tree nothing to do with
Muller justice none of that it's about
the fact that they hate him and he could
not have won and everything that they
tried including that Rancic candidate of
theirs who lost a rigged election she
blew it okay they have with my goodness
headline league rely on I think we all
have we all agree on this program that
every individual can have bias okay you
can have you know you like chocolate
milkshakes opposed to vanilla okay you
have a bias towards one let me send it
let me fin in let me go to Doug here but
these are officers that swear an oath to
the Constitution and I think that all of
us are kind of close in age you know I
remember the FBI FBI TV series remember
that what kind of guys they were they
were the straight guys okay straight up
okay
by the way Jay drew Hoover read every
single screen production did you know
that you know that J Edgar Hoover read
the script so you know he was that
rigorous about it so he created a lot of
mythology there but serious note Doug I
mean it's a kind of a counter to Lionel
oh of course you can have a bias but it
doesn't mean you can break the law and
that's the difference okay that's what
I'm worried about go ahead Doug yeah I
was a friend of Efrem Zimbalist jr. and
miss him he was an interesting person
he starred in the FBI yeah I'd like to
know who wears the pro-trump the FBI a
little balance here where's some
pro-trump people that serve on the
Millar committee it seems to me that
this is going to be portrayed as a
partisan witch hunt because that's what
it is and they would they won't there's
no attempt to bring any balance to it or
any facts to it and they're pursuing
twelve-year-old deals that Manafort made
hey I'm not in the FBI
but I know who about Manafort deals that
were 12 years old this is how desperate
it's become in order to try to get some
indictments I think it's pretty pathetic
at this point and it's good for us to
know the truth okay that and that's what
we all want on this panel and our
viewers we want the truth so let's
continue down the path I'm interested in
what mr. struck will have to say many
thanks to my guests in Washington and in
New York and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here at RT see you next time
and remember crust up fools
