Obul a chemical weapons watchdog we'll
be voting on Wednesday on a
controversial proposal from the UK
foreign secretary Boris Johnson says the
OPCW should have the power to assign
blame
when chemical attacks take place at
present the OPCW experts will say where
and when an attack happened but not who
was responsible if we are serious about
upholding the ban on chemical weapons
that gap must be filled in his speech
Johnson made reference to the scribble
poison in case and to Syria all the 28
EU members and 13 new partners have
expressed support for the new proposal
as has the u.s. Russia though is against
the initiative to change the OPCW rules
saying it would politicize the body now
the proposal must garner two-thirds of
the votes not counting abstentions to be
passed we'll keep you posted on the
issue in the meantime we spoke to
investigative journalist Rick sterling
he believes Western powers shouldn't
turn the OPCW into that of a political
tool as much as the OPCW needs to be
respected and supported I think we have
to we have to be very careful and
there's got to be really guarantees of
objectivity and independence so it's not
a political tool by by one one state or
one group of states its mandate is
really to implement the Chemical Weapons
Convention but in the last several years
we've seen a situation in Syria where
the efforts of countries to overthrow to
topple the Damascus government have used
claims accusations of chemical weapons
usage and the OPCW has been part of that
if you look at their reports they rely
very heavily on witnesses who are
provided to them by the opposition they
don't pursue evidence which contradicts
the Western claims so it's very valid to
question the objectivity and
independence of the OPCW
you
