Russia has world broke free but they
have qualified for the second stage of
the FIFA World Cup and this man would
have been mightily proud the great level
yeah she the only goalkeeper ever to win
the Ballon d'Or looms large in the city
in Moscow on our travels this week we've
been to some beaches birds see Brazil
against Costa Rica
we've been see some of the fantastic art
and galleries and we've had a chat with
the man that won the World Cup Golden
Boot in 1998 his team is still very much
in it they're playing some great
football that's Croatia enjoy the Stan
Collymore show
Davo shoe care is one of the greatest
strikers ever to wear football boots
devil thank you joining me thank you for
a fantastic that you're here we've
spoken a couple of times already I saw
you in Kiev weeks ago and still playing
yes this shirt Croatia we are two games
into the World Cup two wins you making
it look too easy
look it's woke up it's festival football
is not school competition of course
everyone come well prepared thinking how
he will win how we will be how we will
play a draw but what is more important
we have the unity we have personality we
have good squad quality squad what mean
of course you can play but you can beat
everyone with mentality if you unity
with eleven against eleven why we cannot
beat Germany why cannot beat England why
you cannot beat Argentina okay we have I
think we put something nineteen eight in
the syndrome of history of Croatian
football federation of football and of
course we have more rich man Jukka
jacket each parish which look
world-class players and just go out and
play
everybody is said is this the tournament
where Leo Messi wins the World Cup and
defines himself as the greatest player
ever which i think is very disrespectful
to Pele to Maradona to water lots of
players but Croatia didn't just win they
demolished Argentina but today you
cannot go and say you can't but maybe is
not clever think we will win World Cup
it's a big hard battle so many people
and on the end who invest more hard work
preparation technique unity to the team
I saw mortgage in 86 minutes jumping on
head and jumping for one ball that for
me mine we already prepared for the
World Cup
did you see come some big favor
it's playing not nice
of course why is that it's not because
the most of them playing Europe long
sales and difficulty it's looking like
you can Carlington carb FA Cup of course
television rights demand more games with
a FIFA we make more World Cups for
Champions League games more Liga nations
but of course money is very important
but where is the end
I'm foot be chairman of football
Committee in UEFA we just looking raise
the end of the so many friendly so many
games no one know where is the end where
do you think that balance between
rightfully getting the money in
developing the game across we angry and
he was a player that says wrong I need
rest now we asked one study and now you
will see in the World Cup 2022 we will
maybe stop Premier Li for one month yeah
France for one month Spanish league
Italian league small countries is
easiest to spot but this country's usual
playing television rights around the
world and that after that we will see
and I'm sure we will know what exactly
one football player can have it games
during the year
tell me about what it's like to win a
Golden Boot how how important was it for
you to say to yourself I am the best
striker on the planet - look the dream
of the one kid and I would like to say
all kids we need to go he's on Tates
best the card is little ditch kid from
Asik dreaming how I will play in big t
big clubs maybe for national team and I
would like to suggest the kids dreaming
playing hard work one day the true the
dream come true
and of course congratulate for you you
have a great wonderful job you may great
and I will always when you have time for
me please come to Croatia after World
Cup come enjoy I want to jump on the sea
and we will have the more fresh organic
world food food and of course the World
Cup is the dream of error is the Oscar
of the Oscar of the Hollywood and fail
four years out look to win it when I
counted the 1980 just work hard to be on
World Cup when I'm score first goal your
dream coming and you know but what is
more important when I score six goals my
team is confident
Igor's team as love and village Bob and
personage chiisana we children see give
the ball up for up front he will score
and that's you know that's the more
important when you have the confident
guy up and of course he can score goal
and later is one second third for maybe
it's more important goal is against
Romania you know if you miss the penalty
all around the world we were remembering
paid our go to Train the penalty kicks
you know and that's the kind of football
and of course six gold maybe against
France we have one nil up we can go to
the final but is the Warworld club did
you change your life now I'm always
saying you know
I think home education is more important
what you family give what your mother
and father give you in the childhood
that's for all my life my life cannot be
changed with one car with one apartment
with my friends I'm rich with the
friends friends in London Madrid Moscow
friends in Seville all around the world
play and you know unity of football and
now I'm enjoy my privilege now when I'm
in administration and I'm president of
FA finally we're two games in to the
tournament Croatia doing fantastically
well they see great team you can go to
the fan say they're not sending the
video base pass
so if not Croatia who which things have
impressed you so far that's it's same ok
you know when somebody asks you of
course you play it you have received
what people score be today you know we
are zero tolerance on the betting's and
I would like to always respond my
friends what will weather be in four
days so in the stock market when you buy
the shares it's saying of course Germany
you know Germans always it's the final
semifinals is there I would like to see
what happen in this World Cup with
Germany of course Spain is my is my love
I play there and Fernando here is on
friend and I would like to and I wish
you all the best
what is more important for me is what he
will do France or Denmark who will be in
the next cruise in the evening of the
road who will play with us and look
Argentina have the chance but now the
more important questions you understand
if team is well prepared if he
physically is not well prepared it's
terrible I just saw the weather map all
here around behind of Moscow it's 29 to
30 we have great ok we have great
installation in the Sun Petersburg it's
15 centigrade that means 15 Celsius it
is very important to be fresh
and I hope we make also great Jews to
the to the camp and that's part of the
game devil suka just imagining with the
legend that you carrying Croatians
singing best position and I wait
everyone to come to Croatia on the
seaside
thank you very much 11 - stadium
Portugal against Morocco and I'm with
some friends Lisa is a good friend of
mine from Miami
this is mr. Crowley good to see you sir
Cristiano Ronaldo ask today the story is
quite fantastic its own football brings
people together so let's go in please
explain to me why your family are all
here on mass and Friends they've been
here for quite some time
why so we love soccer amazing way to see
the world and we started in 94 my dad
has been to the last seven World Cups
I've been to five his frontier he's been
to the last seven as well so we take
every opportunity we can to participate
in the games and every single time we've
had a wonderful experience
mr. Crowley what was the inspiration
behind going to the 1994 World Cup
weren't a huge soccer family I know that
you're a big sporting guy but why take
everybody what was the inspiration well
I'm a soccer coach at a high school
level in the United States and wanted to
see what real professional soccer looked
like and the once we went to Washington
DC and saw our first game the excitement
the the nationalism it just was
overwhelming we never seen anything like
that
this is Crowley is this a labor of love
for you g just tagged on to mr. crowley
because is happy to do it or you
actually enjoying this experience
yeah I tagged along initially but I got
to be a part of it and I enjoy seeing
the fans and the countries that we visit
seven consecutive all seven three four
world crops on the spoon every choice
unfortunately no u.s.a
you next time and you've got another
World Cup in eight years time so as long
as you see our rice thank you very much
for joining us
yes a big amazing man like like
I said the vibe
especially when the Moroccans and
Iranians were here was just like people
awake until 5:00 in the morning
it's very cultural young city I think
there's a lot of students here and
there's a lot of people who you know
have such a open mind and they're so
welcoming to all the foreigners who have
come here to enjoy the World Cup so I've
loved being here I've really really
loved building loads of Iranian women at
the games as well but what's been
interesting is actually in Iran as well
so for many years there's been a ban on
Iranian women entering football stadiums
but not volleyball or other sports it's
just a particular issue with football
and the reason given is that the fans in
Iran are quiet rowdy and boisterous so
for many years that's been one of the
authority's reasons for not letting
ladies into the stadium they say our
units to viola and the men swear too
much and it they're just too boorish but
actually this time they showed some of
the games on a big screen inside Azad
stadium in Tehran and ladies were
allowed to enter for the first time
since I think the Revolution so that
seems like a bit of progress as well I'm
delighted to be joined on the Stan
Collymore show by Savio what do you
think of this Brazilian squad now can
they win the World Cup your toe touch
mr. okay Chavez I mean the Phyllis - uma
Luis GV que podr√≠an a key moment + Emir
Hassan president a service ambassador
cottage town Apache des momento C creo
my otra vez Ahmad spectacle notice Adobe
Premiere novella French teacher
UN tronco a special version capacitor
Haj amines
Geneva Meatwad it has got a disposable
Yamazaki stone - pour vous laisse
discuss incentive pave brazil MiraCosta
Sega song
you support each year it was the green
polka temp has gotta work significance
or grokken said some Brazilian touching
a mood for watch which means adventure
mood for watch so called Shiva mange
chicken tonic or the new communist
favorites Antonio to meet scale so as a
cleric on corporal moon with the fish my
Sao Paulo Rio Brazil his father to come
with me
kolakozhi SOS Paola allymeier if done
being a citizen Francis the wreckage it
part of your superiors of mice queue to
the Copa de mundo
Chikara commander service
Sofia thank you for joining me on the
stand Collymore sure I have one more
thing we know you're a real Madrid
lambda and there's a nice little gift we
wanted to bring back a very famous shirt
forgive you which is signed by the the
current rel Madrid squad including the
great Ronaldo and Oh calendar your shirt
number Savio eleven a gift from us thank
you very much for joining us on the Stan
Collymore shop with obrigada stone thank
you Moo table god
well then must of peers upon me so
dodges
Jesus a v10 game attempt a prominent
film presented a range
obrigado por to do - you kisses ice
diagrams like in Brazil thank you very
much for joining us again
hello thanks for joining us to know that
you're a busy man as a big part of the
Costa Rican Federation why the almost
revolution in in Central American
football whereas this come from
there's a lot of players from Center
America who's playing in Germany in
Spain in England Holland everywhere so
they'll help help us and the fact that
we have the chance now to you know play
some friendly games against I don't know
England : you know the big big teams big
national teams so that give us some
experience and and that's why you know
you can see Costa Rica or Mexico or
Panama doing a good job against any any
team in the world have you found the
group very difficult great great Brazil
Serbia Switzerland perhaps one of the
toughest groups of course in the World
Cup how do you think Costa Rica fed so
far it has been difficult it's I've been
difficult I mean we have the pressure of
2014 and everyone will expect Costa Rica
especially back home you know the fans
they don't understand and they think
that Serbia or or Switzerland are gonna
be easy you know but we know it's
difficult we know they have you know
great players and it's been difficult
for us I mean we already you know out of
the of the World Cup and yeah it's tough
I mean it's I mean the players are not
the same is four years older and it's
been you know it's a great experience
for the youngsters but I think it's
normal
you know it's normal that Costa Rica now
as struggling with we
with the results and hopefully we will
come back for the next next World Cup
Paulo thank you very much for joining me
on the stand Collymore show it's
fantastic to see you know I still do
some something and you know as I said
great how it
we are in Red Square we found some very
happy Russian fans the Russian
Federation of qualified for the next
phase of the FIFA World Cup they're
going to be back in Moscow on Sunday
where they're going to be playing the
likes of David Silva and Diego Costa and
Spain
