now joining me in our Moscow skyline
studio I'm pleased to say are the sons
of Clovis Acosta Fernandez fair to say
Brazil's most famous fan for 25 years
Clovis followed the Brazilian national
team watching them play in more than 150
games sadly his last major tournament
was the disappointment of Brazil falling
short on home soil in 2014 when the
hosts were defeated 7 won by Germany but
it is nonetheless the great honours a
Franklin Gustavo Thomas Kane oh I hope
I've got the pronunciation right Frank
the star mode I don't want to you know
risk you taking your hands off this
precious looking trophy first of all
what is this and why do you grace us
with his presence amazing your own
personal copy yeah this history is very
beautiful our father earned this trophy
from a good friend in Brazil and then he
decided to carry by the the world during
the World Cup and during the World Cup
in 2002 Japan and Korea he got a little
bit famous and the rest of the story I
think the people know because wasn't
like many many newspapers and internet
in the world what was it about your
father that people took to so quickly
what made him so popular maybe is the
passion I think the passion to to cheer
about our national team with love this
is the main reason because it's what are
you doing here like a theory of love and
caring this passion through this amazing
country that is Russia that we are in
love with the people when the country
has been I'm really amazing these are
with 16 days spanning here no words to
say about like when we arrived here in
the top of the city we've reimagined
like it's unbelievable unbelievable
people always talk about the passion of
Brazil fans
so despite you're used to you know
passionate football fans so you've been
impressed by the Russians yes yes we
don't imagine it that this passion of
the Russian people
we like this and we are extremely happy
because everyone is treating was very
well asking whereas if you need
something how can I help you in the
streets all the time in the Metro even
in uber taxi it's being like a magic we
are in love have you been to the most
famous street since the World Cup began
which is Nicole's car behind us which is
where fans from all the different
nations taking part have been been
blending and we had the opportunity to
go there yet yes how did you enjoy that
because that is the World Cup in one
Street everybody together yes yes
partially when we when we be there at
this street we couldn't walk when did
the truth is outside like this we
couldn't walk because many picture and
many people come to say oh we really
love what you are doing we are together
keep growing it's just a beautiful
things and beautiful words it's be magic
and I have to say this is what it's all
about to lift the actual trophy how do
you rate Brazil's chances I mean they've
started with some good results maybe not
the best performances can you do it I
think this is not the our best moment
the national team but if you pass the
next name and reach the qualifying I
think you can can can be near to the the
real one but used to say that this one
most people kiss touch and do the X to
leave is it good luck - yeah is it good
luck I think I think I everybody who
went to touch this was for England
the boys England is doing good there
very good well England could play Brazil
and wouldn't that be some game guys just
want to say thanks so much for coming in
and I'm sure that your father is
watching down with great pride and and
smiling both at the performances of the
team and also to see you both here and
enjoying World Cup matches which is what
he was all about wasn't it amazing
so much really appreciate to really
appreciate this takes a lot takes a good
you
