we've seen their little messy mishap L&C
we say oh the big players never miss
these but today Christiana and as we
talked about he's desperate to score
well this is him brought down himself
another vile moment and maybe this
explains why we're getting so many
minutes of injury time because of all
the Varla we get an awful lot but then
he steps up the after you know three and
a half minutes of discussing and giving
yellow cards and the referee not
handling the situation very well or
allow the steps up and you know the
goalkeeper stated and we've seen that as
well and that that miss as well it's
significant for another because that
would have put him next to hurricane in
their Golden Boot competition and that
is what he goes for on a personal level
he's not made no secret of that but he
wants to win that but he's absolutely
hammered by fans and critics for missing
and penalty do you think it'd be the
same with Ronaldo or will this just be
shrugged off I have absolutely no idea I
mean I think do you think it will affect
his confidence as a player he doesn't
seem like the type to be bothered by
something like I think the difference is
that the Renaldo's already scored four
goals he's already in the tournament
he's already up there on the Golden Boot
but we're a Messi has done very very
little and on top of that he's missed
the penalty and I think that's a context
that people sort of criticize him for
and now this game today was it was a bad
game you very rarely see him this bad so
he had the chance in the first half he
missed the penalty and then it went to
another VAR moment and he gets a yellow
card out of it which he was quite happy
with he's smiling and laughing when he
gets the yellow card
he gives it he actually gives an elbow
in the face of an Iran player and and
it's one of them you can say yes it's on
purpose but you can also make a case of
it not being on purpose he's not that
kind of player so I think that speaks to
his advantage but the thing is once it
goes to var and the referee decides that
that's an elbow to the face there's only
one solution to that and that's a red
card but he gives them a yellow card and
you
see as a referee our approaching one
elder who's actually moved to the far
side of the page so the referee has to
run all the way up there they have a
close-up of Rinaldo and he's nervous he
like would it have been a different card
if it had been someone without his
reputation such a key figure in his
competition it is a question I am sure
that the referees assistant was but I
have him through his own mind at the
time but I have to say this referee he
made he made a mess of the game really
miss of the game he didn't control the
players that was in fighting and there
was a lot of unhappy players he was he
was you know when players were talking
to him he was very theoretically giving
yellow cards like that and and it's it's
you know in pressure situations as these
games are where you can go through and
you need to resolve of course you are
you're the adrenaline is flowing in a
different way you behave may be a little
out of character but it's all down to
pressure and he could have handled that
a lot better he went too far for me far
too many times you know it's all about
making decisions and the decisions he
had to make they were not that difficult
but he's still window I think he was out
there three times and for a game of
football that is far too long
you
