we'll go live to unit O'Neill who's in
Samara on the banks of the Volga where
Russia will play Uruguay in two hours
from now he's there with the Russian
sports minister
yeah hello thanks for that Colin welcome
to a gloriously hot day on believe me it
is very hot here around 34 degrees right
now but it feels even more ya fans have
been steadily coming into the grind here
and I'm delighted to say that we have
the Russian sports minister bubble calab
cough himself you're very welcome Pavel
thanks so much for taking the time so
there we have a halfway stage of games
now at this FIFA World Cup Russia's
first what's your verdict on its so far
what is hidden laughs plain deeds there
been many reviews from the fans and the
organizers and FIFA and the media for
many countries the World Cup has been
very well organized and the teams have
put up a great performance at in terms
of organization we are ready you can see
that the fans are so excited so we are
satisfied hosting a World Cup for the
first time it's a mammoth undertaking I
would say one of the main challenges
being for Russia
well you know hosting such major events
is a very tremendous task first we had
to set up the infrastructure 95 the
sports venues 12 stadia Russian regions
that were involved in hosting the World
Cup so first of all we had to set up the
infrastructure had to be up and running
then organizing a d-cup
just imagine there are a lot of foreign
fans coming to Russia all of this stage
you're packed so you need to create the
right kind of environments festival for
football fans so there are no minor
things it's a very complicated process
but Russia a lot of experience in
hosting major events in 2014 we hosted
the Winter Olympics for the world Cubs
certainly is an unprecedented event so
it's a nationwide event judging by the
number of fans who have come here on all
the parties the celebrations on the
street it seems that there are many more
foreign fans who have come without
tickets can you give us a sense of the
amount of fans who are in Russia for
this tournament
right nope it's just- first of all we
draw the conclusions following the World
Cup when we see the statistics how many
fans visited the stage how many fans
went to bars 25th fan fest venues 50/50
for those who came to the stadium those
who stay outside in such numbers and we
have read we're talking about hundreds
of thousands into the millions what what
do you think about the negative really
media coverage that was built up
particularly in the West before this
this scare of stories and how has that
changed if at all in the first 11 days
that you have seen of this tournament
ya know cognition ability buddy up
definitely we didn't like reading those
stories but we try to ignore it we were
convinced that everything would take
place in a friendly environment you know
that Russia is a very hospitable country
we love to host foreign fans we tried to
create the best kind of condition so
whatever we're done today can be seen
there have been almost no negative
reviews in the press right now there
have been a lot of positive coverage so
that's what we wanted that's what we're
trying to achieve we're trying to
provide such a friendly atmosphere the
best World Cup player in history a world
cup of firsts in many ways it's Russia's
first World Cup you have funds coming
here who are able to travel free to
cities with their fun ID free public
transport that's another first but also
vide video assistant referee and var is
being implemented for the first time at
this World Cup how do you think it's
being used so far
get away you're right
fan I G was used to further for the
first time they've been a lot of debates
so far but it allows for a visa-free
entry for the fans that's the first pro
and it's also your entry to the stadium
and you can also travel freely between
the host cities using dedicated trains
and then our almost packed most
important factors so that's create that
friendly atmosphere and facilitates
entry to the stadium now talking of the
VAR implemented by FIFA it's too early
to draw any conclusions there have been
many pros their bins and cons so you
have to do homework after the World Cup
and it's up to the fans football players
to the coaches they have to judge it job
is to make the game exciting and the end
result should not depend on referee
mistakes like a lot of other World Cup
host cities and thinking of the likes of
Volga Nizhny Novgorod which
traditionally would not see a lot of
international visitors and important is
that for for people here to embrace it
like they have and get to see other
cultures and get to meet so many fans
from all across the world it's not
something really important for you at
this tournament absolutely that's the
goal of a major event we need to
demonstrate country to show the
hospitality we never imagined that about
10000 Colombians would come to the
country 55,000 surah gwen's you have
5000 fans from Iceland it's a great
opportunity to get to know the country
to guess your own impress
the country not varies from the media
its first-hand experience that is most
valuable another topic while you're here
I'd like to get your take on the head of
you sada the United States anti-doping
agency said last week and now this was
during the World Cup here that Russian
footballers should be tested more for
doping offences first of all your
reaction and secondly did you expect
something like that to occur earlier
there will be statements like this in
deeds the head of you sada often makes
it strange provocative statements but
it's time to get accustomed to it but
it's FIFA who's in charge of the World
Cup FIFA had its own investigation not
have any allegations or it claims to the
Russian team to the Russian players so I
think it's up to the organizers to fee
for it to rule on this so they don't
want to comment on it they don't want to
comment on a head of anti-doping
organization in the US they should
rather stick to their own edgy doping
policy inside the US and better leave it
to vaada to FIFA into the International
Olympic Committee
and just on the legacy of this World Cup
what do you think it's going to be in
the future and people look back on this
tournament for Russia
no I'm an athlete about legacy could be
different it could be material or
tangible or non tangible talking of the
legacy that's we're discussing right now
hundreds of thousands of foreign fans
have come to Russian definitely Russian
people will have their memory of that
remember the games and Russia would
retain all the infrastructure the
wonderful venues city cities have
improved their infrastructure including
transport infrastructure it's very
important to hold World Cup in the
cities and countries that have never
hosted such big events it helps to drive
the economy it opens up these countries
to people from other countries so
welcome the FIFA decision to host to the
World Cup in Russia and in other
countries it's a great opportunity to
put your best foot forward to rise up to
the challenge so for us it's the biggest
festival the biggest football
celebration sports celebration that we
put on the game of today we're looking
at Russia vs. Uruguay for a group a
supremacy in the World Cup
now some weeks ago if I had said to a
lot of people here that Russia could
finish top of Group A they may have
looked quite strange at me how do you
think they're going to do today and also
in general do you think they can go
further in this tournament it will be
tough but is there a chance no I'm sure
okay well overall I'd like to tell you
that we have 32 best teams in the world
and each team puts a great performance
every game has been exciting and we
haven't seen any near Neil draws it was
at least one goalscorer day in each of
the games in his grade that rush has
been really strong in physically it's
been demonstrating an attacking style of
football we believed in our team and as
you can see there have been a lot of
fans and FIFA fan fest venues packed we
believe in our team we are convinced
that our side has very good chances it
has a very good chance to advance to the
next round we have to prepare for each
match next lot of unexpected results so
when favorites lost and an outside wins
a team that wants it even more the team
that's assisted by the 12th player the
so-called 12th player the fans so we
really hope for a positive outcome of
today's match well we won't have to wait
too long to find out in less than a few
hours Russia versus your kicks off here
at the beautiful samara arena we've been
speaking to the minister of sport pavel
calab cough we thank you so much for
your time this are very interesting sir
thank you
you
