hurricane is the top score off the world
cup and I'm sure I'm absolutely sure
Ronaldo who sat in his hotel room
angry spewing furious and and Lacock oh
maybe as well because they've got four
goals to their names and hurricane has
now got five but if people have
predicted this people have spoken about
Harry gate a hurricane as a serious
contender for the Golden Buddha station
about you know the very biggest teams in
Spain want again after the goals we've
seen and I'm sure managers won't mind
the fact that he's quite lucky as well
what kind of valuation you put on a
player like that right now I must have
gone off and it was already high well my
Richard Punto genius just signed a
five-year contract which odd man and the
first thing he did literally the same
day was make sure that Harry Cain did
exactly the same so Harry Kane is now
tied in to Tottenham for five more years
Harry came for me comes across like a
one o'clock man he's very very happy
where is he knows he can perform to the
highest of levels at Tottenham he's got
probably one of the best managers in the
world and it's really worked for Harry
Kane I don't see him travelling abroad I
don't see him being comfortable at a
real Madrid or Barcelona where the
pressures are so different to what the
pressures are in England as I said he's
a quiet man he likes you sir
he likes he's not an anonymous person of
course people they they recognise him in
the street but he's not this guy that
goes out and he's in nightclubs and he's
he's seen in know on as a social eyes
from someone who's you know in the media
for anything other than football so I
don't see him traveling but but if he
was to be sold
go on go there I I think he would be at
the level of Neymar the price of PSG
they
people named for that that's I mean for
me he is he is probably the hardest
property in the world he's young he's
hungry he's always showed his pedigree
he can score calls he can work hard
technically and tactically as well he's
fantastic
I don't see many better players out I
would say his price is gonna purely
based on your appraisal of him and I
want the same and that's a good thing
you
