this Saturday marks two years since the
UK voted to leave the EU and in London
there's been a huge anti brexit rally
with campaigners saying the move is not
a done deal and that people must make
their voices heard
Britain is due to leave the European
Union in March 2019 but the government
is still struggling to hammer out an
agreement with the bloc the ruling
Conservative Party lacks consensus on a
number of key issues including over post
breaks at customs arrangements with the
EU as a result of the uncertainty a
number of big businesses are worrying
they could pull out of the UK it's also
been predicted that this year the
country will see its weakest annual
economic growth since 2009 there was
also a probe brexit rally in London
earlier with thousands reportedly
gathering to demand a speedy exit from
the block we spoke to the UK
Independence Party leader Gerard batten
who was at the demo he says it didn't
receive much media coverage and that
probe brexit sentiment is being ignored
I just come from a March and a rally of
a pro brexit March in the valley which
was held outside the BBC and sky and ITV
Studios at Mill Bank but funnily enough
nobody came out to interview us or
filmed it as far as I know they're not
given much publicity to the other side
of the argument the argument that says
we had the referendum we reached the
decision and now we should have left and
we certainly should be leaving as soon
as possible base misses May doesn't
really want to leave she's a remainder
she leads a government and a majority of
the House of Commons who don't want to
leave and they haven't really done very
much for two years they've gone about it
and in completely the wrong way instead
of keep asking the European Union how we
can leave they should be telling them
the European Union how it's going to
work there's no such thing as a hard
brexit or as a softer exit there is
leaving the European Union and if you
want to know what that looks like all
you've got to do is to look at every
other country in the world there isn't a
member of the European Union it's not
complicated they're trying to make it as
complicated as possible
you
