with the World Cup getting a huge amount
of attention on social media one British
peer has found himself in hot water over
his comments on Twitter
Lord Allen sugar who's also the star of
the hit BBC show The Apprentice and a
former football club chairman was forced
to apologise after posting the following
tweet with reference to the Senegal
squad the offensive tweet showed the
team with photoshopped bags and
sunglasses and sugar making reference to
beach sellers after the backlash he took
the tweet down but said he still thought
it was funny he eventually apologized
saying he had no intention of offending
anyone the BBC's issued a statement
pointing out that Alan Sugar's
apologised and saying that it's right
that he's done so but many people
including some Senegalese officials are
demanding that the BBC sacks him the
minister counselor from the Senegalese
Embassy in Moscow told me last hour that
the World Cup should be a time for
promoting unity not spreading offensive
racial stereotypes we were very chopped
and we were very surprised that in this
21st century such ideas can be expressed
he can apologize but I think that with
such things we not have to we don't have
to to joke it's it's very important
particularly after there's a nice result
of Senegalese team in this match with
with Poland the World Cup is a great
occasion for people to live at each
other to make peace to play but not to
make this kind of jokes
you
