well if solution to the migration crisis
is certainly at stake here and there's
been a lot of debate between EU member
states now recently in Germany there was
a standoff between Angela Merkel and her
interior minister Horst C Hoffer C
Huffer wants to turn migrants away at
the German border while Angela Merkel
stressed a more European wide approach
and this disagreement put the
decades-long government coalition here
at risk and they only agreed to cease
the hostilities until this summit coming
up on Sunday now ahead of this summit
the EU Commission released a draft
document and it went over two points the
first being stopping movement of
migrants between EU member state borders
and strengthening the borders of the
European Union itself as well as the
Coast Guard but Italy actually already
said that it feels like it's getting the
short end of the stick on this deal if
we go to Brussels to play the script
already written by friends in Germany
then we shouldn't even go we save the
money for the trip now the German public
is also concerned apparently
three-quarters of Germans don't think
Merkel can find a european-wide solution
to the crisis according to polls and
meanwhile hungry just passed a law that
would criminalize helping migrants in
need so it seems like no matter how many
more meetings we have of EU officials
those alone aren't going to solve the
crisis meanwhile French President
Emmanuel macron has called for a fight
against populism describing it as a
disease spreading across Europe but came
after he was criticised for not
accepting the migrant ship aquarius
which was also turned away by italy you
can see them rise a bit like a leprosy
all across Europe in countries where we
thought that would be impossible to see
them again in neighboring countries
the real leprosy is the hypocrisy of
someone who pushes back immigrants and
then wants to preach to us about our
sacrosanct right to ask for an equal
distribution of migrants this is not the
way to solve the problem the problem
should be solved from where they are
coming from so we have to stop the
the departure Hall of who is not a real
refugee because you know that the
statistics tell us that the most almost
more than 90% of the people that is
coming is not a refugee but is a is a
migrant just for economical purpose and
this is not allowed in Europe so we have
to decide what we want to do we want to
going on with this movement of millions
of people that are looking for something
better or we want to help really the
refugee and find another way to help the
economical migrants so we are going to
put to you
European Union debt problem what should
we do we cannot going on in that way
because it's not fair also for those
poor people that are suffering because
the trip in the hand of the smugglers is
very dangerous
you
