of the President of the Republic of
Korea launching the following documents
have been signed the minister for
economic development of the Russian
Federation the Russian Federation mr.
Raskin and the minister of communication
technologies of South Korea have signed
a Memorandum of Understanding between
Russia and Korea to create a Russian
Korean innovation platform for the
fourth Industrial Revolution minister
for economic development of the Russian
Federation Maximo Raskin and Minister of
Trade and Industry and energy of the
Republic of Korea
pakkun goo I've signed a common
statement joint statement on free trade
between the Russian Federation and the
Republic of Korea for the development of
the Far East of the Russian Federation
mr. Kozlov and mr. Conlan quar have
signed a Memorandum of Understanding
between the far is Development Ministry
of the Russian Federation and the
foreign ministry of the Republic of
Korea to create a inter regional
development forum minister of Digital
development mass mass communications of
the Russian Federation
constantinos Cove and the minister of
Science and Technology of the Republic
of Korea you young men have signed a
Memorandum of Understanding between the
ministries of digital development
communication of the Russian Federation
and the Ministry of Science and
Technology
and communications of the Republic of
Korea for cooperation in the areas of
communications and Technology Minister
of Culture of the Russian Federation mr.
Medina's key and the Minister for
culture and sports of the Republic of
Korea has signed a memorandum
Understanding between the Ministry of
Culture of the Russian Federation and
the Ministry of Culture Sports and
Tourism of the Republic of Korea to hold
I cross-cultural years in 2019 2020
bolts of the Russian Federation part of
coop golf and the Minister of Culture
Sports and Tourism of the Republic of
Korea have signed a memorandum between
the two ministries to cooperate in terms
of sports and physical development of
individuals Minister of Labour and
Social Security of the Russian
Federation
mr. tourbillon and the minister of
welfare of the Republic of Korea party
landfill have signed a Memorandum of
Understanding between the two ministries
cooperation in terms of social welfare
tax and the Minister of Trade and energy
of north of South Korea back control
signed a Memorandum of Understanding
between the Ministry of Energy of the
Russian Federation and the Ministry of
Industry and energy of the Republic of
Korea or cooperation in the sphere of
energy
mayor of Moscow Sergei Sobyanin and head
of the bund an clinic of the Seoul
University signed a Memorandum of
Understanding between the government of
Moscow and the burndown clinic director
general and head of Russian Railways
elect the lazerov and head of Korean
Railways all yong-sik have signed a
memorandum of understanding the issues
of cooperation between the two companies
of Novacek mr. Michaelson and president
and CEO of Kyrgyz Sher Singh Deol signed
a Memorandum of Understanding between
the two companies cooperation in terms
of liquefied gas president of system
company
chairman of the midsi group of companies
and lee byung sock I'm signed an
agreement to create a Diagnostic Center
in Moscow the agreement have been signed
between the three companies and the
Korean several hospital of the Yangtze
University following the results of the
of the negotiations statement has been
has been made now we proceed to the
statement by President Putin and
President of the Republic of Korea moon
jae-in ladies and gentlemen mr.
president now the talks with the
president of the Republic of Korea mr.
moon jae-in as part of his official
visit have been very businesslike
constructive we have discussed the
prospects of our bilateral relations we
have exchanged opinions on urgent issues
of the international agenda we have
agreed on further expansion of Russia
Korean interaction and cooperation and
we as as you have heard we have signed a
large number of agreements between
ministries and government and companies
I'd like to note that the Republic of
Korea is an important partner of Russia
in the Asia Pacific the relations
between our two countries are based on
mutual respect and friendliness and
respect for each other's interests as a
result of our conversation we can stay
that there's been a lot of progress in
our cooperation we saw an increase in
trade by 27 percent it's now over 9
19 billion dollars and following the
start of this year we've seen an even
greater increase and now South Korea is
one of the major trade partners of
Russia in the Asia Pacific the
investment from Korean to Russia have
reached over 1 billion dollars there are
over 150 large companies from South
Korea that invests in various areas in
various companies in production of goods
in agriculture in hotels in tourism
there has been a lot of attention given
to the energy sphere which is a key area
of our cooperation Russia provides
energy resources to South Korea last
year South Korea received 12.5 billion
tons of oil a lot of gas and coal at the
same time Korea helps Russia to extract
oil and gas in the Arctic we knew 15
tankers are being built with the help of
Korea we are discussing projects
regarding liquefied natural gas we have
discussed cooperation between the
regions of our two countries at the end
of this year we are going to hold the
first inter regional forum between our
two countries we have proposed Korea
joining and upon the program's
developing the Far East of Russia the
Vostok port the use of the
trans-siberian railway in the north
areas these projects will be discussed
during the East Economic Forum and
Vladivostok will be happy to see the
President of the Republic of Korea there
as an honorable guest and certainly
discussed issues of humanitarian and
cultural ties which we believe is
developing very positively every year we
have festivals and days of culture our
Korean friends will take part in the
seventh cultural forum as a guest
country we see an increase in tourist
exchanges in 2017 over 260,000 South
Koreans have visited Russia which is 62
percent more than in 2016
now the Russia the amount of the number
of Russian tourists who go to South
Korea has also increased by 17 percent
when discussing the international agenda
we have emphasised the situation on the
Korean Korean Peninsula we have noted an
increase and improvement in the
situation on the peninsula as the result
of the meetings between the leaders of
North and South Korea we've seen a lot
of progress and we also would like to
know the progress achieved by the
Singapore meeting the recent Singapore
meeting we welcoming Pyongyang's
decision to normalize the situation and
we hope that this will allow to create a
stable security system for the whole of
the region finally I would like to say
that I am very grateful to mr. president
for the talks that we've had today this
does not conclude the visit of mr.
president to Russia tomorrow he will see
a football match in rostov-on-don
between South Korea and Mexico national
teams I'm sure that this will be an
unforgettable game and unforgettable
mansion I wish all of the football fans
from Russia and from
a good time and I'd like to thank mr.
president I'd like to thank the entire
Korean government for accepting the
Russian delegation the Russian and the
Russian fans during the Winter Olympic
Games in Pyeongchang lynda.30 me to
resharpen humbled isn't a choice
oxygen will take you on a tour monkian
jungle Yahoo I suggested that we meet a
heart of the highest level more often
and I'd like to see that suggestion
become real become suit to life I could
see with my own eyes the most potential
with lies in the Far East of Russia we
can tapped into that potential and
cooperate as much as possible we can
harmonical leave together as nature and
technologies can leave together as well
and I'm very much hopeful about our
future work in cooperation I believe
that mr. Putin shares my attitude we
agree that we have common
to increase the level of life of our
peoples and we will be even more active
when implementing projects which will be
beneficial to our citizens to our
Nationals we will be incentivizing our
development through technological
cooperation and innovations and to that
and we agreed to build Russian Korean
innovative Center as well as to build up
the cooperation which we already conduct
on the sidelines of a Center for
research and development in Moscow we
will be working with startups small and
medium-sized companies will be
cooperating in the field of new
industries and I see much potential in
it I believe that cooperation with Korea
in the biggest Russian exhibition for
industries will be a good opportunity
for us to enhance the quality of our
ties will be cooperating in innovations
in high tactical and in industrial
partnerships and not in parallel to that
I would like to say that our countries
will be getting down to working together
on the free trade zone in the field of
investments and services in order to
implement these arrangements we will be
making it possible for the citizens of
our countries to cooperate freely
enhancing their quality of lives we do
expect that more jobs will appear highly
paid jobs for the years our countries
will be tight even closer on the work
within the framework of the joint
program for the development of the Far
East and Eurasia as 80 September last
year as part of the Eastern Economic
Forum we discussed building nine bridges
of cooperation figuratively speaking and
today we reaffirm the importance of
cooperation these nine fields energy gas
shipbuilding port infrastructure and
railroads among others and I believe
that that cooperation across all nine
tracks will be comprehensive and filled
with real tangible work but will be
stepping up the pace of our cooperation
agreed to enhance the quality of
exchanges between our region 17
autonomous regions of Korea and regional
authorities of the Far East of Russia
will be working together as that plan
bilaterally and multilaterally and it
comes to you every day of lives of
people the sky operation will be or the
intangible results as for health care
will be written hansung the lives of our
people their health will be improved
thanks to working its call cover because
we will be constructing our own Korean
Hospital that cooperation on that track
will be featuring work on the track of
tackling cardiovascular and related
diseases by Korean specialists most
advanced technologies will be applied to
make that happen and very soon I'm sure
we'll be able to remotely diagnose
patients free a network of systems for
instance constructed and built in the
trains running across the trans-siberian
railroad that will be another instance
of our cooperation in the field of
healthcare we agreed to reinforce our
cooperation directed at making the
Korean Peninsula and Eurasia able to get
the most of the projects implemented
bilaterally multilaterally and I mean
the North Korean South Korea and other
countries will agree to develop further
on I will work on these and many other
tracks one of the additions to that
would be our work to reunite our
railroads our energy supply lines we
work today with the Russian railroads
and we are part of that community and
Frank phille for the support Russia
gives us in that work now we would like
again to thank president and accept the
invitation to come to Russia even more
often I would like to thank you for your
hospitality thank you
