a white knight here but a dark day for
Argentinian football Argentine fans
trust me on this look away now step away
from the TV come back in five minutes
you do not want to know what happened to
your team tonight
Croatia 3 Argentina nil Peter Schmeichel
you watched it with me and it was a bit
like watching a horror movie a disaster
unfolding before us I'm not sure I agree
with that
I'm Argentine suspect oh yeah but why do
we care so much about Argentina we
should praise Croatia for what they did
tonight and what they did in the first
game now we talked about the big players
you know the big scene the big stage
when when you come to these events like
the World Cups the big players they
perform and today Messi who is a big
player didn't turn up again like he
didn't do in the game against Iceland
and when you decide your team to be
around Messi then you pay for it and
absolutely paid for it today they were
they were smashed by Croatia today and
the score line three nil is it's a fair
reflection of the game the dirty game
would you say a very very a very rough
game very hardly played a lot of
chambers tempers flaring surprisingly
enough only six yellow cards no red
cards we were actually betting on that
that there would be at least one red
card that was a way it was being played
I think the referee and and Afshin II
met off from it was bigger than he did
okay I mean at times it was it was a
little bit too much that he was allowing
but at the end of the day everyone got
through the game and you know the only
ones that are really hurt Argentina and
that's completely down to their own
performance pretty much all the talk
coming into this game was their margin
teen and needs it not just wanted needed
to win and it all unraveled in just
horrific fashion let's just look at the
opening goal and the goalkeeper of
Argentina really ought to blame this is
what
did all day they put pressure on it
everywhere I mean they must play from
the back I don't understand the
capillary makes you know a big mistake
but auntie rabbit the way that he
finished that is I mean that was
beautiful absolutely my god that ball
even even when the ball and the
goalkeeper made the mistake that is not
a goal that's one that a certainty it
goes up in the air
that gives defenders time to come back
it gives a goalkeeper time to recuperate
and go back in the goal to do what he
did I tell you I tell you this right
because I was surprised he did it a lot
of players would have taken it down and
tried to beat the goalkeeper I mean he
smashed it in the top corner and what a
beautiful goal that was beautiful
connection at this points I would say
there will have been a lot of raised
eyebrows when Argentina's coach took off
ag√ºero and brought on Egwene what do you
make of that sense I thought you were
gonna say when he took off his coat and
he showed his eyes I've never seen that
with a coach before anyway hey I think
he was right to put on your grass grass
should be on but empowering that he can
but don't take the one guy who will give
you a goal out of nothing don't take him
off and it where is that player Aquarius
the only guy who's scored frog and
Argentina so far he will find a goal I
mean a Guerra always scores and for him
there's no such thing as being in form
out of form he's a bouncer he's someone
who who finds a chance and he scores
from him so why take him off that that
was
I was not actually not as bad as taking
off his shirt which was some spectacle
now if there was some element of
self-harm about that first goal
self-inflicted and no questions about
the second one what paid strike from
Luka Modric III I was concurring and
watching going to pass I didn't think he
could score from here but what dynamite
didn't that right foot the big players
they turn up to these tournaments Luka
Modric is a big player and he's turned
up that was his second goal in the
tournament and a second really good goal
as well he was putting pressure on
everyone all the time and he was he was
playing well and his partner in in
midfield d'Agata CH he also scored he
said the Barcelona player also for me
one of the best midfield players in the
world he's turned up to the turn and so
this is just a contrast you know what
Argentina didn't have their players
playing or performing as you expect them
to do that's why Croatia wins today
because the players all the players
perform fantastically well but when you
need something your big player steps up
to the plate and they deliver and ragga
touch and market it then I think we can
see that racket head goal it was right
at the end of the game I have to say and
okay well we don't have it yet yeah but
I just want to put it at this point
because at halftime we talked about that
this was quite an ill-tempered game
there was a lot of lot of tension
between the teams and not many yellow
cards in the first art but then they
started developers as Argentina became
more frustrated and then we saw some
pretty vindictive tackles going I think
Otto Mendes should not have had a yellow
car I think he should have been sent off
he made an incredible challenge we see
here I see racket is on the floor the
referee has always blown the whistle to
do that you know that's that's really
naughty and fortunately nothing happened
and it might be one of these things that
that that FIFA will look better and
retrospectively
I'm sure I'm not completely sure about
the rules in this tournament normally
when the referee has already dealt with
that meaning giving him a yellow card I
don't think there's too much to do
afterwards but hopefully they will
because that tackle there was definitely
out of order and it's dangerous anything
could have happened
fortunately nothing yet this sort of
situation because they it's not applied
at the moment would you like to see
values for things like that or is it
just too much of a judgement call on the
moment leave it to the ref I don't want
var to be used for very much in football
I have to say I was relatively upbeat
about var all until yesterday I think
it's been today we've seen a very clear
example on why we don't want var to
interfere too much I think and we've got
to be fair to all of our systems all the
referees it still even though it is a
World Cup it's still a kind of a trial
period it's a system that needs to be
worked on and the referees and the VAR
systems they need more experience so we
are bound to see mistakes unfortunately
those mistakes you know have increased
the number of penalties being given in
the World Cup I don't think anyone
regardless of loyalties or the
temperaments or how they like to see
football I don't see I think anyone
wants to see two three four penalties in
every game it's not what football is all
about we want to see the players create
the goals and then we've seen three
absolutely beautiful goals today that is
at least as a football fan that is what
I want to see I don't want to see
football fans of football teams win two
or three or four new
on penalties that that's not right for
me
you
