with all rumors up to this point but now
john bolton has confirmed that he'll be
coming over to europe first perhaps
symbolically to meet with European
allies NATO allies organising the summit
next month but then he'll be traveling
to Moscow now this is John Bolton we're
talking about one of the most whole
kitchen militants of US officials and
national security adviser for Donald
Trump he'll be organizing the details of
and again this is a potential it isn't
certain set in stone yet potential
meeting between Vladimir Putin and
Donald Trump the leaders of the United
States and Russia two nuclear
superpowers and you know the time the
time is now there's a lot to talk about
this terrorism there's Syria Ukraine the
United States has concerns about the
poisoning of a former Russian agent in
in Britain and of course alleged Russian
meddling in the u.s. election so
there'll be a lot of you know frank
discussion I'm sure behind closed doors
but the media has been well it hasn't
received the news as well you would have
thought that you know these two
countries meeting at last now that
relations are at rock bottom arguably
worse than they were during the Cold War
you could argue that you know that makes
the world a better safer place but
pundits have gone into meltdown now
arguing that you know any meeting with
the Russians will cause alarm and dismay
in
and among allies and in the West that
there shouldn't be any contact at all
they also said that if Donald Trump
first goosed of Russia to meet with
Putin instead of first going to the
summit in in Europe the NATO summit
that'll send the wrong messages to
already jittery European allies so if
this meeting is indeed confirmed we can
expect a firestorm among pundits
you
