because the American president has
obviously decided to position himself as
the world's economic policeman it is up
to us to equip ourselves with the tools
that will prevent us from becoming the
victims of his decision despite the
French finance ministers economic
defiance of the u.s. Europe hasn't done
much to protect its companies from
potential sanctioning by its ally but
here's a start last month
Europe announced its intent to bring
back a blocking statute as the European
Commission we have the duty to protect
European companies so we now need to act
and this is why we're launching the
process of activating the blocking
statute from 1996 the statute bans EU
firms from complying with foreign
sanctions compensating them for any
penalties that might incur but this
hasn't been fleshed out yet and many EU
companies can't afford to wait for
Brussels to come to the rescue
French companies will not be able to
stay because they need to be paid for
the products they deliver to and
manufacture in Iran and they cannot be
paid because there is no sovereign and
autonomous European financial
institution the French oil company total
si has already announced it plans to
leave Iran they stand to lose 30% of
their stake in the Iranian gas fields
the French automobile company PSA group
also announced it plans to leave Iran
despite having sold half a million
automobiles there last year other
companies like Danish Maersk and German
Siemens are also winding down operations
in Iran it would be suicide to do any
business of funding for Iran or
unrelated companies without explicit
guarantees from the US government they
have us by the throat because so much
business is conducted and cleared in
dollars in a desperate attempt to save
EU companies Europe's economic and
foreign policy Chiefs sent a letter to
the US government they pleaded for
exemptions from Washington sanctions for
companies that sign contracts after the
Iran nuclear deal was implemented but
did it work no the u.s. stand firms on
its M natee towards Iran no more
no more wealth creation for Iranian
kleptocrats no more acceptance of
missiles landing in Riyadh than the
Golan Heights
no more cost-free expansions of Iranian
power no more the jcpoa put the world at
risk because of its fatal flaws so while
politicians from across the pond try to
sell each other their own truths
it seems the EU has only two options
leave Iran and lose some money now
or stay and lose some money later
you
