like quickly turned to love almost when
President Trump welcomed kanya west of
the Oval Office the u.s. rapper who now
wants to be known as ya was wearing a
make America great again cap in front of
all the media and officials there which
he said gave him superpowers I put this
hat off and made me feel like Superman
you made a Superman that's my favorite
superhero you know what I don't like
about it's not that I don't like what I
what I need Saturday Night Live to
improve on or what I need the Liberals
to improve on is if he don't look good
we don't look good this is our president
he has to be the freshest the pliers the
flying planes so that's an endorsement
the pair discussed some serious topics
West went on in fact on a 10-minute
monologue about social policy mental
health and foreign issues like North
Korea he also lashed out a Democrat
saying they're using the concept of
racism to control voters that comment
and the meeting in general sparked fury
online though and across America's
mainstream media Kanye West in the Oval
Office today unfiltered and unapologetic
not only was this a crazy conversation
for this White House this is the kind of
conversation that would typically be
held between people wearing Hospital
bracelets this is not funny they were
laughing there this is a man who needs
help
needs help I've said it before president
Trump is exploiting Kanye using him to
try to reach black voters if you are
anything but a white male historically
life wasn't better for you than it is in
the current moment it's stunning Ali
you
