do you sure you're not professional
lovers lucky so we're having an
international kick about here I got very
lucky there we got football fans from
all over the world who got Russia and
Azerbaijan Morocco and gentlemen here
from Poland this is Rafa now he explains
why I'm doing this report today because
there are fans who haven't got tickets
to watch the games even st. Petersburg
he'll be watching Poland did what Moscow
Kazan Volga grab but he still wants to
see st. Petersburg see the Hermitage see
this sighs so what does he do when he
wants to watch all the other games they
head to the bars pubs restaurants around
the city games are being shown live
everywhere where's the best place to go
is the question
let's take a look my first choice yes
it's no great secret the band's own that
have chosen because it's popular and for
a reason it's big it's outdoors we're in
the sunshine it's family friendly and
there's a great atmosphere here if
there's going to be a god what better
place to enjoy it
and after the excitement of all the
football perfectly located just outside
the fan zone you can unwind relax with a
gentle boat ride in the Venice of the
north but maybe all of this sunshine and
fresh evidence your liking if so you're
a little strange but I understand so
let's head to option two and go to the
pub
this is the way to enjoy the World Cup
football with it beer some chips a kebab
some tortillas it's very global
cosmopolitan here
what makes this particularly interesting
well there's a clue in the name it's
called the hundred yards bar that's
because it's long and it needs to be
because we've got
misleading because it's not a hundred
yards long it's 300 meters long it's one
of the longest in the world are you
having fun
course they are
so this is my third and final and I
think by far the most interesting
suggestion of where to watch the game
this is the old sport
and this is where you can come and
yourself as a fan live on the game this
guy here he's a pan and he's giving live
: shoo
and he's pretty good this is the place
for all the frustrated commentators
among it you know the guys the ones who
just never shuts up while I gave is on
there what if you don't know all the
players how do you deal with that
problem
I said the big deal at all if I don't
remember the name of the player I just
call him a kitten and because it sounds
nice
like Keaton please make it face move the
ball so if you want you can go and try
it now today thank you but never gonna
happen so into the second half makes the
leap watermill unexpected I went on
holiday to Mexico last year if anybody
is ever in the Cancun area
highly recommend now the shot comes in
but even I could have caught that one of
most of you I think except the people in
the corner drinking for Germany play
England enough to say
it's nice to say as an Englishman this
is great to watch I should say by the
way I am available for UEFA Cup Euro
League champions the World Cup matches
any professional tournaments just get in
touch with my agent
you
you
