struggling with its own migrant crisis
students in the Spanish city of Alicante
have been relocated from their publicly
owned accommodation to make way for
refugees that were on board the rescue
ship Aquarius that ship you may recall
was earlier turned away by Italy and
Malta sparking off a diplomatic row it
was carrying more than a hundred
migrants rescued off the coast of Libya
Spain stepped in eventually and that
humanitarian ship docked in Valencia the
mother of one of the students now though
was forced to leave says it was unfair
to kick out her son he what was paid
rent while adding it's very doubtful
that for instance the Spanish Prime
Minister would leave his residence to
accommodate the migrants and she's not
the only one upset by the move refugees
come here with no money and what next
why do they get it for support for my
government but they won't see helping
people is great but not when the country
is in crisis I do believe it is a good
thing to shelter people in need but
evicting students especially during
exams is wrong this is horrible that the
students only received 24 hours notice
that's not enough time to find another
place to stay it said that therefore it
is a quick footnote to this authorities
in the valencia regions say those
students were offered alternative places
to stay and didn't have to pay anything
you
