the number of terror attacks carried out
by radical Islamists in Europe has
doubled in the last year
that's according to a newly released
report Europol says the number of
attacks reached 33 in 2017 way upon the
13 of the year before the official death
toll from the 2017 attacks was put at 62
meanwhile the latest opinion polls
reveal EU citizens believe the main
threats the continent face our
immigration and terrorism with nearly a
third of those Quiz saying terror is now
the most urgent issue the head of one of
the UK's main intelligence bodies GCHQ
recognizes and the concerns these
threats are both complex are more global
and none of us can defend against them
alone in the last year we've played a
critical role in the disruption of
terrorist operations in at least four
European countries okay let's bring in
David low terrorism expert and
university lecturer at Liverpool John
Moores at a university in the UK thanks
for coming on to the program David so
the report shows the number of terror
attacks has doubled in Europe in just a
year is it an anomaly or are we
genuinely seeing a rise or do you think
the rate will continue to rise as
rapidly as it's suggesting oh my dearest
hope is the the number of incidents will
will drop dramatically I think it was an
unprecedented year last year throughout
the whole of Europe we saw quite a
number of low-level attacks you know a
use of vehicles sharply bladed
instruments like knives which is easy to
relatively easy to carry out but there
were some ones were certainly Barcelona
the black where they tried to use
improvised explosive devices as well as
Parsons green in London again but
fortunately their knowledge of of
explosives wasn't sufficient for rare
but for those bombs to to detonate so we
were very lucky there but I think
lessons have also been learnt every time
it's an incident they will debrief what
went well and what didn't go well and
learn but what's crucial and you know
you listen to Interpol as also you're
upholding EU is cooperation between the
policing agencies around the world that
is absolutely
fufu yeah I mean you mentioned these
low-level attacks nevertheless it
appears doesn't it that the you know
that it's getting worse certainly in
terms of the international community and
the European community we've heard lots
and had lots of debates about how safe
they feel one example a recent incident
in France when a man armed with a knife
tried to push a passerby from a bridge
against stirring much debate whether
that was a terror attack or not a isn't
there a problem with defining what a
terror attack is and where can the line
be drawn yeah I think you're quite right
there it's trying to identify maybe an
issue that's cropped up is this seems to
be a delay between the policing the
police and officials declaring it was a
terrorist attack because you have to be
quite clear on this I mean what was
interesting was in Toronto a couple of
months ago we saw an individual drive a
vehicle onto a road and his cause was
involuntary celibate now is that a
terrorist incident or is that someone
who you know for reasons unknown known
to themselves they want to carry out
this type of attack and we've and we
what what the danger is people saying
how easy this come relatively this can
be but lessons have also been learned if
you look at many major cities and towns
and where there's open air events there
are physical precautions taking
obstructions and so on to learn from it
but as you were saying there with a
knife attack I mean is it an assault
that's not Thai related or if it's a
fatality is it a murder that's not
terrorist related this is crucial to try
and determine what it is and what
resources to put it into it yeah I mean
David there's also obviously with the
surge of these attacks last year and you
said it was unprecedented lots of finger
pointing as well going on and about an
prosecutor for example said that the
main threat comes from those who have
already crossed the border and now live
in Europe where does the blame like can
we identify where that blame lies or
people again just trying to you
find answers to these questions what we
always want to find answers and answers
are crucial because that will help us in
the future to make plans and strategies
and to see if you know if legislation
needs to change etc quite clearly I mean
what we also saw was the coincided with
the fall of the loss of geographical
territory for the likes of Islamic state
and of course returning fighters
fighters when you're wanting to get back
to to Europe who who left the those
shores to go and fight out there so
that's that's that's one cause of
concern
I think what is also as you introduce
the this this this news story is the
dark suit GCHQ you can still see the
work going on behind the scenes where
four attacks in mainland Europe were
prevented and that's where this
cooperation is vital so yes we're always
looking for answers we it's easy to lay
a blame somewhere well I think we have
to be careful when we do that you know
that there are genuine rare refugees
certainly coming from the Middle East
and there and the Syria region and it's
very easy to point a finger but I think
that shows though there has to be care
and I understand people's concerns you
know going out and about because
certainly when you look at some of these
attacks they're going out to enjoy
themselves and quite rightly you go to
enjoy yourself you sort of drop your
guard a bit and that's what you should
do but I can understand people's
concerns yeah okay David Lowe thanks
very much for your expertise terrorism
expert and universe electric Liverpool
John Moores University great to have you
on the program
you
