one British peer has found himself in
hot water over his comments on Twitter
Lord Allen sugar was forced to apologize
after posting the following tweet about
the Senegal squad it featured a picture
of the team with photoshopped bags and
sunglasses in front of them with sugar
making a reference to beach sellers well
after a backlash he took down the tweet
noting that he still thought it was
funny he eventually made an apology
saying he had no intention to offend
anyone well let's discuss this further
now joining me live is former England
star and RT World Cup co-host and
columnist and thanks for joining us on
the program what was your reaction when
you first saw that tweet disgusted upset
but not surprised many people look
follow me on Twitter and through the
Stan Collymore show this year we've
looked at racism we've looked at
xenophobia and there has been a lot of
stones as you can imagine pre this
tournament in in Russia about Russia
xenophobia and racism I've plucked it
out at home many many examples of tweets
that I get that our racists that are
homophobic that are sexist Britons need
to look a lot closer to home and this is
at the very apex let's not forget a
British society this is a lord he's a
Jewish Lord and I tweeted later on if
this was a black Briton that would have
tweeted something similar about the
Israeli national team he would be fired
he would certainly be potentially be
arrested but I feel like a lot of the
racism that goes on in my country at the
moment that the deletion of the tweet a
mealy-mouthed apology will be enough
Cyril and Lord Sugar to keep his job on
the approach at the BBC and maybe make
another faux pas in months to come
indeed Lord Sugar did take that tweet
down Polly his apology wasn't exactly
sincere he admitted he still thought it
was funny
how do you feel about that well it's not
fun it's racism one of the things that I
when I posted he's the screenshot of his
tweet all I get is predominantly from
white British men but this but
have a sense of humor you people the
race card we already other a situation
that's toxic enough with people like
Tommy Robinson with Katie Hopkins and
Lord Sugar is seen as a liberal voice so
for me as a black Briton that can go
back 30 40 years ago when I was a child
and suffered horrific racism to see all
coming out today and people not making
genuine apologies and actually going the
other way and outing in the most stupid
in the most demeaning way that racism
gives me a good idea and hopefully gives
the viewer idea of the toxic nature of
British politics at the moment obviously
we're reporting on this story but do you
feel like this remark got enough
attention in the rest of the media not
yet it remains to be seen whether it be
front-page news tomorrow like I said if
this was a black peer of the realm that
tweeted anything anti-semite and
anti-semitic he rightly would be sacked
he rightly would not keep his job on the
BBC which is the state broadcaster Allen
sugar is taking down the tweet and it
will be carried on regardless I'm not
happy I know a lot of journalists in
Britain are not happy across the
political spectrum
he needs to now come out and make an
apology anon I'll put this challenge to
the BBC are you going to keep at Allen
sugar as the host of The Apprentice do
you think a lie in elite level athletes
from an African country to beat sellers
is anything other than racism and if it
is racism he has no place on British
television how realistic do you think it
is done that Lord Sugar will be fired by
the BBC zero it's the same way Donald
Trump in the United States if you are
big box office if you have a large
Twitter following the way that broadcast
is quite look at it is what's there to
lose and what's that again they'd have
to look for a new presenter is very
high-profile it's been a success largely
in the UK the the UK version of The
Apprentice he can say it was an error of
judgment but all it does Nikki and
have to say this to people around the
world watching it perpetuates the myth
of blacks being less than less than
white less than this less than that and
for somebody of Lord Sugar
this isn't far right of center candidate
around in some European party this was a
guy that somebody like Gordon Brown and
Tony Blair looked to get on the left at
British politics this is somebody that
has spoken very very passionately about
anti-semitism in the Labor Party so for
him to actually go out of his way and to
do this and then to delete it I think he
will keep his job but I think that
people journalists viewers should put
pressure on because as for all of us the
consequences for my actions there should
be consequences for Lord Sugar's actions
and that for me would be not to present
the The Apprentice moving forward many
many could present us out there that
don't make out black people black elite
level athletes - equivalent to beat
cellars in Marbella disgusted
