hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
after three years of conflict that has
been estimated that out of a population
of twenty seven point four million
twenty 2.2 million people in Yemen are
in need of humanitarian assistance four
point five million children and women
are suffering malnutrition while 2.9
million people are internally displaced
this is a humanitarian catastrophe by
any measure so why are the US and UK so
committed to the Saudi UAE war on Yemen
crosstalking the tragedy known as Yemen
I'm joined by my guest
Mohammad morandi and today and he's a
professor at the University of Tehran in
London we have Charles Shoebridge he is
a security analyst and a former UK Army
and counter terrorism intelligence
officer and in Brighton we cross to
Katherine shock dam she is a senior
analyst with Alba and centre
all right cross stop rules in effect
that means he can jump in any time you
want and I always appreciate it let me
go to Charles first in this war has been
going on for three years I gave some of
the stats I encourage our viewers to go
to Doctors Without Frontiers and look at
their site on Yemen the much more
detailed much more gruesome I would even
say what is the UK US interest in this
war against the country this the poorest
country in the Middle East what is the
thinking behind British foreign policy
supporting Saudi Arabia and the Emirates
against Yemen I suspect on the one hand
that you've got UK and the u.s. seeing
that to some degree and we can come on
to that later on their national
interests are aligned with those of
Saudi Arabia particularly against Iran
of course in Yemen as elsewhere and
again you have to question and hopefully
hopefully later in the poem we will do
that in more detail as to why the UK and
us always seem to see their interests as
being in conflict with Iran in most
instances but also there's got to be a
aspect of this which is based on
commercial interests of course Britain
and America supply vast amounts of
weaponry and other equipment to Saudi
Arabia the relationship with Saudi
Arabia particularly it's not just Saudi
Arabia involved here as well of course
other Gulf states as well all of which
have very lucrative commercial contacts
with Britain and the United States and
indeed France and it there has been
certainly over the last few years a
tendency for particularly United Kingdom
that anything that used Saudi Arabia
supports pretty much Britain and America
are going to support also and we have to
remember just really how important this
relationship particularly Saudi Arabia
is
if we think about Trump we think about
other government ministers in the United
States and the United Kingdom
their first ports at port of call when
they've been put into office isn't their
allies in Europe or the states often
it's usually going off to see two
players both of whom are vitally
important to British and particularly
merican interests one of those is Israel
the other one always Saudi Arabia and so
really I think this war is becoming
increasingly an embarrassment not just
war but the blockade and everything else
that goes with it it's becoming an
embarrassment to Western leaders as
invariably parts of it creep into media
coverage because there's been a yes
lastly creep creep but also they will
they'll continue to support it Katherine
let me go to you in in Brighton okay so
we've got a little bit of the background
the the reason why if we can use that
term for the British and the Americans
so what does victory mean in Yemen for
the Saudis and in the UAE genocide I
mean what what do they hope to what is
the end goal here
go ahead Katherine the end goal was
basically the situation that would we
have prior to 2011 when the people
decided to to rise up against the the
then in a regime where a Saudi Arabia
was in control of Yemen and Yemen's
political future as well as economical
future and I think that this is what
they're trying to do the trying to
revert back to you know the situation
that we had you know 3 2011 but it's not
going to happen because people have
learned that they have a right to
political self-determination and they
understand today most you know the
majority of Yemen you understand that
Saudi Arabia is not there to promote
greater Yemen or even should promote a
greater future for Yemen but rather you
know to have yet another country clarin
state that would remain forever tied up
to Yemen the if I may just very quickly
when we talk about you know British and
the u.s. siding with Saudi Arabia
because of the fear and and animosity
they have towards Iran we need to be
very careful here to understand that
Yemen is a proxy only in the eyes of
Britain and the US because there is no
Iranian influence but Yemen represent
geographically an advantage is that it's
sitting on very important waterways
militarily and of course because of the
old route
which is why Britain and the US are
interested in Yemen in the fruitless
first place it has really nothing to do
with the fact that it won't have an eye
on Yemen but rather because of the
geography and where Yemen is is situated
in relation to Iran and the rest of the
the Gulf countries and I think it's an
important point because we need to stop
this narrative that Iran you know has an
interest in trying to promote unrest in
them and that's not the case if anything
Iran needs stability in the region to be
able to itself you know you know
stabilize its own borders and and
everything else I goes with it I think
that Katherine I'm really glad you
brought that up because there is a
self-determination issue in Yemen that
has never brought up in the mainstream
media and Charles already brought up the
issue that is always mentioned I'm gonna
go to Mohammed now and turan it's all
Iran's fault as usual I mean you picked
the day of the week it's Russia's fault
or Iran's fault here now I'm willing to
agree that Iran may have some kind of
involvement on some level now but not in
2011 that was what house that was sold
that Saudi intervention in the first
place here but it's always a rands fault
it's a proxy war it's far more than a
proxy war as Katherine has pointed out
go ahead Mohammed in Tehran this is one
of the excuses that Western countries in
the Western media use in order to
justify the crimes being committed by
their governments the Canadian
government the American British and
French governments are involved in
crimes against humanity and they are
just as guilty as Mohammed bin Salman
and the Saudi regime and all this
without them he couldn't be carrying out
these crimes the Americans are providing
all sort of source of logistical support
so they need to justify it somehow
obviously for anyone who know for who
knows anything about what's going on the
Yemenis do not have the ability to have
any meaningful contact with Iran there's
no way that the Iranians can help them
in a meaningful way because they are
completely surrounded the Americans and
the Saudis and others have laid siege on
the country they're preventing food from
getting in they are enforcing starve
eight starvation they've been doing this
for years now and the Western media
they they call it a proxy war or they
try to somehow blame the victims like in
Gaza in order to again justify their
policies but it's obvious that this
country is surrounded the overwhelming
majority of the population is living in
the areas controlled by the Ansar Allah
and their allies the popular committees
and so on after all these years after
over three and a half years with all the
internal foreign support Americans
support European support mercenaries
from from different countries Blackwater
and an American and French official
military presence on the ground
Sudanese mercenaries after all you know
with all the money that the Saudis and
the Emiratis are spending if they cannot
capture the capital of the country that
shows that it is the will of the people
of Yemen that prevents them from doing
so that shows that the resistance
against the Saudis and Americans is a
legitimate and popular resistance but
that's something that they don't want to
see because that makes CNN that makes
the New York Times The Guardian the BBC
all of them run against their own
government if they point these out that
humiliates their own government position
Charles I have noticed that what scant
coverage there is on the on the cable
stations the Iran card is always almost
always played first okay and there is
not the not there isn't a willingness to
admit that our serious war crimes are
being committed and I'd like to point
out that the Houthis also have been
accused of that in all fairness but this
is a very tragic conflict that again you
know what is the endgame here because I
mean what just reading the stats I mean
this is a country a humanitarian
situation that is is winding down very
winding winding out of control in a very
serious way I mean cholera I mean
something that is virtually wiped out in
the world has come back into benjin's
there and there seems to be no alcohol
cry whatsoever from the media I mean it
makes them culpable go ahead Charles or
if there is outcry as you've already
kind of hinted at it's at a humanitarian
situation that seems to have arisen out
of nothing that this is a famine that
there are hundreds of thousands of
children not in education but there is
as you say for the second year running
now the danger of a cholera epidemic
breaking out as if this has got nothing
to do with the fact that this war has
been visited upon this people by Saudi
Arabia and its allies but particularly
of course what's missing from the
Western media coverage is that this war
this assault on this country as you
point out one of the poorest countries
on earth and facing terrible predicament
for its people that this assault on this
country is enabled totally by Britain
America and France particularly Britain
in America in supplying the weapons that
are being used against the Yemeni people
and of course study after study from
independent organizations for monitoring
groups human rights groups as well as
the UN itself have shown repeatedly that
there has been almost no care taken to
prevent civilian casualties we're
talking about the humanitarian situation
that is largely been caused by the
blockade that is in place that is
preventing medicines and foods arriving
as we speak even fighting going on of
course the assault has been launched on
the major booty held port by the Saudis
and the Emiratis
again with British and American and
French not only material cover by
providing the materials the logistical
support the intelligence the refueling
and arming capabilities but the weapons
themselves but also diplomatic and
propaganda aromatic and propaganda for
example it was Britain France and
America that blocked the Swedish in its
initiative a few days ago to actually
call a ceasefire and that was actually
virtually absent from UK and US media
coverage and one other aspect I would
just quickly mention or the kafir'
mention and to support what she said
it's interesting about the Iran angle as
you mention always been brought up but
in three years no actual hard evidence
has been shown whatsoever even by those
that claim that
Ronny's back into heat is to prove that
Charles I'm gonna I'm gonna jump in here
and we have to remember that in December
of last year the Pentagon admitted it
had troops on the ground we're gonna go
to a short break and after a short break
that short break we'll continue our
discussion on Yemen stay with our tea
welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter LaBelle
to remind you were discussing the
tragedy known as Yemen
okay let me go back to Katherine on
skype in in in Brighton well I said
we've already pointed out in this
program and you put it quite
definitively in the first part of the
program the people of Yemen do not want
to be occupied they're proven over the
last three years to be quite resistant
to that even though the casualties are
high in every single way there has never
been any doubt solid documentation that
Iran is helping militarily or any in any
kind of meaningful material way so what
is facing the Saudis in the UA in the in
the Emirates I mean it doesn't are they
gonna have a land invasion and occupied
I mean the people of Yemen have shown
themselves to be quite resilient to the
onslaught that they have experienced
over the last three and a half years go
ahead Katherine well yes I mean
historically Yemen was never invaded in
the you know the Ottoman Empire actually
you know gave up in Al of Yemen to have
a great degree of autonomy and it really
goes to show that you know the Saudi are
not really good at brushing up on their
history bearing in mind that Yemen is
actually their direct neighbor now when
it comes to you know a military victory
I don't think it's gonna happen because
northern I mean if the South of Yemen
might actually give up and actually open
it's already kind of done it already to
you know open up itself to you know the
UAE or Saudi Arabia I very much doubt
that the north will give up because you
know there are very different people all
together and for very obvious reason
they understand that any occupation by
Saudi Arabia would mean an entire
genocide for them because Saudi Arabia
is very sectarian in its approach and
has made sure that you know the the
Houthi answer Allah the resistance
movement in general and northern Yemen
globally has been label under this you
know this Shira Teitel
and therefore should be obliterated we
tend to forget this you know the Saudi
are not just out there to gain victory
what they're trying to do is an ally ate
an entire people because of their
religious standing their religious
belief and the tradition and you know
forget a little bit about the civilian
casualty and understand that they're not
collateral damage
you know the Saudi have architected this
war to inflict maximum damage on
civilians because he wants the people to
rise up against the resistant movement
not understanding that the resistance
movement in itself is made out of the
people the
Timothy da ansarullah has is given by
the people of Yemen it's not being
created out of thin air and therefore a
victory for the Saudi is by definition
impossible the people will not allow it
but in the meantime we're facing a
catastrophe of biblical proportion
because northern Yemen is being
decimated for only one reason is that
these people decided to be free in their
own land in their own sovereignty so the
real question is are we actually willing
in Western countries to defend the
nations such as Saudi Arabia and
actually give up and forfeit our own
rights to our own sovereignty and own
democracy because this is what we're
doing by allowing a country to
unlawfully declare war on another in
Yemen right exactly let me go back to
Mohammed in Tehran I mean considering
the I mean we see some kind of peace
overture process with North Korea about
nuclear weapons and then we kind of go
in the other side of the world we have
Iran and considering the cast of
characters that surround President Trump
I'm not hopeful at all on what's going
to happen when it comes to around I have
a distinct worry that they're gonna use
this humanitarian crisis given the way
the media works is it gonna say this is
a rance fault because of Iran's
involvement and that's just another box
that it's checked in this an agenda that
looking at regime change in Iran
punishing Iran more sanctions etc etc
and this is when they'll pull out the
pictures this is where they're gonna
have the crying mothers and the skinny
babies that's when they're gonna start
showing those pictures they have them
all saved up in archive and that's when
they're gonna use it that's my
supposition okay go ahead Mohamed I
think it's quite obvious that what is a
different in this part of the world is
the Saudi Israeli alliance and their
relationship with the White House and
the United States political regime in
general in indicate for example just
recently we saw another airstrike on
Buca Mall in the east of Syria were
either the Americans or the Israelis
bombed Iraqi and Syrian forces that were
fighting Isis so and but this is
something that the Western
you won't touch why because it's in the
interests of the Israeli regime is the
interest of in the interest of the
Americans to keep Syria unstable and to
strengthen Israel that is the criteria
through which everything is judged and
in the case of Yemen we see the exact
same thing because Yemen as opposed to
Saudi Arabia the people of Yemen are
suppo are opposed to Saudi Arabia they
don't want to legitimize this resistance
so they have to find a scapegoat in that
scapegoat is of course Iran whether it's
in Gaza whether it's in Syria whether
it's in Iraq everything is Iran and it's
it's I think it's very racist the way in
which Western countries ignore and West
the Western media ignore what's
happening in Yemen which is the greatest
catastrophe and so far in this century
and but on the other hand I think what's
important is that the Saudis are losing
the war yeah in spite all the propaganda
in Al ho Dada the Saudis have been
unable to capture the city they've been
unable to capture the airport they've
been they face serious casualties we
have from according to the resistance in
Yemen the Americans have a command post
in Moravia and maja in support of the
attacks we know for example that
al-qaeda in Yemen as the head of
al-qaeda said last year that they are
fighting alongside the Saudi and the UAE
backed forces which is not strange
because that's exactly what happened in
in Libya al Qaeda was used to overthrow
as Ophion look at look at Libya today
just the fighting right now that's been
taking place over the last few days or
what or what we saw in Syria and and of
course in Syria the Western media likes
to say that President Assad has killed
hundreds of thousands of its own people
but in reality was Obama and his allies
that are responsible for these deaths
and in Yemen if you notice they always
say it's for three and a half years now
they've been saying 10,000 people have
died and where in reality hundreds of
thousands of people have died but they
tried to downplay the casualties in
Yemen
try to hide them even though hundreds of
thousands of people have died from
cholera from starvation and other
sicknesses preventable sicknesses and
whereas in Iraq and Syria they were
trying to inflate it despite the fact
that they were in reality the side that
was responsible more than anyone else
let me go to Charles in London and we
ought to point out also that a number of
international aid groups are leaving
Yemen because of the humanitarian crisis
being there to help but it's getting to
such a critical point that they can't
even protect their own people I want to
stay with Charles in London I mean the I
looked at the how the Pentagon has
reacted to all this they say that they
are solely targeting al-qaeda on the on
the Arabian Peninsula does that cut knee
does that make any sense to you I mean I
think they say but it seems to me that
if they're giving logistical support
then I guess all these al-qaeda people
are in wedding processions all the time
okay I mean it doesn't make any sense to
me at all go ahead Charles yeah America
and Britain as she often they're playing
a double game they would say one thing
in public and in private they're doing
something else so for example they would
say that they urge restraint on Israel
that they urge restraint on Saudi Arabia
and then behind the scenes it's clear
they're saying that's all you're going
to hear from us his where's the next
check for the next weapons load that
you're going to use to carry out these
humanitarian atrocities in unite in
Yemen it's absolutely clear that the one
of the main reasons why al Qaeda and the
Arabian Peninsula is still a problem for
the West is because of the instability
in that country in the same way that
Isis came out of the instability created
by the West or at least largely fostered
by the West in Iraq and Syria and now of
course also as was pointed out in Libya
and so and and then of course notice how
in Syria the existence of Isis on the
ground even though that is waning
largely as a result of being crushed by
forces such as Hezbollah the Iranian
militia Assad and a Russian Air Force
and so on that the presence of Isis is
then used by the United States and
Britain as a justification for having
troops and a presence on the ground and
that's there's probably some element of
that in why the Americans are still
active in Yemen but the main reason is
to support the Saudi onslaught the
Saudis have proved again and again
that regardless of the massive amount of
military capability they have that in
terms of actually putting that to use
they are not actually that competent
they've shown that repeatedly and
therefore they are largely reliant on
Western logistical intelligence and and
other support but let's put something as
well let's try something into the mix
here for example three within the last
three years
Britain's arms exports to Saudi Arabia
they quickly equate to something like
ten billion dollars half of all
Britain's arms exports yeah go to one
country Saudi Arabia and that's on top
of the massive Saudi and incidentally
also Qatar we influence that these
countries have on the City of London in
terms of ownership of stocks and shares
companies and also real estate and let's
not forget as well the massive flotation
that's coming up of the large part of
the Saudi sovereign wealth fund the oil
fund that it's going to come up in the
next few months for which London is and
a New Yorker absolutely vying to to
achieve the flotation on their market
and so to support Saudi Arabia for
Britain or at least the elites running
Britain in America as well when you look
at political donations to the ruling
elites running these countries the role
of Saudi Arabia like Israel is
absolutely vital and the sad thing is
that they put on one side the massive
lucrative gains that are to be had from
continuing this relationship is toxic
relationship with a country like Saudi
Arabia on the other side is the
suffering and the deaths of a creation
of a humanitarian catastrophe which is
largely not being reported in the West
and certainly hasn't been reported as
anything in which Britain and America
are complicit okay the latter part of
what you said Charles it's just it's
just shameful it's just utterly shameful
and then having the media cover because
of stock prices oh my goodness
Katherine there are reports that the the
Pentagon is has say hesitating a little
bit with this last major port Judea
because they know if they kept shut that
if they allow the Emirates to capture it
and shut it down then the humanitarian
crisis just think it's accelerated
somebody somebody in the Pentagon is a
little worried about
that's this reports I read last 40
seconds the program go to you Catherine
go ahead I don't know if they really
worried about the humanitarian
catastrophe I think they actually
worried that they gonna lose you know
this battle for the support of high data
because I don't think that Yemen
resistance movement we allow it will
allow it to fool and they will throw
everything that they've got against it
so I think it's more to do with you know
having to lose very publicly a very deal
strategic you know seaport in northern
Yemen rather than really caring for for
humanitarian crisis because this crisis
has gone on for three years and millions
of people have already suffered and up
in it continue to suffer so I don't
think that Washington is very
preoccupied you know by civilian
suffering and casualties I think it has
more to do with losing very publicly a
very important battle for Yemen because
you know if we did a doesn't fool the
Saudi have lost more than just the war
they have loved attending in the reading
Katherine I have to jump in here we have
we've run out of time many thanks to my
guests in London Brighton and into then
and thanks to our viewers for watching
us here at RT see you next time and
remember cross buckles
