President Trump wants to move the ball
forward from day one he has called out
institutions or countries who say one
thing and do another and that's
precisely the problem at the Human
Rights Council as president Trump said
at the UN General Assembly it is a
massive source of embarrassment to the
United Nations that some governments
with egregious human rights records sit
on the Human Rights Council for too long
the Human Rights Council has been a
protector of human rights abusers anis s
full of political bias for a long time
we've heard the Trump administration
speak highly critically of the United
Nations and specifically the UN Human
Rights Council but now we have the
dramatic move of the USA officially
withdrawing from the UN Human Rights
Council not being a member of this body
that it's been long critical of now
we've heard from Mike Pompeo Secretary
of State and he specifically cited
criticism of Israel by the UN Human
Rights Council as a reason for the USA
withdrawing and the council's continued
in well-documented bias against Israel
is unconscionable since its creation the
council has adopted more resolutions
condemning Israel against the rest of
the world combined now Israel has
thanked the United States for their move
withdrawing from the council and there
have been widespread reactions from
elsewhere the secretary-general would
have much preferred for the United
States to remain in the Human Rights
Council the UN's Human Rights
architecture plays a very important role
in the promotion and protection of human
rights worldwide now we've heard from
the executive director of Human Rights
Watch mr. Kenneth Roth he responded
saying quote the Trump administration's
withdrawal is a sad reflection of it's
one-dimensional human rights policy
defending Israeli abuses from criticism
takes precedence above all else he went
on to say other governments will have to
redouble their efforts to ensure that
the council addresses the world's most
serious human rights concerns UN Human
Rights Council has been quite critical
of the United States and a few areas
that there has been a recent report on
poverty in the United States saying that
government policies by the US government
not been addressing the economic rights
of the population there have also been
concerns widely expressed about the
treatment of migrants in the United
States most recently regarding the issue
of the separation of families along the
US border from there we have heard from
the president of the UN Human Rights
Council and he said that the US
withdrawal is a topic that should be
explicitly discussed by the council we
did hear from nikki Haley the US
ambassador to the United Nations and she
said that the USA would be continuing to
push an agenda of human rights around
the world however they would no longer
be participating in the UN body that's
was just mentioned America's own human
rights record has been called into
question on a number of occasions
recently Donald Trump's pick for CIA
director Gina Haspel brought before the
issue of alleged torture under the Bush
administration Haspel ever saw one of
the secret overseas prisons run by the
CIA where terror suspects were
reportedly tortured on mass the US envoy
to the UN neeki Haley has previously
said no human rights violator should sit
on the UN Human Rights Council being a
member of this council is a privilege
and no country who was a human rights
violator should be allowed a seat at the
table earlier we spoke to Ramsey Beirut
author and editor of the Palestine
Chronicle he thinks the u.s. leaving the
council is actually a good thing since
Trump has it been in power the US has
further cemented its policy of isolation
the isolationism of Donald Trump did not
just reach the the council but also
other international institutions other
American commitments under international
law the Paris Protocol and so forth and
so on now I think they just basically
decided to do which in my opinion is a
positive thing
remove themselves entirely from the
Human Rights Council
I say it's a positive thing in the sense
that the US presence in these
institutions has only served to target
its enemies and to protect Israel and
its own interest
you
you
