in 1942 one of the bloodiest battles of
mankind raged for seven months in what
was then known as Stalingrad we're here
in front of the Mother Russia statue to
commemorate that loss I'm here to
support my country England here at the
World Cup in Russia but also to pay our
respects
it's been an incredibly sobering
experience here in Volgograd seeing the
eternal flame and seeing the respect
that people from around the world have
shown this quite incredible city they
say that life goes on and that sacrifice
was made so that we can enjoy life enjoy
sport enjoy football enjoy watching my
nation England play in this fantastic
city the episode that we've got for you
this week features a trip to San
George's Park England's training base
for chat with some legends of the past
and maybe one or two of the future
I remember these Bobby's team talk
actually before the game in the morning
of the game and I pulled it into the
room now probably was quite known for
his team shots that because they'd go on
and a little bit before the Poland game
he got us all in together and he had his
customary clipboard on the side and he
said boys he said I can give you all the
permutations about win-win if we draw if
we're this and that but you know what
you've got to do you've got to go out
there for your country you've played for
the bag you've got the three lines what
we need today you just need to win this
game I know you can do it we know we can
and he was like goosebumps on the back
of the net and all the boys were just
about to get up off their chairs to get
out there we were like wow and he goes
but if anyone's interested there's a few
per meter anything and spend the next 45
minutes going to reach yourself just
brilliant
some Georgie's part the whole at the
England national football team I've come
today to basically give you an insight
as to what the England players will do
in terms of preparation making sure all
their targets are met before they go off
to the World Cup joined by Adam Burton
from game changer it's great to see
Leicester City fellas wellness of the
Foxes right so what do you want me to do
today give me an idea of what I can do
with these old 47 year old legs don't
work me too hard but what could I do to
show viewers at home as to what
professional footballers particularly
England players Brazil players
Switzerland players may be doing once
the European season finishes going to
walk upcycle sure so when it becomes
before they'll have done some testing
and profiling of their physical
characteristics it would be to retest
them and see if they've changed much and
is there something we need to do about
it in the meantime to prepare them
properly for that World Cup excellent
let's go show me what we can do
oh this isn't gonna be good we've been
on the stand Collymore Roadshow a team
mate in Brazil and Argentina okay so you
said that you had a broken leg on your
doober okay so that this is saying that
you're actually pushing more force
through that left leg despite it okay
and that was consistent consistently
let's have a little blow come on let's
see what we've got for a minute
so you should be able to get a higher
power than me because of your mass
compared to me so I'm only a slight 70
kilos and I'm more babe but if I was to
divide that by my body this score by the
by the way I might actually be working
harder pre-arrival on camp the physical
performance up at the FA will speak to
clubs and say can you give us x y&z
information so that we know what state
the athletes in when they come here so
if some of this data risk skewed and
they look at the training load they over
the previous weeks
they might say okay it's skewed
potentially because he's fatigued and we
might need to yeah which of course back
in the day when I was a player that the
major difference is is that you can now
see a player that is fatigued after a
long European season when I was playing
particularly when I started not so much
towards the end when technology came in
the player for example if you would go
out and do a five kilometer run the
player that was first on the run was the
fittest in the player that was last on
the run was seen as the unfit East so
actually a player that might have been
much more tired than the guy that
finished first and breezed it actually
had more load on him which made him more
tired nowadays you can see those kind of
differences exactly yes they start when
you're ready after you go
Adam I'm a little bit stiff a little bit
saw some in a gopher shower thank you
very much for joining us on the Stan
Collymore show fascinating insight here
at st. George's Park as to what goes
into the preparation for a FIFA World
Cup tournament domestic season finishes
in England players get a little bit of a
break but they still have to keep their
fitness levels high to be able to
entertain us in Russia so finally on our
tour of st. George's Park we've got the
Hall of Fame every player that's come
here and play Barcelona for example
Benfica trainer rafinha a fantastic
player there we've got some view that is
very well known in these parts as a
fellow Aston Villa fan like me but
that's where the similarity ends
he's Royal Highness Prince William the
Aston Villa fan the next king of England
got lots of players up and down here
Mike on Branislav Ivanovic lisandro
Chris Powell and this faded one here is
faded for a reason because like
religious totems where you rub the
shrine the foot the hand is this man
here Leo that gives you a little bit of
a clue peanut Macy
the people have been coming and giving
that a little bit of touch maybe to
hopefully rub off on them and their arm
football career the King default ball
Leo Messi
right so you remember the street child
World Cup we're here three weeks ago in
Moscow Brazil will eat and Kazakhstan
won it then we went back to London 14
miles and 14 days to raise money for
Stadium today where you've been so far
so the route was London Brussels Paris
Barcelona it came from a huge
congratulations for raising money for
Street child an incredibly important
initiative which we saw the world weeks
ago seems like the smarter we can find
Street jobs street child United's which
are generate calm dog I haven't heard of
the website for challenge 14 get
involved in supporting these guys who
have walked all this way
Legends beers on me later I just knew I
was gonna come on and score it's one of
those things I was I was warming up
behind the goal and we were one nil down
I was just thinking this is perfect you
know
it's warm everyone's gonna be tiring I'm
just bouncing ready to come on and I
kept looking and I was stretching but I
wasn't really sure I was just looking at
the bench thinking who's gonna call me
over yeah I was waiting and waiting and
it felt like cuz I thought he'll give me
half an hour and it just felt as if he's
not gonna give me a long enough it he's
twenty two or however many and it felt
like an eternity until he actually but
when I got on the ball just dropped and
I hit it and it went into the far corner
and I was just oh God scoring for your
country is amazing scoring in a World
Cup getting back into the game because
we were obviously getting beat at the
time was
there's some spirit in this to the squad
at that time and scoring a goal just
meant so much to me into everybody else
to get back in the game
we are here with the two missing funds
in Volgograd
delighted to be with Bonnie Ronay who's
here with the Guardian from the UK
Barney first question have you found the
tournament so far well I've really
enjoyed the football and I've enjoyed
Moscow I mean you come here I'm a
stranger to this country you come not
really knowing what to expect and I
found Moscow's picture express I saw one
of your tweets earlier and a member of
your family was in Stalingrad so it's
it's very personal for you as well yeah
my grandfather fought in the in the war
that he survived was taking was actually
a Viennese from Vienna he was taking
care of by Russians and I'm in fact the
reason I'm here is because he actually
survived Stalingrad which is a slightly
mind-blowing personal story so I'll
certainly be there paying respects and
probably feeling a bit mind blown by the
whole experience to be honest
let's not with you Jeremy why did you
come lots of stories suggest something
the fans shouldn't come whatever your
first impressions being of Moscow no you
went there and then Volga great it's
been great everyone's been super fun
what's your experience being as men of
color in Russia so far it's been / to
know about any any problems like it's
been like a as you expect anyway people
being friendly looked at you odds point
to that yeah no no friendly I feel like
you get this sort of pipe before
anything alone
we'll England go through with a very
famous man in England Arsenal fan TV
blew off how many years ago five years
five years it's been going the voice of
arson fans Robbie's with us he travels
with England as well Robbie we're here
in the Sun beautiful day on the Volga
you drop all what trouble
there's been no trouble I've been here
for five days I come here on well I've
been coming here since firstly and all I
can say is a like the Russian people
have been so welcoming and you've been a
fake welcome as well they've been
genuine and I've had a great time the
way far has been I feel like I'm in
Jamaica surprise you the welcoming we're
here today and this fun small around the
world and we're different ethnicities in
colours we've seen the Mexicans
comforted those in the Peruvians 30,000
of shanks and guys from South Africa
that come all the way to support England
the other day we've got Kenyans and
Senegalese over there are you surprised
at the Welcome I'm not actually stunned
because what it was I came over here in
March when also play CSKA Moscow and
again you know there was a lot of talk
there's gonna be trouble
with some of that and I came to that
game and it was no trouble and we got on
so great but their fans got so great
with the local people
so I Cana knew it was gonna be
when people get together they just wanna
have fun this is a World Cup you know as
you said when I came over on the plane
this people from Peru Mexico these
people coming to have fun
it's a trip of a lifetime for a lot of
them and they've come to enjoy
themselves as long as you come in with
that attitude you're gonna be alright
I have been really taken aback by how
nice has been I think the weather's made
it even better as well and my mission to
anybody are back home in England is get
on that and explain to continent
exclaims brilliant over
how can England do finally can we go
we've seen Argentina not win Brazil were
winning
France great through we bar and England
is out year we always say is it's a good
omen for us we're gonna win it I mean I
saw Spain and Portugal the other night
they were tasty well I think that if
England played without no fear just
going to those games and just say you
know we're gonna play like how are we
doing a Premier League we can do
something we can for finals semi finals
would be like winning the World Cup for
us with with the team we've got but I
think you know play without fear that's
what I want to see
while our three countries it's the
highest thing you can do in terms of
obviously football wise you know you all
want to play for club you want to played
with professionally you want to make it
into the first team and then obviously
right at the top is international
football so you want to represent your
country where you know where the shirt
where the badge obviously a massive
ambition for any player to play for his
country but that's a World Cup as well
going from a wide man working with guys
like that to a left back at one of the
world's biggest football clubs with the
pressure that brings how difficult as it
being even as this as a senior
international soberness I don't think
there's been much difficult now I think
if you can read the game and you've got
a good football in brain and you you
know you the awareness and space on the
pitch then and I think instead you you
work out your opponent as well what the
wingers want to do you know you can sell
food a game to be honest you know at
times is gonna be tough because Isis
wingers defending is in our Forte but
now I've managed to get down to my game
and you know work out when to go forward
when to defend as much so camel to help
us the the manager especially at club
level one you know I think I've I've
taken to it with you I had a good season
and you know I found myself back in
English squad which nothing was was
deserved and you know I've not looked
back since and there's a few fans were
saying cuts in a lot what's happening
down the left hand side so is it as a
right-footed left-sided player how
difficult is that and how aware of you
that somebody there needs to go down the
outside if we're gonna get crosses in
the box score goals I don't think it's
difficult at all you know felt played my
whole career on the left hand side so I
know when to when I come inside or when
I go outside the formation that we've
we've got playing I think if you look at
Saturday's game against Nigeria the
amount of lines that Delhi made into the
into the wire position and he got in on
was was unbelievers pushing the first
off so where do you talk to Delhi Ali
Raheem Sterling how he came that they
have to make those runs in there if you
cutting somebody's gotta go out there of
course everybody knows that you know if
I get have one left and I've got chance
to cut in then you know they made a runs
but the man has spoken about I was
spoken about in the house and everybody
knows where where to be on the pitch
where to go if I'm higher up the pitch
and I've got a chance to cost of all
people need to be in the box but you
know it's all about communication and a
movement off the ball one if you
communicate and all around the pitch and
laughing it will help us master I'm very
excited growing up as a kid you wanna be
playing in the best tournaments against
the best players in the world and the
world cops at the top of that list
because you know it's for your country
and it's a bit surreal but you know
we're all excited we're looking forward
to it and yeah we're raring to go
announcer do you rely on the joke is in
the camp to keep you nice and bubbly
yeah I think it's impossible for
everyone to be happy every single day
you know we're normal people I think the
up days when you're stressed out or when
you're not feeling as good as you was a
day before but I think growing up
playing in the youth teams for immunised
after you go to tournaments and you sort
of get used to it and you know they sort
of build it into you that it's that
important now because obviously we've
seen the 17s the 19's and the 20s all
have success and a lot of you guys have
now been catapulted into the first thing
is that that experience of being away
with the underage groups stand you in
good stead for World Cup tournaments
yeah definitely I think it plays a big
part cuz you know we said we've got a
young squad here if you take a 21 year
old away for for a month
below the guys you know it can't have a
negative effect but like I say I think
we've got a great team here we all get
on really well and yeah we're excited
it's hard not to be excited when you're
going to World Cup to play for England
we're trying to build as a team and I
think we're progressing really well when
you know the manager said one thing we
need to do better his control games and
when we are in front and not panicking
the game against Nigeria
you know they switched formation and as
a group we found out what they were
doing and we tried to solve as a team
and that's I think what you need to do
as a winning team because you're gonna
come up a come up against great teams in
the game and you know the managers plan
might not work and you've got to take
that on your shoulders as a group of
plays
so we've had a chat with Bosco associate
and the main man Harry Kane England are
often running at the FIFA World Cup when
into won against Tunisia
you
