been a deadlock case that stretched on
and on today mark six years since the
WikiLeaks chief Julian Assange stepped
foot into the Ecuadorian Embassy in
London and has not left since that's
over 2100 days cooped up behind those
walls
the main reason his biggest fear u.s.
retaliation for WikiLeaks exposing
information that those running the show
in Washington would prefer to have kept
under wraps
gilina song is engaged in terrorism he
should be treated as an enemy combatant
WikiLeaks should be closed down
permanently and decisively this guy's a
traitor a treasonous and and and he has
broken every law of the United States
the guy ought to be and I'm not for the
death penalty so if I'm not for the
death penalty wanted to do it illegally
shoot the son of a WikiLeaks walks like
a hostile intelligence service and talks
like a hostile intelligence service
ignorance or misplaced idealism is no
longer an acceptable excuse for
lionizing these demons in these last six
years a lot has happened
the original Swedish investigation into
sexual assault allegations against
Assange has come and gone international
organizations such as the UN have called
his detention arbitrary and demanded his
release concerns have been raised
multiple times about his deteriorating
health including in London courtrooms a
Sandra's legal team has made appeal
after appeal for him to be guaranteed
secure passage if he were to walk out of
Ecuadorian territory onto British soil
but to no avail he's still wanted by
British authorities for breaching bail
conditions when he initially stepped
foot into the embassy Assange worries if
he walks out he'll be sent straight to
the US this case is and has always been
about the risk of extradition to United
States and that risk remains real nobody
can credibly deny that risk in December
Julian Assange was granted a quid ourian
citizenship raising his hopes that his
story was finally going somewhere but
that hasn't happened either
Ecuador's new president who took office
last year has indicated that he's no fan
of Assange speaking out about politics
while under his roof demanding that the
journalist and publisher does not exceed
the limits of free speech since March
Assange's access to the internet and
other forms of communication have been
cut the URI to help service you I have
made a very respectful remark to mr.
Assange his status doesn't allow him to
talk about the politics of any country
let alone ours it looks increasingly
like Julian Assange is threatening to
outstay his welcome at the Ecuadorian
Embassy which means the direction this
lengthy saga will head next is probably
more
now than ever let's test a trick an IRT
London human rights activist Craig
Murray believes it's unlikely Julian
Assange will ever walk free from the
Ecuadorian Embassy what we're seeing is
extremely shameful we're seeing pressure
being brought to bear on Ecuador by the
United States by Spain and by various
neoconservative motivated countries in
order to silence and potentially
imprison one of the great editors and
journalists of our time who has
contributed massively to public
knowledge all the signs are that the
United States intends to extradite
Assange as soon as he is able to leave
the embassy and this on charges all
espionage which is an extremely serious
offence and it's quite extraordinary
that somebody who has simply published
information given them to information of
enormous public interest to be put into
the public domain that a country which
historically has claimed to be the
champion of these speech seeks to bring
that kind of hardly political
persecution against the publisher and
editor
you
