well this comes just a week after the
historic summit that took place last
week in Singapore which Trump went back
and forth on there was some confusion
whether or not it would actually take
place but just after the summit Trump
promised to cut back military exercises
with South Korea saying that the costs
of war games are too high but given
their tense history it's interesting to
witness how dramatically Trump has
shifted in terms of his attitude towards
Kim in such a short period of time best
not make any more threats to the United
States they will be met with fire and
fury
Rocketman should have been handled a
long time ago the White House also said
that the drills would continue to remain
a pause so long as the North Koreans
continue to act in good faith so it
seems that there are no losers in this
situation especially considering that
Trump is indeed keeping his word well at
least for now so we'll just have to see
what happens meanwhile Kim jong-un has
arrived in China again for a two-day
visit is the North Korea's leaders a
third trip to the country just since
March the visit does come a week after
the summit with Donald Trump a former US
diplomat Jim Jerris says the halting of
joint drills does show progress is being
made on the peninsula this actually
looks very much what China and Russia
have been proposing for many months
which is a freeze for freeze before they
stop their missile and nuclear tests we
stopped our exercises I think there was
some trash talk if he will the kind of
thing we see before a prizefight the
rhetoric has changed from Kim's side as
well he called Trump let an old dotard
or something like that but I think that
was posturing on both sides I think the
important thing about this summit is
that it was focused on substance and
let's remember the first thing one of
the first things Trump said after the
summit is that he would be freezing
these exercises which really provoked
some outrage here the he even used the
word provocative in people's at oh
you're accepting the North Korean
began to term
you
