the celebratory headlines here across
the board lots of pundits on the radio
talking about the young England team
look at that Harry Cain the man of the
match on all the front pages I'm kind of
losing these papers here on all the
front pages of the newspapers this
morning all the pundits talking about
how the team can improve going forward
and I saw a few stories especially in
the run-up to the match about how the
hosts involved the grad how they had
been welcoming England fans with open
arms and how the fans there had been
outnumbered by Tunisians but apparently
the Russian hospitality was there for
everyone to see now one particular
headline that I enjoyed was this one
World Cup 2018 it says England fans
praise welcomed by Russian hosts as they
celebrate win and there's a quote from
an England fan that says I was speaking
to a Russian ultra all he wanted to do
was hug me so even those dreaded Russian
ultras that we'd heard so much about in
the run-up to this World Cup behaving
themselves for a change so contrary to a
lot of the predictions everything seems
to have gone off without a glitch and
some very celebratory headlines here in
the British media this morning
