I feel very very happy for the England
boys because if they hadn't got there
the next couple of days would have been
terrible for them they would have been
crucified by the the British media and
I'm not sure that they are gonna go
completely free because the second half
was awful the way they played the second
half it's not it's not promising
grateful for for the next couple of
games in the tournament but in the first
half as you said they created so many
chances
lingard on his own had four chances he
scooters shooter scored an awful and
hurricane as I said at halftime it's a
one guy you need to think they need to
fall for him if the chances Falls for
him they did and then he scores one of
the things though of course we've seen
in this World Cup are the the big guns
not quite doing it England did it they
laboured to a 2-1 win but they've got
three points on the board that cannot be
said for our Jen Tina it can't be said
for Brazil a lot of other teams so when
you put that into context it's a good
win it's a very good win because at the
end of the day it's all about getting
three points and setting yourself up in
the group so when you win the first
group game you have three points already
yeah which means when you play the next
game in this case England they play
Panama in the next game they play that
in each the Novgorod and then of course
I think they can beat pannabai on the
evidence of how Panama played today
England simply have to put everything
then there's not not a great team
absolutely not but it just sets you up
in a different way maybe Gareth
Southgate can play one or two other
players that wasn't working for him
today but if you if you imagine they
haven't won today and and this then
become a must-win game against Panama
then maybe he's not brave enough to do
these changes so now he has an
opportunity
you
