Donald Trump has called on staff at the
Washington Post to go on strike against
the newspapers billionaire owner Artie
Samira Khan reports from the US Capitol
well this is yet another dispute between
the Washington Post and its employees
but to remind the viewers the Washington
Post is owned by Jeff Bezos the founder
of Amazon and the richest man alive
according to Forbes he purchased the
paper back in 2013 for 250 million
dollars and the story Trump's referring
to started with the Washington Post
Union publicly calling on Bezos to
provide better working conditions and
better pay for their workers I'm
fighting for a decent raise because I
believe everyone who has contributed to
the post success deserves a Sheraton I'm
fighting for better retirement benefits
I'm fighting to retain some amount of
job security but this isn't the first
time Bezos has been publicly called out
for not providing suitable working
conditions when he visited Germany back
in April to actually receive an award
for business innovation and social
responsibility ironically he was met
with protests by local Amazon employees
now Bezos responded to the protest
saying quote I am very proud of our
working conditions and I'm very proud of
the wages that we pay claiming that his
companies pay much higher wages compared
to others but this petition signed by
400 Washington Post employees was
endorsed by the President of the United
States via Twitter of course now he
tweeted a Washington Post employees want
to go on strike because Bezos isn't
paying them enough I think a really long
strike would be a great idea employees
would get more money and we'd get rid of
fake news for an extended period of time
but for some quick background Trump has
publicly feuded with the Washington Post
whom he calls fake news for writing
negative stories about him but the
Washington Post Union didn't appreciate
Trump's support saying that it wasn't
helpful for their cause given that the
president's support is really just an
attempt to attack the paper and its
mission but the Washington Post Union
added that even though they're raising
concerns about workplace issues it
doesn't undermine their support for
Bezos and fellow journalists in their
fight to bring truth to light so
considering that they turned down such a
significant endorsement from the
President of the United States it
remains to be seen whether or not the
world's richest man will acquiesce to
their demands
