let's have a big group a can we we know
that Joe's a there was predicting that
Uruguay and Russia would get out of it
can we see it there it is Russia and
Uruguay they're in good position is
there on this almost there
Russian it's Russian it's a draw against
Egypt and then job done and angels a two
one two okay great B then let's go on to
group B Jose a said Spain and Portugal
and the table says I know it's only one
game so Iran Portugal but nothing to we
just meet you just need to be careful
when you play against Iran
you cannot lose against Iran because if
you're under six points its qualified
and one of the the big ones is out so I
think it's just not to lose against not
to lose against Iran and and win against
Morocco but obviously Portugal and Spain
they will try to win the next six points
finish both with seven and my prediction
was Spain to finish first in Portugal
finished second yeah which I think will
happen because I think Spain normally
can score more goals than us right okay
we're going good so far
grapesy let's have a look at that one
Jose I said France Australia the table
says France demo yeah but you saw how
after they lost yes
Australian losses not deserving to lose
in my opinion they lost but showing
clearly that they were competing for
points and if they compete that way
against France I still think they can do
obviously a better result against
Denmark against Peru so my prediction is
the looking video there okay great day
Argentina Nigeria
yeah in here I think I'm going to
Toulouse with Nigerian not just because
they lost the match but especially
because the way they lost I didn't like
at all when I look to paper I like many
of the players I like the names
I thought Nigerians typically strong
African country but I was disappointed
and when I see a play like John Obi
McHale to play has a tan it's impossible
to be good with McHale playing as a tan
because I think Nigeria lost a good 6 to
get a bad 10 and he gives no dynamic to
the to the team playing in in that
position so I believe that Croatia with
these three points is in a great
position to qualify ok that's fair
enough for Group A then there we had
Brazil and Switzerland let's move on to
create a youth here it is Serbia Brazil
survey did look good I didn't I
Sarah did look good III told him it'd be
in my predictions that I was not
thinking that Serbia was going home I
was wishing that Serbia was going home
which is a different thing because I
want I want my man to go on on a holiday
but I knew that they have so many good
players they are strong they're mature
they really want to do it I know many of
them I know the spirit I spoke many many
times with my teach about the feeling of
the Serbian players to go to the World
Cup and and they look really strong but
you could see that when Switzerland got
a point against Brazil obviously they
can get 3 against Costa Rica probably
they can get 1 against Serbia and then
if they go to 5 my prediction can still
can still go with Brazilians and
Switzerland but I
I have to confess I I want my plate to
go on okay but let's move on then great
F jos√©e said Germany and Mexico Germany
at the bottom of that group okay a long
way to go Germany I think is going to
qualify with six points and and Mexico
has a big chance now you qualify even
with five mm-hmm so if Mexico doesn't
lose against Sweden which is very
possible and doesn't lose against South
Korea which is very possible or lose one
between another one which is also normal
I think Mexico will qualify with five or
six points and I don't believe that we
are going to have a football scandal
with Germany going home so I think my
prediction will be correct sorry and
then the final two groups G and H of
course they haven't played their games
yet but in G you said England and
Belgium sticking with that I think is
absolutely Group H Senegal and Poland
well I went for Senegal because I like
African countries I would like an
African country to to go to go through
through which I I was thinking between
Nigeria and Senegal want to do it I
don't think Nigeria is going to do it
let's see
Senegal they have some some good players
they have players bringing in good
leagues so hopefully they can hopefully
they can do it finally JJ you've been
with a spot for five days it is your
last day today just tell us what have
been you your impressions of Moscow and
also the World Cup No
the the the atmosphere in the city
amazing and you know where we are
it was just in the most iconic place in
in the city where of everybody's coming
I can imagine 32 nationalities probably
even more on the streets that must be
fantastic that the city is beautiful the
weather is amazing our studio I have to
believe that is the best to do in in
every in every television present
amazing experience for me but now I need
a little bit of work I need a little bit
of coordinate but I will be back with
without t4 semifinals and final choice
it's been privileged with a committee
like am i really enjoyed it I enjoyed it
we wish you a safe journey thank you
you
