Russia's ambassador elsewhere to the UK
says there's no reason not to believe
the denials of the two men accused of
poisoning former spy Sergei script on
his daughter back in March they're also
denying being a part of any Russian
intelligence
let's get laced on this one inland
anaesthesia Churkin is in London tell us
a bit more exactly about what the
ambassador's say to the media earlier
well come in at a time that was
described as a very low point between
totten ties between Russia and the UK
following this whole script pal saga
indeed the Russian ambassador to the UK
has met with journalists to yet again
try to explain Russia's officials
position and basis for the reactions it
has had following the accusations made
against it at a time of what he dubbed
as an anti Russia campaign of the Tory
government now specifically on some of
the points that have been made by
Britain in terms of the accusations that
were made that the GRU of Russia was
behind this cripple poisoning the
Russian ambassador to the UK has had has
said that Russia has directly seen no
evidence whatsoever presented by British
officials to it directly that there have
been no transparency transparency or no
documents or papers that were made to be
available to Russia on this matter and
ambassador alexandria who Vanko said
that unlike sergei scruple Petrov and by
sheriff had at least come forward
publicly to try to present their case
unlike sergei scruple who has
essentially disappeared ever since March
4th and nobody seems to know where he is
let's take a listen there are no
official charges against them because
you know they didn't violate the Russian
law this is first there is no official
application from the British government
to investigate that matter we have the
official statement of these people and
we don't have any reasons not to trust
them
well on the latest allegations or
reports made here in the UK by the Belen
cat group the Russian ambassador
essentially said that the identity
identities that they said to have
revealed of GRU employees Michigan and
chapito as they were presented here in
the UK according to the Russian
ambassador those are creations of belem
cat and group that he described as one
with quote very close ties to British
security services and they said they're
essentially not to be believed because
he sees them as a tool of the deep
establishment in the West and he's also
reminded journalists here in Britain
that the government officials here in
Britain have not really commented on
anyway or refused to comment on the
Belling cat reports being made
describing them essentially as part of
the public debate and again he called on
the journalists here to remember really
that all of the leaks being made against
Russia Russia has had to respond to yet
no cooperation between official channels
has taken place as of yet all right
anastasiya thanks for telling us what
the Russian position still is on this
big story that rumbles on thanks for now
from London
you
