German Chancellor Angela Merkel is
facing one of the toughest test yet of
her leadership as a rift / refugee
policies threatens to derail her
coalition government the dispute has put
Merkel on a collision course with her
interior minister a key coalition figure
who's been quoted as saying he can no
longer work with her Merkel has been
heavily criticised for implementing an
open-door refugee policy which has seen
over a million people pouring into
Germany since the start of the migrant
crisis in 2015
she's faced tough opposition from within
her cabinet and a recent poll doesn't
bode well for the Chancellor either as a
growing number of Germans say they
oppose receiving more migrants 62% of
those surveyed agree with the interior
ministers plan to turn away undocumented
migrants at the border while nearly 90
percent say they want faster
deportations of rejected asylum seekers
we gauge reaction on the streets of
Berlin as I hope they find a way to
resolve this because it doesn't make any
sense the Interior Minister is trying to
surf the populist wave over the migrant
crisis but Angela Merkel's stance on
this issue has been very courageous and
she shouldn't back down now we could see
more elections so the coalition parties
need to find a way of preventing that
right now they are too far apart it's no
doubt that Osceola as Minister for the
Interior we pursue his ideas and his
proposals immediately we don't have
months or years to come to look for a
solution of this imminent crisis what
the situation with regard to angular
market is it's not a question of weeks
or months is a question of days or hours
how long she might be trans loves the
federal power
what she did in September 2015 in
opening up the drum and borders and
creating an influx of migrants this was
a situation which was unbelievable and
since then we have more than 2 million
people in the country and we don't know
who is in the country for hundreds of
thousands this is a blow towards the
internal order of the Federal Republic
and to European security as well
you
