Oh oh sorry I didn't mean to sexually
harass you
Netflix have reportedly introduced a
policy advising their employees not to
stare at each other for longer than five
seconds this has neither been confirmed
nor denied by the company but the
general idea is allegedly inspired by
the me to movement to avoid sexual
harassment in the workplace
according to Netflix employees quoted by
the press this five second staring ban
is part of a package of no lingering
hugs no asking for phone numbers and no
flirting we're proud of the anti
harassment training we offer to our
productions we want every Netflix
production to be a safe and respectful
working environment do you think about
when you think about the five-second
rule I have no idea what the five-second
rule well if you were to take a guess
what do you think it would be about I
can eat something after I fall after
after I drop it on the floor but only
before it's lays there for five seconds
we have a three-second rule in Norway so
we have to you have to have three
seconds between your car and the next
car in time yeah guys we're talking
today to people about Netflix no no but
yes okay so they have reportedly
introduced this new policy where they're
asking people who work with them to not
stare at each other for longer than five
seconds
to avoid sexual harassment really
ridiculous can't be dealing with it
nonsense
yeah we want to try it because it sounds
like it's a small amount of time but it
actually seems longer all right let's
give it a shot
seems ok let's start each other let's do
that then I've been there smiling again
you could do whatever you think well
sexual harassment it seems somewhat
counterproductive in every single way -
seems a bit stupid really just looking
at people isn't sexual harassment if you
and I work together we can't look at
each other for longer than 5 seconds
because then it Creed's like an
uncomfortable environment apparently the
way you're uncomfortable looking at me
I'm all right now I don't find out
comfortable best one I think that sounds
a little bit on that you can't have
corporation with anybody and then be
afraid of sexual harassment I mean that
would just be weird I think you're
stupid
how can people work together and not
look at each other
you
