hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
the Trump jugger knot continues on all
fronts as he remaking the Western world
or merely isolating the US also his
North Korea coming out of the cold and
much much more on this edition of
crosstalk
crosstalking an unstable world I'm
joined by my guest mark sloboda he's an
international affairs and security
analyst we also have Dimitri Babak he is
a political analyst with Sputnik
International and in Plymouth we cross
to Patrick Eddington he is a journalist
writer and founder of the news website
21st century wire.com alright gentlemen
crosstalk rules in effect that means he
can jump in any time you want and I
always appreciate it Patrick let me go
to you first in Plymouth so much to chew
on here reflect upon my introduction
omits Trump tried to recast the Western
world and maybe the whole world in its
entirety or is this really just
isolating the United States or a
combination of all of I what I've just
said go ahead Patrick and Plymouth yeah
this is this is the big challenge to
determine firstly what is US foreign
policy you know I think there's there's
been attendance there's a tendency by
academics and by some commentators to
try to look for breaking trends to try
to generalize everything into sort of
larger themes like is this a realist
revival of a realist foreign policy or
is this a continuation or a different
version of a liberal globalization based
foreign policy and I think it's really
difficult because if you look at history
the only consistency with a lot of US
foreign policy is its inconsistency so
you look at you see the hypocrisy at
every turn no matter how many
administration's you go back to but one
thing that is consistent is a kind of
post-world war two grand strategy and so
the United States as it's come out of
the Cold War period then entered a kind
of period where full spectrum dominance
was its main priority and I think to
some degree that is still where a lot of
Washington's thinking is directed
Pentagon led full spectrum dominance as
Thomas Barnett sort of you know laid out
during the Bush administration but in
terms of Donald Trump I think the United
States is at a very interesting
crossroads because this is the first
time where it's not expanding in 120
years internationally it's actually
having to reconsolidate its positions
not just at home but abroad as well I
think Donald Trump is the ideal chapter
eleven practitioner maybe for this point
in the US history that's really great
mark here I mean also everybody's
looking for these kind of short phrases
to describe what I came across one no
friends no enemies that would least work
in the case of dealing with the I guess
we can use the generic term disastrous
g7 meeting in Canada and no enemies are
dealing with North Korea at least at the
time for the time being as some kind of
partner legitimate partner
no friends no enemies yeah I don't think
that there is a coherent Trump foreign
policy and I don't think that's a
surprise us because it's quite clear
that Trump doesn't have complete control
of u.s. foreign policy
Congress has multiple times attempted to
usurp that right pushing him passing
legislation forcing him to put new
sanctions on Russia now they're putting
forward a bill trying to forbid the
president the commander-in-chief from
withdrawing troops from South Korea
without receiving the approval of the
Secretary of Defense that's that that's
fast we also have members of Congress
petitioning the Pentagon not to sell jet
fighters the f-35 s to Turkey right now
to a NATO ally and they're also
threatening against India but the one
thing that Congress doesn't seem to want
to reclaim is their actual Constitution
given power
they're very really clear they're very
choosy they really cherry-pick dema well
I agree with Peter that the big question
is are always seeing the continuation of
the same so-called liberal or ultra
liberal world order being built or
obviously seen something else well I
think that Trump is actually less
dangerous than their you know the people
who were building that so-called World
Order during the last 25 years because
if we compare the war to an apartment
book you know what these people want is
to demolish it completely build a new
one Russia and China as the biggest
tenants right now are voicing their
objection
their doubts the usual responses just
don't worry you will be better off we'll
give you new apartments right and and
Trump is just I'm sorry very you know
openly crushing the walls around himself
real-estate agent plan he's just simply
in you know expanding you know Patrick
let me go back to you in because I think
what's really interesting here is that
the United States still wants to lead
okay it still wants to be dominant but
it's it's not doing it with its allies
because it's easy its allies as being a
dead weight okay I mean they don't pay
their own way they get preferential
trade deals so these this is what makes
Trump a bit different he still wants to
be win and be number one he just doesn't
really care he doesn't want to carry the
load for the entire Western world
anymore because he doesn't see it as
being cost effective again he's a real
estate agent Patrick and Plymouth sure
that this is the transactional nature of
this administration that you see this
reflected through through the White
House you see it especially through
nikki Haley although she's taking her
wrecking ball towards multilateral
institutions like the United Nations and
other sort of international institutions
and Donald Trump is sort of taking the
wrecking ball maybe towards NATO you
could say and and in some ways the
European Union but I think you got two
different sides of foreign policy or you
need to separate Europe and what's going
in that hemisphere and all the legacy
post-world War two legacy there with
Asia and Donald Trump is much more
comfortable in Asia and he's doing
exactly the opposite of what the
previous administration did which was
lead from behind this is a president now
that doesn't want to be upstaged by his
Secretary of State he's actually taking
the lead he's interfacing directly with
some of the most powerful leaders in
that region and I think he's more
comfortable in that environment that's
where the money is this is where the
future is
Asia is forward-looking and certainly on
the cusp of the the global economic
surge in that part of the world so this
is definitely much more of a comfort
zone for this present but in Europe it's
much more problematic Patrick litical
issues I mean I mentioned the g7 I mean
and this is some kind of my mentor my
hobbyhorse here is that Trump is he's
not in tune with the postmodernist order
of things than host modern mind think
okay let mindset and that's that's the
g7 okay in particularly Europe he he
doesn't see eye to eye with McCrone with
Trudeau with people like that because it
he just has a very different
understanding of everyday politics he's
not a theoretician okay he doesn't have
a theory he's a practitioner let me go
to mark here on that yeah he's not a
liberal it up and and Patrick thank you
my brain is now imprinted with an image
of nikki Haley as Miley Cyrus driving a
wrecking ball into the United Nations so
here's the problem even it's it's a
divide between not only the u.s. deep
state and the Trump administration but
between Trump and people within his own
administration like Mad Dog Madison and
and so on
they still want to pursue American
hegemony and there's no way America has
given up on the pursuit of global
military financial and other means of
hegemony around the world Trump does see
that as wasteful
I've seen a characterization that he
loathes the liberal international order
that has been created
well since the establishment of Bretton
Woods through the unipolar moment and so
on because he does see it as not as
damaging the US as transferring wealth
and the US over playing the role of
defense when it doesn't need to around
the world he sees ostensibly u.s. allies
like the EU as rivals as economic rivals
because he's a businessman and that's
the way that he views the world on
business terms and he sees ins and outs
at an imbalance particularly with Europe
and he faults Europe as having worse
trade policies for the US than China
Jeffrey Goldberg in the Atlantic this
week did it in an article he's he's
famous for giving this softball
interview he's no no
apologist where Obama told him that his
foreign policy was oh it was simply
don't do stupid stuff stuff
yes well Jeffrey Goldberg got three
different characterizations supposedly
from three different anonymous officials
within the Trump administration of how
to define a trump foreign policy the
first one was this no friends no enemies
which is a very realistic torrid ation
unfortunately Trump if he wanted to
pursue that I don't think he's had the
ability to pursue that as much as he
would like what one of the second ones I
think will feed a lot of conspiracy
theories that may not be conspiracy
theories anymore that permanent
destabilization creates American
advantage while that that sums up
American foreign policy and military
policy and what they've done in the
Middle East the support of well
terrorists you know in Libya and Syria
and so on and and the last one it sums
it up as far as the Liberals are
concerned were America BITC think of
Breaking Bad everybody also you could
say in it kind of is a extra layer from
what we've heard from Patrick and from
Mark is that Trump is determined to undo
everything Barack Obama did okay
everything well in a strange way yes and
interestingly Trump not understanding
actually all the terrible things that
Barack Obama did suddenly summed it up
wonderful you know recently he said that
it was thanks to Obama that Crimea
became Russian he obviously meant that
Obama was weak was soft no I around yes
supported the coup in Ukraine without
which Crimea would never never have gone
back to Russia people would never be
pushed to vote for that at a referendum
for going back to Russia so just you
know unintentionally Trump told the
truth and if we compare Trump and the
so-called liberals in the US
administration Trump is more peaceful
let me give you a
you've got 20 seconds it's just the
headline from the nation the media
response to the meeting Kim jong-un had
with Trump betrays a cynical attitude to
South Korea's security basically the
media response was Trump made
concessions he gave up on the exercises
he's betraying the United say that he's
the face if I were here to defend him
that's part of our to the deal gentlemen
I'm gonna jump in here we're gonna go to
a short break and after that short break
we'll continue our discussion on some
real news stay with our team welcome
back to crosstalk where all things are
considered on Peter Lavelle's remind you
were discussing some real news
okay gentlemen let's change gears let me
go back to Patrick in Plymouth there's a
whispers and talk in rumors that we
could possibly see a Trump Putin summit
one on one in Europe surrounding the
meeting the annual meeting of the NATO
alliance here should the two meet
Patrick go well the receive logic would
say no that would be the equivalent of
an apocalypse for the resistance in the
United States could short-circuit CNN
altogether Rachel Maddow start being
paid a half a million dollars per
program okay go ahead keep going spring
the trap is the advice I would give to
the president because he's going off of
a well successful meeting with Kim
jong-un and Singapore and with this
president there are no risks really
internationally because you know
anything he does is going to be attacked
and put down by the opposition in the
United States and but not but but not by
the international media so maybe there's
an opportunity for this president to
maybe in the way that Ronald Reagan
jumped over the media to the domestic
population in the 80s that Trump could
connect with a portion of the
international community globally by
doing positive things internationally
certainly there's no risk there's a lot
of rewards however in terms of legacy in
terms of the 2020 elections so is the
Russia Gate burns out and fizzles out
people are gonna be looking at results
they're going to be looking at
deliverables and certainly good
relations with Asia and Russia's that's
a good point
results mark see that's what that's what
I have in the back of my mind would
there be any results other than a
photo-op yeah there was just like there
wasn't really any results in North Korea
other than a photo-op I mean the real
summits should take place after the
details are hashed out by policy wonks
compromises are made and then the
principles are brought in to sign on
this is a photo-op in political theater
first and it
it's useful because it buys the us off
while North Korea and South Korea
continue the real work of making a deal
of a peace deal and a denuclearization
deal what Trump signed with Kim jong-un
it was not anywhere near a deal for
denuclearization in fact former US
presidents have signed far more detailed
deals you know actual you know legal
contracts for denuclearization with
North Korea and they've all come to
naught I mean we have to think that you
know George Bill Clinton George Bush the
senior signed a deal for
denuclearization with North Korea that
Bill Clinton ripped up and then in
Clinton by the sign to deal with but
let's be fair I mean it makes I don't
want to give the impression here this
was all the North Koreans fault under
the bush senior it was Congress that was
unwilling to fund the the the deal okay
they pulled out from it and then you
have the axis of evil under under Bush
jr. so I you know that they failed for
multiple reasons and and and there there
is evidence there was a lack of good
faith also on the North Korean property
let's make sure the blame is this was
not a deal this was an aspirational
declaration look at the language did the
singapore the singapore promote work
towards right these are not the language
this is it deals again i want to get
back to korea i'm gonna have but I want
to ask Dima here should Putin and Trump
meet well I think if they meet the
results will not be very impressive
because I think the momentum has been
lost
don't you think Trump wants to do it
just to stick his thumb into the into
this is why Democrats exactly other than
a PR opportunity for Trump it's not
going to be much more because Trump is
already surrounded by the people like
John Bolton like Mike Pompeo I just
can't imagine any real result coming
from such a summit I think that the time
has been lost
you know if Trump had met Putin in the
beginning of 2017
right after he gave all this
promises during his campaign you know
that he would improve relations with
Russia well he would face tremendous
opposition from the CN n CN would be
short-circuiting like everyday but there
would be an opportunity to do something
now I think time has been lost it's too
late I tend to would say to put it on
check here yeah Patrick I want to go
back to North Korea here I mean I think
we all agree and I think mark put it
perfectly it's aspirational at this
point but there is something different
here is that Donald Trump he's he's now
it's it's on him it's his okay and he
wants to win this okay the in perception
is everything in his mind here that's
why I tend to think this this process
has legs probably most importantly is if
the us meaning the people surround
Donald Trump let the Koreans do the hard
work and in fact if they can do that and
have some kind of breakthrough something
could come about though it's not going
to be the 100% that the the Pompeo is in
and the Bolton's want but it will be
what the Koreans want and I think that
Trump could agree to that go ahead
Patrick no absolutely and I'll agree
with Mark on on that point about letting
South Korea and North Korea get on with
the business of what they need to do and
certainly that's that's one of the
things that will definitely come out of
this that's kind of an overarching theme
as soon as soon as Donald Trump sort of
canceled a meeting then you see Kim off
to Beijing
you see closer ties and communications
between Pyongyang and Beijing so as you
agent powers can get together they can
have you know multilateral discussions
without the United States mediating on
it and I think this is a theme you're
gonna see all around the world as the
United States is no longer perceived as
a kind of honest broker for
international disputes so people are
getting on with the business themselves
but what's what's really important is
that in Asia appearances mean everything
so this image of North and South Korea
walking over the line holding hands
together both presidents Donald Trump
saluting North Korean General you you
you juxtapose that with Obama bowing to
a Saudi King so you know this is a very
different sort of
optics we're looking at here but it
means something to Asian people that's
what's important and so they they fully
expect that Donald Trump will not renege
on any movement forward on these deals
so it's a very different kind of
expectation than you've seen Europe so
Asia and Europe two totally different
cases in terms of how optics is received
in the public you know you know market
mean we have this and we could do a
program every week on the impending
trade war or the ongoing trade war
what is Trump signaling here I mean he
is playing really hard ball when it
comes to these these tariffs issues is
that is is the signal he's sending to
everyone around the world is it he's
serious he's drawn a line in the sand
and we can work on these other things
but this is actually kind of a weird
global confidence-building exercise that
he's conducting right now as much as it
is unpleasant for America's trading
partners yeah I mean we've we've got
headlines in here we've got foreign
policy the West will die so that Trump
can win vibe and steal we've got some
apocalyptic everything in the New York
Times Cory shocky from the International
Institute of Strategic Studies the Trump
doctrine is winning in the world is
losing all right Trump I think really is
trying to get out from underneath his
handlers and rip the liberal
international order up he sees himself
whether it's true or not I don't think
so but he sees himself as this
incredible deal maker the art of the
deal and he sees the u.s. getting the
you know the wrong end for for decades
now and he wants to rip up and
renegotiate deals he wants to rip up
NAFTA completely Canada is actually the
biggest target of his terrorist jump or
poor little poor little Jordan Trudeau
is getting hit with 12 billion dollars
right the EU another eight billion China
only three billion but he's trying to
rip this order up and renegotiate a deal
that he sees would be in the US as favor
and this is why it
you know his turning away from this
traditional US allies Canada the EU has
got you know the deep state in the u.s.
petrified even as he reaches out to some
would that have traditionally been you
know us adversaries worth we're thinking
of North Korea of China of Russia and
and said well I'm a businessman we can
do business the transaction its
transactional it's not again the
ideology you know the way you know the
way Trump has been treated in the
Europeans it's kind of akin to you know
parents having 40 year old children
still living at home it's time to move
on okay so you you've got an education
you're smart you you're wealthy now you
have to start upkeep of the house okay
at least the house you're living in so
it's time to move out and get on with
your lives there was a very good
argument in in The Guardian surprising
surprising about about Trump's treatment
of NAFTA that NAFTA is you know the the
Canadians view NAFTA as if it is forever
you know and Trump insisted should be
expiring in five years and then new
terms should be negotiated that was by
George Monbiot not unless Trump Donald
Trump was right the rest of the g7 was
wrong and that's in The Guardian so
something is really changing in the
world right now but I think Stephin
quote can in the foreign affairs he
published an article called the realist
world but he actually admits that most
of the people in the United States the
so-called provincials have been left out
you know globalization has been in
reaching big companies big urban centers
well code can amidst the fact that China
had the same problem of big Chinese
companies were more eager to invest in
Africa or in Latin America than in
mainland China so basically he is not
admitting the fact that this was all
about greedy capitalism just destroying
sometimes I thought it it's all about
democracy diamond but Marx made one
mistake Marx said that just one mistake
voters have no model and I think workers
have a model and capital has no mother
capital just moves around we agree on
that last word mark before we go yeah
this the big thing is this the pundits
were furious with Donald Trump for
sitting down they were furious for some
reason that the American flag was flown
X to the north Cruz like Trump is
meeting with a brutal dictator u.s.
leaders meet with brutal assault another
problem with with Obama and Hillary
Clinton with Mohammed bin Salman and the
Saudi flag so what's the deal here it's
pure partisanship it's a political
theater the ones that were really denied
in all of this were the South Koreans
they were treated like children and all
of this and and the the argument was all
Trump is good is abrogating our security
guarantees to South Korea South Koreans
don't want that moon jaein is in support
of this meeting with Trump and N and he
was generously rewarded in election
today after 81% of South Koreans
supported this summit okay eighty-eight
percent supportive of that no gentlemen
this is the end of our broadcast version
many thanks to my guests here in Moscow
and in Plymouth this is the end of our
broadcast segment stay with us for the
extended version on our youtube channel
see you next time and remember cross
gules
now for the extended version of our
program we have political potpourri okay
let me go back to Plymouth Patrick
what's on your mind well that's I
thought it's really important to point
out the recent Inspector General report
yeah
which it seems to be what the the White
House has been looking for and they can
use this as either a battering ram or a
shield but it's certainly one of the
first breaks I think that the Trump
administration has got in the whole
Russia gate fiasco but one thing is I
would point out that let's not forget
you know James Comey is yeah former FBI
director he's he's essentially and he's
been an elite fixer for most of his
career and so if you look at you know
his tenure right through the government
then into HSBC and then back into
government again he's always kind of
been there in the shadows with the kind
of invisible hand behind the Clinton
syndicate let's say and so this is kind
of interesting Comey McCabe Rosenstein
to a lesser degree but this is kind of
exposed an inherent corruption within
the FBI and I think this is a potential
turning point in the Russia Gate
narrative which has been losing steam
for months now yeah so a little bit of
an opportunity for momentum for for this
White House so that's something to
consider well let me get a mark on the
IG report I mean from what I read of it
number one if there was any real serious
meddling in the 2016 election it was
that the upper echelon of the FBI that
seemed quite obvious to me also it seems
quite obvious to me is that they're
sloppy and they're incompetent I mean
it's scary when they're doing this but
their incompetence is what stands out
mark yeah it's important to note that
this Inspector General report is not
about the Mueller investigation of Trump
it's about Hillary Clinton's email
server scandal and and and it identified
actually they they're now the the
liberal media is even forced to admit
that Trump actually had good reasons to
fire Comey that he did a lot of things
wrong that he had violated a lot of
procedure
and there was they the report says there
was the appearance of political bias oh
come on come on stop Trump right I mean
this is - FBI let me tell you tell you
when I saw the snippets of christopher
ray the head of the FBI now that's the
demon it reminded me of Comey so taking
the the press corps the press are saying
leaving all showing all the sins and
mistakes that Hillary Clinton made but
no reasonable prosecutor would take it
was a flash from the past year I mean I
found that truly extraordinary they did
it to us twice okay and different
administration's again just like with
Crimea Trump is right for a one for a
wrong reason I mean and the reason why
the Republicans love this report by
inspector general is because they feel
like Kobe left hillary off the hook too
easily right but actually you know this
is the truth this is the truth and that
inspector general sort of unmasks the
whole story behind this behind this
fighting around Hillary Clinton and I
kind of agree with the conclusion that
now no one will dispute the fact that
the FBI played a role in 2016 election
that's a conclusion made by Peter Van
borin in in America but it does have
major implications because so many of
the same figure that's exactly what I
was gonna say but Patrick exactly right
mark is exactly right because we're
gonna see the same faces and names all
over again because they were involved in
the the Hillary coverup and digging for
dirt on on Trump here the same cast of
characters and Peter struck still works
there amazing magic so that brings us
back to the you know the original Nunez
memo everything in there is factually
correct you know Christopher Steele
working ostensibly as an informant for
the FBI and he's the you know co-author
or the coordinator of this dodgy
see a so you know and but back to the
report maybe you can't say prove let's
say forensic ly that there's any
political bias in terms of partisan bias
but I think you can show that there is a
different kind of bias which is a deep
state bias and this is something that's
not so difficult so easy to put your
finger on is maybe a democrat or
republican bias but there is a deep
state bias and there is people are
coming to the realization that there are
operators in the civil service there
that transcend administrations and even
overt political agendas and there is a
deep state and it is controlling and it
is doing damage to the democratic system
this this whole Russia gate thing has
done more damage to democracy in the
same way that blaming Russia for brexit
does damage to democracy Britain because
they're robbing the voters of their
their disenfranchising people who went
out and voted they're basically saying
well meant nothing
that's Patrick's right but you know
their position is the people voted the
wrong way and this is their punishment
Dima go ahead well I see the same
pattern in their migration story which
is now rocking the German government it
looks like the government collapse it
might not stand well I mean they are
just discussing details like whether
Germany should turn back the refugees
who had been registered in other EU
member countries no one is asking the
question why did the youth support all
of these revolutions in Libya in Egypt
in Syria which produce these refugees
let me just remind you that general
Breedlove accused Russia and asset of
weaponizing migration well give me a
break
who made you know the beam of sticking
the stick between the bicycle spokes so
that you trip over your own bike and
then blame somebody else right and no
one is asking the question why why did
it all happen
why was the EU behind all of these
upheavals which basically produced the
probably answer questions Dima yes if
you ask questions it means you're not on
board and somehow you must be wrong but
let me just remind people you know
angular America is now posing as some
kind of you
you know let all the refugees in she in
2003 she basically said that Germany
should be with the United States when
the United States attacked Iraq but she
didn't say we should participate in the
war she was not that direct but the
United States attacks another country
the leader of the biggest opposition
party in Germany is saying we should be
with the United States what is it if not
support for war she supported the war in
Iraq she supported the actions in Libya
and in Syria and now she's that
benevolent European lady with open
rapidly running on a time in our
extended version here Patrick let me go
back to you and Plymouth a for me it's
something that I feel it's necessary to
do every week you even if it's in the
extended version of the program is that
this benign neglect of what's going on
in in Yemen this is catastrophic it is
the worst human rights catastrophe in
the world right now but you wouldn't
know that watching the UN that says it's
the worst Human Rights go ahead to
address because I think it's absolutely
shameful what's going on right here and
everyone is culpable if they don't
recognize it go ahead there's been a
delayed reaction with Yemen and I think
the the pro the pro war left in in
Western Europe and North America they're
a bit slow to the punch on Yemen but
there it seems safe now because there's
enough distance in the rearview mirror
from the Obama administration who
launched that a prosecutable war had
started in March of 2015 and so now it
seemed to be sort of safe and possibly
we could start blaming a bit of this on
Trump perhaps bring in some anti neocon
rhetoric as well and then sort of attack
it from this angle but you know it's too
little too late the this this should
have been pounced on this is the
ultimate violation of this is an
undeclared war of aggression this is
what the the UN was founded to prevent
right this very situation but there's
because there's no evil dictator in
Yemen the Liberals what you got here if
it's all a proxy war it's all a proxy
war Iran is behind it it's all nonsense
there is an evil dictator in Yemen
except he was kicked out by the Yemeni
people and he's supported by the
invading Saudi for
right yeah there's the UN the Saudi and
UAE forces which are basically X Western
mercenaries backed up by as long as
gangs are attacking the port city of
hidaya
and this city is the lifeline Yemen
imported 90% of its food before this
crisis began the UN says that eight
million people are an immediate risk of
death by starvation and if this port
falls another 10 million that's 18 out
of 20 6 million Yemenis face death by
starvation and the Saudi Arabia backed
by the United Arab Emirates backed by
the US and the UK quite obviously giving
a green light are threatening to commit
an act of genocide in this invasion here
it is it is a complete and unconsciously
block UN resolution to the Security
Council
okay the last word well I think that
basically I just love this quote from
mr. Kotian whose article I quoted today
he said that China's revival could not
have occurred without the provision of
security by the United States well
something is telling me China would have
done nicely without the war in Iraq
without the war in Syria without the war
in Libya now without this whole thing in
Yemen but we keep hearing that the
United States is indispensable and of
course Obama did not make any mistakes
in 2015 when he's supported basically
the attack against Yemen well Donald
Trump believes on that but in a very
very different way gentlemen okay that's
all the time we have for our extended
version of our program we hope you've
enjoyed it we'll see you next week and
remember crosstalk rules
