it was a really interesting game of
football the the world champions they
haven't turned up yet let me say you put
it that way
I thought Mexico were fantastic they
play faint right so quickly did it make
cause Germany all sorts of problems they
for sure found a way to play against
Germany they defended the I won't CD
burn the last 20 minutes here's a bit
desperate and they defended deep but
what they did was it played them so well
that really read where all the
weaknesses were and and in behind Kim
it's the right foot back there's a lot
of space and that was exploited and that
went then that led up to the gold as
well so actually typifies how they play
didn't it all the way through the match
pretty much let's have a look at that
goal and I think we can run it
I just talked us through it sir things
well I mean this this ball and we see
the bit late here but but just just to
pay attention to this herb in Liz Lozano
22 years of age he's had a sensational
season with PSV Eindhoven scoring 17
goals in his first season in Europe he
is tipped by many people to be a World
Cup star and in his first game scoring
this goal but he was exploiting
Germany's bad defense that they defend
the incredibly but i mean i i've never
seen germany play it was all of them
problem and why was that such a problem
having a quick winger like that on the
left
why was he causing so many problems for
germany germany had a lot of the ball
they lacked so much imagination but as
soon as they lost the ball
the midfield were players like well they
didn't take part in in in there in
defending in the transition and the
counter attacking from from mexico and
we had so many examples and i'm it's
it's such a shame that i can't pick a
clip out and show to you guys but it was
just static just stood there and the big
debate in in german germany before this
game was is grundig I'm playing or his
Ursel playing and most of the people in
Germany wondered gun the gun to play and
for me I cannot understand why that
substitution wasn't made maybe your
camera have wanted a stronger argument
yeah the saying well he gave you the
opportunity he didn't play well I have
no idea about that but he was a massive
problem today
when he's on the page he needs to create
stuff for himself or for chances for for
other players and he did nothing that's
all all game now I know we're sort of
dissing Germany here but it was plenty
of effort in the second half wasn't it I
mean they were throwing everything as
much as they could anyway today this
evening Mexico we can have a look at a
couple of chances to and there were some
great defending from Mexico I thought
also Mexico did well they deserve to win
this no there's no doubt about that they
defended really well and I'll show her
in the goal you know whenever he was
needed he was making those saves but he
was also solid so he came for cross just
came for the deep pass you know made
sure that he was supporting the defense
and helping them out and the last 20 min
it was desperate defending I have to say
that but they stood up to it and they I
think they deserved in and actually this
this was a one nil win this could have
been two and three and four now that's a
number of chances that Mexico had with
that counter-attacks but they weren't
effective enough but they could have
scored more goals
you
