I am Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report someplace special someplace
there's someplace exciting where are we
Stacy we are in Dublin at money comp and
I think that's enough advertisement for
them so I'm gonna ask you to put that
right over that money comp all right
this is exciting this is homemade stuff
here very talented on the Kaiser Kaiser
come Francis Kaiser arms because all
about money I have chosen some headlines
with money as a top pick for this first
episode from money column that's great
yes you know while we've been here not
only have there been summits in
Singapore but there was also that g7
meeting in Canada where Justin Trudeau's
eyebrow eyebrow fell right off Justin
Trudeau just like it was the fellow in
America Ron Paul his Merkin his eyebrow
Merkin fell right off yes but over in
Switzerland as well they had one of
their referendums you know how if you
get a hundred thousand people to sign a
document you could ever referendum on
anything well they had a referendum
called the Volga
so the tweet from wall street journal'
Reis whisp owners rejected the Volga
initiative which would have put the
Swiss National Bank in charge of all
money creation appending the banking
system so it would have ended basically
fractional reserve banking it was
something like 70% voted against this so
it did not succeed at all but we're
gonna talk a little bit more about this
well it's interesting that they would
even consider this that they understand
that the central bank of switzerland is
acting as malevolent undercutting
commercial banks that they they said the
commercial banks should not be able to
print money by issuing loans they create
money so they wanted to take that power
away from them that that commercial
banks like JP Morgan deutsche bank
Goldman Sachs that they could not create
money they could only lend against their
reserves 100% reserves that only the
Central Bank of Switzerland was going to
be allowed to print money that just like
in the case of America it would be the
US Federal Way
serve would be allowed to create money
or the Treasury Treasury yeah exactly
so what they voted it down but they're
aware of it they're aware of them the
effects of fractional-reserve that money
is created by loaning it into existence
that there's no there's no collateral
banks have no reserves against loans
they they loan not more than a hundred
percent of reserves a three hundred
percent of reserve in case of deutsche
bank they've loaned an infinite amount
against non-existent reserves it's it's
not there's nothing in joins you bank
except maybe some old gum wrappers
there's nothing there to collateralize
this 190 trillion Ponzi scheme of
derivatives at deutsche bank that's why
it's going to go out of business but
nevertheless I want to turn to this
other article and it's Martin wolf one
of the chief opinion makers at the
Financial Times wrote a piece an opinion
piece saying that the Swiss should have
backed this that they should take the
power to create money away from
commercial banks because commercial
banks have proven themselves to be not
good at doing what they're supposed to
do now I'm only gonna read a an opinion
piece about Martin Wolf's opinion piece
because the Financial Times is behind a
paywall
and I guess they want to make money off
of the Financial Times I don't want to
give them the money so I'm gonna read
this headline here Martin wolf says
Swiss should vote for Vogel Switzerland
is toying with the idea of removing the
ability of banks to increase money
supply in a vote on sovereign money or
vole guilt
the question will be put to a referendum
on June 10th and as I said they voted
against it max but Martin wolf at the FT
is with out with an endorsement today on
curious terms saying that finance needs
to change and experiments he says banks
have lost the right to be arbiters of
money quote the advantage of the Vulgate
proposal is that it is a credible
experiment in the direction of
separating the safety rightly demanded
of money from the risk bearing expected
of private banks with money
unambiguously safe it would be far
easier to let risk-taking institutions
bear the full consequences of their
failure right well in America there was
the glass-steagall Act
was came in after the crash of 1929 and
the resulting in the depression and the
Securities Act of 33 and 34 and were
introduced and glass-steagall introduced
two separate banks activity as guardians
of people's wealth yes and their closets
their deposits from their speculative
behavior as merchant banking and under
speculative behavior so they had to
separate these two but then that was all
under Clinton Bill Clinton you know got
rid of glass-steagall and the banks have
gone back into this framework of using
your deposits as their risk capital and
whenever they make a bad loan they get
bailed out by the state so we saw this
in the savings and loan crisis we saw
this in a subprime crisis it's just
bank's gaming the system banking gaming
now Martin wolf he's an establishment
player so it's interesting that he would
make the suggestion that the Swiss
banking system should embrace this non
fractional reserve a wholly back reserve
banking I mean if you apply that to the
banks in the UK Lloyd's HSBC Barclays a
Royal Bank of Scotland solvency because
they have no assets yeah I mean you've
actually been on stage here in Ireland
with Martin wolf and he wasn't this
radical back then but he's also
suggesting that citizens should be
allowed to put their own deposits at the
central bank just like banks can and
that's how they're able to just spend
money because they're able to borrow
from the central bank at 0% and then
lend to you at like 10 why is he making
this converging convergence why is he
coming to Damascus why is he coming to
the Holy Land
because he's being pressured by Bitcoin
yes what we're gonna get to that in a
second but I want to finish up on this
Martin wolf story because the fact is
when set when banks are lending money
and creating money in the UK I knew for
a fact that 85% of all their loans are
against mortgages against properties so
think about the destabilization in our
Western economies in America San
Francisco Los Angeles New York are the
homeless problem Portland Seattle it's
all lend its on property bubbles backed
by these banks lending money against
that and of course with as its they
generate more and more and more and more
profit for themselves because they can
convey could basically created a Ponzi
scheme against which they're guaranteed
to make money but it's causing
destabilization across you know all
these cities in America and and in
Europe right the the property's used as
collateral and they lend against
property and what happens prices are
artificially pumped up and jacked up and
so people can't afford housing the way
to fix the housing problem in the UK is
to take away this fractional reserve
banking as property so that prices would
come down to the level that is
traditionally affordable by the average
person in Britain exactly if they were
lending and actually creating an economy
helping everybody that's what they
originally were meant to do is lend to
perhaps risky companies new startups or
companies or businesses to grow the
economy that would be one thing but the
fact is they're just lending it all to a
completely speculative venture which is
property and yet it's causing the
economy to worsen
because they they're also locking people
out from you know being able to move to
new cities for new jobs because property
is so expensive but they're not lending
to companies they're not lending to
small businesses in fact RBS has done
the opposite they smashed and grabbed
assets using their ability to create
money issue these loans that's why the
UK economy is so vulnerable it's a bit
of a monoculture
there's only property speculation I know
from starting companies in the UK my
employees were only interested in
speculating in the property market the
idea of having a startup where the stock
price goes up and you create a
technology company was completely alien
to them well you mentioned Bitcoin and
Bitcoin was a big topic here at money
camp of course we we've been speaking
here for quite a few years and now
they're introducing crypto cough all of
these events that have a talk about
money and banking they're all having to
introduce they're being forced by
Bitcoin to recognize
and start talking about it and what is
this so money comp has of crypto comp
here and this is here but this was an
interesting story as well in the
headlines while we've been here and this
is from the CEO of Lazard and if you
don't know who Lazard are they're
probably the most powerful bank in the
world behind the scenes they are not
like you're not going to go is not a
high street bank you're not going to go
deposit your funds there but they are
very very powerful in terms of how they
can control the total banking system the
Bank of International Settlements and
governments so here is the CEO of lizard
bank and he says you can imagine crypto
replacing the US dollar quote us
isolationism could undermine the dollar
status as the world's reserve currency
Lazard chief executive officer Ken
Jacobs said to the extent that we have
unilateral foreign policy and unilateral
trade policy were sort of tempting the
world to find an alternative he said in
a Bloomberg television interview
probably the greatest demonstration of
soft power is the fact that the US has a
reserve currency of the world
so he says Bitcoin could replace the US
dollar well we're right on track from
what we predicted on this show five
years ago that at some point the various
nation states would have to give up and
realize that their fiat money currency
systems from central bank's don't work
even Martin wolf who is one of the most
blue-blooded establishment hacks of the
Financial Times is now essentially
espousing Pitt coin and full reserve
banking over fractional reserves
skullduggery and property market Ponzi
schemes in the UK that's quite a
turnaround yeah the fact that lazar bank
is also saying this and they're the most
establishment bank French bank and well
you know Felix Ratan which was their CEO
back in the 70s and 80s they
orchestrated the municipal Assistance
corporation or Mac bond turnaround from
New York City they're the go-to advisors
for the insiders of these various nation
states and they have a great reputation
and they are see the writing on the wall
they realize that bitcoin is about to
kill all fiat currencies deader than a
bag of hammers but you and I have also
said here on Kai's report you heard this
year first we did say on Kai's report
years ago that when you the u.s. started
using unilateral power the fact that
we're
unipolar world led by the US as an
empire they do they do have a lot of
power but they don't because as soon as
they use their unilateral power
alternative spring up when they start
imposing restrictions on people access
in the global financial system through
Swift for example we said bitcoin is
going to be used as an alternative or
gold or something like that so this is
what we're seeing with statements like
this coming from Lazar Bank it's not
like it's coming from RBS what which has
no power on the world stage Lazar does
there's two mutually exclusive
pieces to the puzzle if you make America
great again you lose US dollars world
reserve currency those two are mutually
exclusive well notice he didn't say that
the euro would replace it he says
Bitcoin nobody but nobody wants it we
may be good to have a neutral platform
like Bitcoin let me start give me the
Special Drawing rights from the IMF
that's Jim cramp Jim Rickards Jim
Rickards
he's wrong it's gonna be a Bitcoin hey
we got to take a break here at Kaiser
report on coming to you a special report
don't go away there's plenty more coming
your way I think we're gonna talk to
tone bass that's right
stay there
welcome back to the cars report I'm Max
Keiser I'm here with Tom based on
welcome back hey max thanks I'll be back
you know I just want to make one quick
comment I am wearing the exact same
outfit including this leg then award
Charlie Shrem and Courtney's wedding oh
wow okay I was in my closet looking for
something to bring the money conference
money coffe and I hadn't worn this since
then I thought why not wear the shrim
wedding outfit you know I'm saying ya
know very good choice all right I have
to dress up - just got off stage here at
the money conference you looking sharp
thank you get a money comp it's a bit
let me get your reaction to this it
seems a bit corporate if you know what I
mean so it's first of all it's like
ripped out its money and it's like
there's a lot of corporate vibe here
it's different than the usual crypto
conferences that we go to Tom that's
true and actually like I feels like half
the people I speak to are in the KYC
business right know your customer which
is a huge trend now in crypto and
especially for ICS that were launched
last year they're not being revisited
and they're being asked to provide kyc
know your customer rules and regulations
the regulators are coming into the space
in a big way tone is that a surprise
what do you think it's not a surprise at
all to me I've always saw all of these
icos going back to aetherium zai CEO as
securities and it was kind of good that
J Clayton finally made it somewhat clear
in a recent interview when he said if
your token was created by an enterprise
which almost all of these are and if
anyone is buying this token with an
expectation of profit then you're in
violation of the Howey test and you are
a security and if you are an IC o---- in
a space you should probably be a little
bit nervous right now
yeah J Clayton he made an interesting
statement or E is basically conflating
IPO with ICO he's saying if you're
interested in doing
Nico and as a private placement do a
private placement but if you're
interested in doing an IC o---- or an
IPO with its outside of a private
placement come see us at the SEC so he's
not
there's not even
cigarette paper between IPO and ICF the
industry expectations if you talk to the
crypto people were that we're
reinventing IPOs the rules don't apply
to us what I will say however it's a
little bit disingenuous in that a lot of
them tried to go to the SEC a while ago
and the SEC kind of wanted nothing to do
with it
so they are late and unfortunately they
are a big arm of the US government and
even though that they are late they can
still get you they're still gonna say
was your fault yeah Bernie Madoff was an
open investigation for more than 10
years I think and they went before the
regulators three times with proof you
know they just they're they that's all
they do all day is look at stuff now you
were on stage here money comp with stacy
herbert talking about crypto and its
securities and investing and the point
came up about reg D investment and I
think the debate if I can characterize
it correctly was that well you know reg
D precludes anyone from having a certain
net worth of income from participating
in let's say an a reg D offering and a
lot of people on the other side of the
debate are saying hey wait a minute that
means like most of the market won't be
able to participate what are your
thoughts yeah so uh actually a really
good question that comes up a lot this
idea that well how come only rich people
get to invest in Facebook's pre IPO
shares right how come something like
that isn't opened to the average
investor and my argument to that has
always been well it's a very speculative
investment and even professionals can't
get it right ninety percent of all
businesses fail especially businesses
and brand-new technology the failure
rates probably even higher but people
still feel that the little guy should
have a chance and it's a tough argument
and now I kind of say if you really want
a high risk investment just go invest in
a stock market at least those companies
have already proven their past a pre IPO
stage and they're in the in they're
already publicly traded and most people
feel that the stock market is always all
priced and always too dangerous and
always too risky without realizing that
all of those companies are currently in
the stock market were a hundred times
riskier before they made it into the SMP
500 but for some reason people think
that that's not risky but SMP 500
companies are companies with revenue
companies that have a very low chance of
gold bust
alright this argument that well how come
I didn't get a chance to my facebook
it's a bad argument because along with
Facebook we're a hundred other companies
trying to do something similar at 99 you
never heard of her
they all went bust so to say that oh you
were able to pick that one that was
Facebook is fallacious plus even venture
capitalists their hit ratios one in ten
they're 90 percent losers and they're
the experts and they're the complete
experts and tada to the Facebook thing I
say well all of your money would have
probably been in my space because that's
where my money would have been I always
thought my space was better and I was a
user of MySpace I hated switching to
Facebook I just had no choice and and
you're right on that and my best example
of this is the biggest pre IPO investor
in pets.com
was Amazon so even they didn't know
right okay we're gonna win right this is
the regulations are there and look at
the pension market for example you know
we went through a transition in the 80s
where pensions were being self-directed
by employees and taken out of the hands
of corporations and individuals ran them
into the ground in 2008 that got wiped
out right because individuals couldn't
handle the volatility so they were
before then just getting a coupon
clipping four or five percent return
every single year they retired was
something that was you know a nice pot
of money but if you given the individual
that choice they get caught up in
emotions or not professionals to get
wiped out so I'm making the argument
that break D serves a purpose
so let's visit the other side of the
argument for a second and in the space
of crypto it is part is there a way to
get more public participation in crypto
in a way that satisfies both the need to
protect people from getting wiped out
and still have exposure to these
emerging technologies
well Bitcoin in my opinion is your
safest bet but once again just like
people don't want to invest in the S&P
500 and they would rather invest in
Facebook's future competitor as a pre
IPO for the same reason people don't
want to invest in Bitcoin and then when
I
invest in these competitors that have a
very low probability of success they're
basically buying up lottery tickets and
we all know that's not a very profitable
way to make a living
going to buy lottery tickets but that's
what you're doing in crypto if you want
to save investment in crypto go buy
Bitcoin don't put all your money in
Bitcoin if you want to do it and attacks
the third way I hate saying it but gbtc
is your only option you can buy that in
your retirement fund and you're right
III self-direct my own 401k I'm
responsible for my own retirement money
and you can do that you can go buy gbtc
hopefully there'll be a better ETF on
the market soon better than gbtc and
then you can buy it as a tax deferred
retirement account and you know
diversify your portfolio a little bit
all right let's talk about Bitcoin for a
second so you are you follow technical
analysis and you're known as somebody
who teaches groups had to do technical
analysis and technical analysis is
really the other side of the analysis
portfolio one on Wall Street uses the
other being fundamental analysis where
you're looking at the actual earnings of
a specific company and determining their
growth rate technical analysis you're
just looking at the price charts and and
you're making certain assumptions about
how prices tend to repeat them on
patterns repeat because they're subject
to human emotions and human emotions
never change exhaust so people get
greedy at the top they get bearish on
the bottom you know when I was working
on Wall Street you have many many what
are called contrarian indicators you
know people tend to buy puts at the
bottom so the put/call ratio is bullish
because it's a contrarian indicator now
these are all very useful tools and
crypto space is a very young space is
tends to be you know technological I was
gonna I was resisting saying geeks and
nerds and dweebs but I mean that's what
we're talking about this is all very new
to them how has that message been
interpreted you know that's actually
been great for me because I recognized
pretty early when I started writing in
the space about price and technical
analysis that I really am dealing with a
lot of people that are getting into
trading because of this
the removal of barrier to entry to
become a trader at a speculator on all
of these assets without any kind of
learning it's almost like hey you know
what let me go drive in the Indy 500
before I got my permit and driving a car
and I kind of carved out this little
niche where I have experience in trading
I have watched the markets for 15 years
I've worked on Wall Street for 10 years
lots of trading experience and hey let
me at least educate people on how to be
traders it doesn't mean they're gonna
make money trading but at least I'll
have an idea of the other side of
trading which is technical analysis and
using charts and using those emotions
and putting yourself in better
probabilistic that to potentially profit
from the market the problem that we have
is people can't separate because they're
too young of investors they can't
separate the idea of an investor from a
trader a trader should never be married
to the asset that they're trading it's
just something so if you are in love
with Bitcoin or you're in love with
aetherium you're not going to be a very
good trader of those assets because
you're emotionally involved the best
traders are never emotionally involved
with the assets that they're trading -
this one is making money the other one
is risk management so technical analysis
can be a tool for speculation but it's
also a tool for risk management as far
as where to put in stops and other
orders to keep you keep your money from
being drawn down I mean this is what the
trader once you draw down money you know
you have the arithmetics of losing it
takes more money to get even than the
amount of money that you drew down so if
you drew down 10% you got to make more
than 10% to get back to even so this is
the cycle that people get into it is
very destructive I want to talk about
something a 51% attack you know when
Satoshi Nakamoto envisioned Bitcoin he
talked about the 51% attack and we know
that it's been resistant to a 51% attack
he did not mention features in the white
paper and or any of the correspondence
he had is anyone that
where did he mention financial futures
we do now have Bitcoin futures and the
argument against the 51% attack put
forward by Satoshi is that according to
game theory you wouldn't do it because
you'd wipe yourself out but if you took
a position in the futures market and
then you attack Bitcoin say you went you
took a bit you know bought a put on
Bitcoin and then you killed it with a
51% attack you know there's some room to
to manipulate or to make markets or to
trade your thoughts I think that would
be very very difficult because the the
futures have just come online and the
volume on those futures is pretty low
the leverage on those futures is also
pretty low but the Bitcoin hash rate and
the ability to get that 51% is very very
high and by the time futures could be
liquid enough to profit well from this
kind of idea the hash rate is going to
be exponentially higher still making it
so hard to do the 50 against man is
running ahead of the devil you're
hesitant and day one one step ahead of
the devil in addition it would be a very
dangerous bet because as the Bitcoin
market grows higher who's gonna be the
counterparty yeah you're gonna take on
all of these short plays like remember
what happened in the financial crisis
right everyone thought they were gonna
make so much money off of the proper
position on the CDOs except the
counterparties also fail no liquidity
right no liquidity right so just because
you made this giant bed and you were
absolutely right what happens when your
counterparty was to leverage and the
counterparty goes down but as an old
saying well then you have to feed the
ducks when they're quacking right if I
heard this one yes and the intermediary
the CME has insurance to back this up
but they could also not have enough this
is what the CEO of Interactive Brokers
was very very worried about but on the
upside right on a downside that there
may not be enough backup and liquidity
to do it so it's difficult and I always
say a lot of people there are gold bugs
a lot of people that want this
catastrophe to come but you don't
realize if the catastrophe is too big
nobody wins
chi'lan bank's thanks for being on the
cow's report thank you that's gonna do
it for this edition
I love the Kaiser rapport with me Max
Keiser and Stacy I'd like to thank our
guests own vase if you want to catch us
on Twitter
it's Kaiser report until next time
