like I was saying in the first in the
first half goals happened when I was not
expecting too much and again I have to
say that for me there was a game with
Diego Costa and the game after Diego
Costa
the game change for the first time the
Portuguese central defenders day they
were able to come up they were not
afraid of the space behind them they
were more confident they brought the
team up that him become more compact in
the last 10-15 minutes and was when the
free-kick situation arrived intelligent
experienced Cristiano looking for that
for that free-kick in a position that he
loves it and amazing free-kick no
transfer of it absolutely not
do you feel it was a fair result overall
three three I think so because I don't
think anything was perfect I don't think
any team was able to be to be dominant
for the 90 minutes I think some of the
goals were the goals that make as not to
sleep well after
not just the kind of individual mistake
like that we had which which is part of
football but for example does the Spain
second goal a free-kick from that
position
Smallville's alligators marking the far
post against a tollbooth kids that has
the ball into the space I think a few a
few mistakes but the f2 teams full of
top players I think we've got the goals
to show you too so let's start with the
first one in the very first minute
here we are Ronaldo with the penalty
didn't look like he was going to miss
tilly na very confident you made a
decision before he goes he goes high
even if that videos to this to that side
no chance the ball is fast fantastic
penalty not long after the egg Acosta
was causing all sorts of problems wasn't
easy big man puts himself about I mean
this is what he's all about isn't it you
know the picture has five Portuguese
players the Portuguese goalkeeper and
Diego costume Iago cost the score in the
middle of five red shirts but everything
starts with a long that ball which we
know that Diego is the only one in Spain
that capable of that and then as I was
saying a tough time pepper must be ready
for that experienced players strong
player too I think he should be happy
for that for that duel but a little bit
of more protection for the second ball
and all the red players were not able to
kill that second ball and then Diego as
a good low shot no chance for the keeper
now just before half-time great goal for
Portugal great time to score a goal
we're now there again yes is my boy it
hurts me to say but he knows he knows is
a bad is a bad mistake is a mistake that
it doesn't lead us United player of the
season fantastic performances but that
happens to the best but
the good thing with the best is that in
the next match will be they're not
afraid confident to go and ready to help
his team but is the goal with the width
of each face so they were one in four
halftime and I thought certainly looking
at this game you could tell there was a
lot at stake a lot of pride at stake
today you could sense there was rivalry
between these two teams and when they
came back out of course it wasn't long
before we got another goal people to the
equalizer there for a Matt Diego Costa
sometimes sometimes we managers we feel
a little bit like betrayed by players
decisions on the pitch sometimes in the
heat they're not able to think sometimes
there is a little bit of lack of
leadership on the pitch because
sometimes we are not able to communicate
is not possible Gonzalo gathers to mark
the last the last position on on the
zone to be challenging in the air by a
12 play like Busquets
and then we also miss the second ball in
the face off of the wall but is a very
bad go to concede the second half starts
you have to go solid you have to go to
try to create emotional problems to a
team that is losing 2-1 and you give
them the chance to get into the game
with a bedroll sure ok so that made it
say - and then they went ahead didn't
they with a great strike from Fernandez
unstoppable unstoppable is I think he
knows that he scores now it doesn't need
to see the ball in in the net to know
that is for the the fly of the ball is
beautiful he hits the ball which we used
to call the three fingers which is the
external part of of the food no chance
for the keeper because of all he gives
them an impossible flavor for him he's a
fantastic shot but starts with challenge
in the box between pepper and silver
pepper has to press not to commit too
much maybe was afraid to make a penalty
but it has to make it short and to try
to win the ball there and then the ball
comes into a space where nacho comes
probably Bruno Fernandez was more
focused in closed the inside space even
probably the manager told him that nacho
is not a very offensive fullback so more
important for him to close the inside
space then for example in the other side
with Jordi Alba which is a play that is
getting deaf all the time so it's
probably the goal where you don't feel
that you are going to lose your sleep
because of it because it's a good goal
the final free-kick in the dying minutes
top corner Johnson
top corner and is busquets first man
pick a second man
they don't have taller than that I think
the world is correct the position is
correct of course the line that the
referee does the white line gives
nowadays a better possibility to the to
the taker because before was always one
meter in front 50 centimeters and this
and that now is much more clean now the
wall is quiet stable is like a solid
block you have just to try to go over it
what a player I mean from the first
minute until the last minute you always
felt he was the man on the talks of it
just just looking at his face you can
sense that he's the one out there that
might change things and is what I used
to call the feeling of the game the
specific intelligence of playing
football
he knows that the team is in trouble he
knows that the team is not creating he
knows and this frustrating on the pitch
because nobody could see Portugal to
score a goal and he knows that one of
the possibilities he has is a set play
and we taught at half time that he was
is good on these on these on these and
on that and on that was on set pieces
that position is a position where I saw
him trained free kicks four hours after
training sessions asking one of my
assistants put me the wall stay with me
give me balls and he was looking for
that he was giving his body to pk he was
waiting for that contact PK I don't
think he's the fault if I am the referee
probably I don't give that fall because
I know the nature of the players I know
what Christian was looking for it's been
but he's being clever is is is to be in
control of every detail of of the game
it gets the free kick and then of course
score doesn't score he spent so long he
put the freak the ball down and I felt
like I was looking at him for about an
hour he's ready means really is not the
best on free kicks I think for the
number of free kicks it takes in the
club and in the national team is not
scoring as much in the past couple of
years as he used to do for Manchester
United and in the first years in in in
Real Madrid but this one is a critical
one this one is is a crucial point is
not just a crucial point is the the the
the what can affect the self-esteem the
self-confidence the way to approach the
next two two matches the rivalry what it
means for the Portuguese people that is
at home
and it has this little this little touch
this little extra feeling and and the
goal is is fantastic I think the wall is
is a good wall they start a wall if I'm
not wrong with busquets and the second
man is PK they try to protect the sides
where the keeper is not trying to go too
much because he knows that Christian who
can put the ball also in the other
angles so dahveed stays on with Alf of
the goal and gives to the wall I think
the world is correct but the fly of the
ball is is fantastic and at the end
everybody celebrates it like mad who's
gonna be the happy of the two teams here
we talk about I know I've talked to you
before about psychology of everything I
see there they are
of course Spain has a different feeling
which is the feeling that has three
points in the pocket and two of them
they fly just in in the end but overall
I think both teams are happy they know
that the point is a good point they know
that with five points they both qualify
so they can even get a negative day and
get a draw against one of the other
opponents but I think they are quite
happy and the feeling of a big match big
opponent
I don't lose against the European
champion I don't lose against a former
world champion then the team that is
again a candidate to to win it I think
is a is a positive feeling now they can
relax a bit more now they can prepare
the next two matches with a different
feeling
you
