welcome to Sophie and comme Sophie
sherbert not said this ceasefire in
Syria's last rebel stronghold is taken
root does that mean that the end of the
civilian suffering in the country is
finally in sight
I asked Yan Egeland the special advisor
to the United Nations special envoy for
Syria a fragile ceasefire in Syria said
Lib brings hope for the beleaguered
civilians of the country the lull in the
fighting promises to stem the outflow of
refugees but will the truce hold for
much longer
but both rebels and government forces
itching to have a go at each other again
how will the outside powers keep Hawks
on both sides at bay and who will help
those caught in the crosshairs Yan
Eggland's head of the Norwegian Refugee
Council and the special adviser to the
United Nations special envoy for Syria
welcome to the show great to have you
with us today good to be with you so
yeah in Syria in a blip the turkey
Russia agreement about creating a
demilitarized zone and striking a
ceasefire is holding Russia's foreign
minister says that it is going according
to plan
the Turks concur you were pessimistic
about 2018 for Syrians before do you
still not believe in light at the end of
the tunnel well I am really relieved
that there was an agreement for it lip I
was very among those who were very very
concerned for the three million
civilians in enid lip and I think what
Russia and Turkey did was was really
bringing a glimmer of hope to Syria and
showing that diplomacy can win what it's
a pity we didn't have the same kind of
agreements in in Aleppo and Aniston
Goethe and and elsewhere but we got it
in Italy hopefully it will hold it's
still not over in Italy so previous
deals with rebels provided those who do
not wish to reconcile will the chance to
be bused to Italy does that mean that
Italy is now home to the most
irreconcilable of rebels yeah I mean
some of those bearded guys are pretty
pretty extreme and indeed it's I'm glad
you mentioned this because in the what
Russian diplomats and others did was to
negotiate deals with these groups so
that they left the south and eastern
Goethe and elsewhere ended up in Italy
now I at times here know we don't
negotiate with terrorists we never
negotiate with terrorists well there was
already deals with these groups
hopefully that can be also deals to
ended peacefully with all of the groups
it's not over if one is going to fight
those listed terrorist groups it could
engulf a million of the three million
people in in horrific fighting we have
to avoid that so the previous bus deals
where the hardliner militants would hop
into buses and lived a battlefield given
safe passage by Assad it worked okay can
anything like that be arranged for Italy
where could the irreconcilable z-- go or
we transport it
I don't know really it's a there is no
eat lip for the people in need lip
really and and what I hear from from
some Russian and Turkish diplomats is
that it's it has to end in in in Italy
and some are pretty reconcilable in the
language they have to be eliminated and
a lot of that kind of language which
makes me nervous if if you give hard
liners no option but to fight to the
last man with gun which would also mean
to fight to the last civilian it's
really bad for for women children
civilians there so I hope and pray that
the good Russian diplomats military and
other and Turkish ones involved will go
the extra mile to try to negotiate a
peaceful and with all of the armed
actors in Italy so last year he admitted
that you failed to protect and evacuate
civilians from rebel-held cities in
Syria what went wrong what could you
have really done anyway well I mean it's
it's my job to be a humanitarian
spokesman III leave the humanitarian
task force of the International Syria
support group where Russia and the
United States and Iran and Turkey and
Saudi Arabia and in all of the countries
involved set so I've failed to convince
those member states of the UN who have
influence to make agreements to
negotiate an end to influence the
parties on the ground when we see that
places like Eastern Aleppo Eastern gouta
or for that matter Raqqa which was
attacked by by a Western led coalition
they they went on up in flames and one
thing I I think we need to be much
having much more frank discussion in the
future is that the war on terror as it
is done by the United States by Ross
by Iran by turkey by others is is too
tough on the civilians really so the
victims of terror are are primarily
found in places like Syria
it's the Syrian civilians who bleed from
terrorism and when you end up by
liberating a place or freeing a price by
destroying it completely having that all
of the pious civilians free for their
lives I think one should search for
another way can you do anything about it
now I mean if an abler battle really
breaks out what can you do this time to
make sure civilians are as safe as
possible
well my my clean-out you to the good
people in on the both Russian and
Turkish side in the lead on on this
agreement is go the extra mile really to
find negotiated solutions there a laying
down of arms yeah I don't know amnesties
there could be many agreements with
these armed men thinking of the children
that are next to them several of the
militant groups seem already to have
peacefully integrated they have gone
over to more peaceful groups they have
taken out their heavier heavy arms from
the so-called demilitarized zone of the
buffer zone that was negotiated there
has been agreement with the with with
many groups that can also be with us the
last one one can negotiate an end to it
with more groups than you would believe
I know that it's it's it's probably
impossible to negotiate with the Islamic
state but with the neutral groups that
has already been agreement they were
bust many of them as you reminded us to
it Lib Stefan de Mistura has called for
a humanitarian corridor to be
established and it lived to evacuate
civilians in case to battle for it lip
starts do you think that's a realistic
plan
yeah but stuff on my my colleague and
good friend said was we need to have
opportunities for civilians to escape
the fighting this was before the the the
the the possible total war in in Italy
and before the Russian Turkish deal so
what can be done indeed is safe passage
not necessary corridors but also
complicated to establish you have
negotiate and there to be demilitarized
and all of that we would just need
freedom of movement for civilians and
for humanitarians to the civilians in
all directions and I think they
civilians for example in areas where
there would be neutral fighters where
there can still be a lot of fighting
they some of them want to go elsewhere
in Italy some may want to go to the a
friend area or other opposition or
Turkish controlled areas some may want
to go to the government controlled areas
somewhere may want to go to Turkey
herself they should have an option to go
where it's safe for them so in 2006 in
Lebanon you condemned Hezbollah for
hiring among civilians and you said that
this tactic leaves their enemies with no
choice but to attack civilian
infrastructure now talking about Syria
you say the opposite that the fact that
terrorists hide among civilians should
not justify urban warfare what made you
change your mind it's is exactly the
same argument then as now I plead to
armed opposition groups including
so-called terrorists and those who are
listed terrorists to not blend into the
civilian population and I've said so
many times to the groups in it live do
not go down by taking with you innocent
civilians do not hide next to civilians
next to schools in hospitals and
elsewhere so young okay so that means
that you're basically appealing to their
honor they don't have any honor isn't
that kind of naive to appeal to their
honor
well III don't know whether they have a
honor or not they talk a lot about honor
these groups and the Islamic values and
all I would say that okay the neutral
fronds have portrayed themselves as a
defender of the civilian population in
Syria that's what they claim their
actions have been different really my
appeal to them and those who have
supported them is to say do not have
your legacy as armed grown men
you know hiding behind and shielding
yourselves behind children
so if extremists use civilians as cover
and deny the civilians the opportunity
to flee the violence as was the case in
Aleppo and Goethe what are they soldiers
supposed to do with those militants the
to use military means that are not
undiscriminating
for example if you have an Air Force
that it was exactly the same in Raqqa
that were held by the Islamic state one
shouldn't use explosive enormous
explosive weapons in heavily and densely
populated areas when there are
terrorists so it's it's you you go
through with the ground offensive is
better much more targeted warfare if you
can the law is pretty clear really and
it's not a new thing with the terrorists
armed men hiding within the civilian
population has been a problem through
the time we've had humanitarian law and
the responsibility to shield the
civilian population to think of the
civilian population has always been
there it's and and a good general knows
how to protect civilians right yeah
we're gonna take a short break right now
when we're back we'll continue talking
to young agaln the special advisor to
the United Nations special envoy for
Syria
discussing the prospects of the
ceasefire in the Italy problem
stay with us
we're back with Yan Eggland's head of
the Norwegian Refugee Council a special
advisor to the United Nations special
envoy for Syria discussing the situation
in a war-torn country yam the Syrian
government which is in control of most
of the country is now asking the Syrian
refugees to start coming back home
can you help those Syrians who want to
do that is there anything the UN or
Norwegian Refugee Council can do there
is nothing I want more than to help and
facilitate Syrian refugees who who
voluntarily want to return home but
there has been number of preconditions I
mean it has to be they have to be
informed of their possibilities and what
they go to it has to be voluntary really
and they have to be assisted and it has
to be protected there has to be safe at
the return so far few refugees have
returned home and many more internally
displaced have returned home I hope in
the future we can have safe and
dignified and assisted conditions and
then we would like to facilitate it but
it's really up to the refugees
themselves just decide when they feel
it's safe
so last year you said that the United
Nations on the one hand has managed to
reach more civilians in need of help but
on the other hand fails to protect them
how can the UN protect them in the
Syrian case should there be divisions of
you and blue helmets guarding civilians
in his lips now I'm talking about
humanitarian protection as a
humanitarian I've been a humanitarian
for too many years more than 30 years
and we've always had assistance handing
out things that keep people alive
as part of our mandate the other one is
to protect them from abuse women from
being raped you know a children from
being abused and abducted and
made into child soldiers men from being
arbitrarily arrested and tortured how
can we do that by being present among
the people by being witnesses to what I
said he said to bring a witness to the
world and have advocacy on on on behalf
of these people and and indeed in Syria
I think we've been remarkably successful
in all of the areas that was not why
we're not besieged in all of the areas
that were was access we've had more or
less a pretty successful assistance
program but too many people have have
been killed too many people have been
born that too many people have had to
flee from violence that's a protection
crisis now I know you asked for
additional funding for those displaced
in the fighting in Italy but too few
countries have helped so far why do you
think the countries which are struggling
to stem the flow of refugees from Syria
are stingy when it comes to helping
these people at home
well I think in general in general the
Syria response have been more generous
another response it's been many many
billions of dollars several billion
dollars spent each year the last five
six years the world has been much more
stingy in in Congo and in Somalia and in
Mali and in in in in too many other
Central African Republic where where I
will visit it's a place that is really
forgotten however it's true that some of
these areas where there are terrorist
groups or where it's been shifting
control from position control to
government control for example there's
been suddenly less funding I find that
politically motivated I don't like it at
all but it's a we actually have less
funding for Italy because al-nusrah is
there and the civilians next well no sir
you know end up by being bombed by the
Russians and not having assistance from
the Western countries because nostra
became the neighbor were really
punishing these poor civilians twice so
the Russian Turkish deal basically is
all about two things the Demilitarized
Zone and the reopening of a highway that
runs through rebel-held territory so
even the dmz itself is basically a
stretch of land around the road why is
the highway so important as to be
mentioned in the agreement and what will
reopening it mean for peace
oh the highway is very important because
it's a place for civilians to travel in
their own in their own country and to
relatives and to safety and and/or
return if the need is there and also for
commercial life to flourish again I mean
the it Lib Aleppo area was a was was can
still be a very productive area than
they need transport but of course the
deal is also very much more it is as I
see a way to avoid a full-scale war and
where the two most influential power
countries Turkey and Russia say let us
work together we're sitting on opposing
sides here actually out of the table and
in in deal with this a sensible people
in a in a negotiation and they did it
shows that diplomacy can win I wish we
had seen it in more places I'm very glad
we saw it in Italy could they open road
become a point of contention and instead
flare up the fight again well that would
be if if any groups found out that I
wanted to take it for strategic reasons
or close it ie I think now that Russia
and Turkey in Greece that it should stay
open I think it will stay open but it
depends also on day on dead on the talks
with the local groups so far it's been
going well in implementation I I was
leading a meeting where both Russia and
Turkey and at the same keys member state
were present and I congratulated the the
local mediators for for progress really
I I am I'm hopeful that we can avoid
more civilian bloodshed in Italy
President Assad has called the Russian
turkey deal a temporary measure talking
to his loyalists he always insists he
wants the whole of the country back
under government control
with his allies Russia and Iran not keen
on fighting a battle in Italy will he be
able to do it alone III think Russia
Turkey also Iran are vital they have a
heavy responsibility because the three
of them have gone in heavily in this
area there was a Gulf countries who have
been supporting armed opposition groups
the western country who have been
supporting groups there really to some
extent this has been a proxy war and the
countries have not only a lot of
influence they have also heavy
responsibilities I hope and pray that
Russia and Turkey would stay the course
here and make sure that this is a more
peaceful corner for the extension and
not just as a temporary thing and my
impression is that they want this place
to stay peaceful what is your personal
impression feeling about working on the
Syrian problem do you feel exasperated
maybe on a contrary hopeful optimistic
now first and foremost I felt really
devastated of of the civilian suffering
these last seven years it's been too
many times when I've seen you know
starved besieged cities hospitals bombed
civilians fleeing terrorists you know
attacking civilians it's been terrible
really I'm more hopeful now than I was a
few months back and and the Hitler deal
was a glimmer of hope and in in in all
of this but it's also very important
what happens in the future I mean will
there be more repression against the
civilians will those who return back
home that are now displaced and later on
the refugees meet repression or will
they meet you know human rights
protection will will the fact that
you've been tweeting you know on behalf
of the opposition at some point be met
by repression later on I hope not
because if there is more repression I
think there will be no peace how do you
feel about the fact that the United
Nations sponsored efforts to bring the
war to a halt have made way to the deals
between Russia Turkey and Iran how come
the UN couldn't really do anything about
this war not for a lack of trying but
still with the I think the UN has been
working with the Istana partners which
is which our Russia Turkey and Iran but
I mean remember in the UN I have a UN
hat as in heaven NGO hat UN has nose
soldiers on the ground we we have a
moral you know integrity or moral
authority Russia Turkey Iran have have a
military involvement on the ground so of
course they are in a much stronger
position to make deals the oil also is a
stronger responsibility
they've also
been involved in in in the problem if
you like and in what world something
which I personally see as as a impart it
a proxy war so now they are hopefully
going to do the utmost to build peace in
Syria the war may be ending but we're
very far from peace so yeah you've
worked in the field of conflict
diplomacy for a long time you've been a
humanitarian all your lives
you're a very well-known man I mean
bands write songs about you for God's
sake Time magazine named you one of the
hundred people that shaped our world
how does publicity like this help
humanitarian officials in their work
I don't know help help that much really
I what I have as only my limited ability
to persuade those who have power
really but I've always tried to
influence those who have the power so
I'm I am I'm glad to have direct access
to Russian diplomats and military as I
have to Iranian as I have to detach as I
have to the Americans and you and the
Europeans and the Gulf countries and
others that's how I can also do my job
as a humanitarian humanitarian I have no
interest in the political outcome I'm
there on to to advance the case the
cause of the civilians in a neutral
impartial independent manner now thank
you very much for this century good luck
with everything
continue doing the amazing job that
you're doing where we're talking to
young Eggland's had of the Norwegian
Refugee Council this special adviser to
the United Nations special envoy for
Syria discussing whether the latest
ceasefire in Syria is going to help to
finally and the war that's it for this
edition of Sophie and Co I'll see you
next time
you
