one of the darkest moments in modern
French history a series of coordinated
terror attacks across Paris 130 people
killed 90 of those at this popular music
venue while the terror was unfolding
inside the Vatican outside were eight
soldiers from anti-terror patrols the
parliamentary inquiry later revealed
that they were told not to intervene
moreover they were also forbidden from
giving their weapons to the police
sticking rigidly to army protocol now 18
families of victims have filed a lawsuit
against the French state demanding
answers they were described in the media
as the force specially created against
the threat of terrorism so why was this
force which had the chance to intervene
told not to if the soldiers had entered
the batterer clan on that night if they
had given their weapons over to the
police how might that have changed what
happened on that horrific night in Paris
they said yourself a question we want
answered is why it took two-and-a-half
hours for the order to engage to be
given when the officers were there from
the beginning the army however insists
the soldiers had taken all measures
possible securing the area around the
batterer clan and protecting the fleeing
victims the military intervened
spontaneously they arrived while police
were already present the military
secured areas around the Bataclan in
coordination with and at the request of
the internal security forces but now one
of the lawyers representing the victims
families has made a startling claim to
RT saying that the allegations come from
a member of the Shand armory who wants
to remain and know
you say Rakesh wallah on the night of
the Bataclan attack there was a squadron
of Jean DOM assigned to protect the
house of then prime minister Manuel
Valls this squadron was alerted
immediately and deployed to the site
equipped with assault rifles they
entered the Bataclan and extracted a
hostage a woman and they were able
thanks to the hostage to get information
about the situation the other hostages
inside but then this 26 man squadron
received a very curious order they were
told to stand down and he claims there
was also another unit ready and equipped
with emergency medical supplies but they
were also not deployed know if this
equipment had been available to help
victims hurt while the decision to
intervene was being taken as possible
more people would have survived
surely the question about this
anti-terror operation Sentinel and its
role is why have we spent so much money
on them wasn't it just a political
masquerade to make people believe that
they are protected when we clearly see
people were massacred with Kalashnikovs
just a few metres from this unit and
that they had terrorists in their sight
but we're told not to pull the trigger
RT has asked the police to respond to
these allegations so far no response has
forthcoming but these are questions that
the families of some of the victims at
the Bataclan want answers to they want
to know what happened that night and
whether more could have been done to
have helped their loved ones sholat
dibinsky RT Paris
you
