welcome to all our viewers today we are
here at Ararat Park Hyatt Hotel and
we'll be talking to Nikhil passion Yan
the prime minister of Armenia who
visited Sochi a month ago and is now in
the Russian capital welcome to Moscow
mr. passion yen thank you very much I'd
like to start by asking you this since
you're visiting Russia does that mean
those who feared our countries would
grow apart we're wrong yes of course
even now many people say so and there
are many publications in the Russian
media where authors don't seem to quite
grasp what's happened and what is
happening in Armenia there are forces
who want to paint it in a different
light they want to make it look like
anti Russian political forces have come
to power in Armenia but as I keep saying
there was no geopolitical or foreign
policy related dimension to the Armenian
Revolution and as I keep saying there
was no geopolitical plot it was a purely
internal process that had to do only
with Armenia it's important to emphasize
that and we say that this process will
not result in a foreign policy u-turn
why do we say that because our people
the people who made the revolution
happen had no problem with Armenia's
foreign policy so they had no demands in
terms of foreign policy and we've the
government represent the people who
started the revolution and prevailed so
we must act within the limits and
demands of this political process this
Velvet Revolution so I want to say yes
those who said the political changes in
Armenia will lead to problems in
Armenian Russian relations were wrong
they've always been wrong and they
always will be wrong if they stick to
this point of view correct me if I'm
wrong but you say that not only to
Russian journalists but in the course of
official meetings as well right I have a
question about that do your counterparts
hear you and believe you and tell us
about how your personal relationship
with President Vladimir Putin is
developing I think we have a very good
straightforward kind of communication
it's been like that for a minute one I
can tell you that our relationship is
the kind that has no dark corners we
discuss everything openly we put forward
all the questions
directly and answer them directly mr.
Putin is this sort of person as far as I
understand he's very comfortable with
this kind of communication and to be
honest so am I so we communicate in a
straightforward way not leaving any dark
corners what do I mean by dark corners
it's very important that everything in
our relations is clear apparent and
genuine it doesn't mean that we'll have
no issues whatsoever what it does mean
is that we will have frank discussions
about all those issues without resorting
to any tricks or political maneuvers
which i think is very good I can assure
you that our relations are developing in
a fast and constructive way what's the
most pressing issue at the moment truth
be told we have no such issues right now
but Russia and Armenia are sovereign
states in general I think in many
aspects the interests of our countries
align but there could be some areas or
issues on which we might disagree I
believe it's very important to maintain
the atmosphere we have right now and I
hope that's the atmosphere in which we
will be discussing any issues we might
have in the future I think we will be
able to come to an agreement let's talk
about natural gas which as I understand
is one of the issues we have on the one
hand you said that people in Armenia
don't feel that Russian natural gas is
cheap yes but we discussed it and came
to the conclusion that it's a domestic
issue for us because yes Armenia gets
cheap natural gas from Russia at the
border but by the time it's delivered to
the customers the price has doubled
that's a domestic issue we have to
figure out and resolve within Armenia
and it has nothing to do with our
relations with Russia
so as for natural gas supplies from
Russia
you're not going to renegotiate the
price and you haven't discussed that
well you know we hope to get even
cheaper gas of course and we need
cheaper gas even though we know we buy
it at a low price that exclusively for
Armenia but we would like to have even
more exclusivity in this regard we'll be
discussing these issues of course and I
hope we will succeed
let's talk about your relations with the
EU you're waiting for the ratification
of your partnership agreements how soon
do you expect that to happen and how
will Armenia benefit from it exactly
the ratification process in EU countries
has already begun this agreement
involves reforming armenia's legal
system and that's been underway in
Armenia for many years I'd say 20 or
even more and of course we'll be
developing our relations with the
European Union but as I keep saying it
won't be happening at the expense of
Armenian Russian relations and
vice-versa we won't be developing
Armenian Russian relations at the
expense of our relations with the EU for
example that's our policy
we won't adhere to a policy that implies
developing relations with one
international partner at the expense of
relations with other partners I believe
we should be reliable partners for
everyone every global actor we have ties
with our relation should be transparent
to all sides and should rely on the
principle of reciprocity we all should
act in good faith what I mean is that
for example it should be unambiguously
clear for the West what is happening
between Armenia and Russia what Russia
should enjoy just the same kind of
transparency when it comes to ties
between Armenia and the EU certainly we
will continue developing our relations
with the EU us Iran Georgia and other
states alike but that's not going to be
done at the expense of our ties with
Russia and vice-versa what we have with
Russia is not going to affect relations
with any other country you told me that
this integration process between Armenia
and the West has been ongoing for some
time will this process now gather speed
or remain the same well it's not
integration as such because integration
in terms of Economic Cooperation is what
we work on within the Eurasian Economic
Community that's for the EU it's a
process of reforming our state
legislation system and thus it cannot be
called integration in its classical
meaning if you want to call it that way
then this is rather about coupling our
legal frameworks certainly there's an
economic element to it but it's not
economic integration it is partnership
we have a specific trade regime with
them the same kind of regime with
Georgia ray the US
conventionally-speaking economic
integration is what we do within the
framework of the Eurasian Economic
Community so when it comes to the EU you
object to using the term integration
it's not that I have any objections I
simply state the fact as it is Prime
Minister after meeting with the Russian
ambassador you announced the beginning
of a new stage in cultivating relations
with Russia so on the one hand you say
nothing changes but on the other you
mentioned a new stage what exactly will
be new I didn't say there would be no
changes I said that we would not be
shifting into reverse I hope and I'm
almost certain but now we will be
developing our relations even more
efficiently when I say a new stage I
mean more positive more meaningful and
more productive also more
straightforward more candid and
transparent this is what I mentioned in
the beginning relations without any dark
corners it's not that what we all see in
those corners satisfies all of us in
every way what I say is that we frankly
voice our opinion and our concerns and
we should all do that during the meeting
with Vladimir Putin we had no problems
finding common ground we settled some
matters immediately and agreed to
discuss others in greater detail later
again there were no problems encountered
during the talks you announced entering
the new stage and as I understand you're
now satisfied with how it all started
right yes that's true I can say for sure
that now judging by the outcomes of two
summits there are no political problems
between Armenia and Russia and did you
and letting me Putin touch upon the
cooperation between Armenia and the West
the EU we didn't discuss it during our
latest meeting but we did talk about
that in Sochi and I've already described
what kind of conversation we had now
some mass media say that you might be
nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize and
in Russia many think that you are quite
popular in the West what do you think
about that opinion and the rumor I just
mentioned frankly speaking I don't know
whether I'm popular in the West or not
as for the Nobel Prize nomination I
learned that from the media - and what
if it really happens and someone decides
to nominate you all right then it would
be nice
regarding your anti-corruption campaign
what have you already accomplished as
Prime Minister and at what pace are you
fighting it the one you expected or
maybe you're somewhat behind or ahead of
the plans I can say that we have put an
end to corruption in Armenia in such a
small amount of time yes in that little
time we had I can say that for sure
because all of Armenia stands against
corruption these days there might be
some smaller currencies though but these
are just the remnants of the corruption
we had we will continue our fight and
well eradicate them - really these are
simply residual effects when there are
no corruption pyramids within government
structures and officials themselves
behind the wheel it means that
corruption is gone and I'm confident
that this is the case with Armenia
certainly relapses are possible but I
believe that the work we're doing can
safeguard us against that including in
the long run I'm somewhat surprised to
see you saying with such confidence that
there's no corruption in Armenia only
some residual effects how did you do
that so fast
that's my political conviction that the
system of corruption in Armenia was run
from the top echelon of power and now
that these higher echelon czar no longer
involved in corruption something I can
guarantee the system of corruption that
used to exist in Armenia is no longer
there there may be some remnants of it
left and we must work hard to ensure
that a new system won't arise on top of
the old one in order to ensure that
corruption is gone for good
some changes are in order is that
correct certainly but the problem is
there have already been many reforms
carried out in Armenia so the important
thing is that reforms are complied with
the quality of our legislation is quite
high including our anti-corruption laws
in fact I'd say that our legislation is
one of the best among the CIS countries
but our problem was a lack of political
will as they say it's like we had two
parallel realities one was bodies
described in the laws and the other was
what was actually happening
our main goal now is to synchronize
these two realities in other words make
it so that laws are implemented in
practice
of course there are parts of the
legislation that are unreasonable and
need to be changed we are going to
reform these laws so that a lawful
reality is possible so to speak they've
been cases within the CIS I'm not going
to cite any specific examples when
during the shift of political elites it
was said that the key goal is to put the
right people into the right positions
and this is a lot like what you're
saying but then people started to notice
the old elites seeping back into power
and sometime after that they said
nothing had really changed how can you
guarantee that your case is different
and what are you going to do to ensure
that I think the best guarantee here is
the will of the people I'm pretty
confident that people won't say nothing
has changed because it was the people's
own way of thinking that changed I
believe that's an important factor that
allowed for a peaceful revolution
without violent clashes or a single drop
of blood the fight was inside every
citizen's mind and when the struggle is
internalized you're very unlikely to
harm those around you this is why our
revolution was so peaceful and positive
it was a revolution of unity I believe
that the main outcome of our revolution
was not a shift of power but a shift in
thinking the Armenian people the whole
nation started to think differently this
has nothing to do with the government
because it's already happened and there
won't be a return to the old ways the
people realized that their position and
their views were a key factor they
realized it wasn't one single person or
even a hundred people that forged this
new reality
this was our shared endeavor we've all
been involved in it when we renounced
the old crooked reality it just
collapsed because all this time it had
been standing on our own shoulders by
refusing to support this corrupt and
fake reality we freed ourselves of this
burden I understand that purely in terms
of news in terms of information flow
it's important to say who stepped down
as Prime Minister and who replaced him
but this is not the key change that took
place in Armenia it's not about who's
Prime Minister it's about the people's
way of thinking their perception of
reality their understanding of their
role in the life of the country and the
nation there is never going to be a
return to the old ways
what are your relations right now with
your political opponents the Republican
and mr. Sarkissian as for mr. Saugus Yan
it's true that we live practically next
door now but we do not have any
relationship as such as for the
Republican Party it's no longer the
majority party in our Parliament it's an
opposition party and it's a solid
opposition but as far as I understand it
is going to try and make a comeback
isn't it but it's not a realistic
prospect they will never make a comeback
other forces other parties may emerge
that may win an election but this party
will never be back that's for sure
and that doesn't have anything to do
with me it's because people will never
forgive them I can guarantee that at
least that's how I feel and I think it's
true speaking of your party what are
your plans are you planning to reform it
are you going to run with it in the
pending early parliamentary election yes
I am if you're referring to my party the
party alliance no you see we have a
party and we have an alliance our party
is called civil contract and the party
alliance is called ELQ or the way-out
alliance speaking of the Alliance right
now we're discussing its future that's
for the party it's definitely going to
develop regardless of what happens to
the alliance so the party will develop
as for the Alliance it's something we're
negotiating now and will arrive at a
decision in due time on June the 1st you
said on Facebook that those who set off
an artificial price fight for basic
foods and want to assert the rule of
lawlessness over the rule of law will
feel the full weight of the law who were
you referring to and what did you mean
by saying they will feel the full weight
of the law I meant exactly what you just
said the contexts being that we became
aware of some illegal activity by a
number of supermarkets in Yerevan they
simultaneously raised prices for some
products and it looked like a kind of
sabotage so I reacted by saying we were
ready to take action to restore justice
in this area that's what it was about in
the end these supermarkets had to pay
quite a high fine because their actions
were illegal it looks like you have no
fear of your political opponents
returning and claiming positions of
strength in the country in Parliament
perhaps it looks like you believe that
the kind of political and
that Armenia now has will not let it
happen not now not ever you see I don't
think that we need to speak in the terms
of fearing anything I'm not the kind of
prime minister who will ever fear losing
his posts I never will I will never be
afraid to lose this post and I never
consider fear a factor in my political
activity I simply do what I think I must
and what I'm sure I must do in order to
serve my country and my people and I
have no fear whatsoever following this
path you always been with people among
people has anything changed in your
relationship with people after you
became Prime Minister do I understand it
right that you're still trying to stay
close to people of course a lot has
changed because now I have to spend a
lot of time in my office working it
takes up the lion's share of my time and
so my contacts with people are limited
now what do you do when you manage to
find a little time for it I'm trying to
keep this connection alive and I'm sure
it'll stay alive do people feel that
this connection is still there I believe
they do for example yesterday I ran a
live stream on my Facebook page
answering questions of other users and
it got a lot of views 500,000 600,000
people watched it and that's how many
people watch my live streams on average
more or less sometimes a lot more than
that that's why I believe this
connection will stay alive you see our
government is supported by the people we
stay empowered as long as our people
have trust in us if we lose people's
trust
we'll lose power pretty quickly I firmly
believe that no one has any business
being in government if they have no
support from the people it makes
absolutely no sense to be in a position
of power without people's support
it's absurd Nicolle passion yen the
Prime Minister of Armenia thank you very
much for the opportunity to talk to you
thank you
