hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
it's been rather trendy over the past
few years to talk about the New World
Order fair enough but what we're
experiencing now is the end of the old
world order the recent g7 combat in
Canada and Trump's decision to engage
North Korea are just two examples Pax
Americana is undergoing a significant
transformation and the old order is
fighting back tooth and nail
crosstalking the Old World Order I'm
joined by my guest John Merrill in
Washington he is the former chief of the
Northeast Asia division of the Bureau of
intelligence and research at the US
State Department as well as author of
Korea the Peninsular origins of the war
also in Washington we have Michael
Flanagan he is president of Flanagan
consulting and a former congressman and
in New York we cross to George Samuli he
is a fellow at the global Policy
Institute of London and author of the
book bombs for peace all right gentlemen
crosstalk rules in effect that means you
can jump in any time you want and I
always appreciate it Michael let me go
to you first here I think it's pretty
fair to say after 500 some days in
office we were getting to see what an
American first foreign policy is under
Donald Trump so my question to you is
America first under Trump compatible
with the post-world War two liberal
order that the United States Harold into
into being is in 2018 a significant date
for that order that appears to be well
changing if not breaking down go ahead
Michael yeah and thank you Peter I think
that the the American foreign policy
your question presupposes that we've
been the same since the Second World War
and I think while we've had very likely
goals from administration administration
that that are very similar I don't think
we've had the same execution of that
foreign policy and I think you're seeing
a very different execution of the
foreign policy one that's more trade
centric one that's less interested in in
making a macro once over the world got
to embrace everything deal but taking
deals a bit at a time much as a
businessman would and I think you're
seeing a level of foreign policy
interaction and and and product that is
unfamiliar to many in the structures now
but is in no way bad and and I think
that that's giving a lot of pause to
professionals who have been doing this
for years and excellently for years but
difference doesn't necessarily mean
wrong and and I think moving in the
right direction I'm not I'm not judging
I'm not judging if it's right on
describing I'm describing it because I
don't know if it's right or wrong yet
okay and I'm glad you brought that up
because I'm not talking about the New
World Order because I don't know what
that is okay but I do know what we've
had for the last 70 odd years okay let
me give that more or less the same
question to John because Michael gave it
kind of from an American point of view
but there's a lot of American allies
around the world that see it very very
differently than the current occupant in
the White House go ahead John well I
think the Asian allies are coming along
he's right Trump's foreign policy
approaches different than his
predecessors it's more realistic more
hard-nosed
and even a little more improvisational I
think there's a tendency towards neo
isolationism and there are doubts about
alliances particularly when there is a
perceived asymmetry of burdens and
interests yep so I think this he also
feels the traditional Alliance
management emphasis that we've we've had
has fostered excessive dependency and
created moral hazards so he's trying to
solve in my opinion trying to solve some
problems and he's a disrupter ok my
George your turn I mean and I think you
see that with Korea okay I think you can
see it in a lot of different things
right now in this sense I think these
tendencies towards isolationism is are
overblown I think John really mentioned
it I mean a lot of people have benefited
from American largesse particularly in
trade and security I mean you know the
United States is willing to to guarantee
the security of Europe's borders but not
its own country I mean you know when is
this going to stop enough is enough
go ahead George yes but that's always
been the key to America's overwhelming
presence in the world it's been the
leader of this massive block this
massive NATO European Union bloc and
that's given it America this huge
influence now America had to pay a price
for that that the price he paid was that
it was running massive trade deficits
with everybody
the
in return for their not contributing
very much to military spending America
gave them privileged access to US
markets it didn't matter very much
because they as long as the dollar was
the world's reserve currency the trade
deficits would eventually eventually
will go back to America anyway and into
finance
but now Trump has sensed that that
American economic supremacy is under
challenge and with the rise of China and
the the China Russia bloc that is a real
serious challenge to the United States
so he's now trying to shake this up he's
saying okay now there's this block that
we're leaders of they really have to
jump to it they have to follow our goals
they're you know they you know what we
want whether it's in the Middle East or
anywhere else they will have to follow
wherever we're in the power state they
say okay where we have our foibles such
as rail and you don't really agree with
it but it doesn't matter we'll overlook
it now the Trump doctrine is that you
have to really follow it because if you
don't follow us then you will pay a
price and so we and we see this with the
in the case of Iran America's not just
walked away from the the jcpoa it's
actually imposing penalties on the
Europeans who are actually sticking with
the agreement and so that's what ready
Trumpster Trump is he's trying to
consolidate this block in order to
confront at some later date the new
Colossus emerging on in the world which
is China in alliance with Russia okay
you know Michael I tend to agree with
George there but the issue is is that
it's not really a block of even remotely
equals it's one country calling the
shots if you don't fall in line you will
be sanctioned like the u.s. is
sanctioned it's quote unquote
adversaries and foes I mean that that is
kind of a upping the game of sanctions
wouldn't you agree
yeah we're America bitch I mean that's
it's kind of what what the
administration has been talking about
with the America first policy for you to
forgive my my use of the the vulgar the
the administration really has
is not driven ideologically to have a
one-world borderless society as as
perhaps the Obama administration was
leaning toward and is not looking to
have a Pax Americana as the neo-cons and
the Bush administration we're looking
for I think it's looking for global
leadership in the the finance sector in
the trade sector and I think Trump is
absolutely focused in that direction and
where there is some big line cross like
chemical weapons or the belief of use of
chemical weapons to step away from that
argument here or to be able to talk
about some really egregious behavior by
a world actor the administration is
gonna shrug and move past that and say
we have bigger fish to fry with Michael
and players like China like Russia yes
Bert but Michael you know Trump's
critics and particularly in the liberal
media saying you know Trump wants to
move away from a rules-based
international order well I mean if I
take what you say logically speaking
then the United States doesn't give a
hoot about the United Nations it's going
to unilaterally bomb whatever country it
wants it will impose sanctions on any
country it wants I mean it walk away
from the WTO the United Nations I mean
that's the extreme okay that's where
this is going to and that's why I'm not
talking about the New World Order
because I don't know what it's gonna be
John go ahead and jump in and I noticed
you were reacting well IIIi think that's
that's a little extreme way to put it
what we've seen Trump do in the case of
Korea is settle a long festering problem
and break with traditional prescriptions
and being being willing to sit down and
have a dialogue with the leader of North
Korea I'm calling him the leader of
North Korea because one of the things
that American media do all the time yet
is they call him a dictator or a tyrant
anyway he's having a conversation and
he's trying to bring to bear I hope he's
successful he seems to have had some
success so far he's trying to establish
a degree of her poor and to schmooze the
guy and hoping that that will bring him
along and we'll be able to make progress
so let's see how that plays out I think
so far he's been doing a pretty good job
on the Korean issue even some Democrats
are beginning to realize that although
be late
well George I I am 100% behind Donald
Trump's engagement of North Korea
absolutely if that's what it takes for
peace that I'm on I'm on board okay that
and I just hope that it's not sabotage
by his own people around him and I worry
more about who's around the Oh in the
Oval Office
then who was in Singapore George yes yes
that's exactly so I don't think anyone
is going to sabotage the North Korea
deal within the administration simply
because North Korea has now become
Trump's baby it's here he's very much
preoccupied with this you know he and he
this is going to be his Reagan and
Gorbachev moment you know he wants this
is his historic moment that he's gonna
do something that no one else has done
but you have to balance that with his
policy on Iran because only on Iran he
is far more belligerent than his
predecessors were and he seems to be
moving towards a very serious
confrontation there I mean he has a few
more conciliatory things about Iran
in recent days but I don't think it's
very likely that there'll be any change
there and similarly I think in the case
of Syria I think we can expect more
belligerents from the United States
there so while yes he's doing a good job
on Korea
when it comes to the Middle East I think
it's he's being more belligerent than
his predecessors you know Michael is it
because Trump doesn't really care about
the Middle East he thinks let the
Israelis and the Saudis figure it out
for him because North Korea's that's his
Nobel Prize that's him that's all about
him he's taken this he's taken on board
I mean it seems you could interpret it
that way because I mean his behavior in
the Middle East is in my opinion just
disastrous go ahead and Michael before
we go to the break yeah I don't you and
I have disagreed on this before Peter
but smart people can do that sure I
think is his embracing of the Arabs
against the Persians if you can go back
to the ancient descriptions is trying to
move the geopolitical center of the of
the Middle East back to the Arab side
away from its Hungary and and formerly
aggressive neighbors and I think the
difference between
Korea and Iran very quickly is because
Iran exports its pain at Korea in
internalizes most of its pain except for
an occasional threat to blow somebody up
and and so I think that you can take
Korea and Iran in very different sips
but both of them are being dealt with
fairly aggressively by this
administration and I think I think
successfully thus far well we haven't
come any closer and our disagreements on
that all right gentlemen we're gonna go
to a short break and after that short
break we'll continue with a discussion
on the old world order stay with our
team welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered on Peter belt
remind you we're discussing the old
world order
okay let me go back to John and wash now
I think one thing that is clear that I
don't think we had we were there's
really much disagreement about is that
Donald Trump seems to be almost obsessed
with undoing Obama's legacy okay I'm
just putting that out there okay so so
John I mean if if Trump is juxtaposing
his foreign policy to his his
predecessor what what are the confines
then you've may already mentioned that
it's more realistic I would agree with
that okay but what does Trump want to
achieve in his first four years in
office because presumably he wants to be
there for eight what kind what Trump
world look like let's say after eight
years go ahead John well I think I think
we've already covered some of that but
yeah he he wants to distance himself
from his predecessors and to make his
own mark not just distance from Obama
but even republic recent Republican
presidents so I think Trump is much more
numerous he is able to tally up costs
and benefits it may be a tendency to
look at things in zero-sum terms and he
relies much more on feel on charisma and
doom his perceived deal-making ability
and so he's prepared to strike off on
new directions and in the case of the
Korean problem I think this is long
overdue
the policy of strategic patience I think
was abysmal failure and I'm actually
surprised that some of the people who
were behind this policy are showing up
now and criticizing Trump's initiative
so I think he's done a great job on
Korea and let's let's hope he can pull
it off now there was a reluctance among
the Japanese but I think they've
accommodated themselves to that Prime
Minister Abe's policy is beginning to
shift in the direction of Trump and of
course in South Korea he has a
progressive president who is very
supportive of what he's trying to do so
who knows maybe we'll get progress on
the Korean issue which is the most
pressing security issue in the world
right
now I would argue okay Georgia John just
mentioned charisma I mean I if I
remember in my mocks Max Weber very well
you know I thought charisma died in
modernity I think this is this is what
are the interesting that I think it's a
fascinating no it's a fascinating point
because that's why the rest of the world
doesn't understand him they don't
understand him because he is a
charismatic figure because the Europeans
and their post modernist mind couldn't
see charisma if it hit him in the face
go ahead George
you're absolutely right about the Max
Weber because it was after it was John F
Kennedy that there was reintroduced that
charisma and suddenly you know people
were thinking back over the max wave but
I think it's right that he is somebody
who is a the charismatic figure and he's
you know and he does want to shake
things up but you could also look at the
on the other side he is consolidating
the Russia China bloc and really you
know he he had campaigned essentially
though he hadn't said it explicitly to
break up that Russia China bloc whether
that's feasible or not that's a
different matter but he wanted to break
that up because you know in the he you
know he I think has a sort of that
Nixonian realism about him which is that
this is a this is a bad thing for
America when Russia and China are close
together so what he's doubt doing is is
pushing the two of them together and he
you know he's done nothing in order to
to improve relations with Russia
and and everything that he's doing now
particularly when he's actually hitting
the Europeans for having the temerity to
get their gas cheaper from Russia than
from America that's anti-american block
exactly exactly the horror of it they
want to get a better deal oh my goodness
Michael I'm glad George brought that I'm
glad George brought that up because III
you may know more about this than I do
but I my sense is that Steve Bannon was
kind of an influence on Trump that way
is that you know the us and and and in
Russia shouldn't be enemies maybe they
won't be great friends but they
shouldn't be enemies but believing that
they could pull Russia and China apart
in 2018 I think is kind of naive now
that train has left the station it's not
going to go back we have to remind our
viewers because West Western media won't
do it who was meeting during the g7
halfway around the world the Chinese and
the Russians okay at the same time I
think I lament that very much I think
this whole ridiculous Russia gate thing
has derailed relations maybe for a
generation and and and I and I find it
lamentable and and John can speak to
this I mean how the the mainstream media
in that in the Democrats have just you
know just gone into Trump for this North
Korean thing if it doesn't work it
doesn't work but my god kids he's gonna
remember that he tried he's not gonna
have a chance to try with Russia Michael
go ahead yeah I I don't know that I
agree with George completely I don't
know if Trump is bent on separating
China and Russia as much as he's bent on
joining them together perhaps our
interests in North Korea are virtually
identical and I think that was the
reason for the China Russia meeting at
the same time while the Singapore
meeting was going on much of the same
discussion was going on in that meeting
and the Chinese had very very successful
and conciliatory moves to help Trump
with his policies with regard to their
milk deployment of military forces
Trump has recently asked for Russia to
be re-entered to the to the g7 making
the g8 of the g8 plus one or whatever it
is and and is regularly saying laudatory
things about chairman he although they
struggle over over trade and other
issues I think there is an understanding
that by the Trump administration that
there's some interest in having equal
trade partners and and if you always
think of Trump in in the focus of trade
and and trade deals his conciliation or
or his bluster as it may be from one day
of the next about these guys is about
making the deal more than about having
permanent relations or permanent enemies
that's a very that's a very fair point
you know John one of the things see this
is where the when I started out with
America first in the in the
and the liberal order see Michael just
hit the nail on the head I mean this
administration is very focused on the
balance sheet what do we get out of it
see but America's allies either and
they've enveloped it or absorbed it or
yeah I don't know they think in terms of
values all the time Western values all
the time and they're not practiced very
well the European Union is not
particularly democratic okay that's why
I have a lot of these populist movements
coming up the fact that Trump was
elected also talks about how people feel
about the country I mean we had the the
the Democratic primary rigged I mean you
know democracy and all these other
things people talk about it's a lot of
it is just hypocrisy and that's why
Trump if you agree with or disagree with
them in a way it's kind of a breath of
fresh air because you know where you
stand all the time go ahead John I think
the main problem with the the the
mainstream u.s. approach to foreign
policy is the absence of self reflection
and I agree let me give you a quick
example everyone's talking about the
North Korean gulag and oh my god they
have so many people in in in jail no one
ever thinks to look at the comparative
dimension of this the there is almost
almost 1% of the US population is
incarcerated
it's the highest rate in the world now
they stick around for a long time they
don't die off so I suppose you could you
could say that and in defense of US
prison policy but we're very quick to to
condemn other countries and never really
self reflect about what is the matter in
in in our system so I think that I give
Trump credit I am reluctant to say this
too much because I was brought up as a
Democrat I've been a registered Democrat
all my life but this is a kind of
crossover leader and I think he is
attracting as maybe it was George that
said this he's attracting crime
her voters so let's see what happens if
he makes a go of Korea I think he's got
a second term okay I think it's that
simple well I think I think it's still
gonna be the economy but if he can go on
the campaign trail walking around with
that medal that Nobel Prize when medal
maybe that'll impress some people here I
know some of his base is interested in
that you know George I'm really glad
that you know we're talking about this
dimension of it because you know North
Korea's gulags and all that I mean what
about beheading and stoning of people in
Saudi Arabia I mean that doesn't really
make any news in the United States and
if you're an expert in the field you'll
know about that it never makes the the
mainstream news I mean virtual genocide
is being committed in Yemen in Western
countries are involved in that not never
has ever mentioned but you know and in
that day and that's not to dismiss human
rights violations in North Korea but
this is what they the Liberals and the
media always do they always attach these
other things on that's why I am a
proponent of the Iran deal it was about
one thing and one thing only and it
could have been a demonstration effect
for other things later
unfortunately that's where I disagree
with the current president go ahead
George yes yes yes that's exactly so so
whenever American Talking Heads and
policymakers pundits come along as their
world we Americans we really care so
much about values they only ever care
about values about certain countries the
countries that are regarded as
adversaries of the United States so
certainly we really really care about
human rights in North Korea couldn't
care less about human rights in Saudi
Arabia human rights in in in Yemen
I mean Israel can kill any number of
people it can in Gaza and nikki Haley
would just shrug his shoulders and say
it was all the fault of Hamas and Iran
so you know human rights has only ever
brought up you know as another cudgel to
beat the perceived adversaries of the
United States and so well Trump is
refreshingly free of all this can't
about human right he nonetheless still
comes up with this nonsense when it
comes to
talking about Iran and of course Peter
you remember what he talks about Syria
remember all those the beautiful babies
and all this terrible you know that
Assad is an animal murdering beautiful
little babies so he's also not free from
this kind of emotional moralistic
rhetoric police on Korea he has been
refreshing me free of all right let me
give me go let me go to Michael last
word you're a trump supporter the last
30 seconds go to you my friend I I agree
and I disagree with George I think Trump
in finding his feet in the White House
had a lot of influence on him and I
think a lot of it was good and a lot of
it was bad and I think as he progresses
he's going to be less talking about the
beautiful babies although I also cringed
when you were when you said that because
you're right but I think you're going to
have more real politic talk about real
interactions with real countries as
opposed to the emotional we reflected
beautiful it's official on this program
the New World Order's started thank you
gentlemen we run out of time many thanks
to my guest in Washington and in New
York thanks to our viewers for watching
us here at RT see you next time and
remember crosstalk
