Donald Trump's apparently admitted that
Crimea is rightfully part of Russia
that's according to online news outlet
BuzzFeed those comments reportedly came
during last week's g7 summit in Canada
Samira Khan breaks down the story
according to BuzzFeed
Trump told leaders at the g7 summit that
Crimea is Russian because everyone
speaks Russian there on the second day
of the summit Trump made a few comments
in regards to Russia saying it used to
be the g8 before Russia was kicked out
and he also called for Russia to be
reinstated saying that they should be at
the table so that they can solve the
world's problems together naturally some
leaders were opposed to this including
Makran and Merkel but first in
background a Crimea joined Russia after
a referendum was held we're almost 97%
of the population voted to join Russia
and international observers were present
at this referendum but it's pretty big
that this is all coming from a u.s.
president so we'll just have to see what
happens
yeah White House spokesperson Sarah
Saunders declined to expand any more on
Donald Trump's remarks not aware of any
comment like that I know it's been
reported but I'm not gonna comment on a
private conversation I wasn't a part of
that I don't have information on
you
