and let me remind about some pieces of
statistics about some facts related to
the organization of this event the final
match will take place 15th July in a
month but even now the informational
agency is not on the Russian but also
global agencies mansion and note the
great scale and positive atmosphere of
Russia's World Cup this World Cup will
accept athletes at 12 stadiums that will
host 579 thousand years in eleven
Russian cities Moscow st. Petersburg
Samara Nizhny Novgorod Ekaterinburg
saransk Volgograd Kaliningrad
rostov-on-don and Sochi's more than two
million fans from all over the world
have come to participate in this event
national teams from 32 countries will
compete to be called the world's
champion official mascot as my colleague
this wolf
zabi waka and the official football ball
has already visited the international
space station the organising committee
reports about the beginning of the work
of the international center of police
collision that will provide for security
at the World Cup
this Center will bring together about
150 police officials from 32 member
states the main bulk of our fans will be
situated in Moscow that is why they have
taken additional safety and security
measures we have launched special
shuttle buses in order to transport the
fans we have added about 100 buses that
are decorated with the symbolics of the
World Cup there will also be additional
means of transportation like commuter
trains air expresses and
so on and so forth and oh and they will
be free of charge
the officials working at the Metro taxi
drivers have finished special language
courses more than one at a half thousand
hotels providing for more than two
hundred thousand rooms were qualified in
order to accept the guests of the world
cup we have published more than a
million of free Moscow guides that will
be available at the hotels airports and
like that very well early terminals we
have also mounted specialized shields
and screens that will display the
information about the World Cup all this
data and the statistics is presented at
the official website of the organising
committee and digest I remind you of
that in order to pay your attention to
the official website and in order to do
to give you an opportunity to receive
information from the first hand I'd also
like to remind you that the matches and
related events in Moscow because Moscow
is the chief host city that will host
about that will host twelve matches so
in Moscow we will engage more than 8,000
volunteers most common 12 us and guests
of our city will be able to visit about
70 phonetic events and 20 sematic
exhibitions in museums 32 stationery
medical aid stations will be will be
open 55 teams providing first medical
aid will be active in order to ensure
the medical security and safety
World Cup facilities will be equipped
with 180 medical aid stations more than
60,000 stewards
tray
in order to work at the sixty-four
matches of the World Cup host series
restored twelve airports and for example
in rostov-on-don the airport was built
from scratch we built seven new stadiums
and 27 new hotels about 70,000
volunteers of the organizing committee
russia 2018 are engaged seven percent of
them being foreigners from 112 countries
and 18,000 city volunteers we accepted
we received 177 bids from those villain
to become volunteers average age of the
volunteer is 24 years the oldest one of
them is aged 80 they will be 728 free
trains running between the host cities
of the World Cup between Kaliningrad and
the Ekaterinburg the east most and the
west most cities of the championship the
distance is more than two and a half
thousand kilometers this is a vast
distance the host cities will organize
more than 500 cultural events centers
for media will be opened theatres they
expected TV public of the World Cup is 3
billion people matches will be broadcast
by 196 TV broadcasters in more than 200
countries the cities of the World Cup
will organize festivals for fans the
so-called scientists that will be open
not only during the matches but
throughout the World Cup those fan fests
will be open for more than two hundred
seventeen thousand people
they will be they will provide for
entertainment for the zones where one
can watch matches have a look at FIFA
stands and it will be free of charge the
long-term annual effect of a World Cup
2018 in five year perspective will
account for 150 to 210 billion rubles
these are however preliminary
assessments you can familiarize yourself
with them at the correspondent resources
that I have already mentioned and that
will that you will be able to find in
the script of our today's briefing we
hope that your colors and your reports
will also be objective we are happy that
the myths previously launched and we are
already used to eat such myths exist
before any international events
organized in Moscow however those myths
disappear themselves because people can
see with their own eyes the level of the
organization of this vital info in turn
a tional event and I'd like to say
welcome to you one more time I'd like to
pay attention to great interest on the
part of journalists including foreign
journalists global journalists towards
this World Cup and many of them were
interested to work to cover the events
related to 2018 world cultures I'd like
to remind you of that and proceeded to
receive accreditation for the
journalists expressed a desire to work
at the World Cup outside FIFA
accreditation city centre City Press
Center's stand ready folder exists in
all the host cities of the World Cup
there operated by Information Agency
Rossi won Russia today and it has
processed about three
and half thousand bits from foreign
states city press centers were created
specially for media representatives who
do not have official accreditation of
FIFA and for independent journalists
bloggers who intend to deform their
professional activity at the territory
of the Russian Federation to cover the
World Cup I repeat every host city of
the broad cup has such media centers
they organize press conferences
briefings video bridges have an
opportunity to visit city tourist master
classes the presentation of the region
in order to get to know the
peculiarities and advantages of the city
they sedated and the most important
thing is that all the matches will the
bhrastika broadcast live for those
centers the accreditation that
journalists will receive will enable
them to work in 17 subjects and federal
federal units of the Russian Federation
where all the eleven host cities are
located as well as in additional six
federal units where the training bases
for national national teams are situated
you can get to know the media centers
the official website the link will be
posted in the script of our briefings
and at the website of the ministry as
well you can find all the links there
before the World Cup we register
increased interest of foreign media who
wanted to send their special journalists
to Russia this category of journalists
either do not have FIFA accreditation or
would like to receive the accreditation
of Russian Foreign Ministry and as of
today the Foreign Ministry has received
more than 700 applies to receive the
journalists license of Minister for
Foreign Affairs and we actively work
with those bids and try to answer all so
let us switch over to the traditional
part of our briefing terminating the
previous part I'd like to say that we
invite you all to visit one of the city
media centers in order to participate at
the briefing of the official
representative of the ministry for
Foreign Affairs I mean that the next
briefing will not be held here but in
one of the host cities post the
corresponding information and preview
and the information that will be needed
for you in order to get our
accreditations so the briefing on
Wednesday next week will not be held
here in Moscow but in some other city
which one it is a surprise yet so I
would traditional agenda the schedule of
the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the
Russian Federation Sergey Lavrov 22 21st
June UN Secretary General Antonio
Guterres will visit Russia following the
invitation of the President of the
Russian Federation he will meet with the
President and with the Minister for
Foreign Affairs as well the tool is
scheduled or between this
secretary-general of the United Nations
with the patriarch of Moscow and the
whole of Russia
besides I understand good Tarrasch will
speak
the international discussions could both
die and build and here is it our World
Cup he has already done it on lives by
visiting the specialized fan zone
organized in UN headquarters in U and UN
in New York you have had an opportunity
to see the pictures to see the
secretary-general and members of
Secretariat she celebrated the kickoff
of the World Cup yesterday we do not
know if there were any precedence of
such such thing of such idea we can say
that it was for the first time when the
members of the Security Council for
example conducted their meetings dressed
in in t-shirts displaying the symbolic
of their national teams the UN
secretary-general visit a specialized
fan zone in the headquarters which sent
off a message to the world the policy
has to assist sports and not to
interfere where the idea was that we
have to get together to be united in
order to conduct the events that are
really important for peace and for the
whole planet and for our nation's and
here we get back to the visit of mr.
Gutteridge to Russia the agenda will
include the discussions of the state of
the current state of international
affairs the crisis of multilateral
nature of global diplomacy the role of
UN Security Council in the resolving of
present international and regional
issues including Syria and other issues
related to the ties between Russia and
UN in the context of
70 year anniversary since the beginning
of UN activities in Russia this nation
in Syria remains very complicated and
the Russian military servicemen in the
framework of the ceasefire regime assist
the local truces given the decisive
battle with terrorism together with the
Syrian government they perform the
settling events in hama and homs
provinces military police maintains
security and public order the liberated
territories Russian specialists and
demining teams conducts demanding
actions in eastern Bhutan the situation
in the escalation zones is assessed as
stable Syrian authorities will look at
the normalization of humanitarian
setting they overcome the after-effects
of military actions in the settlements
where those actions were in place for
example the city of Erbil in Easton guta
has restored providing medical aid to
the population the bodies of the local
self-government together with the Syrian
Red Crescent committee have restored the
food and water supplies in Homs province
Syrian energy workers restored
high-voltage energy supply lines people
get back to their homes
politically
efforts are taken to form constitutional
committee under UN auspices and to
launch the world to develop Syrian
Constitution according to two to five
taking into account the results of the
Syrian National Dialogue in Sochi
military successes of the government of
Syria in countering terrorism make it
necessary for the external forces to
think of the their further political
lines at the same time at the territory
of Syria there is still illegal foreign
presence in the controlled
in the regions controlled by foreign
forces they're still attempt to be seen
to organize parallel government bodies
yes that coalition still tries to divide
all the terrorists into bed and not too
bad
such approaches as we have multiple note
do not contribute to the political
resolution and stabilization of the
situation in Syria they preserve the
conflict conflict capacity and create
prerequisite prerequisites for new
threats to regional and global security
we'd like to underline that peaceful
settlement in Syria should go forth and
not be leashed back that just this house
that is linked to the situation in Syria
that is the scene that unleashes itself
at the conference on Disarmament in
Geneva it all raises significant
concerns with us just a moment so the
situation I am speaking about is the
following the US and Israel have taken a
destructive position towards event a
fool
they are almost boycotting the work of
the Convention on disarmament and eight
agencies in order to hinder the normal
activities of the forum while series
chairing it their chairmanship of Syria
started on the 28th of May and the last
till the 24th of June thus of the
delegations have minimized their
presence Dioner into their plenary
sessions and given up their unofficial
events at the sidelines of the
conference as well as bilateral contact
with the Syrian delegation together with
their allies these are Australia
Bulgaria the UK Germany Canada the
Netherlands New Zealand Poland turkey
France South Korea and Japan the
delegations of the US and Israel are
trying to politicize the work of the
Commission
unfounded accusations against the mask
on the application of chemical weapons
and the infringement of the conference
on the OPCW conventions I've been
brought to attention as well as
agreements that I usually mentioned and
in context they it tries to legitimate
the attempts to strip Syria from the
opportunity to share the conference that
is strange because it doesn't comply
with other activities of Syria within
the United Nations who could have
developed with that however about the
novelties and attempts not just to twist
or even rewrite the procedures of the
United Nations as well as the guidelines
of its operation well I'll elaborate
upon this issue a bit later but these
are not just attempts to revise but are
to twist to distort in order to comply
with the interest of two single states I
think about that a bit later too so
everything that happens at the Geneva
platform and at the conference on
Disarmament is accompanied by the
massive propaganda
unfortunately international media of
Sweetland are involved in this mess as
far as we understand that that is an
attempt to sabotage the conference it's
undermining the efforts Syrian and
Russian to find consensus in order to
restore the constructive approach
towards tackling the issues we'd like to
attract your attention to the
inadmissibility
struction of syria that was staged by
the western states are likely to try to
shift the blame on someone else for the
disruption of the work of the conference
however we know that the manipulations
of the kind especially the platforms of
the international affairs are often to
be observed the geneva platform I mean
the conference on Disarmament you see
here no one even tries to somehow keep a
taciturn in what ways the issues of
disarmament are being solved here we
have just a by court some other
platforms like the New York one or the
OPCW one can be kept a bit more silent
by the trends are the same and switch
into the topic of OPCW I'd like to
comment upon the report done by the OPCW
on specifying the facts of the chemical
weapons application the 24th 25th of May
on figuring out whether the application
took place or not I'm speaking about the
alleged chemical incidence in the Hama
province in 2017 24th 25th of March the
remote principle of conducting trials
based upon the facts provided by some
non-governmental organizations as well
as open social networks and some alleged
medical results overused to so the
mission has drawn the following
conclusions the wording of a conclusion
unfortunately isn't happy one
they're in a hora it was quite possible
if the fact that they're in and chlorine
were applied is a high level of
probability become you famous recently
so the methods used are far from those
that are recommended for gathering and
analyzing information however the
specifications and guidelines are
inscripted in conventions and documents
OPCW I'd like to underscore the mission
has stated on paper that it failed to go
on site because the site was under
control of the opposition forces and
thus they couldn't example themselves
and they couldn't speak to the
eyewitnesses thus these activities
didn't take place at all that is the
question now whether there were any
negotiations and interviews whether they
tried to with it the place of the
incident and why if they did they
received a no permission it's a
violation of a UN Convention of the
conclusions were based on some
substantial samples that were provided
by some anonymous I'd like to underscore
anonymous people that were acting on
site thus the cornerstone guideline is
violated that is the chain of custody
and the question is that is also the
following why were the report released
almost a year after the chemical attacks
are registered what well you cannot have
after such a long period of time I'd
also like to point out
the alleged application of chemical
weapons on the 30th of March of 2017 is
a piece of news for the for scar means
possible prolongation of the mandate
within the UN and the OPC at that time
our Western colleagues encouraged by the
OPCW Secretariat spoke about the fact
that yet another document was to be
released soon encompassing information
on at least 60 alleged incidents
starting with the year 2016 it goes
without saying no document was released
and it couldn't be released no substance
for it as of today there is a number of
materials that speak of the alleged
Russian source of the Zarine applied
what can one say about that political
order on the eve of the special session
of the member states of the OPCW which
is to be held in the hague at the end of
June that is quite a classic
falsification scheme just provided the
materials and coming up with them on the
eve of the events dedicated to the
issues in question that is a very crude
propaganda method an attempt to link not
a true integrals investigation and trial
the integrity in the search for truth
nothing like that just cooking up the
materials search the world in our
opinion nicely described
the whole process that is manipulation
of facts I believe that these
manipulations are events of separate
pieces of information and trustful
pieces of information constitute a
puzzle of fakes and facts and it goes
without saying that the document that
has emerged upon the water upon the meal
of the Western countries they want to
implement the initiative of granting
attributed functions to the Secretariat
of OPCW and it will not be surprising if
we see another report on the alleged
Duma incident despite all of the proof
that was provided by the Russian side
that it was a staged one it goes without
saying that our washing Tommy resorted
to any means in order to justify their
aggression towards Syria the Russian
Federation remains unchanged the true
culprits should be found and brought to
justice for that one needs to conduct a
full-fledged trial in full compliance
with the OPCW guidelines and standards
politicized imitations unacceptable here
especially that edit another result
towards the conclusions premade in
Washington all this again this
background Russia polls on all the
parties are to carry out relevant
investigation in compliance with
Garland's and conventions of OPCW it is
necessary to involve the investigation
facilities that would be feature and
integrity unfortunately our initiatives
are regularly blocked
and now switching to another topic as
you know on the 13th of June in the
framework of a renewed session of the UN
General Assembly a new resolution around
the and protection of the people of
Palestine was introduced support to this
document was expressed by 120 states
including the Russian Federation on the
edge state voted against the document
including the u.s. like to underscore on
the eight states voted against the
document earlier a similar project was
considered by the UN Security Council on
the 5th of June however it was not
adopted because it was the US delegation
that applied the Vetal right it was the
only one that voted against at the
council in compliance with the
resolution of the secretary-general of
the UN 60 days a report will be
presented with the recommendations to
ensure safety and security of civilian
population on the Palestinian soil
including the mechanisms of
international protection and safeguards
proposed by Washington didn't receive
any support because it shifted the focus
of the document towards the condemnation
of the Hamas activities and to change
the essence of the document no success
that is the characteristic not only of
this point but also of the activities of
the US delegation I'd like to point out
that the special session and the vote in
that took place became I know it's quite
it turned out to be an international
referendum regarding the u.s. policy in
the Middle East
and a separate wakeup home to the u.s.
UN delegation on the way one should
perceive the activities of the United
Nations Organization in what way a
country should conduct its policy
proceeding of course from the national
interests but at the same time with
respect paid to the international law
and other countries and people's it goes
without saying that the majority of
countries do not allow for the universal
sign of the US delegation that ignores
the rich no free legal framework
considering the Palestinian settlement
there is such a terms to help the
procedure rooms of the General Assembly
that is undermining the decisions of the
chairmanships and of the assembly as
such in this case it didn't we all could
see that now speaking about the
situation of the Korean Peninsula the
Russian Federation appreciated the
improvement North Korea and the u.s. the
maintenance of dialogue and the
prospective solution to a number of
issues if it was about that this
positive steps in compliance with the
Russian China roadmap that was developed
on the step-by-step settlement in this
case quite so can be the modification
and revision of the sanction regime
against the North Korea besides the
Security Council of the UN has
repeatedly stated the charged
developments
quite possible we see progress and thus
we can expect progress as all the
autonomous sanctions against even apart
from the UN Security Council sanctions
or even on top of them you know our
stance we do not support such actions we
call on the soonest possible relief of
all the unilateral restrictions
including the center secondary sanctions
of extraterritorial activities where the
sidelines of the International
Conference European Maritime team in the
Bulgarian see to burgers with the
participation of Wella Commissioner and
the Bulgarian Minister of Transport a
meeting was held of the political
representatives of the Black Sea region
States Russia Bulgaria Georgia Moldova
Romania Turkey and Ukraine number /
senior officials were present including
those of the OBC as the use all the
possible potential of the maritime
economy was discussed the potential was
to be promoted and a joint declaration
was undertaken towards a common maritime
agenda for the Black Sea a joint package
of measures is being developed by the
port is important the development of
cargo and passenger communications
maritime and coastal tourism boost of
the maritime research sector as well as
providing specialized professional
training and boosting investments into
the area the whole package of measures
planned for adoption for the year 2019
we point out the constructive yield and
strive for respectful dialogue mutual
benefit of calibration as well as
harmonized work of the number states
within the EU and regional organizations
while preparing the declaration we hope
that we are moving on the right track
and will I can't say that we have
received multiple questions from Italian
media international Russian media as
well asking us to comment on the new
Italian government and train into office
we have answered all those questions
individually taking into account the
fact that they were very numerous I'd
like to answer them now as well and to
voice our position this topic has caused
serious attention and we have received
many letters and requests I'd like to
say the following Russia traditionally
views their events in the political life
of other countries solely as a domestic
affair of those countries and things
that given a deal given some assessments
or comments is not acceptable at the
same time we have taken notice of the
fact that on the first of June in Italy
the new coalition government
administered and an oath it was formed
as a result of the political elections
that took place on the 4th of March at
the very same time the President of the
Russian Federation Vladimir Putin
congratulated mr. Conti on his entry
into office of the chairman of the
Ministerial Council of the Italian
Republic Russian Foreign Minister sent a
telegram to congratulate the new
Minister for Foreign Affairs and
international cooperation mr. Moore
there omean AZ where he expressed his
hope to continue our joint efforts to
strengthen a multi light multilateral
Russian Italian corporation and the
search for mutually acceptable
decisions for international problems but
also asked to connect the to comment on
the statement about the alleged close
tie between the Terran fighter lega Nord
and Russian authorities unfortunately as
every our briefing we have to comment on
informational influxes about some
alleged cases of interference of our
country into somebody's affairs here I'd
like to underline that the topic that we
are now speaking about was launched by
forces that are located outside the
Italian peninsula here I mean an
American financier and billionaire the
creator of a network of so-called
charity organizations mr. Soros whose
name has long been associated with
international scandals and provocations
so this is false information
apparently it's aimed to threaten Europe
with the myths about Moscow's long hand
to undermine the friendly environment of
Russian Italian relations and to cast a
shadow over the new coalitional
government of Italy that was formed as a
result of parliamentary elections on the
4th of March everybody knows that both
in Russia and in Italy there has long
been establishing national consensus
relating to the importance and priority
of the development of Russian Italian
corporation this is the objective
reality that both Moscow and Italy will
be guided when building our bilateral
dialogue was Rome we keep an eye on the
situation around a Russian citizen your
offender who was kidnapped by American
intelligence services from Libya in 2010
as you know
he is now in the United States serving
his 20-year long prison punishment to
which he was sentenced on the basis of
some devious accusations of the false
agents we have information that mr.
yarrow shank is planned to be
transferred to another prison this fact
was explained by here about his private
security and the fact that he was
allegedly attacked by another prisoner
so far neither Russian consular
officials in the US no mr. gyro Schenk
knows about the new place of
imprisonment
however he has already been sent to
interim facility in New York as soon as
we get information about the new place
for imprisonment of our citizen our
consular officials will connect and
reach out mr. Gura shank and visit him
in order to make sure that the
conditions will be favorable and that
his health state is positive because his
health was harshly undermined as a
result of a severe beating which he
underwent while he was being kidnapped
we still stand for the return of mr.
Shenker to Russia on the basis of the
convention of the Soviet of Europe of
1983 three about transfer of prisoners
the US authorities refused this but we
still try to achieve this fact they had
also taken notice about the statement
made by the Ministry of Defense of
Norway where the ministry gives its
consent to increase of the American
marines contingent
created at the Norwegian territory in
fact it is going to be doubled from two
houses
332 up to 700 people it is also about
the broadening of the geography of this
contingent towards the north towards the
north towards the border with Russia
with the Russian Federation's within
that such measures actually put a cross
on the Norwegian policy of
non-deployment at their territory of
permanent military bases in the
peacetime we think that such actions
around counter to the previous
commitment to abstain from deploying new
military formations
unless Norway is attacked or threatened
so what sort of threat or attack are we
talking now has there been such an
attack no it is known that at the
highest level Norway has multiple stated
that our country I mean Russia presents
no threat there is American there are
American Marines deployed at the
territory of Norway so probably it is
the United States that has attacked
Norway we do not know as for the
arguments that the forces will be
deployed at a rotational basis this
statement should not mislead us because
the military servicemen will rotate but
their presence will be permanent we call
for the Norwegian side to listen to our
assessments of what's going on in order
to regulate the situation and not to
destroy the positive environment and
friendly relationship that has been
developed between our countries in our
neighboring region
catalyst power now the topic that has we
fortunately become for verbal tragic and
comic at the same time the situation
around the screep Al's case this tragic
comedy is going on for several months
they have taken notice of the British
attempts to make the scoop Al's case go
international by using it at the g7
summit in Canada have paid attention to
the fact that Home Office has introduced
opponent bill on protection of Great
Britain against the activity of hostile
States which was prepared to follow the
concerns voiced by Prime Minister may we
see that these allegations present the
basis for British political activity I'd
like to pay attention to the fact that
last week London police asked Salisbury
citizens to contact police and report
any information about the accident in
case they have it is it normal several
months have already gone by apparently
this situation is too bad there you know
it would be funny had it not been that
sad because it shows the politicizing
and lack of any real progress in the
investigation following the words of a
London Police Deputy Commissioner mr.
Haydon the investigation goes on on
several tracks which we cannot yet
discuss at this stage it means that the
version of scruples be
poisoned by northern chalk is not the is
not the each mean which means that the
accusations towards the Russian side
look more and more far-fetched all those
circumstances prove the provocation on
motives of the British authorities in
their striving to use the scrip as case
for the sake of their entire Russian
girls and to hide the British track the
track of British intelligence services
in this provocation and Salisbury we
have seen the interview given by
ambassador Bristow to one of Russian
media outlets I think it is a good
tradition to comment on mr. Bristo
statements he touched upon the issue of
Russian Philby in Great Britain and he
said and here I would like to decide
ambassador of Great Britain said that I
quote he does not know a single Russian
so a person who is a Russian phobic in
Great Britain is it the untruth that he
knows about and still says it or is it
the truth that he believes in which will
then show the lack of certain historical
knowledge of mr. Bristow because there
is
plenty of specialized literature which
was not published in Russia which was
published abroad it was also published
in Great Britain itself as well as in
France and Switzerland in Italy in other
states and this is the literature is
about this the formation of this
anti-russian image being formed in
Europe and in the United States probably
we will publish lists of these books in
order not to cite them all the time I
repeat that those books published in not
in Russia but in other states like Great
Britain as well and though I'd like to
introduce mr. Bristow to some historic
literature on Russian phobia many
historians and I've read many historic
studies think that the starting point
for the phenomenon of Russian phobia in
British political establishment so the
starting point for this Russian phobia
for the years evident for the
development so the starting point is
believed to be the victory of Russian
Emperor Alexander the first open the
poem Englishmen who are our allies in
this war understood that probably I
repeat that I only cite historic studies
this is not an official position that
since we have to listen to such
statements made by British diplomats we
just want to remind them of some
historic developments
so one of the reasons why this fear
first be seen after Europe understood
that if Russians managed to enter Paris
after liberating their own country in 80
in 1814 then they can probably answer
any other capital of any other country
that would like to repeat Napoleon's
experience deeper into history those
representatives British political
establishment were not not afraid to
lose their national territory but they
were afraid to lose their spheres of
interest the areas of interest in Asia
for example in India because back at
British propaganda makers made use of
one of the most absurd historic
falsifications in history which is the
so called testament of Peter the Great
on the basis of this document which was
widely cited in British media and even
in British Parliament on the basis of
this document people were threatened
with it and it was presented as Russia's
plan to serve Europe and to conquer it
this so-called testament allegedly
included a decree that stipulated
Russia's intentions to conquer to
conquer Europe and spoke about the
divine mission of Russia
ponies and the balloons trembling and
actually the first man to use this
falsification was Napoleon himself who
needed to justify his activities somehow
I'd like to say that this was this
Testament was false it was a false one
and later on after some years it was
proven officially that this Testament
was false but this is a fine example of
how by using historic examples one can
justify for any absurd political
activities like breathing did so I won't
go deeper into it but just three see
another couple of examples in 1830
Minister Foreign Office of Great Britain
was headed by this count Henry Pohl no
stone with his name historians the
establishment of Russian phobia as
ideology I'd like to remind you that it
was Palmerston who was the chief
inspirer of the crimean war with russia
of 1853 1856
we cannot side a pamphlet of the russian
poet al syria that was first printed in
7f july newspaper in 1854 where he says
that the only way palmer stone can
defeat a feat russia is by poking its
territory on the map and that
the very same vocabulary that was to be
seen in British press during the Crimean
War has been used over the recent
century and the very same vocabulary is
used today there were many people in
British press and in Parliament in
academia exploited the topic of Russian
phobia unfortunately understand that it
was commissioned it were commissioned
activities here is an example of
Scottish journalists believe say
systematically who would publish some
nonsense about Russia and the evidence
of that is preserved in the historical
archives and documents for example a
similar situation
I wouldn't even elaborate upon this
thought of the 20th century
another crying example that is almost on
the same level of sulphate testamento of
Peter the Great this time for the 25th
of October we have some falsified layer
letter of mr. as you know by the one of
the Communist Party groups mr. Zhdanov
even his assistants there was a quite
and unambiguous Communist Party is
getting ready for an attack on the state
and not without the support from abroad
once again I stress it was faked
were well-known to the British
authorities they knew that quite well
once again I'd refer to the archives in
1990s of a foreign office ambassador
Cooke open the archives to the world and
it was proven that the letter or was a
provocation against the Soviet Union
that was to ignite hysteria in order to
breathe conservative power today
we see similar methods employed by Great
Britain that remained unchanged for at
least two or even three hundred of years
today we have some proof emerging from
the opened archives this handful
historical examples seem to be a matter
of times long gone by counterparts then
we have some more more than examples
quotations and statements perhaps even
one quantity will be enough from the
modern history 1991 Houston ex Prime
Minister of Great Britain was teacher
she stated the following and if someone
would say that there was no such
declaration that we would be happy to
hear that
however the documents prove that there
was according to the estimations of the
world community economically and
reasonable is on the 15 million of
people even at the territory of Russia
is that a normal kind of statement 1991
and what will they also 130 million
people of Russia do them what kind of a
declaration it is
they are not rusev you you know even the
thesis that was actively incorporating
into the discourse used by the members
of parliament journalists and
politicians of Great Britain
I wouldn't even dwell upon that you know
that went well some more new examples
2015 James Cameron the major national
threat for his country mr. Brewster did
you know about that statements about
statements of Miss me and miss Johnson I
wouldn't like to elaborate upon that
truly humorous examples islets refer to
some point that close to the people of a
country they are representing I'll refer
to the research published in 1950s by
how about the universal mr. John hosts
listen dinner assertion I quote Rousseff
phobia is a paradox of the British
history in the beginning of the 19th
century Great Britain developed a
version to Russia that soon became the
most characteristic and long-lived
element of the national vision of the
world
it's on the one axis if you want to
convey it's available on the Internet
and besides why did this kind of it's a
phobia get so deeply rooted in the
establishment of Great Britain several
publishers ready to consider through
this question for example an article of
an ex-cia official Philip Geraldine
it was titled to hate against Russia
stainable book consistent the supports
the image of an enemy regarding Russia
and provides an interesting opinion mr.
Alda said that I couldn't heal estate
needs leverage to justify the polls is
that in some other situation absolutely
senseless straits an enemy to justify
just the same work is used to the image
so that the state could be strong enough
enough and justified strength by
ensuring the security of the population
and it does according to mr. Jayram the
rusa phobia to be an instrument a tool
for justification of internal policy of
a great number of states it's absolutely
true about Salisbury no doubt it was the
story that was needed apart from serving
in two issues it also demonstrated that
the government was a hold in Great
Britain at the forefront of political
activities if one cannot settle crisis's
one can create them and it was a classic
example of such a mode of operation I
would also like to remind to the British
ambassador about some practical steps
undertaken apart from political
statements there is a great number of
miners a few big activities that we see
quite a lot of them
Cronan depict Abel in the London to play
in 2016 really recombination there was a
billboard placed by the publishing house
from the world literature of the project
printed out the quotation from Turgenev
normal father and children it was ripped
out of its context it was a quotation of
the Guinea bazzara it was stated
liberalism progress principles useless
words no need of Russians it was of the
context and no one mentioned that Tim
Bazarov was a character that denied all
the principles the constant principles
of the society and that was the essence
of his a tragical destiny thus are the
sense and the message were significantly
distorted it was just soon that Russia
is a source of historical threat why
does one do that so mr. Bristo we are
looking forward to you and your
statements will like them they're so
inspiring it's another tool to heaven to
do this propaganda at this time less
historical essence however much practice
the activities of virtually in Twitter
you have numerously
about interferences and just recently in
the social media one of the Facebook
users published a screenshot of the
Deutsche Welle
derails what is the problem the problem
is that each meeting candidates a
publish any critical articles address in
any state and any political party is
their right this was the screenshot a
material an article that was published
the one is prepaid a commercial an
article that conveys political opinion
is like any commercial presented the
media so it's it's not just some media
but the one that is financed by German
state that is quite for the fueler
regard in the media that constantly
stresses its independence and the
necessity over in true independence of
media along the world suddenly pay money
to publish and promote like a commercial
like an advertisement such materials
notice is being promoted thus Bluestein
a huge political shoe you know the
British side likes to approach us about
Russia today so the information provided
by users to this time it was received
information provided by users you know
the person's name to him for the
material he provided we conducted so to
say a journalist trial I'll elaborate
upon that and there will be pictures you
see an example
all these special signs and symbols it
was not provided by us that something
provided back to us by the users and the
question was or whether it was normal
whether it was normal to promote such
politically motivated materials as
political advertisement and commercial
that's the problem of the murder of
promotion we contacted the official
denial that they engage in such
activities for promoting politically
motivated materials for money
however they either yes or no they took
some time to own an official request to
figure out what was going on it's really
interesting this is a new type of
commercial and advertisement they try to
trace the whole story of the emergence
of such materials where they attempt a
certain opinion among the
russian-speaking auditorium is being
carried out it is not the matter of
journalism although it might have been
strange that a stance is being
contributed it's not journalism it's
propaganda and it's done officially for
money that is a propaganda strategy and
I'd like to underline once again we are
speaking about a government financial
support of the SMM technology experts
quite well spread is the commercial
target when from a piece of news a post
or a tweet is chosen and then promoted
to the largest
possible auditorium with specifications
of a country gender and age of the
targeted audience the process is on for
a long time that such tweets emerge in
the news lines of users premiere here
you see what the example is that in the
news line over Twitter counted virtually
the same tree doesn't have the label of
being promoted it is a manipulation
product is the face at least we see this
way we await explanation from Deutsche
Welle and it would be nice to get some
explanation from Twitter
how can one product be at the same time
promoted and free that is commercial
should be mod promoted how we have an
example that this promotion sign can
appear it can be held invisible thus we
are fully waiting for an official
response from Deutsche Welle and Twitter
slide another picture please slide Oh
this picture is quite common for us to
speak it is allowed the opportunities of
commercial targeting allow for increased
size influence on certain audience
what is the evidence of the Deutsche
Welle and her financial debt the
question for Deutsche Welle to answer
the question asked was quite direct here
you see the same quotation but at the
news line without any signs that this is
commercial material this very story I'd
like to know so thank you very much and
now let us switch to the messages coming
from the Czech Republic the creation in
1945 this memorial plate rules of the
brush crowd that makes the desecration
even more outrageous we would like to
send the president of the Czech Republic
personally contributed to the repayment
of the memorial we hope that the
culprits will face justice the secretion
desecrated was a memorial the soviet
intelligence officers that died in 1944
while liberating Poland from Hitler
occupation the monument has a
significant list suffered the bell
relief was broken off the wall and
obscene words were written on that that
is yet a recurrence in the November the
memorial was shot
of another barbarian attack this is
impunity encouraged by the failure of
the Polish government Polish government
own Putin and an end to the rusev will
be ready in vast over the land we insist
that also carries on its obligations
within the international framework as
well as sticks to the humane norms of
respect to the memory I stand ready to
answer your questions if there are any
yes please brav news agency I'd like to
ask you though the information has not
been checked yet we have information
that Donald Trump during g7 family has
said that the Crimean Peninsula is a
part of Russia because a Russian is
spoken there what's your opinion of it
does it mean that there will be a u-turn
and global policy relating to the Crimea
in Russia I think that the Russian
Federation at all levels has said
multiple said that the discussions of
the Crimean status is a closed topic we
hear a plenty of statements about it
there are anti Crimean statements that
are offensive for all the crimeans on
the contrary there are also statements
that registered the objective reality
that invite people to visit the Crimea
in order to see the objective reality
there there are many of such statements
as for the Russian Federation we have
stated it on multiple on all the levels
at all
the levels that the any discussions of
the status of the Crimean have been
terminated if there are any other
questions regarding the status of the
Crimea have a look at the constitution
of the Russian Federation as to what was
said behind the closed doors is not what
we deal with as far as I know American
official representatives refused to
comment on that
as for the leakages of information there
are many of them some of them look -
some of them don't
so I'd like to underline the Russian
position on this issue has not changed
good afternoon Japan Japanese
Information Agency at the summit between
the u.s. and TDR ka Korea has underlined
the striving to dig nuclearization and
in this regard is Russia planning to
participate in the disarmament of the
Korean Peninsula and if yes which role
it's going to take on we have noticed
the positive dynamics that is to be seen
at the Korean Peninsula and we welcome
it I mean the dynamics that is related
to the summits that have taken place and
the dynamics thats related to the
negotiations and to the meetings
as for the disarmament problematics
there are international agencies and
bodies that deal with these issues and
that have to be instrumental and that
has to play the major role in this issue
if Russia's participation is required in
a in a status of a member state of such
organizations or as a separate state
that has vast experience Russia will
stand ready for any cooperation
yes please madam Zahara may I
congratulate
you and your national team whether the
fine
victory I'm in football after the
football match between Russia and Saudi
Arabia was terminated
President Putin held a small meeting of
cis heads of states that were present at
the match and introduced new prime
minister of Armenia to President of
Azerbaijan and this information has been
efficient officially proven that is why
here is my question what's your opinion
I know that you do not generally comment
on the presidential affairs but still
can it be another boost to bring you the
activities you do not you shouldn't mix
the four mates
there are pellet role for mates there
are multilateral for mates of the heads
of states and there are problems that
have specialized for mates for resolving
surely the presence of positive
environment and atmosphere will help to
to boost the negotiations process of the
problem that you have mentioned but
still the format's are different you
know absolutely any preparations for a
meeting of a President Putin with
President Trump are there a concrete
variants and dates for such a meeting
you know there are the issues of summits
and meetings of presidents as the
prerogative of president's
administration but as far as I
understand President Putin has tasked
the foreign minister to deal with it I
can tell you for sure that Russia and
Russian American colleagues stand in
close contact on a wide range of issues
that's what I can see
for sure as for the organizational
issues of the highest segment meetings
this is the thing to be commented by the
president administration this is the
tradition with our country yes please
good afternoon madam Zahara birth
information or agency I've long wanted
to see you with my own eyes so to speak
but something prevented you from doing
so yes avail of your invitation to visit
Sochi problems with my colleague from
CNN I have a question about Estonia
where better book fairy was arrested 11
crew members out of 12 do not have
Schengen visas they have electricity
energy power blackouts and that can lead
to anti sanitary environment so does the
Foreign Minister of Russia watched the
fate of the crew and of this boat you
know Russian steamboat Peter booth has
been staying in Tallinn sport since and
of April since 28th of April this ship
was arrested because it had maintenance
debt here we talk about a significant
sum of 350,000 euro
besides this ship has dads the Estonian
companies for water supply for
electricity supply here we talk about
additional 50,000 euros the crew is as
large as 20 members and judging by the
information from the Embassy of Russia
in Estonia all the sales men were
retained repaid their salary debts for
February of this year and it's expected
that see too
Muro on Saturday the crew will hardly
change a three of them will default six
new members will arrive the new captain
of the ship has already arrived in
Tallinn and the members of the embassy
will be present during their new
salesman take over in order to find out
what are the basic needs of the Russian
citizens and what is to do in order to
make them help them get back home
this situation is also being monitored
by the Minister of Transportation of the
Russian Federation our embassy and
Estonia also keeps track on the
situation so those people have not been
left behind they're left alone and
forsaken I can tell you for sure that
the diplomats regularly visit the ship
know about all the latest developments
and do all they can in order to resolve
the situation again Information Agency
it is known that Afghanistan government
has declared this top of firing Taliban
and in response the fire was stopped for
three days what is your estimation of
this decision and what is the reef for
the developments what are the
developments likely to be we proceed
from the fact that any such steps that
help to decrease tension in the region
and that bring in additional stability
and that are constructive and important
that all such steps a positive for this
country and for the region as a whole
that's my initial comment I'll double
check it and probably provide for an
extended comment if there is a need yes
please good afternoon
neutral hotel
as we know in response to a deportation
of Russian diplomats from from US
Embassy Russia has taken reciprocal
steps to send out US diplomats have
there been replenished I have no such
particular information I will
double-check it Russian ambassador in
Serbia Alexander Chaplin in an article I
dedicated to the day of Russia in the
Serbian newspaper política said that
Russia can play a more active role in
the resolving of Kosovo issue if Serbia
asks for that we know the trash already
plays a certain role in this process
including in the activities at the UN
platform so what is your vision of the
space where the support can be enlarged
I have not seen this interview but it
seems to me that there that there was a
certain shift of accent I think the
question was if Russia can play an
additional role and this was an answer
to it but in case Serbia asks for it
Russia can play an increased role I
think that it was a mere answer to the
question voiced I don't think that it
was an initiative statement because
everything that Russia does everything
that Russia does regarding the issue
reflects the interests and the requests
of Serbia itself the state of survey of
the nation of Serbia this is not an
issue of Russian interests that are
imposed on the state it is a question of
Russia assisting Serbia following its
request to regulate this complicated and
highly dramatic these issues have to be
defined and this is our unchanged
position by Serbians themselves and
Russia will be there for them if needed
I want to tanta why and what is related
to the statement made by the Ambassador
I think that it can be surely viewed in
in the manner that you have just
described I also think so unfortunately
it is often the case that interviews can
be distorted when certain pieces of
information are ripped out of them and
then accents get get shifted but I think
that it is only about answering the
question that he received yes please
good good afternoon xx Information
Agency I have two questions first of all
yesterday's statement Minsk OSE Group
said about the possibility to organize a
meeting between the heads of Azerbaijan
and Armenia is there any information
about the date and the place of such
negotiations please address the Armenian
and Azerbaijani sides and I am sure that
they will stand ready to comment on the
possible meeting of their foreign
instance and another question at the
previous briefing we asked a question to
a deputy about the words of Emilien
prime minister the fact that
negotiations to settle nagorno-karabakh
conflict should go on in a trilateral
formate and mr. Corin said any loud
statements that do not fit into OSE
framework are not constructive and here
is a question in the script that was
published at the official website this
was substituted for your comment we'd
like to ask you to correct these
mistakes because the sense gets
distorted I'd like to ask you a question
as well I
so tedious about all the issues like
your teachers here because I have often
seen my words being distorted and the
words of my colleagues being distorted
and I cannot remember such a tedious
approach of yours to any other issue I
believe that our briefings are organized
in order to provide you with factual
essential answers that over three years
of my work I have come across various
situations where answers sound like
political statements and you know of it
and as I think this is done not to
facilitate the settlement of the
situation but to serve some other girls
so I address all of you any facts any
assessments are welcome we will answer
all of them but I do not think it's
possible and correct that answers can be
that the questions can be asked that
sound provocative especially in case
when those questions relate to very
controversial issues where the nations
of Armenia and Azerbaijan have to suffer
I'd like to say that you have not
contacted me in over there isn't two
weeks I have not received a single call
from Trent agency which is strange
because I think if this issue were that
important for you personally and for you
as a journalist you would find an
opportunity to reach out for us and ask
this question so why would you wait for
two more weeks to come here than and to
raise this issue in front of a broader
public do you want to provoke something
why our country did its best in order to
settle the issue of the garlic or Abbas
you know why because we want the two
nations to settle this problem related
to bloodshed in two sufferings and
secondly because we want to develop our
relations with both Armenia and
Azerbaijan and we want them to develop
their relationship relations with each
other and I believe that our
professional work should aim at bringing
this moment of unification closer and
not trying to put it aside there is only
one reason why I now tell you all of it
it is because over two weeks you did not
have an opportunity to reach out for me
you had a vacation we we did not want to
bother you but many people from
Azerbaijan contacted me and many people
who are present now in this very Hall
contacted me and received answers for
their questions and your agency did not
this is why I suggest that we should
walk in a constructive spirit and use
this opportunity of questions and
answers not to serve the provocative
goals but to settle our main problem
which is the settling of
nagorno-karabakh problem don't you agree
with me and I agree thank you are there
any other questions
a second round of questions yes please
informational agency news front
Bulgarian Edition Madam's a horrible
first role may congratulate you and all
the Russians of the Russian fans on the
brilliant opening and
victory of the national team yesterday
thank you and my question will be about
the global problem which is related to
military and the activities of the
United States close to Russian borders
recently minister Lavrov raised an issue
relating this same topic in Armenia and
I wanted to make sure about Georgia
recently with my colleague Ganton Jaguar
we went to Georgia for two weeks and
there we saw American diplomats who work
there and they travel using their
diplomatic vehicles and we managed to
collect evidence facts and documents
that will be presented in a documentary
that is why here is my question is it
possible that Russia impose sanctions
against the American individuals and
companies that have to do with this
activity because this activity is
financed by the Ministry of Defense of
the United States and because this do
you have evidence that there are
experiments in place on people which is
very dangerous not only for Russia but
for the whole world we prepared some
pieces of information that we can supply
your with if possible thank you please
give it to me after the briefing yes
please
thank you will study this information
provide your comments yes please I would
like to ask a question on m'lady nissan
the Ukrainian Ombudsman and the Animus
calico border Ombudsman and Russia has
accused her of an attempt to violate the
Russian legislation for
her attempt to meet who is mr. cents off
I would like to ask whether there were
any infringement or violations from the
side of the Denisova and what measures
in this case could bender take and at
the second point we spoke about no way
and I remembered about the TV series
they occupied produced together always
know in Sweden and these concerns
maybe the Norwegians are frightened of
their own series speaking about your
second issue question that is a typical
situation we try to comment upon these
propaganda steps I promise you we'll do
our best to try and convene a list of a
propaganda materials books films and so
on that will show how demonizing Russia
is used in practice
denisa
I do not have this information I know
that as a result of a telephone talk of
the President of the Russian Federation
and Ukraine an agreement was taken that
the Ombudsman
of both countries I mean a crane and
Russia will visit people that are
currently detained I know that the work
is carried out for the preparation of
the visit I do not have detailed
information I'll double-check it we are
waiting for the information from the
source if you do not have any more
questions I request you to follow the
side of our ministry there will be an
announced and invitation of you artists
one of the Russian cities that host the
World Cup and on Wednesday will have a
regular briefing there I'm looking
forward to seeing what way them city and
town presenters work I
or want to see a stadium in a new city
everything is organized in they're very
interested in an efficient manner I am
looking forward for meeting you there if
were someone cannot come then you can
send your questions in a advance that
will try to answer them
thank you very much thank you for your
congratulations on the kick-off of the
World Cup and thank you from
congratulate in our team see you
