hashtag baby
this whole schedule is a red square with
Dave
and I was again here like this for the
airport I'm what about the atmosphere
today good amazing how you rate in
English chances in a little cook and
there you take a quick look around you
can you see anything kicking off any
girl against this point no so I give us
a few parting words a husband standing
an Indian
but then again I think every so always
still are we gonna weigh in so maybe
I saw Sergei and Nicole scarcely said
brightly red squares with gays and I was
in the airport about atmosphere today
how you making English chances in the
World Cup not so well and if you take a
quick look around you can you see
anything kicking off any hooligans so
that give us a few parting words and how
humans had to get in do
we just gotta see it
Nicole schedule is right now friend
square with Dave Dave mouthful - I was
so yeah
I'm atmosphere today how you rate in
English chances in the World Cup not so
well and if you take a quick look around
you can you see anything kicking off any
hooligans know this so I give us a few
parting words
I stood here in nikolskoe Julie said
write neighborhoods back with Dave Dave
came out from London and heightened
emotional part there's amazing really
pleasantly surprised and I wasn't
getting it like in to the airport's is
there been any trouble out to be fine
only cost me 50 P to get from the
airport to it so yeah and what about the
atmosphere today yeah amazing man from
the ground yes how you rate in English
chances in the World Cup
not so well so I'm just here for the and
if you take a quick look around you can
you see anything kicking off you know
any hooligans not at this point no so
that give us a few parting words me how
do you know that's how they're gonna do
I mean I mean but you always hope for
the best
bingo
there but then again I think that every
store tournament yet always still are we
gonna win so maybe
I stood here in the nikolskoe we said
right near Red Square with Dave Dave
came out from London how you find the
muscles apart there's amazing really
pleasantly surprised how nice it is just
walking around the central town and I
was it getting here like into the
airport this has there been any trouble
absolutely fine it cost me 50 P to get
from the airport to it so yes what about
the atmosphere today today yeah amazing
I've been friendly so far so yes how you
rate in English chances in the World Cup
not so well just here for the and you
take a quick can you see it kicking off
you know any hooligans know this boy no
so I give us a few parting words
howdy England's had a gonna do I mean I
mean but you always hope for the best
I just got what I see
but then again I think that every so
told them and yet always still are gonna
win so maybe this new surprise
I some study here in nikolskoe only said
right near Red Square with Dave Dave's
mount from London how you find in Moscow
so far there's amazing really pleasantly
surprised just walking around the
central town and I was it getting here
like into the airport has there been any
trouble absolutely fine it only cost me
50 P to get from the airport to it so
yeah and what about the atmosphere today
yeah amazing man I've been meeting loads
of cool around everyone friendly so far
so yeah how you rate in English chances
in a world cup not so well for the and
if you take a quick look around you can
you see anything enough hooligans nah
this point no no it's not give us a few
Pike in there there me how to be
England's had I gonna do I mean I mean
but you always hope for the best living
I just got so far this time yeah but
then again I think that every star
tournament that always fell are we gonna
win so maybe this time we'll be
pleasantly surprised
so here in the couple's get Alisa Reiny
arrest
and I was sitting here I came to the
airport what about atmosphere how you
create an english chat concern
if you take a quick look around you can
you see anything kicking off any
hooligans
I realize you sir
I stood here in nikolskoe Julie said
right near Red Square with Dave Dave
smart from London how you planned in
Moscow so far there's amazing really
pleasantly surprised and I was it
getting here like getting to the airport
has there been any trouble absolutely
fine only cost me 50 P to get from the
airport to air so yeah and what about
the atmosphere today yeah amazing I like
I've been loads of cool around it was
being friendly so far so yeah how you
rate in English chances in the World Cup
not so well but that's alright I'm just
here for the and there if you take a
quick look around you can you see
anything kicking off you know any
hooligans no this point no so I give us
a few parting words
it had to be England's had it gonna do I
mean I mean but you always hope for the
best living
I just got so far this time here but
then again I think that every store
tournament yet always still are we going
to weigh in so maybe this time we'll be
pleasantly surprised
I some stood here in nikolskoe Huli said
right near Red Square with Dave Dave
smart from London how you find in Moscow
so far amazingly surprised and I was it
getting here like getting to the airport
this is there been any trouble out to be
fine it cost me fifty P to get from the
airport to it so yeah and what about the
atmosphere today yeah amazing how you
rate in English chances in a World Cup
not so well so I'm just here for the and
if you take a quick look around you can
you see anything kicking off you know
any hooligans not at this point no no so
give us a few parting words me how to be
England's had a gonna do I mean I mean
but you always hope for the best living
there but then again I think that every
star tournament yet always feel like
we're gonna win surprise
I stood here in nikolskoe Elysees right
near Red Square with Dave Dave come out
from London how you find in Moscow so
far there's a maze about being really
pleasantly surprised how nice it is just
walking around the central town and I
was it getting here like getting through
the airport this is there been any
trouble outside be fine it only cost me
50 P to get from the airport to it so
yeah and what about the atmosphere today
yeah amazing I've been loads of fun
coming around it was being friendly so
far so yes how you rate in English
chances in the World Cup not so well but
I'm just here for the and if you take a
quick look around you can you see
anything kicking off you know any
hooligans not at this point no great so
I give us a few parting words
it had to be England's had it gonna do I
mean I mean but you always hope for the
best
we've been going we really do I just got
so far this time here but then again I
think that every store tournament you
always feel like we're gonna win so
maybe this time we'll be pleasantly
surprised
as some sort of here in Nicole go early
set right near Red Square with Dave
Dave's map from London how you find him
useful so far there's amazing really
pleasantly surprised and I was it
getting here like into the airports has
there been any trouble absolutely fine
only cost me fifty P to get from the
airport to it so yeah what about the
atmosphere today amazing how you rate in
English chances in the World Cup not so
well but that's alright I'm just here
for the and if you take a quick look
around you can you see anything kicking
off you know any hooligans not at this
point no good so they give us a few
parting words but how to put the
England's had a gonna do I mean I mean
but you always hope for the best
we've being known
I just got here but then again I think
that every store tournament you always
feel like we're gonna win
I stood here in nikolskoe Lully said
right near Red Square with Dave Dave
come out from London how you find in
Moscow so far there's amazing really
pleasantly surprised how nice it is just
walking around the central town and I
was it getting here like get into the
airport this has there been any trouble
outside we find it only cost me 50 P to
get from the airport to it so yeah what
about the atmosphere today yeah amazing
man I've been meeting loads of fun
coming around there was being friendly
so far so yeah how you rate in English
chances in a world cup not so well but
that's alright I'm just here for the and
if you take a quick look around you can
you see anything kicking off you know
any hooligans not at this point no great
so yeah give us a few parting words MIT
Hudspeth England's had a gonna do I mean
I mean we always hope for the best
living
I just got so far this time yeah but
then again I think that every store
tournament you always feel like we're
gonna win so maybe this time we'll be
pleasantly surprised
I've some study here in nikolskoe Huli
said right near Red Square with Dave and
I was it getting here like getting to
the airport just has there been any
trouble around City fine only cost me
fifty P to get from the airport to it so
yeah and what about the atmosphere today
yeah amazing how you rate in English
chances in the World Cup
not so well that's alright I'm just here
for the and if you take a quick look
around you can you see anything kicking
off you know any hooligans all this
point no so give us a few parting words
make how to be England's had a gonna do
I mean I mean but you always hope for
the best living go
you really don't what I see is gay
so far I'm here but then again I think
that every store tournament you always
feel like we're gonna win so maybe this
weekend you surprise
I some study here in nikolskoe Huli said
right near Red Square with Dave Dave
smart from London how you find in Moscow
so far there's amazing really pleasantly
surprised how nice it is just walking
around the central town and I was it
getting here I get into the airport
has there been any trouble absolutely
fine only cost me 50 P to get from the
airport to it so yeah it's been easy so
far and what about the atmosphere today
yeah amazing man I've been moving loads
of cool around everyone friendly so far
so yes how you rate in English chances
in a World Cup not so well that's all
right I'm just here for the and if you
take a quick look around you can you see
anything kicking off you know any
hooligans not at this point no good so
give us a few parting words but my
husband England's had a gonna do I mean
I mean we always hope for the best
living
I just don't see us getting so far this
time there but then again I think that
every so tournament you always feel like
we're gonna weigh in so maybe this time
we'll be pleasantly surprised
I stood here in nikolskoe Julie said
right near Red Square with Dave Dave
come out from London how you find in
Moscow so far there's amazing really
pleasantly surprised how nice it is just
walking around the central town and I
was it getting here like getting to the
airport this is there been any trouble
out to be fine it only cost me 50 P to
get from the airport to it so yeah and
what about the atmosphere today yeah
amazing man I've been meeting loads of
people around that was being friendly so
far so yes how you rate in English
chances in a world cup not so well so
I'm just here for the and if you take a
quick look around you can you see
anything kicking off you know any
hooligans not at this point no no so
give us a few parting words
Hudspeth England's had a gonna do I mean
I mean we always hope for the best
living
I just don't see us getting so far this
time there but then again I think that
every so tournament yet always felt like
we're gonna win so maybe this time we'll
be pleasantly surprised
