UN's condemned Israel's excessive use of
force during clashes in Gaza that have
left over 120 Palestinians dead since
the end of March Israel and the United
States strongly opposed that votes
calling it biased and one-sided while
the Palestinian side said that it a
resolution was simply not enough in fact
the nature of this resolution clearly
demonstrates that politics is driving
the day it is totally one-sided it makes
not one mention of Hamas who routinely
initiates violence in Gaza the need to
protect our people under this occupation
remains urgent and unquestionable and
why should that be offending anyone
we're just asking for a simple thing we
want our civilian population to be
protected his reactions have been
contained numerous times by humanitarian
organizations and these very defense
forces have been seen using live rounds
against protesters at times but Israel
nonetheless says its forces are simply
defending the country's borders
this is a vital mistake and if people
knew the truth story about Israel at
regarding Hamas and this vote would not
have gone this way a lot of times these
deaths of these Palestinians are
actually because they're using civilians
as human shields and in a lot of times
in fact almost all the time the violence
is actually initiated by Hamas certainly
not by Israel the claim to trying to
blame Hamas is just a distraction it's a
form of deception which they want to try
to mislead the people from seeing what's
pretty clear you've got unarmed
protesters who are in Gaza
they're you know hundreds of yards from
the so called fence and they're being
shot by snipers with with live
ammunition this is what's going on there
is a clear recognition that it's wrong
and that there's no future in continuing
this kind of oppression
you
