the end of the 19th century saw the
Russian empires first official football
match it was played at a Hippodrome in
st. Petersburg in between horse races
the public reaction that it wasn't such
a beautiful game gentlemen sportsmen in
white outfits were running around in the
mud
splashing down with full force in the
dirt and soon turned into chimney sweeps
there was unremitting laughter among the
public over a decade later things began
to change football started to gain a
foothold in Russia but not without some
serious help from a Russian born
Scottish merchants and sports enthusiast
named Arthur Macpherson and so in fact
the history of Russian football can be
traced all the way back to Glasgow
shipbuilding was booming here back in
the day in the mid 19th century and it
was one of the shipyard owners Murdoch
McPherson who was recruited by the
Russian czar to become an engineer with
the Royal Fleet
it's his grandson Arthur who is to
become the leading light in promoting
football in Russia and to help me
unravel this story I've managed to find
a knowledgeable enthusiast from the clan
McPherson itself
sandy Macpherson Arthur himself he
started up football Indra she organized
leagues he was chairman of the
Association for two years we are very
proud of him we're very proud of him it
is important to the Macpherson's and to
Scotland at large that a Scotsman was
there to start off Russian football how
does it make you feel thinking about
those links oh I think it's very proud
I've personally I've never been in
Russia but I would love to go one day
you know one day I might make a
pilgrimage I think we should be watching
the World Cup with great interest I
think sport is a marvelous uniting
influence throughout the world probably
the two greatest things in sport are the
Olympic Games and the football World Cup
they bring nations together the life of
Arthur Macpherson ended miserably due to
his permanent
and position in the Russian Empire
revolution swept the country and he was
imprisoned by the Bolsheviks
he died of typhoid in jail in 1919 it's
unknown where his body was buried but in
the Lutheran Smolensk Cemetery in st.
Petersburg there's a Cenotaph in his
honor we also found the
great-granddaughter of Arthur Macpherson
lady Betty glass who only very recently
discovered she was related to the
footballing trailblazer it was a great
discovery because I'd known about him
but very little about what he did until
fairly recent he must have put a lot
into Russia it's good it's good for all
points of view because it's really
Russia such a big country that it's
amazing that the influence ya do I'm
very pleased that who knows somebody who
did so much as had his his genius
recognized as Russia plays host to the
World Cup
it might be worth remembering the
remarkable story of Arthur Macpherson
without whom the tournament might not be
happening here
Nadira Tudor Artie
you
