mark boasted she was an interesting idea
actually yes I left I went to Braun Bree
yes I came back from Australia you you
move back you've lived there for quite
some time now and you are you are in
touch with what Australia are doing at
the moment is so we're going to talk
about that but I just want to your take
on this Spain situation what was you've
got it
I was I was shocked I was really really
shocked especially a day out from the
World Cup I thought maybe the Federation
was just trying to sort of you know turn
around the show who's boss that let him
maybe apologize and that but nothing
surprises me in football anymore it
really doesn't
when egos get involved in any situation
there's always going to be a type before
that and the bottom line is he who has
the gold makes the rules and the
Federation have decided that he's got to
go regardless of what the players have
said do you know what players alike will
be all vociferous and say yes we want
this we want them as soon as the big
boss comes and says yeah how much do you
want that you want to lose your place to
players we've got okay fair enough
so we'll take over now but look I agree
of what Peter was saying before they can
still go on and win this yeah so I'm
interested because you were both players
played at an extremely high level this
sort of news you're saying wouldn't
affect you I think if it affects you in
the it won't affect it wouldn't affect
me for 90 minutes of football I could
easily sort of but because it doesn't go
away it's something you know in a
tournament like this yeah you're
speaking to the media everyday you have
a minimum 15 minutes the day before game
it's an hour but you speak to the meter
every day and after the game you have to
go through the mixer so you're in
contact with the media at all times now
because it doesn't go away you know you
can't say listen we we're good and then
no one will ever ask you again you have
to really you know you have to be
content with that all the time you have
to take to take a position you have to
comment on it and it drags it drains
you're out you get so tired and I'd say
oh it's happened so many times with
England yeah and this is one of the
reasons that England that probably never
really are not
but haven't really been able because
it's always something that is annoying
to the squad and they can't focus 100%
and it only takes one or two percent
less to lose a football game another is
that right sure let's talk about Denmark
and Australia because we go head-to-head
a Portuguese man I know reasonably well
now we're saying that a Denmark is not
going to get out of the green because
you're gonna beat them we saw that and
we saw that in Australia Australian
supporters were shocked in a nice way
but I was saying is he you know is he
just being nice to us what's going on
look we've we had a difficult qualifying
campaign we had to go through two
playoffs
we played Syria in the playoff and
basically Syria hit the post in the last
minute if they had scored that goal they
would have went through then we played
Honduras and beat them quite
convincingly then the manager of
resigned Antipas the kaga as I was
telling him before he resigned just out
of the blue so Bert van Marwijk has
stepped in he's only had the team maybe
for three months in total he's had a
camp with them in Turkey look it's gonna
be a very very difficult opening against
France now we saw in 2006 the team got
to the last 60 in Australia's best
record ever in 2010 they got knocked out
of the first round but they had the same
points as 2006 the only difference being
the goal difference
opening game 2006 we won 3-1 opening
game 2010 against Germany lost for nil
so this game against France is going to
be absolutely everything for us
it's what that's what we keep saying you
know you've got three games and you got
them in ten days
and the first game is more important
than the second and third because it
hasn't been played yet but if you set
yourself up like you said in 2006 you
set yourself up with the win in the
first game
it changes the approach for the second
game and it changes how you was a player
see it but most certainly also how the
manager wants to do it to put your put
your team out tactically because you
will likely hood would be that you go
through and four points you win the
first and yellow or the next not you're
not saved but you more often than not
you will go through one second second by
yourself now and I've tried both I've
tried to get four points after two games
and go through and not go through no
sorry you've got four points into our
second chairmanship but we won the last
game
but we didn't win the first one would
you the first one lost the second so the
first game is so important you have to a
new play France we play Peru and the
funny thing about this and this is I
have to speak to Jos about that tomorrow
is
Peru is 11th in the world how is he not
looking at them I am I'm seriously more
scared of turu than I am at France I
know what France are like I know the
qualities players they have but I really
do not know what kind of Peru team turns
out and it can be a nasty nasty shot if
you're not prepared for for the before
we come up here we will talk and I was
trying to have something to eat least
Peruvian fans we're just going be no
mental and I actually spoke Thai so
listen how many fans have you brought
here and he was saying to me 55,000 now
I don't know if it is 55,000 but what he
said well what they're aiming for every
game against Denmark against France and
then against Australia they want to make
it like a home ties their first World
Cup in 36 years they're so excited and I
agree if Pete is 100% riot they are the
dark forces of the group but not in a
when I say that underdogs yeah they're
going to be different we watch something
in Scotland okay the Scotland no
disrespect they're not a great team but
just watch them recently Paolo Guerrero
their top scorer and their captain he's
been okayed to play they're going to be
a very difficult team to beat those
again and coming back to the open
games that's gonna be so so important he
came back and score - mmm he was he was
banned he was banned for taking cocaine
but it wasn't his fault it was in a cup
of tea and it was proving that the Torah
is giving a 12 month suspension yeah and
FIFA cut it down to six and the doping
body they took it to the Court of
Arbitration and they increased it to 14
months but now FIFA said listen there's
so much doubt about this we suspend the
sentence and he now play for the forever
and the Australian captain the Danish
captain and the French captain all wrote
a letter to FIFA saying this player you
should play salsa he's happy with that
one yeah before you go we've got to talk
about miss starlett in the australian
team
yes 19 years old an Iranian refugee
correct Daniel is earning I mean what a
story absolutely amazing story so I mean
we do the local football and obviously
we do the Premier League back in
Australia but when these type of things
come up it doesn't matter where it is
what around the world they're just an
amazing story so from January we hadn't
heard of him now war enjoy Sir Peter
knows very well he used to be at
Manchester as a coach at Melbourne City
he introduced him in January and we
started asking him you know where's he
from what's he done because in Australia
it's very structured now the pathways
how you get into playing first-team
football how you get to play for the
national team but it costs a lot of
money and he said well this kid didn't
go through any of those traditional
pathways all he done was to play street
football and we've picked him up as soon
as we saw him that we sort of thought
you know what he is a player that
Australia has not got you know he's a
player that could be maybe one day touch
would like a Christian Eriksen something
a little bit different they can go
around one of two plays I can open the
game up and fair play to Bert van
Marwijk he picked him in the squad of 26
and now in the squad of 23 in our last
friendly game against Hungary it was a
pretty poor game typical friendly game
you know but all of a sudden he comes on
with 20 minutes to go people are getting
out of their chairs he deciding and he's
good he's very late the same guys we're
gonna have to leave it there thank you
very much idiot thank you this program
over to somebody else but it just to
give you an idea how big these guys
big big goalkeepers were in say fans
thanks for watching about make sense
you
