without the rhetoric we wouldn't have
been here I really believe that you know
we'd sanctions and all of the things
that you would do but I think without
the rhetoric you know other
administration's I don't want to get
specific on that but they have a a
policy of silence sometimes I felt
foolish doing it but we had no choice
that summer in Singapore was full of
mutual reassurances but as more gas day
of reports North Korea should look to
the example of other countries who've
placed trust in US presidents in the
past what's not to like a new nuclear
disarmament deal potentially one less
country with nukes we're all better off
all of us and we have this truly
historic moment on film so why does Kim
Jong Jr seem so suspicious could be
anything
poison assassins or Trump just waiting
to backstab him the United States will
withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal come
to think of it America's nuclear deals
seem to last exactly as long as the
incumbent president think the Iranian
deal Barack Obama his partners worked on
it for years so much work so much effort
just for Trump to tear it all up
don't forget Obama negotiated the Iran
deal one of the worst disasters the
dumbest deals ever negotiated except
don't feel sorry for Obama just yet
George Bush his predecessor also struck
a nuclear disarmament deal with Gaddafi
the two leaders discussed that this
agreement should help to bring a painful
chapter in the history between our two
countries closer to closure it worked
Gaddafi gave up his nukes and what does
Obama do well he goes and bombs
Gaddafi's army ultimately allowing the
rebels to gruesomely murder him we came
we saw he died it's almost like
something out of Game of Thrones and we
aren't even done Bush in turn screwed
over Bill Clinton to stop and rollback
North Korea's potentially deadly nuclear
program will continue to implement the
agreement we have reached with that
nation it's smart it's tough Clinton had
worked for years to make a deal with Kim
jong-un's father to prevent then North
Korea from making a nuclear weapon and
Bush tore it up as seems to be tradition
North Korea is a regime arming with
missiles and weapons of mass destruction
while starving his citizens states like
these and their terrorist allies
constitute an axis of evil Trump is one
for tradition in fact he has a habit of
tearing up documents memos papers when
he's done with them he had a bunch of
guys at the White House whose job it was
to piece back together the papers he
shouldn't have torn up we literally had
to spend hours per day he piecing
together the puzzle prior to taping and
here we are
generations of presidents generations of
betrayal double-crossing and deception
and it seems that hasn't been lost on
Kim
you
