after just two weeks in power italy's
new governing parties are sticking to
their campaign promises the interior
ministers closed the port to a vessel
carrying migrants he says the country's
new goal is to protect its borders
volure poor rafinha i want to put an end
to this human trafficking which puts
thousands of lives at risk so in the
same way that will raise the issue for
the Aquarius we will raise it for all
other vessels that follow there are the
countries I'm hinting at France where
instead of accepting they repel the
migrants our objective is we hope the
same one as in Austria to protect the
external borders of Europe and Italy is
one of them the humanitarian vessel that
was turned away was carrying more than
600 migrants including more than a
hundred unaccompanied minors and
pregnant women however it was offered to
dock in a Spanish port instead those on
board had been rescued off the coast of
Libya over the weekend and were hoping
to disembark in the Italian island of
Sicily we asked organisations dealing
with the humanitarian crisis about the
issues currently facing Europe they told
us that more needs to be done for
understanding and responsibility to take
the initiative
we have 629 people on board who have
been who have faced a very extreme
situation who have faced abuse who have
been rescued at sea in some times some
people we had to really drag out of the
water and we're now telling these people
that they're gonna have to save for
another several days in order to reach
safety Malta and Italy were the closest
places of disembark a safe places of
disembarkation it is absolutely
ridiculous that we are now in a position
where we have to say for more than a
thousand nautical miles to try to reach
Spain all these to try to address the
failures of the asylum systems in in
Europe Italy is a frontline country that
has had to accept to welcome a huge
number of migrants refugees and asylum
seekers but the responsibility is that
of all EU Member States
well I think there's under the law of
the sea there's an obligation to States
to cooperate and to bring people to the
nearest shore but in this particular
case you have different predetermined
areas of responsibility so there's a bit
of a dispute over which particular
country is responsible I think they're
working that out because now that Spain
has offered to take the migrants some of
them are been taking off the vessel the
Aquarius and put onto an Italian vessel
because they were picked up by Italian
ships so I think they're working through
the law and if I understand correctly
the effort really is to be more aligned
with the actual law of the sea so that
the burden is shared more equitably
among the frontline states which are
Spain Italy Cyprus Malta and Greece
which are taking the overwhelming number
of migrants coming in so it's fairly
understandable I would think in any
system but if there's a large body of
people coming through who are in a
regular situation and the courts aren't
able to keep up so frustrations are
pretty normal
Italy of course has been one of the
countries hardest hit by the migrant
crisis more than half a million people
have reached the country by boat in the
past four years
this year alone as you just saw there
Italy's taken in almost 14,000 refugees
that's more than either Spain or Greece
many of the newcomers have arrived in
Sicily and that's something that's
dividing opinion on the island it's not
right that they're invading us they're
illegals if a person arrives here
legally they are welcomed but among
these people there are also illegal
immigrants and that can be tolerated
they need to be checked we need to know
who's arriving these 600 people as you
said we don't know who they are not all
of them are honest people
okay closing the ports no I don't think
that it's right our own Italian migrants
have gone everywhere and they're
welcomed in a splendid way Malta refused
earlier calls from Italy to accept the
ship saying the Italian Coast Guard is
responsible for operations in the waters
off Libya Keith's best who's from the
European Council on refugees and exhales
believes EU policies may be contributing
to the problem I think there has been a
serious failure among many of the
countries of the European Union to
address this issue and particularly the
EU itself in not
being a fair burden-sharing I I rather
hope that the stance of the new very new
Spanish Prime Minister will begin to
shame other countries in Europe and
saying well we should also play our part
as well
but I do understand the attitude of the
Italian government in saying that we've
already borne an enormous influx of
people the real answer to migration
flows and the migration crisis as its
term is to try to enable people to live
in their countries of origin you you
have to actually try to ensure through
diplomatic and international efforts the
peace at home for people so they don't
feel the need to flee for their lives
