three economists who worked with the
French President on his election
campaign last year expressing their
concern over what they see as
increasingly right-wing policies they're
also calling for new initiatives to
reduce inequality the government has
acquired an image of an administration
that is indifferent to social issues a
growing number of French people
including some of the most fervent
supporters in 2017 are disillusioned and
many of those who supported the
candidate are expressing the fear of a
reorientation to the right well one of
the biggest criticisms we hear about
president macron here in France is that
he is a president of the rich and that's
because last year his government slashed
the controversial wealth tax here in
France but that only benefited around 1%
of the top French families he's also
been criticised for the controversial
immigration bill which actually saw a
discord within his own party one MP was
so incensed when that law was passed in
the last few months the he actually quit
like a public or Marsh and that's
because that bills sawed attention of
migrants increasing from 45 to 90 days
and also look to speed up a deportation
there's also been the changes to the
labor laws here in France which people
see as making it easier to hire and fire
people all of these things have shown
such discord here in France that we've
seen people sometimes in their thousands
and thousands out on the streets in
France protesting and sometimes those
protests have turned into riots against
his policies
one recent poll showed that only 43% of
respondents the saw macron in a positive
light so why has president macron
decided to implement policies which
seemed to be so unpopular well one of
the reasons Macklin government says is
these were the policies that he was
elected on these were in his manifesto
pledge now also he would argue is all
about attracting foreign investment and
making the French economy stronger in
the long run many people are so unhappy
that there is a growing chorus of people
calling on President Ma Khan be the
candidate of the center that he promised
to be in the run-up to the 2017
presidential elections and indeed some
aspects of Emmanuel macron lavish
lifestyle are reinforcing that President
of the rich image
not just the dishes that need changing
resign ruined France incapable of hiring
emergency nurses but buys dishes for the
Elysee for over 500 euros the dish for
dessert 50,000 euros the trifle for
these people macron at the exclusive
service of the oligarchy
you
you
