nine-year-old British girl has been
placed in rehab for her addiction to
online gaming her parents say she was
playing for ten hours a day without
taking a break
for the uninitiated like myself the game
in question is called fortnight Battle
Royale and is an online multiplayer
survival game a hundred players are
dropped on a virtual island but only one
can make it off it's become incredibly
popular over 40 million downloads since
it was launched last July but the
parents of the nine-year-old are calling
for it to be banned
we had no idea when we let her play the
game of this addictive nature or the
impact it could have on her mental
health this is a serious issue which is
destroying our little girl's life and
someone needs to step in to ban it
before it becomes an epidemic we are
awaiting a response from the developer
behind fortnight to get back to us
meanwhile we got the opinions of a
former hacker and a psychologist on it
son is 14 and Josh actually plays this
fortnight game and I see him play it a
lot the great thing about is I see him
interacting with kids all over the world
there are lots of ways to communicate
with people around the world other than
video games and our children are losing
a little bit of a sight as to what's
real and and what's maybe virtual I
think video games a part of our culture
now the story that broke recently of a
nine year old that was has had to have
care because of being on fortnight I
mean I blame the parents I don't blame
the children but computer games aren't
bad I just don't see the use of them I
don't see how they're productive there
is such a tendency to spend so much time
on the computer at least it's studies
show that the more time they spend in
front of a computer or on their phones
the more likely they are to have
depression and other mental disorders
it's been studies by the University of
California for example in 2015 where
computer games actually been found to
actually increase memory especially in
3d games there are many ways to increase
memory certainly pen to paper pencil to
paper all sorts of memory games that you
can play with a book think games also
can teach them you know it's like what
you can movie they can be good and bad
to be fair I said it's all about being
sensible you know if the kids on it
many hours and there's a problem if a
child rides a bicycle for 10 hours
there's going to be a problem so it's
just about moderation I think it's just
sensible use of their time I'm
interacting socially though is a really
important thing that children are losing
you know they start to feel like their
friends live in their computer when
indeed those aren't real people those
aren't real friends that are in their
lives especially with children in there
in their young formative years where
their brains are still developing with
the increased risks of mental problems
because of it I see no reason to you
know make video games part of that when
they're just all together not necessary
you
