and welcome to Sophie & Co I'm Sophie
Shepherd not said the football fever is
coming to Russia and the kickoff to the
tournament is just a few days away
this Russia World Cup will see new
technologies debutante teams and new
management how will it all work out and
what does it mean for a global football
well who better to ask then long time
FIFA president Sepp Blatter football the
greatest global spectacle is getting
over the times video assistant referee
system is being rolled out this World
Cup and the next tournament will see
ever more teams compete for the ultimate
sports prize will these plans benefit
football or overcomplicated well the
World Cup become bloated and diluted or
more exciting in diverse and what else
is in store for the great game it's
really great to have you on our program
one more time welcome it's a pleasure to
be here with you so we've got a lots to
talk about
World Cup coming up to Russia and you
your persona and your role in FIFA and
just football in general I know that you
have said you created the modern
football and while you were doing this
you made mistakes
what were those mistakes oh I would say
it a little bit different
I made errors I made errors and the
errors would have made the biggest one
was in by conducting the FIFA and being
the boss of Haifa there is a matter how
to manage such an organization and as I
am certain in this organization in 75
1975 when we FIFA was just a very small
organization with eleven people I was a
number twelve I went through all the
FIFA first as a development officer
technical director secretary-general CEO
and then the president so I grew up with
this FIFA my biggest error
was then when I was elected in 98
difficult election 2002 again with a
problem then I got to position and I
trusted people and I trusted people so
much that at the end I was finally I was
betrayed like this I have to accept be
betrayed by people from the executives
because that I couldn't choose them
because they were not always on my but
what was for me and this has harmed me
but this was that it is when you say
mistake trust all these people and to
not realize that that's a mistake that a
lot of people making politics and
business and industry when I really just
want to talk a little more about the
impact that you've had on the game
itself on football itself not the
organization FIFA but what we see in
everyday football cuz I know you've said
I've created modern football is it maybe
taking a little too far I mean you came
up with his amazing new rules but the
innovations shouldn't like players and
other managers also take credit for that
no it's a part of football and I'm happy
you came back on the field of play if
you question because I'm more
comfortable on the field of play that's
that's a definite I was but not as a
good player I was not a star player but
a vas a good player but I have seen in
football when I started in to think
about developing the football then I
have realized that football is more than
kicking kicking a ball football is more
than that but to be more you have to
organize the game and the game was not
organized the game was only for Europe
and was for South America and then to go
right and then we had to have a look on
the laws of the game
how are the laws of the game and then
the laws they have to to be adapted
adapted to the development of the game
the game became faster and then we have
realized after the World Cup in Italy in
1901 it was very boring World Cup or it
was the defendants we are defending and
the back pass to the goalkeeper at the
line you had referees at the line
they wouldn't participate with the
referees in the center I was a secretary
general and then Navy have installed the
so-called FIFA 2000
of specialists to change the laws at
work yeah I remember you put a group
together to make a football more
combative and more you know exciting how
did that group work exactly what did
they do it ain't work because everybody
has realized the coaches the players the
media even the referees have realized
that they were wrong to have referees at
the line because to be a linesman or to
be a referee is different the linesman
is a judge
the referee is a referee as to say yes
or no the only one who's in or out so
and then to see that the match was
lasting less than 30 minutes the whole
match in the game when it was played
because this back pass to the
goalkeepers and then they didn't on
respect of let's say the strikers going
and being then tackled from behind by
saying oh it's no cigarettes a yellow
card so we had to change that and this
was a big a big big issue discussion and
we had players also with us at that time
I already took Michel Platini in this
better and and and really so fast and
ever the International Board has changed
the rule then from one world cup to the
other we have made different changes the
the game was then four years later on
the United States was then faster
already at the first matches the people
or players have been red carded because
of it was called the foul foul play of
last instance before outside of the 16
of the year after year 18 yards line and
also we had now linesman on day on the
line and and the things to do to the
British we have to say we have changed
the scoring it means the evaluation of
the score three points for a win to say
let's go to win and not only two points
in and so on so this was was the the
biggest change that have been made in
the loss of signal to me about the
players of today I mean you also have
called them modern-day slaves but these
people are making millions of euros and
dollars per week I mean the transfer
fees they're just nuts they're getting
bigger and bigger records are broken
every year I don't see how football
players are at a disadvantage here and
how their modern-day slaves may be you
know something I don't and I know that
you didn't like this whole transfer fee
Manea we're like hundreds of millions of
euros or dollars were poured in one
player and you want it to change that
but that didn't happen so this transfer
system the way we see right now is this
the only way for football what do you
think it's still gonna be changed in the
future no is it it cannot be changed
because it is based on on the so called
offer and demand of economic principles
and that you cannot change the only
thing what FIFA that need to not FIFA
the you FR tried to do is to introduce
this system
called Financial Fair place a financial
plane finances there are no Fairplay
finances their account but and then to
make a rule that a club should not have
in between it's the income and the
expenses there should not be a too much
a great gap and where is the money
coming from but this is the same rule
where they cannot be successful so I
know that you're not a big fan of the
video assistant referee and it's gonna
be the first time during World Cup 218
in Russia that it's going to be used at
this level of competition spoken to the
organizers and they're actually saying
that it's tested it's working really
well and it's gonna make judgment in
football a lot easier what are your
reservations what's the reason you
mistrust it I don't mistress that we
shall we shall develop also refereeing
and we have started to have the
goal-line technology but they took three
years until it was introduced because
before you introduce a very important
change in the laws of the game there
must be some experiences made around the
voltage is a principle of this
International Football Association Board
but now a novice was out and of FIFA and
they have now put in the so-called bar
video assistant referee and this is not
exactly what personally we have asked
the television to do we have not asked
television to buddha to be the referee
of the game and so i said it is not a
time for a world cup to make such an
experiment before going to make an
experiment in the world cup it shall be
done in the different other competitions
and worldwide competition that can be
the use competition women's competition
in order to see how it's happened
because now you have not the majority of
the referees they are now at the World
Cup they have
ever worked with the system and you have
also the majority of the players there
they have never worked with a system so
how so that's why I put a question mark
behind that and I was I was not
criticizing FIFA and disk that they said
we do it I was criticizing the
International Board the guardians of the
laws of the game why you have permitted
to do that but now it's done and then
let's see what will happen we're gonna
take a short break right now when we're
back we'll continue talking to accept
letter we'll talk about football and how
it is perceived in today's world and the
upcoming World Cup stay with us
and we're back with Sepp Blatter
obviously when power has changed whoever
comes into power brings new route sets
of rules new teams so your successor
after in FIFA also brought a new team we
changed everyone completely most of the
people in power are now former football
players I don't know if it's a good
thing or a bad thing I don't know what
FIFA needs where other football players
or ex coaches or good managers but maybe
you can tell me but also FIFA wants to
create an extended version of FIFA Club
World Cup that would be held every four
years and 24 club teams would take part
I don't really understand the logic
behind it I mean FIFA explains that this
is actually a great idea I will bring
more competition to the game will make
it more interesting for the fans a
couple of points that I want to ask you
about first of all the football players
I mean wouldn't they be so tired of
playing this endless tournament because
there are just so many of them you know
FIFA World Cup the regional champions
champions league Confederation cap
Olympic Games don't they need to also
train and rest second of all the fans I
mean it's great to have a lot of
competitions but wouldn't that also
dilute their attention from the main
thing which is the World Cup yeah and
also why would anyone want to give up
you know their money I'm talking about
the UEFA clubs why would they want to be
part of the FIFA World Club why the FIFA
World Cup is still number one in the
world of any sporting event and it is in
popularity five times more popular than
Olympic Games
that's undoubtable that's why they
created it because at the end of the
question was the world cup suffered the
welcome is not suffer no matter what not
whether what but the International
calendar it was so difficult to bring an
international calendar together
and now with new competitions in this
international calendar that's a nonsense
because then we are in the Gregorian
calendar with 365 days so we should ask
to have somebody another calendar with
500 days and then it would be possible
and it is absolutely absolutely on the
soul yes social or social point of view
it will always be the same club's the
same players the players they cannot
it's impossible they have no more time
to rest and if they have an old more
time to rest then they are injured and
they are out and and and and this is a
non respect and non respect to the
actors on the field of play that's first
of all secondly the fans sorry defense
and at a certain time they will have
enough they will have enough because
they open a television there is always
football soccer all around serve out and
and there are so many competitions and
which competition will then suffer the
most if all these will be done the
National League and that the football is
first of all the foreign national lady
because it's a national football
national league and if they try even now
in Europe they try to put the the good
matches of the Champions League at the
end of the week and at the end of the
week has always been for the national
football not only the professional
football a matter football and all those
they play at the end of the week and
it's a non respect it's a Sun as this
idea it's a non respect to the players
it's a non respect to the fans and finds
a non respect of the organization of
football football is organized through
National Association FIFA is an assembly
or configuration
of national associations so I get the
two points thank you and the third point
is about the clubs that operate inside
their own Federation's
like Champions League is part of UEFA
why would they ever want to give up
their revenues to FIFA and be part of
this new FIFA Club World Cup for
instance no so far so far and until the
end of 215 finances in FIFA they were
well I was very happy and proud to let
FIFA with 2.4 billion one point foreign
reserves and 1 billion in cash but now
FIFA needs more money in debt they need
more money because they have changed the
management of FIFA they have another
approach new new president here's
another view how to organize FIFA with
they as you upset with former
footballers ok but the former
footballers they need also the schooling
to be in the position they are they are
now and how they they get it before the
people there and so it is because FIFA
is looking for more money that they are
coming with these new ideas and there is
somewhere this offer from from
consortium of banks and speaking about
Japan Saudi Arabia USA they have put
together 25 billion dollars to get these
two computer system Asian countries they
put 25 they wanna invest 25 billion did
you yeah yeah
two actually reform FIFA yeah - bye -
bye out - two competitions until you
cannot buy competition so there will be
like a first time that you're selling
competitions to a third parties they
could think or a bad thing no we have
never in my in my 41 years in FIFA we
have never sold any competition to a
third party so what do you know
so if this happens they're gonna own
FIFA and they will be able to say where
they want the competition's to be hell
right sure you cannot the football
belongs not to FIFA belongs not to UEFA
the football belongs to the two million
two billion two billion fans around the
world this is where the football belongs
and you cannot sell out part of football
to another and to another entity this is
also from the philosophic point of view
how you organize football and the
important is social cultural importance
of this game putting people together but
not abusing this game it is abusing this
game and abusing I would say players
coaches everybody and the fans I talked
to me about this possible investment of
25 billion dollars into FIFA reform
right I find it fascinating if you wear
right now active president of FIFA
you wouldn't taken those 25 billion to
reform FIFA no I would not sell out FIFA
for such an investment if they want to
give the FIFA 25 million dollars but
telling this for development of football
do it but the best you can do then I
will take it 25 billion always comes
with strings attached giving 25 million
for nothing and and then now it's up to
the FIFA to decide on that but I'm I'm
not convinced because it's a new it's a
new era in FIFA but I think this is
absolutely wrong this is absolutely
wrong so I just want to ask you a
question about the World Cup that's
going to take place in Russia I know
that six countries have boycotted the
World Cup but they're not sending
politicians and representatives but
they're still sending their teams it's
not like it's gonna have any bearing on
the competition itself so what is the
point of this kind of a boycott is it
gonna affect the World Cup in Russia in
any way no I cannot and I am not so sure
if at the end they are not coming
all this I'm not so sure we will see if
by any any chance the the f80
England will do well and this going into
a quarterfinal or final then the people
in in London that they will be do and be
on their chairs you have to go and to to
announce an and and boycott and a
competition because of the of the
geopolitical situation in in subvert let
football bring people together and I'm
sure that this World Cup will be an
exceptional good World Cup on the field
of play but also for the image for FIFA
the image of Russia to show that they
are able to organize a rota but Russia
has been in the past month past yes now
so much under under pressure but but
that was never and I would say a very
concrete demand that of a cup shall not
be played there all those they don't
like that of all couples in Russia they
were thinking twice or three times to
say now we should not go there we should
boycott it no it would not be good that
would not be good because it's it's not
only the footballer that's a powerhouse
there it is Russia a powerhouse and and
here football and politics together
it's the the World Cup that ifs now
Russia more power and this power house
cannot be it just boycotted and if they
are not that those they are not there
okay
they have lost something so the 2026
World Cup will also have more teams
competing it's gonna be 48 vs. 32 the
problem with that in my opinion is that
when more team's come
it's much more of a boring games I mean
it's one thing to watch friends in
Argentina everyone wants to watch it but
like wants to watch I don't know
Malaysia and Saudi Arabia playing
there's gonna be like much more games
like that I mean you told me yourself in
the 90s there was like one of the most
boring World Cups how do you make sure
that more teams don't mean more boring
football it's wrong
what's wrong to play with 48 teams
absolutely room the the number of 32 has
has now acquired a system to play in 30
days thirty one days and we're
definitely the best or than by any bad
chance like like Italy and Netherlands
for for this time are out but 48 teams
for ei teams will deal with the quality
at first and secondly the other problem
is they want to play in groups by three
and we have already played in groups by
three in Spain the second part of the
World Cup 82 when for the first time we
had 24 teams and when you have groups by
three you have always a spectator one is
not playing so the last match in a group
by three it is open for all all I would
say for all possible but thoughts that
that air around the world when you play
and you speak about football and you
speak about fixed matches or whatever
that will play with your groups by three
is absolutely wrong totally wrong you're
coming to the World Cup to see the
tournaments what do you expect to see I
mean who are you gonna root for I mean
obviously the Swiss are gonna be
champions but who do you think is gonna
take the silver
okay no no I I'm a guest of mr. Putin
President Putin I am happy I'm honored
to be new at it and I'll be there
but anyway anyway I have my opinion on
on the themes that would be and he did
the best at the end oh I have four teams
but I don't put them in one to four and
put them together just for favorites
were they the four teams are Brazil
Brazil alphabetic order Brazil and then
France Germany Spain no Argentina no
okay so that's why I didn't seem thank
you so much for this wonderful interview
so much for this we say we're expecting
you to see you in Russia leave good
pleasure thank you thank you thank you
