social media giant Facebook seems to be
running out of options in its long
battle with fake news the company's gone
from human fact checkers to an automated
system but back now to humans
Donald quarter explains why in the
never-ending crusade against fake news
Facebook has come full circle
it's now hiring so-called news
credibility specialists to presumably
look through and determine the fake from
the truth we're seeking individuals with
a passion for journalism who believe in
Facebook's mission of making the world
more connected as a member of the team
you'll be tasked with developing a deep
expertise in Facebook's news credibility
program after media outlets picked up on
Facebook's new position the social media
giant took down that ad reuploading it
with a few tweaks and a new title news
publisher specialist yeah that raises
less questions but wait a second a
person deciding what info you should get
on social media haven't we seen that
before this is just a system that
they've put in place that allows people
to inflate news force news into the
trending topics and and also suppress
news that's the one in 2016 Facebook
fired employees apparently after
pressure over liberal bias in their
trending feed every once in a while a
red state or conservative news source
would have a story but we would have to
go and find the same story from a more
neutral outlet then they put an
algorithm in charge but that didn't go
as planned either with the technology
accused of being ineffective and biased
within days fake news started trending
and they even recently shut down the
feature altogether from research we
found that over time people found the
product to be less and less useful
perhaps in deciding what's credible and
what's not it makes no difference
whether an algorithm or a person does it
especially if Zuckerberg wants his
brainchild to be more than a one-sided
platform I am I'm very committed to
making sure that Facebook is a platform
for all ideas that is a very important
founding principle of what we do well
then problem solved no need for news
credibility
these specialists after all Donald
quarter Artie
