our nursery rhyme at a Massachusetts
kindergarten designed to help children
survive a potential shooting has drawn
concern from parents and also shocked on
social media some of questioned its
appropriateness in the country that has
seen at least one shooting a week this
year although authorities do say they
are defending the rhyme believing that
it is the world we live in
Samira Khan reports imagine picking up
your five-year-old from kindergarten and
seeing a strange Nursery Rhyme tape to
the wall a reworked version of twinkle
twinkle little star with ominous lyrics
lockdown lockdown locked the door shut
the lights off say no more go behind the
desk and hide wait until it's safe
inside lockdown lockdown it's all done
now it's time to have some fun
that picture was posted by a
massachusetts mom who was taken aback
when she learned her daughter had been
doing active shooter drills as part of
her pre-kindergarten program but she's
not the only one another mom had a
similar experience my girls were playing
teacher this past weekend they had math
time snack time a reading nook and
practice their active shooter drill
earlier this week a class of 8th graders
in Pennsylvania were given bulletproof
shields for the backpacks a local
sportswear company thought it would be a
perfect gift for middle school
graduation the company's CEO who happens
to have a daughter at that school gifted
shields to all of our classmates and an
extra 25 to the school now there's a
defensive measure parents and kids can
take to ward off injury and improve
chances of student survival in the time
of need
the students and put it on this way the
student can hold it up to protect their
face although perhaps it's worth noting
bulletproof shields don't provide
protection against assault weapons which
have been most commonly used in mass
shootings but the company won plenty of
publicity with such an unconventional
graduation gift and there are also those
who try to make money off the mass
shooting state last month of video game
designed to simulate a school shooting
sparked a major public outrage and it
was removed from a distributing platform
it offered users an opportunity to play
as either the killer or a SWAT officer
trying to catch the gunman
parents were outraged and why wouldn't
they be this year alone the country has
seen 23 school shootings where someone
was either injured or killed that
averages one such incident every single
week so far so perhaps it's not so
surprising that mass shootings are
making it to video games and active
shooter drills to schools and even
kindergarten Samaritan party
Washington DC
you
