now these photos were showing you at the
moment do capture the moment when a tear
gas canister fired by the Israeli army
became stuck in the mouth of a
Palestinian during a protest at the Gaza
border on Friday we can get details now
from Paula Slayer our Middle East
correspondent in Tel Aviv Paula we were
just looking at the photos they're
pretty horrific stuff what exactly
happened well these particularly
disturbing photographs emerged after a
23 year old Palestinian protest about
the name of Abu szabla was hit in the
face by a tear gas canister yesterday
while protesting along the Israel Gaza
border the photographs show the moment
when the canister still lodged in his
cheek and you can actually see the tear
gas coming out of the canister and at
the same time coming out of his mouth he
is currently on life support that
canister had to be surgically removed
now Abu sadler is a regular attendee at
the weekly protests that have been
happening for more than two months along
the Israel Gaza border under the banner
the great march of return and in these
more than two months of protests we've
seen at least 125 protestors killed and
some 13,000 injured most of those
injuries are due to tear gas inhalation
at the same time just yesterday we saw
another four people killed and 386
injured as thousands of Palestinian
protesters again converged along the
Israel Gaza border they were throwing
rocks they were flying kites and flags
and they were also burning tires against
Israeli soldiers on the other side of
the fence yesterday's protest coincided
with what is known as Jerusalem day or
our Kurds day now it marks the last
Friday of the holy month of Ramadan and
traditionally around the world there are
protests held in Muslim cities and
Muslim countries where people show their
support for the Palestinian claim on the
city of Jerusalem and the right of
return the Israeli Defense Forces has
responded by saying that as many as
10,000 protesters converged on the
border fence yesterday
it says that they occurred at five
different locations and it has also said
that people were holding dozens of kites
as well as balloons that had explosive
devices attached to them that were
subsequently hold in the direction of
the soldiers and which exploded midair
the IDF has repeatedly justified its use
of live fire saying that it behaves the
way that any country would in defending
its sovereign borders it also
consistently accuses Hamas of using what
our cause human shields by sending
civilians to these kind of protests in
the first place but we are also hearing
from Doctors Without Borders and they
say that some of the injuries that were
caused are so severe that those who are
suffering are likely to have lifelong
physical disabilities take a listen
observe very wide injuries your sister
burns completely destroyed in the corner
we have a lot of fragments you see
vascularization enough which are
affected so it means that all the wounds
is is completely exploded quite sure
that some of them will be disabled and
we are very afraid of the high risk of
infection with the bones which are
exposed we know already that in Gaza it
would be very difficult to treat these
complications
now the Palestinian envoy to the United
Nations has criticized yesterday's
killings it is also called for an
emergency session of the United Nations
General Assembly saying that it wants to
look at a resolution that would condemn
the injury to Palestinian civilians in
the Gaza Strip now a similar resolution
was put forward last week but that
resolution although it received enough
support to pass a vote in the Security
Council it was vetoed by the United
States as was to be expected the General
Assembly meeting was called for on
Wednesday and while we continue to
discuss this the tensions here on the
ground continue to climb okay thanks for
the update there Paula that was Paula
Slayer in Tel Aviv
you
