hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report oh man I can hardly wait for this
it's gonna be awesome
Stacy max things are so fun and exciting
in the online digital crypto world but
in the meatspace world in the real world
here in America you know I want to look
at what happened during these primaries
over in California a few days ago
Senator Dianne Feinstein was once again
nominated for the Democratic Party
nomination for Senator there she's one
of the most radically neocon right wing
nut jobs I've ever seen and yet the
so-called progressive people of
California keep voting her and voting
her the very progressives that say you
know that they should be somehow some
sort of idol and hero and model for the
rest of the world and that Trump is a
horrible person one of the candidates
that lost for the Democratic nomination
for governor his name was Michael
Shellenberger he only got 17,000 440
votes but he wrote this piece right
before the primaries number one in
poverty California isn't our most
progressive state it's our most racist
one everyone thinks California is our
most progressive state and why not it
imposes the highest tax on the richest
1% it is aggressively implementing
Obamacare and it is standing up to
President Donald Trump on everything
from immigration to the environment and
yet the Golden State is also number one
in poverty and inequality in America and
he goes through a whole bunch of data
but this is the point is that it's all
talk no action isn't that the case these
so-called liberals are actually
harboring some vicious neo-cons
and some what you might call they're the
Neo you know what was that economic
model that's terrible neoliberalism
their liberalism I know I got confused
there for a second because liberals in
the same and used twice they're it's not
the utopian vision that some imagine of
being its conservative slash fascist
well it's quite apocalyptic if you look
at some of the data and facts that he
lays out home
encampments of hundreds of people have
cropped up around the state in the last
two years occasionally they are ravaged
by hepatitis A which killed 20 people
last year in Silicon Valley a hundred
and thirty-two people died on the
streets in 2016 from 85 and 2015 in San
Diego a hundred and seventeen people
died up from fifty-six part of this is
directly related to the cost of rent
which are directly related to the cost
of so-called progressive policies which
is really about people who are very
wealthy say in Beverly Hills or Santa
Monica or Silicon Valley not wanting
housing units built in their area so
they come up with all sorts of
environmental restrictions and and
building restrictions to avoid anybody
having access to basically lowering the
price of their housing as well right I
mean we've been traveling all over the
world for years and you go to places
like Egypt and you see people who are
genuinely poverty-stricken who are
living on a few dollars a day or you go
to North Africa and you other areas of
North Africa where you see similar types
of extreme poverty and now we're seeing
that in America a permanently entrenched
underclass of poverty-stricken really
folks that will never ever escape
poverty and are just living on the
street and there's no gonna be no
turning back here's another point he
points out it's so gross and horrible
and it just sounds like one of these
Night of the Living Dead sort of
scenarios but he said last year San
Diego city workers nearly killed a
homeless person after accidentally
throwing her and the tent she was
sleeping in into the back of the garbage
truck she escaped just seconds before
being crushed by the trash compactor so
this is really like this human garbage
and human waste we showed a video from a
few months ago and the BART station in
San Francisco you're paying millions of
dollars to live in a little hovel there
in in San Francisco and this crack
addicts well heroin addicts all sorts of
addicts and the stations and human feces
all over the roads
it's you know this is the progressive
nirvana that's the interesting point we
know two things we know that the US
economy is generating a permanent you
know permanent class of garbage people
zombie people that are on the streets
and will never come back we also know
that the progressives are the Liberals
in a state like California don't see it
they don't for some reason they ignore
it they don't understand it they don't
see it they don't understand the
connection between their warmongering
policies you know Dianne Feinstein would
never voted against a war and all that
money it goes into war that could go
into let's say helping people not live
on the streets she doesn't see the
connection she's not a liberal she's not
progressive
she's a neocon she's a war hawk but in
the state of California they spin it as
something completely different and sadly
because this is contributing to a
collapse of many aspects of the American
experience I want to also talk about the
racist policies in actual outcomes of
California but in in terms of this
neocon sort of really nasty violent
state thuggish nosov California the
genuine heart of the so-called
California progressive liberals
Democrats is that they were forced to
reduce their population in their prison
population by by the courts the court
said they were grossly overcrowded this
was a human rights violations so they
had to reduce the population of their
prison by 12% between 2011 and 2015 but
they have a very very powerful union
okay unions are progressive right but
these are prison guard Union and it's
super powerful so that's why in the
state they pay more for prisons and they
do for education and in while they
reduce the population of prisoners by
12% the prison guards were very upset
with this so in fact they increased the
budget for prisons by half a billion so
so they wanted more they had to give
them more money in order to make them
feel bad but California today spends
more per prisoner than any other state
$65,000 annually which happens to be the
same amount it costs to send a high
school graduate to Stanford University
for a year one of the best
universities in the world that's the
equivalent that's how much it costs to
block up one person for stealing a slice
of pizza well you know I came up with
the phrase a few years ago casino gulag
and that's the American economy it's
becoming the casino gulag you have a few
people who get rich in the casino of
Wall Street or because they become
professional athletes or what-have-you
and there's a very small percentage of
one percentage that hits the casino
lottery billions but everyone else is
living in a gulag
this is the new gulag this is the
American gulag and they've seen in every
major city across America and it's the
result of corruption it's the result of
a government in freefall it's the result
of a central bank that is not
accountable to anyone and just prints
trillions of dollars to go drop bombs
and bail out bad banks and there's no
turning back you know our friend Dimitri
Orloff wrote a famous essay collapse gap
a few years ago said that the Soviet
Union and America would both collapse
for the similar reasons just that the US
would take longer they positioned I said
Soviet Union was like falling out of a
one-story window and America is like
story falling out of a 20-story window I
think we're seeing this now play out in
real time America's falling out of that
20-story window it is a collapse gap the
Soviet Union America collapsed roughly
at the same time for roughly the same
reasons and now America's having it's
Boris Yeltsin moment with Donald Trump
so then he he talks about the racist
outcomes of the education system and
part of it is caused by the prison
system takes up so much of the state
budget so there's less available for
Californians schools and the schools if
you look at per capita spending on
students it's actually the fourth lowest
in America also they have you know the
impro immigration policies which but
don't have the funds to adapt to that
all the languages spoken in the school
so all the classes are held back because
a lot of the students don't speak
English which is fine I think if they
just teach them all to be bilingual
instead but they're all having to catch
up on English but he says that
progressive leaders who daily denounced
Republicans as
racists have blithely presided over a
significant decline in the academic
performance of black and Latino eighth
graders relative to their counterparts
in other states today less than 40
percent of non-white and non Asian
students meet state educational
standards so the actual outcomes for a
black and non-whites other nine white
students in California are worse than
most other states so their actual
results are worse that's correct and I
guess it has something to do with the
presence of the entertainment industry
which is very good at telling falsehoods
and spinning turning tinsel into
box-office gold and then you have San
Francisco and the high tech industry
which just builds incredible walls
around reality and they could live in a
cyber space they don't actually live in
the real world so as a result you have
like Calcutta like conditions in LA and
in San Francisco the casino gulag is
growing by leaps and bounds and some of
these other countries that have already
been through this like Soviet Union you
know they're actually moving in the
other direction they got their stuff
together and they're heading toward a
kind of a more equitable future and he
also points out that environmentalism is
used to justify de facto racial
segregation in California's housing
because they brought in all these
environmental regulations in the early
70s just when you know the civil rights
movement had just started to give more
equitable participation in the housing
market for blacks and other groups and
so they got locked out by through
environmental regulations and they said
legislation that would have encouraged
for example more housing density near
transportation hubs was snuffed out last
April garnering support from less than
one-third of legislative committee
members quote progressive organizing
lamented Benjamin Ross in the left-wing
magazine dissent evolved stealthily into
a defense of the residential status quo
it is a status quo that Beverly Hills is
happy to preserve look I mean I've said
on this show many times about addition
of the black community in America you
know the racism is part of the American
DNA it's they're not going away it's
only become more
accepted as is practiced through
interest rate apartheid or through
gerrymandering or through prison
expansion but at least like they these
guys in California are hiding behind all
their kind words and maybe they do hash
tag me too and they wear a little pins
or to say you know a virtue signal and
that's that's enough and you know that
also that the prop 13 tax situation in
California also locks in low tax rates
you can your children can inherit your
low property taxes they're shutting out
all newcomers into it so it's kind of
like an oleg are it's part of the feudal
system that is by the way you know
hollywood again i love this phrase that
I came up with the gulag casino and for
the black community in America I often
said now for years they should adopt
crypto to give themselves a way to
escape the fiat currency nightmare
that's why our friends at bit Mari bi T
ma RI bit Mari colonized her life be :
oz your life you have to add Tinseltown
to your gulag Casino State I love black
people go to bit Mari right now download
the app we got to take a break don't go
away
much more coming your way
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to go to Acapulco
and speak with Jeff Berwick of the
anarchist podcast as well as the in
Acapulco and crypto polka conferences
Jeff is also now part of Els block
producer team a potential competitor as
well as collaborator to eos fish the
block producer candidate that max the
stacy are involved with jeff welcome
back to the Kaiser report I'm max it's a
pleasure and yeah hopefully it's a
collaborator not competitor I think we
can all work together on on this yeah
absolutely Jeff you know you got started
in crypto and in Bitcoin the same year
that we got started in Bitcoin back in
2011 and so we've seen pretty much every
shift in the industry we experienced the
mount Cox crash in 2014 we've
experienced three or four seventy to
eighty percent Corrections in the price
of Bitcoin and we've seen the rise of
some alternative models and some
interesting models and certainly Dan
Larimer who actually was in touch with
Satoshi Nakamoto during the earliest
days of Bitcoin went on to create steam
it went on to create bitshares
and now has created a OS and he's what
what is can what can you tell us about
yes Jeff well as you pointed out the
reason I really got interested in a OS
at the beginning was because of danly
rumors involvement he is probably the
most accomplished person in the crypto
space aside from Satoshi Nakamoto
whoever that is the only other person
who's nearly as accomplished is Vitalik
beuter and of ethereum and I only saved
an lamerz more accomplished because this
is actually his third blockchain as you
mentioned he started bitshares a couple
years ago it's still doing fairly well
and it's been growing he then started
steam a couple years ago as well after
bitshares
and I got onto that and you guys got
into that afterwards but I was one of
the first people on that and I was
really amazed at how well worked and was
really designed
quite geniusly if that's a word I'm
obviously not a genius myself and I was
like wow who is this guy and I got to
know him and it turns out he's an
anarcho-capitalist as I am and he has a
lot of the same sort of values and
beliefs that I do in complete freedom
for Humanity and complete free markets
and things like that so when I heard he
started use I got very interested and
once I heard what he was working on I
got incredibly interested because this
could be a real game-changer this could
be bigger than what bitcoin has been so
far
it essentially could be the operating
system of the decentralized new world
that we're all moving into right now and
of course it has competitors like
aetherium and others but I'm really
bullish on iOS for those reasons right
now I've been reading some of Dan
Lammers work and watching the videos and
so let's talk a little bit on the
technical level because the point that
he makes is that cryptocurrency Bitcoin
part of its charm is that it's
decentralized and it does not encourage
or gravitate toward centralization but
Dan points out that the way that the
rise of mining pools have happened in
Bitcoin you do have some concentration
which could lead to let's say you know
some some less of the decentralized
properties words with a OS there's an
attempt to break that trend and to make
it more truly decentralized and the
technology used is delegated proof of
stake so tell us a little
21 block producers who will be witnesses
and part of this delegated proof of
stake system as is you knows fish the
max the stasi involved at that as well
but could he tell us a little bit about
delegated proof of stake Jeff yeah I
should point out that we aren't so
necessarily going to be one of the 21
but we are hoping to be it is a voting
process and ours is called Liberty block
at Liberty block dot IO and as you
pointed out it's a very different system
than Bitcoin or even how ethereal has
been set up to date and
we should recognize that when Bitcoin
was started 2009 no one had ever done
anything like this before it was the
very first attempt at anything like this
and it's gone incredibly well I think
everyone to have to agree as you pointed
out you pointed that you brought back my
PTSD on some of the crypto stories with
the Mount GOx and all the crashes along
the way it hasn't been all roses along
the way at all and and part of that is
because this is a brand new technology
and now what we have is the sort of
second generation of people coming along
who have seen what this technology can
do what the value of it is how important
it is and are trying to improve on it in
various ways and we've seen different
approaches taken on it and probably the
biggest sort of competitor to EOS is
ethereal and it's a very different model
essentially aetherium is set up to be
essentially a certainly Big Brother
computer not in a bad way not like the
government but sort of a a a AI computer
that's incredibly smart and it makes a
lot of the decisions and how things work
in the ecosystem jan lira mira comes
from a bit more of an anarcho-capitalist
free market perspective and he says
let's let the market decide where it all
goes that's not actual human beings
decide now of course when humans get
involved those sorts of variables happen
including greed and collusion and all
that sort of thing but Dan's fairly
certain that those will be weeded out in
the free market so as you pointed out
Neos is delegated proof of stake
delegated essentially means that you can
vote if you own a O's tokens you can
vote not like in a government election
where you're using violence against
others we're just voting for what how
you'd like to see the ecosystem go and
you can elect as you mentioned this
there's going to be 21 block producers
that will be the the main block
producers and and here's us fish and
then there's Liberty block and there's
many others of course and we'll see what
the market decides and how that works
and as far as decentralization goes that
is a very tricky issue that you can look
at both sides as you pointed out bitcoin
is incredibly decentralized anyone in
the world can become a miner but due to
the nature of the way things work many
of those miners have turned into mining
pools that we now have less than
probably five or ten major mining pools
that control most of the Bitcoin mining
so in fact with
21 block producers and Yeo's which the
market can decide at any moment if it
wants to turn any of them off if anyone
is doing something they don't like they
can just stop their vote for it well
we'll see how that works so essentially
this is a complete experiment in true
free markets via blockchain technology
it's going to be incredibly fascinating
to see how it goes right so one thing
Dan Larimer did in the design of Eos
that I noticed is that transactions are
free which sounds like a very friendly
consumer choice to be made by the
designer
unlike let's say aetherium and I would
think that he's building on his
experience as you point out with
bitshares and with steam it so he's very
consumer facing in that regard he has
that experience of a consumer facing
crypto product and you know you
mentioned decentralization and mining if
I could just digress for a second and
get your comment on what's been
happening with some of these smaller
proof-of-work coins like Zen Cash
recently subjected to a 51% attack and
it seems like this is an increasingly
greater risk for some of these smaller
proof-of-work coins out there and the
crypto universe your thoughts yeah I
think that's an excellent point max
we're still trying to figure out and I
don't think it'll be figured out
completely for years maybe even decades
what the best way to do these things are
so there's many different people doing
different things and yes if you have a
smaller blockchain you have a lot more
risk you you have the risk of someone
being able to overpower the system if
you have the ability to via the way the
system is set up through mining to have
more than 51% share that's why Bitcoin
is so important so powerful because it's
so big now it's the largest
supercomputer in the world times 500 or
thousands even I think I believe now so
there's really no one that can just come
in and overpower the network a lot of
these smaller coins that have come out
and started their own blockchain and are
trying their own things they're starting
to realize that if you don't have the
mass you can very easily be taken over
or hacked or or have things change that
you that really no one wants except for
the person changing them and that's why
he says it's going to be very
interesting and definitely it's raised
over four billion dollars so far
it's got the attention of hundreds if
not thousands if not tens of thousands
of some of the smartest people in crypto
who are starting to develop on the
platform now and I think what we'll see
and we'll probably see a lot of things
move just from their own blockchain move
on to us itself including steam it could
move on to us bitshares could move on to
eos and that will make them much more
stable and and stronger and we'll see
how that goes of course the big issue
with aetherium has been today can it
scale it just had one app called crypto
kiddies which pretty much crashed the
entire system and dan Larimer says
through his way that he's created a OS
that it can handle tens of thousands up
to millions potentially of transactions
per second and he's already proven that
he can do that through Steam right you
know just it would it be fair to say
that your interest in crypto is it
supports your thought about liberty and
freedom
so the actual technology is not
something you spend a lot of time
thinking about but thinking about how
the technology impacts this notion of
liberty and freedom I think in that sir
you have in acapulco which of course is
almost a festival of this type now we've
been talking about Vitalik Peter and a
couple of times now he's weighed in and
he is suggesting that eeo c-couldn't ooh
cartels that will emerge to prevent this
open competition as you've described it
the voting that goes on for the 21 block
producers any weight to that argument
from Vitalik that you see Jeff when the
Telex speaks I listen he's a true genius
as is Dan Larimer I consider them both
to be the two top geniuses and
innovators in the space so I never
discount anything but Alec says but it
is interesting they both diverge on this
one issue should we control things from
the top-down using computers and AI
possibly or should we let the market and
people run the ecosystem themselves
we'll see this is what's going to be so
fascinating in the next year or two we
will find out which method is the better
method I'm sure I'm pretty sure both
will work but one will probably be these
be the actual winner of this and you'll
be able to see with a few years
which which system work best I truly
don't know which system is going to work
best that's the beauty of the free
market no nothing's ever been tried like
a Oh so that's why I'm watching
incredibly carefully and incredibly
excited to be involved in it because I
think this could be world-changing if it
succeeds right some people compared to
early days of computing and which
operating systems would win out and
that's what we see now in crypto space
so tell us more about your block
producer over there
ao Scott Liberty so what are some of the
products and services that you guys are
you know gonna be doing with there if
you become one of the twenty one block
producers Jeff yeah it's called Liberty
block it's at Liberty blocked IO IO
we've teamed up with Evera pedia which
is I think going to be the first air
drop on yose essentially ever PD as a
competitor to sort of Wikipedia but
based on the blockchain so it can't be
controlled like Wikipedia has now become
we're also working with Iike guy asset
management which are the more the tech
guys who really work on the tech and
they've been working like crazy getting
this all launched the last few weeks so
so really it's about the team and it's
very heavily anarcho-capitalist team and
we we our tagline is from
decentralisation comes freedom and
essentially that's points out what you
just mentioned max is that I consider
freedom to be the most important thing
for Humanity it's the best thing for our
prosperity for peace on earth is to have
a complete freedom and I believe that
cos has that ability to do so and is set
up that way and we intend to be one of
the block producers that really focuses
the most on making sure that it keeps
its anarcho-capitalist true freedom
routes and one of our products that we
we already started to do is an actual
online way to vote for AOS block
producers as you may know right now in
order to do it you have to be pretty
techy and no command-line and stuff like
that so we're setting up I think you can
go to vote dot Liberty block dot IO and
it's already set up and you can actually
vote using a graphical user interface
that's a first step of us trying to help
this ecosystem to really get rolling in
these early days
excellent Jeff Berwick thanks for being
on the Kaiser report
always a pleasure max all right well
that's gonna do it for this edition of
the Kaiser report with some nice guys
runner stays here I want to thank our
guest Jeff Berwick
if you want to catch us on Twitter it's
cause a report until next time
by Oh
