and I can speak now to Ron Paul you know
exactly who he is former US congressman
founder of the Ron Paul Institute for
peace and prosperity the man that too
many Americans would have liked to have
seen President as well pleasure to have
you on Ron g7 leaders they seem hurt by
these new US tariffs the question is can
they do anything about it can they do
anything to retaliate or is it just hot
air well I think they can but I'm not
optimistic that they will because they
complain about it but I'm not sure there
is determined because I think that
United States still intimidates a few of
them and we do have a lot of power we
have the military power we have the
control of the international financial
system we have the at the dollar system
and that we put on sanctions so they're
easily intimidated but I think long term
something will happen because I think
there will be enough annoyance by our
policies that maybe there will be an
alternative to the dollar as the reserve
currency of the world and I know Russia
and China and India and some of these
other countries would like to see that
happen so I think it'll come that way
but I don't think I don't think it's
much it's going to happen at this
meeting matter buddy I think Trump's
looking forward to it because he he
thrives on this and I think he'd be
handled better with silence rather than
playing his game of starting to say hey
mr. Trump you're a bad guy why are you
doing this we're going to gang up on you
because I don't think they'll follow
through but Trump Trump loves a battle
like this and I think there'll be a lot
of battling there but not much will come
of it but it is it is a serious problem
what's going on especially if one does
not like terrorists in a tariff war and
I think that's a consequence of many bad
policy including monetary policy so a
tariff war is just horrible and
eventually it will hurt United States a
whole lot but right now we still were
powerful and Trump has a bully pulpit
and he has a lot of a lot of wealth
behind it he has the military behind it
and I'm afraid that too many people roll
over and are in
imitated by his threats why won't they
take action is it pure fear is there
something they could do getting together
what if they just bombarded the US with
tariffs collectively it would that still
not influence well well I think it's an
unknown they know that we're powerful
and I thought it was a little bit
encouraged when the Europeans spoke out
after Trump took us out of the nuclear
agreement with Iran I thought well the
Europeans will stand up to it this is
business
you know the libertarian looks at trade
in a very positive way because we think
trade is the answer to the fighting the
more trade you do unless you know the
fight I think you know Russia has been
providing goods and services to Europe
why why are we why are even they
participating in our policies of putting
missiles up on the border because it's
traded it'll bring us together and
that's why Europeans you and I were
getting to like this idea of buying and
selling with the Iranians but all of a
sudden I think the noise that we hear
now is well we we have to be careful and
maybe they think truffle back down which
he might you know a lot of times
look how hostile he was to North Korea
and all of a sudden you know his tune
changed but I think that might just be
strategy too because people are looking
at that and they're not paying enough
attention to some other hot spots in the
world mainly in into Europe in the
Middle East and and what's going on
there so I still think that the power
that we have is the world's policeman
and the world financier is that people
are afraid at least on the short-run
that they will be injured but I think
that most of the people the leaders of
the other six countries are going to try
to be really really tough on Trump and
make a lot of noise because they have to
look tough they're going to go home and
they're going to say look I stood up to
the president and yet that is not the
answer because Trump usually wins all
those types of arguments he proved it in
our campaigning he just took that over
and he said things and did things and
controlled the media he's almost like
don't cross me or I'll start twittering
what you're doing and and and sometimes
I think they backed on that may change
it may even change it this weekend if it
gets out of control but I think it
toward the end it would be smooth
sailing and they're going to agree on
something and even Trump is going to
come around say all right I'll sign I'll
sign the agreement and we're coming
together and agree on something but they
they're not even addressing the real
problems which is financial debt that
get going on the central banking the
business cycle that I'm so interested in
and the message of free trade and then
people who are arguing against Trump
aren't for free trade some of them are
calling him isolationist he's not an
isolationist he's a globalist and he's
an authoritarian and and we have an
empire so he is far from an isolationist
so oh that noise doesn't do much good
Ron you said a moment ago you think that
this will end with some kind of
agreement on both sides we're talking
about the president who wrote the art of
the deal was this the plan all along is
he leveraging EU countries is either
getting them off side just as a way of
rima new virile min to position to back
his sanctions on Iran i I think so and I
think that's why the markets aren't so
worried I mean ordinarily if you just
lay it out there on what he's saying and
planning to do and what it could lead to
the markets will shouldn't be euphoric
so they don't believe that's going to
happen but I don't think anybody knows
exactly what's going to happen because
sometimes when push comes to shove more
things happen and that people are
expecting but right now he might be just
maneuvering they're betting on that and
he has done that on foreign policy but
there are certain things that he does
not back down on for instance he did he
campaigned on he did not back down in on
Iran Iran and that's why we're moving in
this direction so maybe he'll stick to
his guns on these on these tariffs but
they're punishing us the American
taxpayer the American consumer and he's
punishing our allies so it really
doesn't make any sense if it comes
through that he does everything and he's
threatened to do yeah I think it'll
crash the market but right now people
say no and he's talked this way before
this this way
see we'll maneuver and we'll pretend we
get something from it
and March on so it's sort of an unknown
and I think it'll be interesting and
worth watching over this weekend but I
just don't think anything real positives
coming up because I don't think they
talk about the real problems that caused
our our climate of hostility in trading
and coming up with this because I think
it all has to do with fiat currencies
and the dollar reserve currency that
causes these imbalances because when we
get to print the money and spend it and
we don't have to earn it
that causes imbalances for us to say
that we with our economy booming blaming
it on everybody else that eventually
people going to get tired hearing that
can we just hypothesize for one moment
let's imagine this was the game plan all
along
EU countries back down on Iran they
support sanctions Trump backs off on his
tariffs which you think would be a
disaster so no danger there he
negotiates peace on the Korean Peninsula
is this absolute genius from Donald
Trump he could get all the things that
he said he was going to aim for or is it
extremely dangerous to be playing these
games with what were major allies well I
think it's dangerous and I hope the
danger dissipates and I hope he does
have something up his sleeve but his
close advisors I go by appointments and
advisers and even the individuals
traveling with him theoretically will be
travelling with him to North Korea the
the summit aren't friends of Liberty and
they're not there they're there to
maintain a hostility to North Korea so
as much as I have praised the opening up
and the willingness to talk I want to
see it first I sure hope that my
skepticism is wrong but I think he sort
of maybe personally liked the idea that
he would be seen as a as a peacemaker so
this this hope that is the case but
right now I think it's dangerous you ask
whether it's danger I think it's very
dangerous because there are sometimes
unintended consequences sometimes people
say and do
things sometimes there are unintended
consequences and sometimes there are
false flags that come up and I don't
like what's happening in the South China
Sea you know I believe that we should
have a powerful Navy
it's okay with me to have the most
powerful in the world I'd like to keep
it in Tikal from Mexico or someplace
close but I don't I don't think we need
to be so insecure there we have to be
patrolling the South China Seas that
kind of stuff doesn't make any sense to
me Ron it's been a pleasure speaking to
you some fascinating views Ron Paul my
guest former US congressman founder of
the Ron Paul Institute for peace and
prosperity
you
