now in a bid to win back users trust
Facebook is splashing out on a series of
news programs exclusively for its video
streaming service
I'm Shepard Smith on Facebook live with
a fox news update for welcome to full
circle CNN's live nightly newscast here
on Facebook those videos most coming
Devils in red this is yes bunny
influence and power public corruption is
all around us
well as she saw there the shows will be
produced by us-based media outlets from
different sides of the political
spectrum from CNN to Fox News and it's
reported that the social media giant has
set aside a ninety million dollar budget
for the project but despite its rapidly
growing involvement with mainstream
media back in April chief executive Mark
Zuckerberg was reluctant to acknowledge
the platform's pivotal role in the news
industry which are you are you a tech
company are you the world's largest
publisher do we feel a responsibility
for the content on our platform the
answer to that I think is clearly yes
and but I don't think that that's
incompatible with fundamentally yet at
our core being a technology company
where the main thing that we do is have
engineers and build products okay well
we can get thoughts now if Niall Wallace
he's media commentator and also the
former editor of Britain's news of the
world so he knows what he's talking
about when it comes to news Niall good
to have you on thanks for your time this
afternoon um what are your thoughts here
about Facebook's move do you think it
will return a certain amount of public
trust into the company no I don't see
why it should at all and I think it's
very revealing and whether Zuckerberg
realizes outside his u.s. bubble what
he's doing here but he is actually
putting his hands up and saying yes we
are a publisher now that is going to
have enormous ramifications for the
company in the rest of the world outside
the US never mind
inside it now the big issue of course is
what is Zuckerberg track record his
business know-how his expertise go
gained over his short life
about the science the itch industry of
publishing you know what it's difficult
it's hard it's very difficult to strike
balances and where is he going to find
the expertise that he's going to get
guide him through it that he's not
simply going to be a pale reflection of
the classic North American politically
correct soft left
elitist metropolitan world I think it's
going to be really difficult for him to
do and I think it's going to be not a
good thing necessarily for the Facebook
audience what do you make of his choice
then of channels that he says he's going
to allow onto his platform many of them
previously we'll look at CNN I mean very
fake news if you listen to Donald Trump
well I I had a brief look at the list
I saw one mention of what you might call
a right-of-center
organization and the rest were
unremittingly dull American networks and
the American networks are cursed by
political correctness by being soft
liberal metropolitan elite it's the
curse of American media what it doesn't
do is reflect the view say in Germany in
London in Adelaide in Pakistan and
Facebook here by looking at that my
initial look at the lineup is simply
thinking oh it's very cozy here in the
rich southern sorry western states of
america and in new york will just
reproduce some of the same old stuff and
everybody will be happy
I'm a fate afraid that doesn't really
work do you think Neil he could be
perhaps out of touch with Facebook uses
he might just actually agree with what
you've just said we get our news from
elsewhere we don't want to be fed all
the same stuff we get on a network back
at home well it's a very good point
apart from Facebook in the main when
it's not pumping out what you could call
fake news Garner's much of its material
from standard if you like what you might
call old media it churns out what the
New York Times is presenting it turns
out the Washington Post the London Times
the mainstream media they simply take
their material from there because
they're not run by June
but what they are now doing is trying to
create themselves wholesale into
publishing it is a very very difficult
trade publishing getting it right is
very difficult and the will without
question because if it happens in every
single news organization in the world
there will be a culture developed within
it and it will be very powerful and that
will affect what it's producing okay
Neil look really good to talk to you
really interesting but we have to leave
it there appreciate your time today that
was near Wallis media commentator and
former editor of the news of the world
in the UK thank you
you
