French lawmakers are debating a new law
on fighting fake news to hand the bill
has been criticized as an attack on
freedom of speech but it's been
enthusiastically promoted by the French
president Emmanuel macron himself as
artis Charlotte Lewinsky explains the
Liberty premier gala Liberty the basic
freedom is the freedom of expression
which always comes with the freedom of
conscience and of thought and that
constitutes the basis for the counter
power vital to our democracy this
illiberal temptation it must be taken
seriously well the French president is a
vocal defender of democracy and press
freedom on top of that he's on a crusade
against fake news the bill he initiated
is aimed protecting European elections
from all kinds of disinformation spread
in the media elections fakes media you
have all of the key elements but one it
seems is missing this noise aimed at
specifically Russian media because at
the time when the law was imagine
everybody thought that the Russian was
responsible for what happened the United
States since then there was lots of
investigation
very very few evidence concerning the
Russian of course no surprises here
president Mac corn is not a fan of
Russian media and of our channel in
particular today Russia today and
Sputnik have not behaved as media
outlets and journalists but as organs of
influence and false propaganda
Tony
and obviously we just except my box if
passed the bill would allow French
judges to block the publication of any
information deemed to be false ahead of
elections not definitely false but
deemed to be but how efficient can these
measures be well it could backfire
because basically if you sense for
something you're going to point
everybody's attention to it and there is
no way you can sense your efficiently
the Internet so everybody will be
looking for the central news and because
it's censored many many people in France
will believe that's the truth even
though it's probably not the government
though defends the initiative saying
that it has nothing to do with reducing
freedom of expression but vice versa
it's only to protect it there is no
foreign media in the country available
to the French audience I mean what
foreign media beside RT News which is
not really widespread in France let's be
honest here I can have two internet
providers at home SFR and orange sodas
are the two major internet providers and
in France for those of you who don't
know you have TV with your internet
provider I don't have RT news on my TV
so I don't have access to a car to news
other than having access using the
internet online on the web so it's not
gonna change much honestly there's
nothing to be afraid of
you
