okay now is getting even harder Portugal
would why of course of course because of
my hearts but read it as match and then
Spain against Russia I think we're very
lucky with the draw because Spain is
really a fantastic team and learns
France against Nigeria I would say
France is going to win and we decide the
gent in Australia and I'm going to leave
because I cannot predict this Oh Brazil
Mexico
I like Brazil team Germany Switzerland
Jurgen England Poland England is in the
quarter-final in Belgium Senegal like an
African team in the quarter-final what I
cannot do it
so Belgium is there oh this is very
beautiful one day I have to be here look
at this Wow
Portugal France we get ought to beat you
with you again Spain Argentina were the
best team against a good team with that
little fellow I go further whereas in
England a big man
it's not bad for me that my place they
go on a holiday and Germany Germany is
Germany so one more second final for
Germany
Wow look at these two South Americans
the big rivals Brazil and Argentina
there will be an champion big Germany
that's by this time I will be already
training with Manchester United but I
think I don't know train
I'll be watching and he's getting really
difficult so we cannot leave now
we'll have so much expertise from josie
marino don't miss it on Rt
you
