of Lords has been stung with a new memo
on their transgressions according to
media reports the list does include
shouting audible conversation and also
falling asleep Arty's Polly Boyko
explains why a midday nap in Parliament
is such a sensitive issue most members
of the House of Lords which is the upper
chamber of the British Parliament have
been around the block for quite some
time the average age in the Lord's
chamber is 69 and from the breadth of
their experience the Lord's job is to
scrutinize British law and that can be
pretty tiring so much so that even the
most hardworking and conscientious Lords
and politicians can get a little sleepy
well rumor has it that the Lords have
now received a quiet telling off for
falling asleep in the chamber according
to The Times newspaper conservative
peers have received an email telling
them that their behavior in there isn't
up to scratch and it said that the other
political parties are sending a similar
reprimand to their lords but according
to established parliamentary convention
peers are allowed to quote rest their
eyes so I'm armed with photos of
sleeping Lords or sleepy looking Lords
and I want Londoners to help me
determine which of these are just
resting their eyes and which are most
definitely in the Land of Nod
he's definitely sleeping it looks like
he might be resting his eyes they've
just been told off for sleeping too much
in the chamber guys lost all control of
his neck so he's definitely sleeping I
think he'd be asleep and he might be
resting but I don't know he's just
looking down isn't he not guilty not
guilty what about what about these two
asleep resting his eyes you think they
should be allowed to have a little Kip
in the chamber that's lots of hard work
doing a no scrutinizing legislation I
would think not
there's a place of work I wouldn't be
allowed to and now if I went to work so
why should they I'd love to be paid for
having a Kip in in my office you think
they should be allowed to have a little
Kip in the chamber I can do wherever
they want as far as I can stand they're
all gentlemen and they deserve a little
bit respect it's a long day they're just
listening to other people all day long
so they're getting on a bit so I'll let
them have that well to be fair Britain
is far from the only country whose
parliamentarians do nod off once in a
while although one exception might be
France at the moment where lawmakers are
complaining that the new president's
energetic reform strive is giving them
no chance for rest in recent weeks we've
sat for 80 hours per week we've sat for
the last 17 days consecutively this is
not how a parliament normally functions
it is not allowing us to really carry
out legislative work to make good laws
we are exasperated and for some of us
exhausted this isn't the normal life of
a parliamentarian staying night and day
we're not trying to tug on the
heartstrings this is not a good way of
legislating
you
