the US Congress is about to decide
whether to widen the wall powers of
Donald Trump the new bill allows the
President to decide whom and where to
fight with critics fearing Capitol Hill
is formally giving away its controls the
bill met fierce resistance on Wednesday
we've gone through 17 years of war you
adopt this proposal we'll have a hundred
and seventy more a loaded gun in a desk
drawer of the president ready for him to
take it out and shoot it whenever he
wants and it will put war-making on
autopilot do I want my 16 year old go
into war against al-shabaab and Somalia
my boys have never lived in a country
that has not been at war both of them my
son probably can't find Somali on a map
and probably very few people even in
this room know who all Shabaab is cane
corker passes and there are no limits on
war let it be known that there were at
least some of us who warned the new bill
seeks to replace the 2001 war
Authorization Act among other things it
grants the president the right to
include new groups on the terrorist list
without informing the public
interestingly though one of the
legislators behind the bill earlier
claimed that Congress has been granting
a license to wage war for too long and
some US media have scoffed at
legislative saying they don't even know
what's in their own bill despite the
bill extending the president's War
Powers here's what the bills authors
think about Donald Trump
the president has great difficulty with
truth
on many issues he's proven himself
unable to rise to the occasion you know
who I don't trunk hmm I wonder Donald
Trump
Donald Trump doubtedly they liked the
idea of the president being some sort of
a king we go to war when he wishes what
a disconnect here you have these two and
many others in Washington a calling
Trump and a mentally unstable and all
sorts of even worse things and then you
want to give him the authority to go to
war when he wants it's crazy war is what
Washington is made of war is
Washington's number-one export this
Congress officially throwing up his arms
and saying you know what we give up it's
all over we're just gonna sit back sit
in front of the camera collect our
paychecks and do nothing
you
