hey it's Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report Stacy max I'm going to introduce
you to the Medici family and it's
important to know about them in case you
don't know anything about history and
many of us don't but they are in our
news today because we have something
called the Medici cycle happening here
in America but first remember they are
the house of Medici they were in the
Republic of Florence they ruled the
Republic of Florence and then expanded
their power across Europe they installed
family members and is like Catherine de
Medici in France the Queen of France the
Pope's in Italy you know they became
powerful in the first half of the 15th
century because we're a banking family
who were first to really use the power
of double-entry bookkeeping so they were
the ones that became very powerful from
that which is interesting in today when
we have Bitcoin and triple entry
bookkeeping so they became powerful
through that they brought us the likes
they were patronage of the Arts they had
some like from da Vinci - Raphael they
financed these guys so you know they did
bring us some good stuff but the warning
on it is coming up really yeah no they
were fantastically wealthy at that time
and what happened then well America the
Medici cycle and the corporate powers
and politics a recent paper by Luigi
Zingales of the University of Chicago
titled towards a political theory of the
firm deals with the issue of rent
seeking behavior by monopolistic firms
through political influence neoclassical
theory assumes that firms have no power
of Fiat any different from ordinary
market contracting thus off fortiori no
power to influence the rules of the game
writes in galleys in the real world
firms have such power I argued that the
more firms have market power the more
they have the ability and the need to
gain political power thus market
concentration can easily lead to a
Medici vicious circle where money
is used to get political power and
political power is used to make money so
you obviously see that across America
now you see these giant corporations
spend enormous amounts on lobbyists but
they spend an even more enormous amount
on funding campaign funding super PACs
Citizens United the Supreme Court
allowed for these corporations to spend
unlimited amounts of money and why do
they spend why are they spending more
and more money in America well because
the likes of Occupy Wall Street because
of all these activist groups because of
people starting teachers striking across
America is they're starting to strike
and protest against the monopolistic
pricing power that many many
corporations in the telecoms industry in
the health care industry and the
pharmaceutical industry have and then
the stress the ordinary population is
enduring you're seeing that they're
rising up and getting politically active
and casting their votes for anybody who
will destroy the the pricing power of
these monopolies and the monopolies are
therefore to protect themselves poor
more and more money into buying the
politicians who won't listen to the
people I guess the question is is it
inevitable
in other words ok the Medici family was
engaged in massive political financial
corruption which led to concentration of
wealth and ultimately the downfall of
that country so in America you have a
similar corruption playing out we call
it money in politics and people try to
get rid of the lobbyists and this is
cycles being played out all over again
and so the question is is it inevitable
the US was created with in an eye toward
separation of powers and an eye toward
distribution of power and trying to
mitigate against the risk of wealth
concentration and it lasted quite a long
time but now these lobbyists have come
in they've changed the constitution
they've changed the bill of rights so
they do n run around the bill of rights
so I'm thinking about this whole net
neutrality debate that's clearly a
violation of speech the second First
Amendment and so you have a repudiation
of the basic concepts of the founding
fathers due to this medici cycle or
corruption
but is it inevitable I mean it just
seems like there's nothing gonna stop it
at the moment it seems like this is how
we're fading as an empires partly
because of this and you could see how it
happened back then okay so the Medici
family should they have been compensated
for the the first to basically market
and create a lot of wealth through using
double-entry bookkeeping should they be
penalized for that they were the first
to figure it out but at a point where
they've bought an ax you know they
become very wealthy they become very
close to princes and other leaders at
the time they then start having so much
wealth that they create great works of
public art the likes of Warren Buffett
and Bill Gates today they publicly very
publicly give huge amounts of money on
paper anyway they say that we're giving
billions of dollars to fight malaria
we're giving billions of dollars to all
these good causes and it does work you
see a lot of people feel like Warren
Buffett is cuddly and a nice guy and why
would you have any problem with his you
know even he by the way his wealth he
himself he states it publicly he said it
in his shareholder newsletter that he
looks for companies that have monopoly
pricing power it just emerged for
example that he tried to invest three
billion dollars in uber what is uber
seeking by losing money big time right
now is they're seeking to destroy all
the competition in order to have
monopoly pricing power okay but who
created the wealth was it the Medici
family or was it the artists of the
Renaissance so the artists of the
Renaissance created a distribution of
power away from the feudal lords of the
Middle Ages and so you had wealth
distribution then the Medicis came in
and they reimpose dwell 'the
concentration so and to try to avoid a
populist uprising in the pitchforks they
throw a few bones at a couple artists
and say hey we love your work here's you
know some shekels to go bill some more I
have this
they did finance some of the most
spectacular arts da Vinci was one of the
greatest artists of all time and he
would relied on the Medici family for a
lot of his funding so it's not like they
didn't participate in that but in terms
of what's happening in America and how
the process happens is in galleys and
this is actually a piece from
Constantine gird give there are also
symmetric incentives for the firms to
engage in rent-seeking as in galleys
notes if the ability to influence the
political power increases with economic
power so doesn't a need to do so because
the greater the market power a firm has
the greater the fear of expropriation by
the political power this sounds strange
but it is quite intuitive as a firm
gains market power its prices rise above
the marginal cost yielding abnormal
economic profits to the firm at the
expense of consumers the government's
can and do claim political mandate to
limit these profits by taxing the
markets dominant firms profits either
through regulation or direct taxation
thus expropriating part of the abnormal
returns I want to point out that you
know Trump is a business guy first and
now he's president and you know you saw
that tweet Trump says major drug
companies to announce massive voluntary
price decreases in two weeks this is
part of that fear of these
pharmaceutical companies who have
intellectual property they have the
State Department they have the whole
government on their side to enforce
these strict intellectual property
rights and to jack up prices a hundred
percent 200% 300% a year and their
life-saving drugs and a lot of people
you saw this in the 2016 election you
saw it in the 2012 election you saw it
in the 2008 election president after
president you know political candidate
after political candidate claims that
they're going to fight this one issue
that Americans are really against her
against the banking monopolies and
they're against these pharmaceutical and
healthcare monopolies that are imposing
so much severe costs on their basic
necessities of life and they keep on
vowing to stop this monopoly pricing
power as Trump is recognizing here but
of course he's not doing it through
regulation and he's not doing it through
government
he's just asking them for voluntary
price decreases allowing them to remain
Medici sort of you know power centers to
refer to something in the text that
you're reading they're they are talking
about a normal rate of return so the
business community which is owns the
media and they own most of the
government would argue there is no
normal rate of return or a Milton
Friedman type argument would be like our
only responsibility is to create a
maximum rate of return and it could be
an infinite rate of return and there is
no excessive rate of return that could
be considered deleterious to society at
large now my view is that instead of
trying to establish what a normal rate
of return is there should be more of a
competitive environment yes and by
introducing competition in two ways
let the interest rates in the economy be
set by the market and not a Politburo
not the Stasi that is the central bank
and introduce universal basic income
and/or fund the arts and entertainment
in a huge way to create an offsetting
incentive and competition to rein in
this predatory monopolistic they do
point out in this article is too long to
go into it but they do say the abnormal
rates of return happen only when there's
no competition that it happens in an
absence of competition because if you
could dig a rock out there and sell it
and you your profit margin is a hundred
percent usually competitors come in and
say well you can make so much money
doing that and it drives the the return
down to just basically a little bit
about the business cycle saying that
they're destroying there so we've seen
that of course with Bank they do as you
pointed out this ended up destroying
Italy having this very powerful family
they were great guys perhaps and they
and they helped a lot of the arts and
they were nice people and cuddly perhaps
like Warren Buffett we don't know but
the fear is of what I call a Medici
vicious circle in which money is used to
gain political power and political power
is then used to make more money in the
case of medieval Italy
it turned Florence from one of the most
industrialized and powerful cities in
Europe to a marginal province of a
foreign Empire at least the Medici
period left some examples of great
artistic beauty in Florence I am Not
sure that market capitalism of the 21st
century will be able to do the same
right they need a new Renaissance to
weed out the potentates and aristocrats
that during the Middle Ages created the
lords and serfs and the Dark Ages and
now we have of course triple entry
bookkeeping with crypto community and
that is the new Renaissance Satoshi is
the new da Vinci and we're patrons of
the new Renaissance of art like Alex
Shaffer who's burning down the banks on
canvas you know as a representation of
what needs to happen to stop this Medici
vicious cycle patronage but without
being patronizing hey don't go away much
work cut Michael Hudson will be in the
second half don't go away
welcome back to the kasseri part I'm Max
Keiser time now to go to somebody who
will explain how in fact the world got
so insane and we did the expertise the
deep thinking and the Renaissance like
mindset of dr. Michael Hudson welcome to
the Kaiser report max I just heard some
rumor you were in China okay break it
down for us what's happening there trade
talk trade war House Trump impacting
that country well there wasn't much talk
of the trade war there was much talk
about that whether it's going to go
privatization route you remember last
year for the last two years actually
there was a big fight against corruption
and the government's response to
corruption has been probably the only
response that could have taken and
that's bureaucracy but then it finds it
bureaucracies really tightened up the
government budget and the budget of
universities I'm a professor at Peking
University and so they've looked for
more and more partnerships with the
private sector even for large
conferences like I was just that they
needed private sponsors to help pay the
air fares and bring people by business
class instead of regular class so
there's a spreading reliance on
privatization is the alternative to
corruption so what that does of course
is the privatized corruption and the big
debate is over whether to let private
banks into China the American
administration has been pushing the
little banks take off and this goes hand
in hand with what their real economic
tension is and that's the real estate
that price it's their real estate prices
have continued to go up almost entirely
because of bank lending and what I was
trying to say and what my friend David
Harvey was trying to say was to say hey
you guys are marxist politically but how
about looking at what Marx wrote
economically vol.3 of capital where he
talked about the sole
expanding tendency of credit and if you
American banks in how are they going to
get business they're going to get
business by lending to real estate
just like Chinese government banks do
and private lenders but they're going to
try to make easier terms easier credit
lower down payment and the effect is
going to be two-bit up housing prices
orlimar and you're going to have what
happened in the shanghai property market
occur in Beijing Tianjin Wuhan and other
Chinese cities and this is going to
create a bifurcated society it's going
to raise your housing prices and
undercut your long-term competitive
position because you could say
internationally if prices are a
reflection of wage levels and wage
levels are what it costs to buy housing
and pay the banks for the mortgage
necessary to get a housing then you're
going to fall for the Western finance
capitalist sickness well our arguments
didn't get all therefore that far but
the response we got was largely from the
women and the women all said in China if
they're going to get married they have
to find a guy whose family is given him
an apartment to start
apparently the women can't get that it's
very hard for women to get our salaries
to pay so I can see the China is
following the Asian route of women
getting paid much less than men and that
actually is the key to their export
competitiveness because if you look at
the assembly lines in Korea or China you
find the export industries there are all
women they're not men so you have a man
having a high salary find the apartment
and able to support a wife or other
women at a very low earn such a low
income comparatively because of the
inequality that there the export
competitiveness the export
competitiveness is based on male
supremacy you could say that's one
problem the second problem is that China
wants to avoid a rural ex
into the cities it doesn't want the kind
of overcrowding that has led to slums in
Latin America Africa and other countries
so what it does in order to limit
Beijing or Kim Chen or are they studies
you have to have a passport for that
city meaning you pretty much have to be
born in that city well that means that a
students at Peking University come from
outlying areas rural districts once they
graduate they can't get a job in Beijing
or an apartment they have to either go
back to their cities of origin until
they can Beijing needs other labor or
they go to work for a institution like a
university that has housing for its own
employees like a college or a high
school that provides housing for its
teachers so it's very much like the old
Soviet system used to be where every
company would provide housing for its
workers entertainment for its workers
and you're having this kind of
segmentation of the economy taking place
and the question is how are they going
to break it down they haven't solved it
yet but that is the main problem that
they're working on that China of course
entered the World Trade Organization
under Clinton and since then the economy
has expanded magnificently they
transitioned from essentially communism
to capitalism with that deal and they've
had an uninterrupted run of growth and
what you're suggesting and what I'm
reading is that they're now trying to
figure out how to handle a contraction
to that growth and the PlayBook of
course in capitalism the system that
they're emulating is to let the losers
die and don't bail them out you know in
a pure capitalist society of course you
don't see that in America anymore but in
the purest of a capitalist notion where
as in communism of course that would not
be the case so it seems like there's a
split philosophically here now that
they've have this
run this enormous GDP expansion thanks
to inclusion in the WTO now they're
facing and you a different problem in
their history modern history I see you
shaking your head so with my off-base
work what do you have to say to that I
don't think it's the WTO real trade
organization that's been spurring them
China's path of development so far is
almost identical to the American path of
development in the 19th century and the
German path of development and that of
England before it's a mixed economy and
the key to its mixed economy is the
government has a takes control of the
infrastructure and provides basic
infrastructure services like education
roads transportation either freely or at
a loss it's the low cost infrastructure
that made America so competitive in the
late 19th century and early 20th century
now the route credit organization is
basically Milton Friedman Margaret
Thatcher saying privatize everything you
can't have a mixed economy only the
united states can ever mix the economy
and it's mixed economy is going to be
basically military technology and
monopolies to make China and other
countries dependent so China has no
intention of letting America dismantle
it's a mixed economy and right now you
have the ideological attack from
Washington saying you've got to
privatize your schools so that your
students will have to take on a student
debt just like Americans and you have to
privatize your education so you can have
as rotten and expensive transportation
system as London and you can just
essentially commit economic suicide
won't you please do that and I be joined
the West and China has no antenna says
there was a lot of discussion about we
don't want to do what the Russians did
who had because the Russians had never
read Marx they didn't understand
capitalism and I had no idea what was in
store for them when they let neoliberals
plan their economy in the 1990s
China has maintained a doulica a mixed
economy with the public sector so it's
going to continue to do this and as you
can see with the fight over IT
technology right now it wants to be free
of America's ability to create a
technology monopoly to make it dependent
and so you're having this this attention
political tension there of wanting to
sort of avoid having a military conflict
with the United States
Olivia style or Russia style well it's
still trying to maintain the export
markets to get enough money to buy the
technology and the raw materials that it
needs to continue growing
I didn't say because you did say though
that the government has come down on
corruption which in turn has decreased
the GDP growth which has then inspired
the government to go to the private
sector and invite privatization and
you're saying of course then you're just
privatizing the corruption I get that so
but why would you then make the next
step and say that they have a political
philosophical ideological problem here
because they've not experienced a
wholesale collapse not since the 1930s
maybe has there been a huge collapse in
China you know and so how would they get
if the people are in revolt and they
have a history of revolting I mean how
are they going to calm folks it's a
trick question max
the slower the GDP growth the faster the
economy grows because the GDP is a fake
measure the GDP doesn't measure growth
it measures how all the growth in
America of GDP since 2008 has been the
banking sector the fire sector finance
insurance and real estate it's a
fictitious growth in the West China has
avoided fictitious growth and it's
pursued the kind of growth that doesn't
show up in GDP namely low-cost services
provided
by government investment that isn't
counted in in the GDP so China is does
not follow a statistical measure of
growth like the west notes in China
statistics quite that are talking about
real growth their growth is continuing
it's not taking the form of a
construction like as it was before it's
not taking the American form of
increasing banking it's not taking the
form of increasing debt service like in
America but I can assure you that the
economy is continuing to grow just as it
was before but this doesn't show up in
the GDP statistics because they don't
follow the the GDP statistics they're
designed by the financial sector to
celebrate itself ok let's look at the
other side of the equation here let's
look at America you of course wrote
wrote super imperialism many say that
the u.s. Empire is on its last legs
we've got a study out the top 10 percent
of Americans are the new aristocracy
controlling huge vast sums of wealth
life expectancy in America is down info'
mortality is up student debts over one
and a half trillion you know it looks
bad what so how if we only have about a
minute but how would you characterize
the American Empire at the moment
fighting desperately to keep its control
over other countries and try to say that
all the growth of other countries has to
be paid in the United States it's trying
to do this by replacing placing the old
kind of colonialism with a monopoly
trade it wants to monopolize all the
high-technology
all the finance everything that other
countries need for essentials in its own
hands so that it can siphon off their
growth to itself and other countries are
breaking away
China's breaking away Russia doesn't
know which way it's going to go and
we're seeing the tensions play out in
Europe right now when America's saying
don't buy cheap Russian gas buy
expensive American liquefied gas and the
Germans say whatever you say and the
English say ok so
it sounds like a good joke is in there
somewhere we're got to do that the next
time dr. michael hudson thanks for being
on the Kaiser report and that's gonna do
it for this edition of the Kaiser report
with me max Kaiser and Staci Herbert
like to thank our guest dr. Michael
Hudson if you want to reach us on
Twitter it's Kaiser report until next
time bye y'all
