we were you know I'm sorry Canada they
are in a trade war with the United
States and you've seen quite recently
Chancellor Germany in thanks president
but maybe not publicly but do they say
that it's high time the sanctions should
be dropped or they're waiting for some
approval from be from Washington to do
that it's not just about our
conversations we do have those private
conversations we talk to leaders of
France Germany Austria European
countries and again we have very good
cooperation with Asia and right now they
started to make public statements on
that one of the ministers of the French
government recently said that you could
not allow the u.s. to become the
economic policeman of the world and the
former finance minister of Germany
publicly said that has never been a
sovereign state following the 1945
everyone's seeing what's happening
understand what's happening but our
partners never thought that this
counterproductive policy related with
sanctions and trade restrictions would
never apply to them they would never be
affected but this is what is happening
to die you have steel aluminium tariffs
not just for Europe or Canada and Mexico
have been affected too these are
sanctions
it's just they use all the line another
language but why why have the targeted
have the annexed Crimea as some of our
partners say no it's due to pragmatic
national interests of the u.s. the way
they interpreted by
the current administration Omega value
ie Minister we go back to what I said we
need to have a shared interpretation
than shared rules both in security and
economic cooperation when you mine a
common understanding common definition
common rules back in 2007 system I
remember I was talking at the Munich
Security Conference and it's been often
quoted statements and back then many of
my colleagues got angry they said it was
too tough they said it was inappropriate
but what was I talking about as I said
the US have been using their laws beyond
the borders and this is unacceptable
that's exactly what's happening to tie
but right now European and other
partners are affected are the victims
why because no one wanted to listen back
then no one did anything to reverse that
trend or nip it in the bud and well
voila you get where you get your food
served well yeah I wanted to bring up a
joke from one of the famous movies but I
don't want to get too rude and again we
don't want to make jokes about it it's
not time for jokes
we are partners realizing that it's time
to sit down at the negotiating table and
start talking about common rules that
would allow the global economy to
develop efficiently
