also some exception around 40 MO and we
have one message just after the topic so
will we see this third world war well
remember Einstein he said I don't know
what will be the methods of World War
three but the fourth world war will be
waged with sticks and stones so the
realisation that's the third world war
could mean the end of civilization this
realization this idea should deter us
from the daily
dangerous steps globally as you remember
we've been living in a period of
relative peace following the Second
World War and we know that there are
regional conflicts out there you had the
Vietnam War of the Korean War right now
we have some of the conflicts in the
Middle East we have Iraq Libya are the
hotspots we've never had any global
conflicts why
via images global military power is
established a strategic parrots a proud
and my find my words say appropriate but
that's true the fear that each country
had instilled the opponent's with
respect now
once the u.s. withdrew from the ABM
Treaty that was actually an attempt to
disrupt the strategic parity and we've
been responding to it and I mentioned
that in my State of the Nation Address
the new armament so we'll restore the
parity we need to think about it we need
to find a contemporary solution way of
collaboration it's high time to sit down
at the negotiating table not just think
about it but to design a contemporary
architecture of European security system
