one of my favorite musical pieces is
Akmal enough Second Piano Concerto the
chairman of the Batman enough foundation
is a big football fan it happens to be
one of the FIFA ambassadors for the
World Cup on top of being one of the
best pianists in the world and would you
believe it he's here in st. Petersburg
so I've decided to go and say hello to
see you play piano - I know it's like
this from when I was young I played in
football - it was crazy about that and I
broke my hands three times and how does
that work with a much faster play
something
twisting no no please yeah Second Piano
Concerto soloist better accession
unbelievable
roll
that's why you play that for me this is
my favorite piece you're playing in the
world when it's your mother okay okay
listen to you I wanna we need to takes
how many years to play this 20 totally I
play 30 panic rhetoric - more than 300
times not a lot of penis would take that
on because that's very difficult
yeah somebody counted more than 55,000
notes the way you play you're very very
aggressive and this is what I really
like I mean I've listened to Japanese
pianists are very soft and it doesn't
come out the same way but it's not
aggressive this is passion whenever
they're a kind of number three it
doesn't work without passion no topology
passion is one absolutely I play
football for my childhood we have a lot
of the same things for example conductor
Orchestra the chief coach blares
orchestra player some together the most
important loyal is a play for the
audience yeah this is the most important
thing can I just put you in context
there so who are you you'd be someone
like Messi over and out maybe Maradona
oh yeah you also play chess it's myself
it's my second laughs I'd like to hear
you play chess
