it has been now one year since the start
of the operation to liberate the Syrian
city of Raqqa from ISIL but the actual
human cost of the operation does remain
far from clear according to the us-led
coalition the number of civilians killed
in the battle for Raqqa will never be
known as far as how do we know how many
civilians were killed I'm just being
honest no one will ever know anyone who
claims they will know is lying
it comes as Amnesty International
releases a report that accuses the
us-led coalition of relentless air and
artillery strikes RT is Elia Petrenko
now reports getting to the bottom of
what was really happening in Raqqa as
the Americans and allies were freeing it
who will be bothered to do that or it'll
take ages the pros of war behind these
walls may have thought but scrutiny was
inevitable coalition claims that it's
precision air campaigns allowed it to
bomb Islamic state out of Raqqa while
causing very few civilian casualties do
not stand up to scrutiny based on
information from Amnesty International's
field investigation and public reporting
coalition air and artillery strikes
killed hundreds of civilians and injured
many more open amnesties report and
you'll find words like disproportionate
indiscriminate bombing the use of white
phosphorus claims which could turn into
a reputational disaster if proven things
that amount to war crimes the us-led
coalition mission to free Raqqa went on
for more than four months from June 6th
to October 12th last year and the
Pentagon proudly told the world they'd
fired 35,000 artillery rounds while they
were at it that fired more rounds in
Raqqa Syria than any other marine
Artillery Battalion or any marine army
battalion since the Vietnam War yet we
kept hearing from those whose orders
matter how
as they were there has been no military
in the world's history that has paid
more attention to limiting civilian
casualties in the deaths of innocents on
the battlefield and the coalition
military were not the perfect guys we
can make a mistake and in this kind of
warfare tragedies will happen but we are
the good guys and the innocent people on
a battlefield know the difference you
can't help wondering how many innocent
locals general mattis has actually met
I'm sure you can find many of those who
are genuinely grateful to the Coalition
for kicking ISIL out but just compare
his words to some of the witness
accounts our team heard while in Raqqa
the mr. Heffner chicken worship we were
directly targeted by the coalition after
their reconnaissance craft filmed us he
was at a low altitude he was very clear
there were no terrorists in the area but
there were kids playing in the streets
and we were collecting water the
aircraft bomb using phosphorus it
targets everyone it is not hidden ISIL
the Coalition is bombing randomly if
you're sitting at home a bomb may come
down on you there are houses that
collapsed on their residents and they
could not get out all this happened
because of the aircraft
a warplane comes and strikes for
instance a five-story building ISIL
would be on the second floor while
civilians on the third and fourth floors
how comes the plane still strikes than
most civilians died the nine so
terrorists and we weren't alone in
hearing those worrying calls from that
devastated Syrian city humanitarian
groups on high alert had many more
whores to share with us and the rest of
the world there are worries about how
this operation will affect civilians
we're concerned about the safety and
protection of more than 400,000 people
in Raqqa as these operations commenced
to strike so we investigated as well
these figures would not have a beard and
coalition reporting so yes
the actual number being reported by the
coalition reports it if you thought any
of that led to a change of tactics by
the coalition or at least an apology
I'll have to tell you they shielded
themselves from scrutiny with monthly
casualty reports we've been largely
focusing on the fate of Raqqa civilians
in our coverage and to Amnesty
International's now weighed in with some
serious work it could be high time we
hear something new from the US pros of
war
