armed police in the US state of Maryland
have broken into the house of
whistleblower Chelsea Manning after she
posted messages on Twitter hinting at
suicide
well Artie Samira can joins us live now
from Washington DC Samira I don't think
you would find many people arguing
against helping someone who appears
suicidal but shouldn't have been armed
police brandishing their weapons going
into the home that seems to be the main
issue here so it's very fishy that this
happened to Chelsea Manning and it was
her home that was raided she's a former
whistleblower who was sentenced to 35
years in prison after leaking government
documents to Wikileaks now she's also an
activist who routinely takes part in
protests the last one was in May where
she was protesting against the
prosecution of those arrested during
Trump's inauguration and she's running
for Senate but even though she's had a
history of suicide attempts it's pretty
controversial that the police broke into
her house for some questionable tweets
under the premise of a wellness check
and this is all captured on camera and
the video showed officers breaking in
and searching her apartment with their
weapons drawn now Manning wasn't at home
when this happened and her friend was
actually relieved when she found out she
wasn't at home saying that the rate
could have resulted in Manning's death
if she was at home now mental experts
are opposed to these so-called wellness
checks arguing that they shouldn't be
done by police in the first place now
the American Civil Liberties Union has
also raised concerns about this practice
saying that a potentially suicidal
people need professional help not armed
police rates the Montgomery County
Police Department however feel
differently at first they questioned the
authenticity of the footage and then
they defended their actions saying that
they only conducted the raid after
receiving calls from quote concerned
parties now when they were asked for the
need for weapons the police captain said
that the decision to draw weapons
depends on the officer and the
circumstances but as for Manning her
friend says she's safe but she's also
asked to give Manning some more space
but to provide some statistics these
rates sometimes don't end very well in
2018 alone officers shot dead 64 people
and it's definitely suspicious that it's
happened to Chelsea Manning who's been
on the government's radar for quite some
time now
all right Thank You Samira can live from
Washington DC
