Minister for natural resources and
environment of the Russian Federation
mr. Dmitry kabillion and Austria's a
Federal Minister for sustainable
development and tourism Elizabeth
Kissinger uh signing a Memorandum of
Understanding between Russia's Ministry
of Natural Resources and environment and
Austria's federal ministry for
sustainable development and tourism on
cooperation in the area of forestry of
the novgorod region mr. Andrzej nicotine
an owner and director general of
instructor Chris Christopher Alton are
sending an agreement of intention
between the government of the Novgorod
region and the Austrian company on
implementing an investment project
administration of the lipids region
mr. all the Korolev and manager of our
industry Merkel Martin hast are signing
in agreement between the Lepus region
and the Austrian company on cooperation
and interaction
chair of the board or the of gas from
mr. Alec similar and chair of the board
of OM foul mr. Reiner's ilium are
signing an agreement on gas shipments to
Austria up to the 2040 between gas from
and found gas marketing trading game the
ceremony is hereby over ladies and
gentlemen right now we would like to
give the floor to the federal Chancellor
of Austria and the President of the
Russian Federation
ladies and gentlemen dear colleagues
first of all mr. president
let me welcome you to Austria and thank
you and your delegation and in
particular for the fact that your very
first visit to the European after you
got reelected was and is to Austria so
let me welcome you
to our country and my impression is that
our relations relations between Austria
and Russia have been developing really
well for quite a while now and even in
difficult times we have been cooperating
we have a very good tradition of
cooperating especially in economics I'm
very happy that our trade volumes have
grown up to five billion and the
turnover has reached seven billion and
the gas supplies from Russia to other
continues thanks to the cooperation
between gas boom and um fowl and the
cooperation between these two companies
has been failsafe for all these years
also the cooperation in the area of
forestry has been signed the agreement
the agreement for that has been signed
to avoid the double taxation also the
tourism is developing between our two
countries with the inflow of Russian
tourists to Austria up to 2.9 million
nights have been spent by Russian
tourists in Austria in the last year
also we have discussed the importance of
Russia's contribution in the ongoing
conflicts in Syria and Ukraine and it's
a great responsibility and we're very
helpful that Russia will contribute to
the peaceful settlement
there so that the peoples in this
country can finally enjoy peace as you
know Austria is an active member of the
European Union on the 1st of July we
will cheer the EU Council and we will
discuss all important issues in the
agenda including the sanctions and we're
hopeful that thanks to a thoughtful
dialogue there will be a progress in
relationship between the EU and Russia
also speaking of eastern Ukraine we very
much hope that the Minsk agreements will
be implemented this is the scenario that
we wish to happen for all of us living
on this continent and this can come true
thanks to our joint efforts and fruitful
corporations and we very much hope for
further progress in our relations
including collateral relations between
our countries to the benefit of all the
involved parties and that will be in
line with our long-standing tradition of
cooperating and will continue to invest
even more effort along this track so
that we can continue constructive
cooperation between each other and the
United Nations and other organizations
in order to find an acceptable solution
by diplomatic means not the military
means thank you very much once again for
visiting Austria and for the
conversation we have had with I have had
with you and with our president you had
a discussion and I anticipate our
further dialogue and our further
exchanges between
the economic circles do mr. Chancellor
ladies and gentlemen first of all I
would like to thank the Austrian
government for their hospitality this
year we are meeting for a second time
with mr. Corton our first time was in
Moscow and this meeting was a friendly
and very helpful and it reconfirmed the
friendly nature of Russian Austrian
relations testimony - that is the growth
of our mutual - turnover which increased
by 40 percent last year and continues to
grow in the first quarter of this year
our terminal were doubled this visit
takes place against the background of a
50th anniversary of signing the first
contract between then Soviet Union and
Austria for gas shipments throughout
these five decades
Russia has supplied the Austrian
consumers with gas in a stable and
reliable manner
moreover Russia's Russian oil and gas
are also transported to other European
countries through Austria therefore it
would be no overstatement to say that
Russia and Austria jointly through joint
efforts contribute to ensuring energy
security of the entire European
continent we jointly work on expanding
our cooperation in the area of energy
today our leading companies gas from an
M file they signed a contract for gas
shipments up to the Year 2040 - Austria
we are also continuing the
implementation of the North stream -
pipeline and the Austrian Federal
Chancellor has reconfirmed that Austria
considers this project to be a purely
economic undertaken undertaking we also
discussed the technical and the
industrial cooperation and increasing
mutual investments I already
I said this following my meeting with
the Austrian president our investment is
almost twenty four billion dollars in
Austrian investment is four billion we
are implementing the Declaration on
partnership for modernization which was
signed in 2014
within its framework we have 28 mutual
investments which which have an
aggregate cost of almost three billion
euros especially I would like to mention
the large-scale project aimed at
creating a railway between Vienna and
course it's a Slovakia right now it is
still in at a stage of experts research
but it is already clear that should this
railway be created because foreign
consumers would go down and the time of
travelling between Europe and Asia would
get much shorter
we also discussed a regional agenda we
discussed the events in Ukraine and the
situation in Ukraine I informed my
colleague the federal Chancellor about
how Russia sees the future opportunities
of for settling the conflicts in the
Donbass region it is characteristic that
both Russia and Austria are in favor of
all the parties to this conflict abiding
by the Minsk agreements we also
discussed the conflict in Syria and the
prospects for its resolution and the
need to joining humanitarian operations
to aid the civilians in in Syria I would
like to reiterate that if Europe wants
the flow of refugees from Syria to
Europe including Austria go down we need
to help we should help Syrians go back
to their homes that we need to help them
restore normal life in their own country
to conclude I would like to thank the
federal Chancellor for this substantive
negotiation our mutual program go
we have two more events today plant
plant also there will be celebrations
commemorating the 50th anniversary of
our gas trade we will meet Austrian
businesspeople and then we'll visit a
museum in Vienna where we will
inaugurate an exposition for Russian of
old artists from Russia's Hermitage
being put on display in Vienna and I
would like to thank the press for the
interest you show in our deliberations
in our and our activities thank you
