as the cash for asylum investigation
into the German federal office for
migration and refugees all month gathers
speed public focus has turned to the
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and what
she knew about the agency's problems its
former head frank Jurgen vice gave an
interview to a leading German Sunday
tabloid in which he said he held
face-to-face meetings with the
Chancellor and made it explicitly clear
that his agency couldn't cope with the
pressures being put on it by her refugee
policy there was no structure or
organized development in the form of
specific tasks set enough priorities or
calculation of personnel requirements
since no instructions were available
everyone could work as they sew feet in
response to those claims a spokesperson
triangular Merkel had this to say of
course there was an ongoing instance
process of changing the work of the
German Federal Office of migration and
refugees when the refugee crisis broke
out I'm just trying to make clear that
mr. Weiser has repeatedly reported on
these changes and improvements to the
heads of federal states the Bundestag
the cabinet and he has spoken press
conferences and the ganon again to the
public and naturally the Chancellor was
informed about the plan of the reform
and the measures taken in this agency
the investigation began after it was
alleged that an employee at the pump
office in Bremen wrongfully granted
asylum to 1,200 people on that list
though security services say were to
Islamic extremists one of whom they
described as an actual terror threat
while 44 others belonged to Islamist
groups prosecutors alleged that the
female employee took both money and
gifts to grant asylum wrongfully between
2013 and 2016 as the investigation
continues she denies those charges
against her politicians both from the
opposition and from within Angela
Merkel's own coalition partners are
saying they want answers
it needs to unclog it is not about
accusations it is not about the
vindication of a conspiracy theory but
rather about a sober investigation we
have to investigate the accusations of
negligence and corruption and we have to
do it quickly and everyone who was
involved should give testimony the
former refugee coordinator and the
interior minister there is work to be
done in this investigation last month
the country's largest opposition party
alternative for Germany launched a
lawsuit against Angela Merkel's refugee
policy they say that the Chancellor's
decision to welcome around one and a
half million refugees to the country
should have gone through a vote in the
Bundestag and the fact that it didn't is
unconstitutional and so we put their
legal course in front of the court to
question whether there there is a legal
explanation or a little reason to open
our borders hopefully we'll have a
special committee to go into that bump
scandal well the point we're making is
probably the scandal is not something
about the bump so one one office in
Bremen it has to do with political
responsibility and we have to look who
is responsible for everything what has
happened there but for now the big
question remains if the Chancellor knew
that the migration and refugee agency
was struggling why was nothing done to
relieve the pressure Peter Oliver RT
Berlin
