the alleged meddling in the 2016 US
presidential election still dominates
headlines stateside Russian meddling
into the 2016 election Russian
interference Russia is again trying to
disrupt our elections Russia did metal
in the 2016 election but you don't need
a history lesson to understand that
foreign meddling is a global game one
that the u.s. plays very well through
our history when we tried to manipulate
or influence elections or even overturn
two governments it was done with the
best interests of the people at that
country in mind given the traditional
reverence for human rights according to
studies between 1946 and the year 2000
great powers intervened 117 times in
foreign affairs with the US making up a
large chunk of those statistics is the
partisan electoral interventions in
other words situations when great powers
intervene in elections and other
countries in an attempt to determine the
election result the United States
intervened in 81 elections of this in 81
elections in this manner in 47 countries
for this purpose between 1946 and 2000
here's a few examples the CIA publicly
admitted it was behind the notorious
1953 coup of Iran's democratically
elected prime minister he insisted oil
should be nationalized which perhaps
wasn't in the best interest of Iranians
or Washington's it seems so he was
overthrown and the Shahs wall installed
for the next 26 years to safeguard the
Wes all ambitions in the country until
it all ended an anti-western Islamic
Revolution the one who is an enemy is
America that is not based on prejudice
or pessimistic points of view but rather
it stems from experience from a proper
and real understanding of the actual
realities of the world from Iran to
Chile to decades on and the CIA is
supporting a bloody military coup in
South America the Pinochet governments
imprisoned tortures and killed some
40,000 or so of political enemies
including two US citizens and
the eye surveillance like Caesar peering
into the colonists from distant Rome
Nixon said the choice of government by
the chileans wasn't acceptable to the
President of the United States the
attitude in the White House seemed to be
if in the wake of Vietnam I can no
longer send in the Marines then I will
send in the CIA with this in mind is
alleging Russian meddling in the u.s.
election a little hypocritical the
re-election campaign of former Russian
president Boris Yeltsin was secretly
managed by three American political
consultants they spilled the beans to a
US magazine about their collaboration
with the Clinton White House to bump up
his approval ratings although the
Americans spoke no Russian and worked
through translators they began secretly
laying out an american-style campaign
it's countered the public sentiment
running against Yeltsin the plot was
thrilling so much so showtime made a
movie about it based on a true story
who told the Russians how to play dirty
huh me you did not just guarantee away
whether they wanted to and
the election were held today apparently
Stalin would get 8% it seems as though
outside intervention in domestic
politics is as old as politics itself
and when it comes to us meddling it'll
change your country for the best whether
you want it or not
