now meantime staying with Yemen the
saudi-led coalition there is closing in
on the port city of horde adder eight
agencies fear it is therefore going to
worsen the already awful humanitarian
crisis in the whole country there's a
reason for it who died is Yemen's third
largest city and it's port is therefore
a lifeline for Yemen about 90 percent of
all food and medicine arrives in the
country through that very port you can
see the importance of it the Saudi
coalition says it targets Houthi rebels
only but humanitarian organizations
warned that the military operation
mostly impacts the lives of civilians
some 8.4 million people are severely
food insecure and at risk of starvation
if conditions do not improve a further
10 million people will fall into this
category by the end of the year we're
extremely concerned about the direct
impact upon civilians in Asia but also
if the functioning of the port of her
data is hampered this could have massive
implications on a population which is
already in a significantly weakened
state and in needs of huge amounts of
assistance it's a man-made crisis and by
extension given is a man-made crisis
there is the possibility for the parties
to the conflict under international
Barker's to stop the fighting and to
engage in talks that Olevia the
humanitarian situation
