Washington and Ankara are set to meet as
relations hits new lows the new US
Secretary of State has the tough task of
rebuilding bridges with his Turkish
counterpart bridges broken by Donald
Trump's decision to move the US Embassy
in Israel to Jerusalem which sparked
outrage in Turkey and across the Muslim
world the fact that the United States
claimed to be a mediator to preserve the
peace in the region and in the world has
a share in this Massacre is something
else and is definitely unacceptable
hey Trump what are you trying to do what
kind of an approach is that political
leaders are supposed to work to bring
peace not stir things up we must
encourage other countries to recognize
the Palestinian state on the basis of
the 1967 borders with East Jerusalem is
as capital let's not forget the Turkish
Foreign Ministry accused the u.s. of
violating international law in this
statement the US government's
announcement that it will move its
embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem and may
shows that it insists and destroy in the
grounds for peace by violating
international law turkey responded by
withdrawing its ambassador from Tel Aviv
and calling an emergency meeting of
Islamic nations however American allies
just seemed to shrug off the move I was
within turkeys right to do so and I
don't see that as a diminishing our
relationship with the government of
turkey the embassy move is just one of
many things holding back a warming of
ties differences remain in Syria
especially over the US military support
of Kurds in the region who were deemed
terrorists by Turkey but can Washington
cease cooperation with its long-term
Kurdish allies
to save relations with Ankara
the United States is preferred to
collaborate with the terrorist
organization in Syria that was a grave
mistake and we're trying to change their
position the u.s. is putting pressure on
Turkey Everest choice of market under
NATO and under the NATO agreement which
of course turkey is a NATO member you're
only supposed to buy they're only
supposed to buy weapons and other
material that are interoperable with
other NATO partners US lawmakers are
even considering a ban on deliveries of
that own fighter jets to Turkey in
retaliation if so no problem because
taking mega knocking on another door if
I need such weapons I will certainly
procure my immediate needs from
somewhere but I do not think there will
be a problem as the Turkish Foreign
Minister has said no one wants to lose
an ally but will embassy moves diverging
Syria policies and weapon purchases
prevent a turning point being reached in
relations over to you then Turkey and
the US
