Germany's foreign intelligence service
the BND s now officially allowed to
monitor internet hubs if it's for
strategic security interests it won a
federal case against the DES kicks
exchange which should accuse the B and D
of illegally collecting data well the
internet exchange claims it's the
world's largest in terms of peak
traffic's a lot of info to go on there
that the headquarters of it are in
Germany it operates ten more hubs in
different countries and it handles data
from Europe China Russia the Middle East
and America however with special devices
seems the BND can get unfiltered and
full copies of information from that
system we have grave doubts about the
legality of the current practice we
consider ourselves under obligation to
our customers to work towards the
situation in which strategic
surveillance of their telecommunications
only takes place in a legal manner the
democracy data protection is one of the
most important aspects and now a
security agency is able to catch all
data from the so called disease security
agency can pull out a data in a massive
way and it's not only data of single
persons or due to one single aspect
there is no restriction the kicks the
BND have gone head-to-head before back
in 2013 revelations from NSA
whistleblower Edward Snowden exposed the
German intelligence service and shared
data with the American agency at the
time it was said the information was
filtered and that German citizens data
was not included but the internet
exchange insisted no that it wasn't
possible but then to be so selective his
Martin dollar again there is no
restriction due to sharing this data and
there is no for example parliamentary
control there had been some cases
already where data had been in a huge
amount had been transferred from PNG to
NSA and so it's not just because of
nothing but is because of presidents
cases the BND has not the best
reputation anyway and they had been
sharing data with the NSA they had been
a scandal it's not a good signal to
that they be in the get data from 36 not
you
