all the talking seems to get nowhere
there have been months of deadly unrest
on the Israeli Gaza border on Friday a
Palestinian nurse and volunteer was
killed by IDF fire she was among the
paramedics tending to wounded protesters
in Gaza RT spoke to the head of the
hospital emergency department where she
was taken a 21 year old martyr died due
to a gunshot to the chest the bullet was
lethal causing severe bleeding in the
chest around the aorta when her corpse
was delivered to the hospital we were
surprised by the barbarity facing the
medical crews being targeted just doing
their duty to treat the wounded medical
crews are doing a wonderful job and we
thank them for that for doing their duty
for their people RT has received a
response from the Israeli Defense Forces
concerning civilians being targeted
now they say though that they are
thoroughly examining any cases including
the death of the nurse however the IDF
also stressed that Hamas and its
organization are deliberately putting
civilians in danger and the latest
anti-occupation protests on Friday also
saw at least a hundred people injured
tensions are running high where the
Palestinian protesters were very close
to the fence and the Israeli forces
acting more tear gas is being foreign
policy protesters as you see tear gas is
literally filling the place we're also
targeting the Palestinian paramedics and
here's another injury that was just
right now from the near the fence our
injuries are coming injuries after
injuries and most of the injuries today
are actually in the right leg that's how
we saw more than 15 injuries in the
right leg the Israeli snipers continue
to target the Palestinians with life I
mean
as you see the paramedics are ready to
take every injury that arrives thousands
of Palestinians continued to participate
in the great march of return for more
than ten weeks now the Palestinians are
holding one message to the world that
they have the right to demand and they
have the right to protest during those
now two months long protests at least a
hundred and sixteen Palestinian
protesters have been killed by IDF
soldiers of the border and according to
the International Red Cross around
13,000 Palestinians have been injured
more than three and a half thousand of
those wounded by live ammunition how the
organization is now boosting its medical
assessment program in the area here's
what's happening in the immediate term
anyway it's going to cost more than five
million dollars over the next six months
that'll include two surgical teams
they're expected to conduct some 2,000
operation procedures a 50 bed surgical
unit as well as additional paramedics
and supplies here's how the Red Cross
describes the humanitarian situation in
Gaza right now the hospitals simply
cannot grasp or deal with a bigger
influx of violence if we see the same
amount of wounded arriving in hospitals
as what we saw on the 14th of May we
would simply have hundreds of patients
bleeding to death in the parking lot
tenza I've already lost some of their
limbs and became amputees and thousands
have been wounded including several
thousands by live ammunition that's
something that is overwhelming for any
help system in the world the accelerated
deterioration of the humanitarian
situation has affected hospitals that as
it has affected all key infrastructures
so the capacity of the system to cope
with this revenue in Flex is extremely
limited and this is why the ICRC is as
well boosting its capacity to ends well
with the medical needs here in Gaza you
know when you are in a hospital like the
Palestinian Red Crescent hospital and in
30 minutes any weapon wounded arrived
when you're in Chifa and in eight hours
500 cases arrive this is something that
is absolutely unmanageable in Moscow in
Paris in New York but even more in Gaza
which is already severely weakened and
battered by the very difficult
humanitarian situation that prevails
industry
humanitarian assistance is very needed
this is why we decided to act even more
but on top of that absent of
geopolitical relevant decisions the
situation will only worsen and worsen
Gaza now is working on the edge of a
cliff
you
