hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report we're gonna talk about how this
is a story it's almost like deja vu it
reminds me of Greece and in fact Yanis
varoufakis says you know inserted his
name into this whole story and that is
whether it's going to be it to leave or
quickly because Italy is looking
mightily mmm well it looks like the
technocrats don't like democracy
remember this happened with Greece as
well the Greek people said basta they
didn't want any more austerity they
didn't want their lives to be decimated
they would didn't want to be forced out
of their country to flee to the United
Kingdom and other places due to
austerity and all sorts of ECB policies
upon their you know European Community
policies upon their country well the
same thing as it now happened in Italy
where the five star movement and the
Northern League formed a government and
then the president of Italy who is
constitutionally allowed to do so
basically said no because you're a
finance minister is anti euro and wrote
a piece he had written a piece about
basically that the euro was a disaster
for Italy and we're gonna show some
charts that suggest perhaps it really
was
Yanis varoufakis five cos he became the
finance minister of Greece Christ
reported introduced interviewed him many
many times over the years when he used
to be an economist for virtual games he
said the people of Italy voted against
technocrats implementing austerity for
the many and socialism for the very very
few now they have an IMF apparatchik as
p.m. with a plan to implement more of
the same could Italy's president have
given the zeniff obokata
gift that's always the same we've
covered this since the beginning of
Kaiser report austerity for the many i
capitalism for the many and socialism
for the tiny tiny few right well as
we've had the anistar focus on the show
and we asked them point blank I know I
did who will be the next to get the
treatment that Greece got from the
troika the IMF ECB the EU they gang up
they destroy a country for profit it's a
it's a smash and grab and Greece was
destroyed they had a referee
and then they didn't pay any attention
to the referendum they didn't want the
troika run and look what happened to
Greece it turned it into a pit it turned
it into a shell it turned into garbage
and now the same bankers are getting
together because they need like a shark
always something to destroy to eat and
consume so we were trying to figure out
would Italy be next or Spain I think
we're the two likely candidates so I
guess as we've been saying that for five
years that this was coming and I guess
now Italy will be the next meal for the
IMF well Spain wasn't an option really
if you look at the charts we're gonna
come into is that they never abided by
the Maastricht Treaty of under 3% of GDP
deficit Italy has done so and they've
abided by that and thus destroyed their
economy in a time when you know in in
the recession when they should have been
actually helping the economy and
facilitating liquidity and transaction
and credit unlike what happened for
Germany and stuff so let's however look
at the the technocrats the European
Commission this was a tweet from a
journalist from Deutsche Welle
who interviewed a European Commissioner
who is a German who is a European
Commissioner for budget and human
resources and so here's the tweet from
bernhard thomas Riegert of deutsche
welle
the markets and a darkened outlook will
teach italy's voters not to vote for
populist parties in the next elections
told me the EU commissioner Oh ginger in
exclusive interview for Deutsche Welle
news in Strasbourg
I can only hope that this will play a
role in the election campaign so it
looks like there will be another
election in Italy probably in July or
August and this guy Ottinger
who is Gunther Hermann Oats injure a
German politician and now a European
Commissioner he's saying that because
the markets have reacted so negatively
that the the Italian voters should
basically learn a lesson and not vote
for a populist again right the key
phrase there is the markets will teach
quote though markets will teach
according to the technocratic the German
now as we've been saying again going
back to 2008 so almost pretending
have been saying this concept which I
will say again there's something called
market fundamentalism it's a belief that
markets are all-knowing all-seeing and
that the people in the technocratic
space defer to markets as
fundamentalists or as fanatics would
refute refer to religious fanaticism and
so he believes that the markets know all
and that the markets are punishing
Italians without giving notice and and
being honest in that the markets are
manipulated in many of the ways that we
have discussed on this show this is a
market manipulation scheme made to
smash-and-grab the assets of Italy by
the way they have thousands of tons of
gold
I suppose that's part of the booty that
the bankers are looking to pilfer as
they use markets as a weapon of mass
financial destruction again as we've
been saying articulating proving
emphatically without equivocation or any
pushback from any journalists or
government official has ever done it's
about the story again so the point is
that the markets in this case are the
ECB are the government's are the
essential banks of the world because
just like Greece just like Italy the ECB
has been mostly buying their bonds and
the Italian government and the Italian
banks so the bondholders are the ones
being bailed out once again it's the
bondholders not the market you know
equity markets or property market people
who are getting a participant's who are
getting a bailout
it's the bondholders that you know
always in a negotiation there's supposed
to be two sides to the story you know
everybody has to give and take but like
with Greece the bondholders didn't give
a tiny even fraction of a haircut
none the same with Italy they don't want
to give any haircut
nothing because that cannot be you know
ever become an established principle
we've read ago she ated the history of
capitalism no longer is the creditor
ever part of the equation they get
everything 100% you the debtor is abused
so here is a tweet to the response to
Oh dinger who sang them the markets are
going to punish the voter well this is a
different take markets spooks by
political coup in hashtag Italy default
probability has jumped to 20% and here's
Italy's five-year default probability
you see the chart looks pretty good
exactly if I have a credit default swap
on those bonds I'm making a lot of money
yes that's part of the weapons of mass
financial destruction that's the market
signal that they point to and say oh he
can't vote for populism you know who
owns America's bonds who owns America's
bonds Oh China have we at inviter
to do to America what the IMF is doing
to Italy I think there will be an
excellent experiment on market terrorism
expressed on the geopolitical basis
let's see China do you have the cojones
due to America what the IMF is doing to
Italy I see I do want to point out that
the IMF has not yet involved in Italy
it's all about the European Central Bank
and the European Commission and the
eurozone so the IMF in fact had advised
those other troika members to basically
allow a debt restructuring in Greece and
they were annexed good cop bad cop and
within next week will be saying that I'm
s involved almost 99.9 percent guarantee
so I want to also point to another tweet
here this is from Tony tassel of the FT
today's rise and 2 year Italian
government bonds yields in perspective
one day move greater than anything seen
and financial crisis or Greek crisis so
again this is the cost to ensure that
bonds the spike in context going back
all the way to 2000 as you see it's a
one-day move that is pretty shocking how
much has gone up but you know there was
somebody who responded to them called
crypto macro and it's interesting this
response because this is something I've
heard in relation to oil markets and
that is markets have changed since the
Greek crisis market makers now hold thin
bond inventories due to higher
associated capital requirements this
amplifies moves I did happen to speak to
a former oil analyst for goldman sachs
and he was saying this about the oil
markets is that you
take billions of dollars to move the oil
Marcus now it takes like a hundred
million dollars and you could move the
price partly because of the new
regulations about how much basically
there's not enough inventory the market
maker is no longer our or in this market
because they need to hold collateral
against their positions right so what's
the market telling us they'll say the
markets telling us that we need to
expand the liquidity and the inventory
of the market makers in the bond arena
which means that we have to reduce the
banks law that keeps certain amount of
minimum liquidity on their balance sheet
we need to leverage the bank's more
because after they destroyed the globe
in 2008 and we're bailed out by 20
trillion dollars and then some very
minimal new laws came in about keeping
inventory and liquidity on your balance
sheet they decided you know what Jamie
Dimon needs another billion dollars
Lloyd Blankfein needs another billion
dollars so we need to roll back those
regulations they can keep even less on
their books and lovers you come to me
even more and if anyone protests with a
populist
political uprising the market tells us
that there must be disabused of this
notion this is market fundamentalism you
know that's not different than than
jihad ease this market is the same thing
to be fair my personal opinion about
those regulations is that we didn't need
any new regulations because what the
banks did was already illegal to
smash-and-grab assets from individuals
and pension funds was against the law I
believe and they created these new
regulations in order to pretend to the
population that something was being done
and that this that what happened was so
unique and new and not and had never
been unknown before but it was simple
old-fashioned crimes of finance so it
that was just a distraction but I do
believe that those regulations did have
an impact particularly on smaller banks
the Deutsche Bank's of the world are as
we see tumbling have been very leveraged
and there's no reduction in leverage for
them and we see that in their market
action but I also do want to say and I
did say I would get to the start this
chart shows why early vote and Italy
could would hardly produce different
results Italian electorate has seen
little and way of wealth gained since
you
creation while GDP per capita is much
higher in Germany for Italy it remains
below where it was upon euro creation
this is via a Bank of America Merrill
Lynch this is Germany this is Italy as
you see this is the introduction of the
euro they moved in lockstep together
after the introduction of the Euro but
GDP per capita since the financial
crisis since these new regulations since
the ECB stepped into the markets and
started buying certain bonds and and
favoring certain participants over other
Germany has done well Italy has done
badly and searched google and you max
keiser if germany fourth reich and
they'll explain exactly what's happened
in the last five years as i predicted
well we have to go to the break but when
we come back we're going to be doing a
whole lot more so don't go away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to go to South
Africa and speak with Abraham Cambridge
of the Sun exchange it's a new
blockchain company that got its start in
crypto a few years ago onstart joined
comm site that I found it so I'm very
special interesting in this story it's
an amazing story
Abraham welcome thanks max it's been a
long time coming to get me show you
thanks for having me all right super you
know there's one phrase pops out when
talking about this story solar-powered
money which is something that attracted
me from the very beginning I've known
you guys for many years a few years now
so tell us a little bit about the Sun
exchange yes I moved to South Africa in
2013 2014
I used to work in the soda industry in
the UK and UK is not known for its Sun
as you well know because so the solar
industry there was very much supported
by government subsidy and policy when I
moved to South Africa where there's a
lot of sunshine
there is no solar panels or at least
there wasn't when I moved here and is
purely down to lack of access for
funding for businesses and communities
to go solo at the same time I was really
getting into crypto and I proposition to
a friend
I'm gonna set up business up that
involves solar solar energy and
cryptocurrency because the two things I
saw as so complimentary you've got a
decentralized energy system that we're
trying to build so let's build it using
a decentralized financial system and
because bitcoin is global and universal
anyone in the world can now own a solar
panel that's located on a roof here in
South Africa and the Sun exchange of set
up to allow just that and knowing
individuals anywhere in the world in
increments of less than $10 buy and then
lease on solar cells to factories
businesses schools whatever whoever
needs access to clean affordable solar
power of which there's no shortage job
that's what something changes there to
bribe to connect people that wanna go so
loud to people that need to go solar
right you know I love this story for so
many different reasons first of all
reminds me of a quote from Buckminster
Fuller who talked about how earth gets a
thousand times more energy every day
from the Sun than it uses you know
there's an amazing amount of energy that
comes in and the solar energy market is
evolving quite rapidly and the cost of
solar panels is dropping like microchips
a cost have dropped over the years and
so my marrying these two industries a
crypto Bitcoin and solar you have a
fantastic marriage that is disrupting a
couple of industries simultaneously it's
disrupting the energy business and it's
disrupting you could say the currency
business simultaneously I can you talk a
little bit about that yeah I mean if you
look at what's called the levelized cost
of energy so how much a kilowatt hour of
electricity is worth solar power is now
the cheapest form of power on the planet
when you have lots of sunlight so here
in South Africa solar energy is now
cheaper than utility produced coal coal
power soso is cheaper than coal I mean
how about that war breakthrough or an
amazing threshold we've just crossed as
a civilization that we can now produce
energy directly from the Sun more
efficiently than through burning fossil
fuels I mean war breakthrough it's
awesome and on the currency side I mean
I mean totally I mean we've now got this
this this system to connect anyone to a
solar panel anywhere on earth somewhere
else on earth it's a universal
is sunlight and now people can access
that universe resource using this
universal financial layer that we've got
Bitcoin alright so again this is truly
remarkable in many ways because the Sun
is a is energy and energy is currency
you know we live in a world that runs on
energy and that energy right now is
dominated by hydrocarbons and the oil
industry and as being now replaced by
renewables and and solar and so the Sun
exchange allows for that courtesy that
already exists it's called the Sun the
Sun is already generating a currency
called energy so Sun exchange is
allowing people to actually develop a
passive income of cryptocurrency crypto
income in the Sun right that's right the
way I initialize it with we're
converting photons into electrons into
digital money and then it gets sent to
everybody's to go and then those that
digital money gets converted so what the
next stage of the process whatever the
recipient of that digital currency wants
to use with it and interesting one kind
of evolution that we've noticed since we
since we started this obviously the
energy demands the Bitcoin network of
there is becoming more of it more of an
over topic but it's actually people
forget that solar power once it's once
you've built and financed this solar
cell is producing energy for free
forever on for the next 25 years so if
you're to finance a solar cell with
Bitcoin the Bitcoin doesn't get
destroyed that keeps on circulating but
what you have done is created twenty
four and a half years worth of positive
energy balance so what with what we're
here to do is people who who have crypto
convert it into solar cells because
you're then creating a positive energy
balance and that's creating an entirely
new framework for a growth for a global
economy you've got these positive
feedback loops solid-state no living
parts just sunlight solar cells
cryptocurrency mines those things
combined it can run the entire financial
system right so Abraham you know we have
been in the crypt
businesses 2011 covering it quite
extensively the first in the world to do
so and we have looked at many projects
we've seen hundreds of projects probably
even thousands of projects but we have
decided to give you guys you know you
know come on board as advisors because
this is truly a fantastic marriage of
crypto and a monetary need and a utility
value I mean this is this is talked a
little bit about the utility value how
it works this is genuinely a fantastic
marriage of crypto and and a banking
model that's truly remarkable so talk a
little bit about the fact that this
really is a utility because energies are
utility you know people pay their energy
bill they pay their utility bill you
know this is this is a utility
application correct yeah I mean people
often I hear so much talk about
blockchain this blockchain that but very
very few projects but I've yet to see an
edge a project that's commercially
operating and some exchange is is the
only one I'm aware of that you can
anyone actually use today and the reason
why they all can use it today is we're
not trying to reinvent the wheel we're
literally using the the Bitcoin
blockchain as a payment system for
distributing value from a solar panel in
one country to their own as those solar
panels in in other countries and that's
what that's what's operating let me jump
ahead so the Sun exchange is currently
working with the UN Development
Programme and a pilot program to bring
solar to the University in Moldova tell
us about that program why Moldova and
how exactly does this Sun exchange set
up that work yeah I mean that the
objective of the Sun exchange is to
enable solar projects to go ahead that
previously work weren't viable we're
talking about projects that are less
than a megawatt so what would be
considered in a commercial and
industrial sector of the solar market
which in a in a market like the United
States and Germany but CNI sensor is
like 30 percent of the industry but it's
totally absent in emerging markets and
the reason why is that two conventional
institutional investors are not willing
to invest in that
project they're too small and they're
also too big to be financed off balance
sheet by the consumer of that energy so
requires a very specific financial
systems have become in place to actually
fill that gap and Silex changes model
with 20 year leases of commercial solar
plants which guarantees lower cost
energy than they would otherwise be
paying and this is at no upfront cost so
for example we're running a project at
the moment to solar power a factory that
manufactures bottles out of recycled
plastic cysts here in Cape Town is a
half a megawatt project the problem with
this Factory is that they've actually
they can't access any more power from
the grid it's not available we're coming
in and deploying a half a megawatt of
solar panels on their roof no upfront
cost of them saving their money on their
utility bill those get income so this is
a solution for this emerging markets to
get to go so they're easily okay great
now let me jump ahead here so Abraham
you are doing an IC o---- an initial
coin offering full disclosure and
warnings need to be stated here so I'm
an adviser to the company anyone
watching should take that into account
and do their own research right so we're
not giving financial advice regulators
of course are all over the ico market
how has that impacted your fundraise yes
so yeah obviously if anyone getting
involved with our ICO needs to make sure
that if they qualify as an investor in
the United States or any other
jurisdiction where where that is
required but is it what we have issued
is a utility token and what we mean by
that is it's actually a rewards token
but we're creating a rewards program and
anyone who's using this on exchange can
earn sonics as they buy solar cells as
they make smart decisions and it was
socially impactful portfolio and the
more sonics people earn through our
platform the higher their level of
discounts and bonuses are and any Sonics
accumulated can be staked into a solar
project insurance fund for emerging
markets and whilst they stake their
token they will receive up to a 20%
return paid in sonics now the ICO
is pre-selling these rewards tokens so
getting them at a significantly reduced
cost and there would be a acquired for
through the program itself and in a much
easier way so that's that's the
proposition for the ICAO is pre selling
the rewards tokens and giving the buyer
easy and instant access to maximum
utilization at the sign change platform
and state them into this solar project
insurance fund which is something that's
needed I mean the the problem with solar
projects is that if the end consumer
stops paying their bill then the project
is defaulted so this insurance fund is
to create a buffer so in the event of a
solar plant defaulting we can cover the
cost of relocating that so vicinity to a
new site with it with a new off take and
that's specifically what to do right so
you know not a great feature now once
again as I've said loved the project
loved the idea but when it comes to
investments everybody needs to do their
own research and I'm not giving
investment advice now Abraham you're
doing this on the Bitcoin blockchain
which is unique because usually you hear
about these things on the etherion
blockchain but it's on the on the on the
Bitcoin blockchain can you speak a
little bit about that well actually the
the next token is in the ERC 20
cryptocurrency on the etherion
blockchain now we wanted to launch on
rootstock on the Bitcoin blockchain but
it wasn't ready at the time where we'd
be done we are we'd be delighted to to
work with fruits to make that happen
but right now this is an ELC 20
cryptocurrency we are using the Bitcoin
blockchain for the rental payments so
has people earn from buying a solar cell
for our platform they are getting paid
in Bitcoin we make payments every every
month and we're getting down to a
resolution where we can do that in real
time so we've got our part of our
technology roadmap is implementing the
Lightning Network having a Lightning
node so that we can actually stream the
the Bitcoin in real time from point of
production to the owner of the solar
cells wallet so that's our goal is to
stream monetized sunshine and Bitcoin
blockchain with lightning at you enables
that and that's what we are working
towards okay that's great hopefully you
can stay out for a second segment but
just to recap here Sun exchange
basically you're using I think that's a
brilliant excellent
as you say you're converting photons
into electrons into crypto and so
anybody can buy into an income-producing
solar panel scheme to help anybody who
needs energy so they are bringing about
this network effect and killing two
legacy industries at the same time the
hydrocarbon industry and the banking
industry both get punched in the face
which we love to see said anyway we got
to go but thanks for being on the Kaiser
report thanks max I'm Stacy great to be
here all right hopefully have you on for
a second segment that's going to do it
for this edition of the Kaiser report me
max guys are in Stacy I'd like to thank
our guest Abraham Cambridge of Sun
exchange if you want to reach us on
Twitter it's kind of report until next
time bye y'all
