hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
at least recent elections again
demonstrate the e use neoliberal agenda
is under continued pressure even under
threat where is this grand historic
project going how should we understand
the Italian elections the German
elections and brexit in totality is a
current leadership of the EU capable of
governing effectively and in line with
the wishes of the people it claims to
represent
crosstalking italy and the EU i'm joined
by my guess i'd real kiss anta in london
he is a foreign affairs consultant and
analysts also in London we have Theo
founders exedoc kilos he is a senior
lecturer in European politics at the
University of Surrey and in Milan we
crossed through Morocco Bassani he is a
professor of political theory at the
University of Milan all right gentlemen
crosstalk rules in effect that means he
can jump in anytime you want and I
always appreciate appreciate it you
found this let me let me go to you first
in London we have somewhat of a crisis
we'll see where it goes in Italy we had
the majority of Italians going to the
polls voting for parties that were
against the neoliberal agenda of the
status quo and I would also extend that
to the philosophy of the EU and now we
have a non-political technical
government and it looks like it's only a
matter of time before there's going to
be another election I mean where do you
see this going because on the one hand
you have the elites worried about share
values of assets and that's perfectly
understandable I think that that any
anyone an empowered be worried about
that but then you have the democratic
process I mean how do you balance these
two because this is where it's gonna
turn into potentially a crisis sometime
in the fall go ahead
do you found this in London yeah well
we're still riding the wave of populism
across Europe the populist parties are
gaining momentum still it was thought
that it had stopped a little bit or
retrenched maybe with the French
election which he didn't mention but we
see again in Italy now is one of the
worst affected countries in terms of the
economic strains it was the next one to
go we were expecting it in terms of the
financial capabilities of the country
the turmoil has been going on for the
last 80 days or so the the non
appointment of the new government is the
kind of the last element to the saga but
we we do expect it to be
of somehow it's fine for for democracy
democracy doesn't have dead ends it only
has solutions so I'm pretty sure the the
solution will be found in Italy now on
the European side that's a whole
different story because it is a mixture
of technocrats and elected
representatives and what we call
Eurocrats at the same time so I think
that there needs to be a wider European
discussion about the values of European
integration about the prospects of
European integration and about a roadmap
of how to go about it and taking into
account some of the issues that have in
highlight you you bring up a very good
point there let me go to Marco and Milan
but you know my Senses Brussels doesn't
really care about what the people of the
EU think about the strategy ahead
because they don't have a European Union
wide election on should we continue
integration should we vote on a
constitution but it's not done that way
and I think that's part of the
alienation of a lot of the public's in
the European Union the upon this brought
up something they think is interesting
is this a one-off Italy in a certain
moment in political and economic and
social history or is it really part of
this wave that the upon us mentioned in
London go ahead Marco and Milan yeah the
cold war tool it's nothing Alex you know
the United States one wanted one voice
when single voice in Europe would never
work and then right right now it's a
recipe for economic stagnation
especially in Italy and it's felt like
that the whole point of the European
Union was just to sort of hide what was
the French witness and to hide the
German strength but there are certain
things you know that you cannot hide
anymore
so I guess it's really it was the elite
the elite wanted this Europe very much
but there's no European vision anymore
there is nothing like the
problems that are there economic
stagnation it Lisbon and like no growth
for 20 years Germany has been growing at
a rate which is 0.6 0.7 not
reunification which is certainly not
enough there is nothing like a robust
economic growth and there is a lot of
emigration people are worried that their
societies are changing very rapidly yeah
and there is there's no common European
vision on that okay right let me go to
adri√† in London right now I mean and I
look at the election the Italian
election I mean and you I may be wrong
my impression was is that we have these
populist parties on the left and the
right questioning the the policies of
the the status quo in Italy and the
European project in general but they're
not saying to get out of the European
Union but not yet now between now in the
next election if there is no progress
made and we could see the left and the
right work together much more closely in
the next election and if they do get way
more than the majority then you may have
membership in the EU on the table and
it's moving in that direction because
you know the economic crisis there ever
since the financial crisis of 2008 I
mean the perception is the banks were
protected and nobody else it was all the
direction of Brussels and Berlin go
ahead in London I think that people are
generally thanking the idea of European
Union as a utopia and once many
political analysts are seeing
resemblance between the austro-hungarian
Empire and the you I would say that
there's a more resemblance between the
collapse of the Soviet Union and breakup
of the EU I think that the EU and the
Soviet Union were both or other in
grinding the utopian idea
European Union as a customs enum yes all
Europeans and all the people around the
world are eager to do business but a
part of that we can see a huge disparity
between the general populace labor
general workers and the elites business
elites and this is going breaking down
to and resonates with the populistic
parties because we can see that some
people in our society the majority the
real majority is left behind so this is
the main problem is that the political
elites around the European Union are
living in a utopia and they are out of
touch with the realities of the common
people so they are representing the big
businesses the markets investors so on
so forth which are crucial to well-being
of the nation state but at the same time
those very corporate entities what is
their value without the common man okay
so this philosophy doesn't hold the
water and I think that this is the main
problem okay if the political elites
around the Europe will not grasp the
reality they will they will find find
themselves in a very nasty situation and
and pushing us to to do slightly drastic
things okay very well said except for
one word you didn't use you didn't use
democracy in all of that and I think
that is the problem here but you found
this here you know people talk about
will go but I'll get back to you I'll
get back to you people on this let me go
to you in London there's a lot of talked
about these populist movement in the
rise of the right but it's not the rise
of the right it's the failure of the
status quo and I think you know the
leaks and mean the media don't care you
know you can't trust these people to
rule well then you can't trust democracy
you can't have it both ways
go ahead tea founders in London this is
probably one of the few times I will
agree with you Peter okay
it is the failure it is the failure of
the mainstream parties to to to
capitalize on on the demands of the
people however I would disagree with the
fact that elites are completely
disjointed or in no connection with the
common people I don't really like the
expression common people and I don't
like the expression of the left behind
and I can tell you why because it is
really easy to fall into the trap of
emotional language that populist parties
are using good point I don't see
populist parties doing anything
different at this stage than what they
have promised you that common people
that they claim to represent so in fact
in this case I think it is a political
agenda with high political stakes they
want to go into power for their own
purposes and I think that a lot of the
people that they claim to represent are
falling into the trap of becoming
victims of this emotional language I
think we need to sit down and rationally
think about what the problems with the
European integration program are what
the actual needs of the people are both
in economic and in social terms and see
and find ways of being at least
progressive in our ideas and pragmatic
in the way that we handle things on the
ground
okay p.m. finally go to Marco and Malana
before we go to the right here I mean
when you look at the two leading parties
and the last election in Italy do you
think that they are capable of ruling
even though they've been pushed aside
for the time being do you think they
have the the wisdom and to be able to
move forward and do capitalize on their
victory go ahead in Milan yes
the political class both of them really
like the lowest kind of human beings
epstein ruling
country in my whole life most of them
can hardly speak Italian in a correct
way so it's all it's really easy stuff
then pretty bizarre you know these these
these these people are not exactly very
cultivated but that's the story that
these are opulences II call them now who
are populism who are the populist roots
what do they do usually you know one
definition and political scientists the
people are the parties the movements
that try to exploit the fears okay Marco
Marco let me I gotta jump in here
gentlemen I have to go to a hard break
and after that hard break we'll continue
more discussion on Italy and the EU stay
with RT welcome back to crosstalk where
all things are considered on Peter
LaBelle to remind you were discussing
Italy and the EU
okay let me go back to Marco and Milan
you or we part we went to the Ricky
we're talking about the nature of
populist and populist movements right
now go ahead yeah there are certain
fears the people have you know they feel
they're left behind yes they are left
behind then they do know that you called
it neoliberalism I have it makes me
laugh you know this is this your Europe
is like public expenditure any more in
France in France and in Italy is about
57 percent of GDP I want to I really
wonder what kind of so welfare is utopia
it's nothing else but a neo socialist
agenda there's no doubt about that
but of course it's a neo socialist
agenda which big business can prop as it
did you know it's a collusion between
big business and big government but
clearly there's a lot of big government
in that now first you were before where
guest was comparing it to the USSR and I
would compare I would compare the
European Union to the Holy Roman Empire
hmm so that in the 1700s that had no
effect whatsoever in European politics
and as Voltaire Anissa says neither holy
nor Roman and Nora it's not even an
empire and so it's clearly it's not
European it's not a union well it's
European idea so utopia with most of the
people most people in Europe just just
believe that it is certainly not
effective in their lives well you know
it to be fair here there are a number of
cases where the European Union is
genuinely popular in the European Union
this is part of the divide among member
states here and then let me go back to
I'd really in in London here again on
the go if we use the Italian election as
a microcosm I mean the issues that were
on on the table immigration lack of
growth youth unemployment you know do
they have the tools because the the
populist parties will say that their
hands are tied because it's Brussels and
Berlin
in pushing austerity you know is that
just passing the buck because these are
real issues with real voters and it
seems to be all across the European
Union and I'd like to talk gentlemen a
little bit about brexit before we finish
up here
go ahead Adrian in London I think that
we are missing the point that what was
held in 2014 by the Harper's Magazine
was the panel debate where one of the
prophecies from london school of
economics professor john n gray was
taking part in this debate and it was
titled how germany reconquered europe i
agree with that statement obviously but
when it comes to immigration deficit in
the countries so and so forth first of
all we know that this is a problem
immigration is a huge problem but this
is not a problem of the of european
union or european states in the first
place this is a problem which was caused
by the administration of mr. bush in
when he started his war on terror in
2002 and so the people who are who are
to be blamed for the immigration mass
immigration for them from the Middle
East are Americans not Americans per se
about you have to be fair hang on hang
on we got to be fair here I mean Angola
Merkel said open the doors let a million
people and you know it wasn't the US
president that said that okay I mean I
get the gist of your point okay are you
if you bomb people they can to leave
okay and they want to go to a richer
place
ergo don't bomb them and maybe invest in
their countries so they don't want to
leave okay
so I mean let's let's keep it balanced
they're the opponents let me go to you
because you know dealing with these
issues like immigration let me know that
you just focus on that one I mean this
issue has been around for a while it's
getting more intensified but it's been
there and I you know I my knowledge of
Italy in that in the issue of
immigration I mean for some communities
it's dire it's dire people just walking
off the beach I mean when you
all of us on this program when we go to
a foreign country we get on an airplane
we go through lie detector we go through
metal detectors we have our passports
check
we're checked and now you have people
just coming on to the beach and walking
in I mean that is something that if I
live in an Italian community I would be
furious about I mean kids it's at least
of all the security issue go ahead -
your father's in London yeah I mean this
has been accentuated by the refugee
crisis so we need to be a little bit
careful about the immigration side and
the refugee side the same the same
happens in Greece but let me tell you
something Peter the majority of the
people who voted for the populist
parties have not even come across a
single immigrant in their communities so
I mean sometimes it's it's like brexit
the areas that voted brexit in the UK
have the the least problem of
immigration there are largely white
British areas so the leg narrative there
is very interesting it's trying to break
through some of those regional issues
into into more national debates and I
think here we are in the same situation
as we were in Greece a couple of years
ago we had the same discussion at that
particular moment actually all those
populist parties they talk about
immigration but from being responsive to
people's desires to being responsible in
how they handle immigration that's a
whole huge divide and they rely on
Europe to actually provide that common
framework to provide the resources and
they rely on other richer countries to
take on the bulk of the immigrants
because that's how they will they think
they will get rid of the problem so it's
a matter of blame-shifting they shift
the blame around they they pass the
baton
they they they throw the ball in in
other countries courts so that's why I
insist in the fact that there's need to
be some sort of central agreement that
respects that the the kind of
intricacies that each of those countries
has okay well and respects the kind of
problems that are there
yeah but okay Marco let me go to market
I want to stay with the issue of
immigration here I mean if you look
what Donald Rumsfeld called a new Europe
and old Europe okay I mean I lived in
Poland for ten years okay are the poles
the Czechs the Slovak the Hungarians
they don't want these people they say we
didn't create this problem why should
they come here I mean there's no unity
within the European Union and stuff the
opponent's you said do you want to have
a discussion about it well I mean a
large considerable number of countries
within the European Union I already
think that discussion is over
the answer is no okay and so even in
Poland we don't have discussion it's
only scaremongering
resonating with the people who as my
previous colleague said rightly never
seen in their life even in Poland never
seen but at the same time to all of you
then I'll go to Marco there irrespective
if you've seen one or not you've seen
the effects that have had on other
countries and I think that's the
demonstration effect that people are
absorbing I think that's kind of a
middle ground there okay Marco and Milan
go ahead jump in the clearly
intellectuals should not even say people
to die in a society that is pretty much
the one in which he was born in the same
in California and Florida in New York in
Milan and long birdie or anywhere else
you know there is this desire of the
common people not to change too much I
mean if you close a society of societies
gonna die if you open the border it's
too much same thing will happen you know
I see it and blind a lot and clearly the
Eastern Front you know from the text the
Polish and so on they want they don't
want to open their society so much and
European al it so they decided something
else actually they left Italy go on with
their immense national debt if they have
believed that in the past five years
they would let anyone in and in fact
more than six hundred thousand people
got in this country in five or six years
so unless
so it's really a big problem and it's
old so we're there are there people that
are learning certain things that it's
not so difficult to integrate Christians
but it may be a little bit more
difficult this integration of Muslims I
mean it's a very normal thing but nobody
in in Europe there are certain things of
course you cannot say because we have
freedom of religion and but it's my okay
was that well absolutely
every society is interested in making
sure that they have cultural references
that they can keep I mean it's their
culture their society and rapid change
can be very upsetting to people I think
there's historically we've seen that
here the upon us let me let me go back
to let me go back to let me go to parts
in London another issue going back to
the Italian elections here is the euro I
mean what is theirs that the pressure on
leaving the euro I mean we already saw
it with Greece I mean Greece was not
allowed to it the amazing pain that's
going to happening to Greece and will
continue for probably a very long time
what is the message now in dealing with
the euro when we keep Greece in our mind
when it comes to Italy go ahead the upon
us and lunch yeah we now have the same
the similar situation as to Greece a
couple of years ago with the referendum
a recent polls do demonstrate that
Italians want to be inside the eurozone
and use the euro which is very
interesting because it contradicts
directly the kind of message that the
five star movement and leg are putting
forward so there is this kind of
interesting dynamic of we want the whole
cake I need it so it doesn't work that
way for political parties they need to
find a compromising solution and and the
problem is is definitely neoliberalism
and it's definitely capitalism so
perhaps the the answer is not to destroy
everything that we've built so far but
try to create a new
that really tries to combine elements of
capitalist okay let me jump in here
we're rapidly running out of a real in
London when is breaks it going to happen
got 30 seconds tell me I'm waiting well
well brexit will never happen Peter we
know that Brixton will never happen and
I would call this a Humpty Dumpty
politics because mrs. Mae is sitting on
on the wall and once the March next year
will come she will fall so we'll all
have remakes it so something in between
remaining and you know going away but
the wall the Tresemme is sitting on I
wish they would move to the Mexican
border that's all the time we have
gentlemen many thanks to my guests in
London in Milan and thanks to our
viewers for watching us here at arty see
you next time and remember across
tocqueville's
