according to a top Democrat in Congress
if you use the term witch-hunt and you
say it over and over and over again
which witch-hunt which you may be a dupe
of the Kremlin listen to Maxine Waters
talk about Trump he's lying about which
out but two notices he says which are
over and over again he has learned some
of the Russia tactics about how you you
know deal with getting people to believe
you you say it over and over again so
repeating something over and over and
over again is a Russian thing
huh that may not be the wisest thing for
the Democrats to say they've had the
same song on repeat for roughly two
years Russia has hacked into a lot of
things
the Kremlin clan Russia was meddling in
our election Russia undermined Hillary
Clinton's over Russian hacking operation
these hacks have taken place by Russians
intelligence community says that Russia
is behind us in some form it's all to do
with Russia and of course the Ambassador
from Russia is a Russian so if Trump
invented the term witch-hunt why did the
Democrats use that exact same term back
in the 1990s when Bill Clinton's sex
scandal was all over the headlines
smells like a double standard to me
speaking of double standards remember
how the Democrats pounded the podium
against Geena Haspel the new CIA chief
there are two reasons that I oppose this
nomination miss Haskell support for
torture and her willingness to destroy
evidence of the CIA's use of torture and
serious concerns about her confirmation
and what kind of signal on the side this
lady is the real deal I'm telling you we
hit her with everything we possibly
could she answered didn't flinch at all
well it turns out that while this
controversial interrogation program was
going on Democrats in Congress were
getting briefings the entire time and
did nothing about it and now after the
dog and pony show at the hearings is
over Jena Haspel is getting the job and
why is Jena Haspel the new CIA chief
because two Democrats voted for her
Senate Intelligence Committee looks
poised to endorse president Trump's pick
to head the CIA Jena hospital today this
clears the path for confirmation and CIA
director as she gains support from
Democrats back when she was Secretary of
State
Clinton was always criticizing countries
around the world for their human rights
records she even pushed Obama to send
cruise missiles to Libya back in 2011
supposedly to defend human rights he had
at the same time her personal foundation
the Clinton Foundation had no problem
getting donations from the very
countries that she was criticizing Saudi
Arabia giving 25 million dollars guitar
all of these countries you talk about
women and women's rights
so these are people that push gaze off
business off buildings these are people
that kill women and treat women horribly
and yet you take their money
so the Democrats talk one way and act
another I'm not sure where we're finding
all these Russian tactics they're
constantly making reference to because
they seem to be practicing double
standards all along Kalib Maupin RT New
York
you
