now we'll start in Belgium where two
police officers and a passerby have been
killed in a shooting two other policemen
are thought to have been injured well
this video appeared online purportedly
showing the area of the attack gunfire
there can be heard - so let's get the
latest now for my Europe correspondent
Peter Oliver who's there in Berlin Peter
good afternoon what more do we know then
about this incident well as you said two
police officers in one passerby have
being confirmed now as having been
killed at the scene and other two police
officers were wounded we also understand
that a woman was taken hostage at the
scene before the attacker was
neutralized that's how it was described
by police initially we're now hearing
from police sources and media on the
ground there that they're confirming
that he was killed now the authorities
aren't commenting when it comes to
motive as of yet we did hear from the
interior minister of Belgium yan yan
bond saying that anti-terror officers
were at the scene to establish what
happened he also went on to say that
they weren't ruling out any
possibilities for now terrorism was
being considered but as well as other
scenarios now the very latest that we've
been getting from local media on the
grounds perhaps some clue as to who this
attacker was now they're reporting that
he's a 36 year old Belgian man who had
just been released from prison yesterday
some media reporting that he was
released only on day release and then as
seemingly gone on to carry out this
attack we'll bring you more on that as
we get it but Belgium isn't a stranger
when it comes to terrorist attacks if we
look back just last year there were
either isis-inspired or or claimed
attacks and we look in October August of
any partner of last year where to play
soldiers were attacked with a machete
they were wounded thankfully just
lightly there but if we go back to 2016
in October and August police were the
targets of attack and the thing is those
soldiers and those police they were in
the most part on the streets and more
visible because of the suicide bombing
that took place on the 22nd
March a 2016 that set those three
suicide bombers that blew themselves up
in both brussels as airport and on the
brussels metro as well they killed 32
people so this latest incident that's
taken place police aren't confirming
that it is a terrorist attack but
they're saying that is one of the
possible scenarios they're looking into
at the moment which is left two police
officers and one passerby killed as an
assailant opened fire in the belgian
city of the edge okay thanks
Peter that was our teaser Peter all over
there reporting for us
