Italy is set to be led by an interim
pro-european Prime Minister that's after
a Euroskeptic coalition's bid to govern
was derailed by the Italian president
the head of the league party one of the
failed coalition's members thinks this
may have been at Brussels bidding is a
short recap of the last two days of
political drama in Italy approved all
the proposals for the ministers but did
not approve the name of the Minister of
Economy one can't say no to a minister
whether he is named goofy Pluto or
Donald Duck because he is not approved
by the stock market world a financial
world some European capitals is this a
joke I accepted the mandate many
Italians hope for this government to get
started so this was an ugly serious man
baseless Act good notice victim if I
want to speak again of my friendship and
support for presence mozzarella and has
a crucial task ahead today and furious
allow me to be furious today feel a
feeling we also have principles inside
the eurozone they should tell us every
government must have the stamp of
approval of Berlin Paris and Brussels to
me this is crazy
the Euroskeptic coalition failed to form
a government after the Italian president
rejected its anti euro pick for economy
minister and surprise surprise the
presidents now appointed a former
International Monetary Fund official as
interim Prime Minister what does that
mean it means fresh Italian elections
are now on the horizon the failed
coalition is called for the president to
be impeached accusing him of bowing to
EU pressure as Sharla Dubinski
investigates you can win an election
create a coalition put together a bold
plan for reforms and a ruling cabinet
but turns out you still don't get to
govern well that's if you're in the EU
and you have a you're a skeptic agenda I
asked for that ministry an authoritative
political figure who was not seen as
supporting a line that could provoke
Italy's exit from the euro essentially
this
that the majority of voters who between
them opted for the five star movement
and Northern League two parties with an
anti EU agenda in March actually don't
get to decide the president waves a red
card because he doesn't like one
proposed minister and Q political crisis
possible snap elections is this really
how democracy is supposed to work find
me in the Constitution a government
can't commit to changing European rules
this is a limited sovereign it's a piece
of democracy that goes away
Brussels hasn't shied away from warning
the new Italian government against
disobeying the EU rulebook and it looks
like it's got its way no matter what
Italian voters wanted and where has that
happened before oh yes back in 2005 a
referendum was held on whether or not to
adopt a European Constitution here in
France as well as in the Netherlands
voters rejected the idea yet despite
that clear and ease the EU pushed ahead
with branding it as the Lisbon Treaty
three years later which contained many
of the changes the Constitution had
attempted to introduce but this time the
majority of the public didn't have a say
because Parliament's simply ratified it
Island the only EU member which stuck
with the referendum
rejected the Lisbon Treaty but that
result didn't go down well with Brussels
I believe we should not rush to
conclusions
I believe the treaty is alive and you
should now try to find a solution
despite a clear 53 percent no vote
the Irish were back at the polls just 16
months later for what must have felt
like in Groundhog Day finally the EU got
the answer it was looking for yes those
Eurocrats must have jumped for joy and
what about Greece the Mediterranean
country drowning in a sea of its own
debt it
voters decisively rejected the terms of
an international bailout in 2015 I would
like to say that the Greek people made a
historic and brave choice they're
responsible alter the existing dialogue
in Europe but democracy worked in an
unexpected way
despite the Greek saying no to austerity
their government eventually did agree to
a painful bailout plan and what about
the Dutch who rejected plans by the EU
to sign an association agreement with
Ukraine back in 2016 the Accord cannot
just be ratified we have to take him to
account this no vote well despite their
knee vote Brussels went ahead and did it
anyway
so while many in the EU may vote against
the bloc's plans it seems that the EU
prefers to have its own way regardless
the elite made a decision in 67 years
ago that's in 1954 you know this started
the whole thing it was the European
Union and there is nothing you could do
against it the European Union is gotten
it's got nothing to do with democracy
it's not it's not decided by the people
there's no European people European
Union works as a cartel of the
governments of the EU governments you
know they get together they make
decisions I don't think there's even a
democratic theory behind it you know
it's just this is what we decided we the
elite that's not we the people
