700 Mexican children have been taken
from their parents at the u.s. border
with Mexico since October that's
according to a new office of refugee
resettlement report the issue has
sparked public concern with people now
accusing Donald Trump and his
administration of violence in particular
this image of small children caged and
sleeping on the floor caused shockwaves
and went viral it was assumed it showed
the harsh consequences of Trump's
policies towards Mexico however in
reality it has nothing to do with Trump
it dates back to 2014 under Barack
Obama's administration this picture of
immigrant children sleeping on the floor
of a cage after being forcefully ripped
away from their parents should be the
defining image of Trump's reign his
Trump's vision of making America great
again concentration camps filled with
children torn from their parents at the
border since atella parents from
bringing children POTUS doesn't care
about his own kids and so these kids
matter even less to him
this is happening right now and the only
debate that matters is how we force our
government to get these kids back to
their families as fast as humanly
possible the US Attorney General has
said that the policy of separating
children from their parents prevents
child trafficking it was reportedly
implemented more rigorously after that
remark responding to criticism Donald
Trump said that the Democrats are in
fact to blame saying it all started long
before he became president put pressure
on the Democrats to end the horrible law
that separates children from their
parents once they cross the border into
the u.s. catch and release lottery and
chain must also go with it
and we must continue building the wall
Democrats are protecting ms-13 thugs
Trump came out and said the other day
that by by once again disinformation and
chaotic talk that this that this
president is so adapted to so really
what's happening is that the Trump
administration is now doing something
that's against international law by
taking away the rights of parents to be
with their kids and blaming it on
someone else which is a they active
that's what he does all the time
unfortunately President Obama has been
the president that has deported most
people from the United States and that
is a very shameful fact along with the
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton at
the time started - in 2014 we saw it
when the families came through when when
the first crisis happened in 2014
immediately the children were sent to
these centers and the parents they had
to go through a process of searching if
the kids and they had to go through this
scrutiny of trying to find out if the
family supposedly was really their
family or not and if if they weren't
able to find out if the children
actually belonged to those families
those kids had to stay in foster cares
