I'm Max Keiser Max Keiser walks this is
the Kaiser report hopefully yeah thanks
I just want to follow up a little bit on
this last episode we did because here's
a headline related to dead unicorns why
the end is coming soon for the biggest
tech bubble we've ever seen expect to
see more dead unicorns unicorns of
course in this context our company
start-ups worth more than a billion
dollars there's like a hundred a couple
hundred of them in the united states
well he says about over half of them are
actually 50% overvalued this is Keith
Wright a professor at Villanova School
of Business so what we should be seeing
dead unicorns soon well you know the
chase for returns over the past ten
years that's interest rates that remain
zero migrated into the startup space and
the unicorn space but the liquidity
never came there the aftermarket never
came the cashflow never came so now they
all have to go over the cliff of the
abyss proving once again the world is
flat of course
their aim these are dead unicorns held
by Silicon Valley investors they have
deep pockets and of course they could
afford to perhaps lose all of this but
they're competing with China which has I
guess a bigger market but also more
capital to work with and you know
they're there in the race to see who can
create more monopolistic sort of
positions of course these unicorn
holders from Silicon Valley have Donald
Trump to crush competition like ZTE
which was crushed and now that brought
China to the trade table there they're
supposedly negotiating Trump keeps on
almost getting a trade deal with China
and then backing out via tweet so we
don't know but we do know that trade war
averted China vows to buy more from the
US but truce will take time
the consensus follows two days of
negotiations between teams led by the
Chinese vice premier Liu he and US
Treasury secretary Stephen minuchin so
China's agreed to buy more US
agricultural goods and energy products
and this is supposed to close that what
203 hundred and seventy five billion
dollar trade gap with the United States
thus China
refer to these startups as unicorns or
maybe dragons I mean the unicorn is a
global thing I wonder you know it's
based on something but you know I'm not
sure but yeah okay so China says they're
gonna buy a lot more stuff from the US
and so Trump is having an effect I mean
he's weighing into the minutiae of trade
deals which no president has done that I
can recall usually they just paid a
broad stroke and hope for the best so
he's actually getting into the details
of trade deals see where that goes you
do have to recognize that in the West
we're not seeing the coverage the media
coverage and the actual power that China
has on the ground over in Asia because I
have seen reports that the reason why
why did why did Trump do the
extraordinary thing of saying we need to
come to the table because ZTE lost all
these jobs we don't want to destroy
75,000 jobs and we don't want to destroy
ZTE and and they apologized
well apparently there were all sorts of
us goods piling up at the port's over in
China and China has a huge buying power
and exporting power and all these US
companies have massive factories over in
China so they have a lot more leverage
than we could possibly see here because
of course our media doesn't cover it
because they have a more important story
that they're a little conspiracy theory
that they're focused on nevertheless
they're you know that China apparently
has a lot of negotiating power in terms
of 2018 elections midterm elections
coming up and in just a few short months
it's places like Iowa and Nebraska where
they were really squealing about the
impact on their agricultural exports
some of these places you know they're
their number one export destination is
China so they also four to five trillion
dollars in reserves more than a trillion
or so in dollars the dollar still world
reserve currency so yeah they've got a
lot of operating leverage on the ground
but a macro economically speaking the US
Federal Reserve Bank Bank in New York
still has the ability to crush them at a
moment's notice if we so choose they're
basically they're equally powered the
world's largest debtor the world's
largest credit
they are equally powered they're equally
powerful and that is a great huge fight
that is a fight of the next few decades
what is not a great power which is no
longer a great power is the United
Kingdom versus Germany of a fighting the
euro European Union versus trying to
come up with a break set deal I have two
headlines here this is from Bloomberg
and they often do this I actually
printed another article but they changed
the headline
all the time but Boris Johnson warns May
to get on with it and deliver a brexit
so he's warning that she has to get on
with it he wants to become the new prime
minister which probably makes more sense
of a clown in charge like Teresa may is
just ineffective you might as well have
an ineffective clown because we have a
clown here Italy has clowns
everybody has clowns this is a new
policy but the UK has admitted that
they're going to have to pay a huge
divorce bill in this brexit exit if it
ever happens yeah if somebody said the
brexit deal is figuring out how to up
back in to various deals that the brexit
vote gave them the right to opt out
right so it's just that the ad is
something like 30,000 more civil
servants in the UK and that's the whole
point of brexit is to increase the size
of government under Thatcher the mandate
was to take GDP and address it so that
government was less a percentage of GDP
breaks it just reverses that whole trend
it makes government now a bigger part of
GDP which is highly anti-growth so I
mean I'll redo some of Boris Johnson's
exact quotes he's the Foreign Minister
Foreign Secretary for the United Kingdom
Teresa may is the Prime Minister in case
you don't know a lot of people might not
hear much about the United Kingdom but
he said that outward free-trading
countries what they want to hear from us
is that we are getting on with it with
confidence and briault and zap and
dynamite so over that's what a clown
does you know these that's a coupon
who's going squirting water so I like
your idea that the UK needs a clown
sufficient to compete with the
Berlusconi's in Italy the Trump clownish
behavior in America and other global
clowns you mean to compete in this
global economy you need a clown Horace
Johnson's caliber he's a world-class
clown well if you don't have the
authority and the power to be a States
person then you might as well be a clown
because you've got to compete for global
attention right so Johnson's comments
however are his strongest since
Teresa Mays team agreed last week on a
controversial compromise that could keep
the UK tied to EU trade rules for years
after the divorce
the proposal got a frosty reception from
Brussels and prompted Jacob Riis Moss
who commands enough conservative
lawmakers to engineer a leadership
challenge to say he was losing faith in
Teresa may look the United Kingdom is
part of the body of the European economy
it's a cemetery trillion dollar trading
bloc
you know the whole brexit is like your
liver deciding to separate from your
body and to say we're no longer part of
the body where the independent liver and
by the way everything that comes in and
out of the liver we now have to
introduce another organ called the
deliberate exit liver attacks and and
and then oh wait a minute that doesn't
make any sense so we got to reverse all
that there's no way to separate the UK
from Europe it cannot be done it will
not be done if it does it's a name only
they may change the color of their
Passport but that's it you cannot you
cannot separate the two Boris Johnson
and and they're delusional when we were
just in New York there were two guys
walking behind me downtown you know the
financial district and I heard them one
guy complaining that his office was
moving to Frankfurt because their office
in London was closing down because of
this break set thing so I'm gonna look
at another headline here about the UK
economy it is it has been hit definitely
buy this whole breaks it derangement who
knows what's happening whether or not
breaks it happens I think people will
still be talking about pricks it in 20
30 years time when it won't have
actually happen nevertheless landlords
left with four shard skyscrapers worth
of empty space in High Street bloodbath
and this big companies like Jamie's
Italian all these change shop salute you
Carluccio's they have a whole bunch of
them listed here but the fact is that in
figures compiled for the Evening
Standard Colliers International
forecasts at the blood bath and the
retail and restaurant sectors will leave
at least 6.2 million square feet in the
UK vacant this year of that 630 thousand
square feet is in London the property
agent examines statistics from the local
data company in goed portal it looked at
stores which have closed either because
firms have collapsed or restructured
using a company voluntary arrangement a
move which allows businesses to quit
stores or seek rent cuts so they're
using these CVAs as they're called cut
so what is it called company voluntary
agreement and they're able to get out of
all these leases and landlords are left
holding the bill on these overpriced
properties and in a shrinking and
economy and with huge business rates on
these small companies that the UK
government is no longer and going to be
able to collect this idea of being
independent it defies a hundred years of
integration into Europe it it's absurd I
understand that everyone likes to be
independent but it's never ever ever
going to happen in any meaningful sense
if the Kingdom it's just never going to
happen
of course these new rules came out in
the EU regarding privacy for example and
all these tech companies had to change
everything and I just noticed that over
the weekend because we've lived in the
United Kingdom for so long I've had
dozens and dozens and dozens of emails
from all these British companies saying
due to new European privacy directives
here's our new policy on privacy so it
was like there are all these gifs online
about people throwing their computers
out the window because of this hassle
but nevertheless they're having to abide
by these European regulations anyway in
order to stay part of that you're the
customs union may remember the new
passports of the new colour has been
manufactured by a French company well we
got to take a little bit of a break here
don't go away
much more coming your way
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to turn to Jose
Rodriguez he of bits o dot-com Jose
welcome back Thank You max always a
pleasure being with you well it's great
to have you back on the show you're one
of those guests that we've had going
back to the early days of Bitcoin and
have really been part of the growth of
this industry and it's a bit so is now I
guess the largest crypto and Bitcoin
exchange in Latin America that's right
we just surpass F a million users Wow
it's phenomenal growth and it shows that
this coin Bitcoin has had a really a
profound impact on the global economy
and the lives of millions of people all
over the world who now understand what
it's all about now apparently our show
Kaiser report
you know was responsible for installing
a new leader in Mexico that's what the
press in Mexico is saying that somehow
Obrador is the result of Max Keiser
how will this impact the currency
markets in Mexico and I guess bit so and
yeah well right now there has been some
fluctuation in the exchange rate we are
in the higher and the highest rate that
we've seen in in recent years there's a
lot of volatility and uncertainty
according to surveys he is a 1 heading
to to be the the President of Mexico but
there's still some over a month a couple
of months for the election to take place
but it looks like after it's his third
try trying to be the the Mexican
president and it looks like it's
probably that he's gonna be coming to
power and much pushed by Kaiser report
but so in other words you don't really
have a scenario of impacting your
business materially one way or another
but let's let me ask you this the the
Mexican peso has tumbled by double
digits as have all the other emerging
market currencies as the US dollar has
soared in value and how does this impact
your business yes there are some people
that like to embed
or by US dollars for example when an
election is coming before 1994 each six
years at Mexico elections take place
every six years they used to be a huge
step al uation and inflation every six
years when outgoing and incoming new
president came in so there's people I'd
like to save in US dollars and there are
some people that also because of the
volatility that they're having there
like they have one to cover future
payments in US dollars or cover up and
well Bitcoin is a way of doing this and
cryptocurrencies but also as we know
it's a way to moving money in and out of
different markets right and to get back
to the political scene for a moment so
Obrador is you know a leftist yeah and
so with this in your view the domestic
economy doesn't need a bit of a lefty to
come in and take away some of the
excesses one finds when the right is in
power for a long time or is it what are
your views yeah so he's be used as a
most leftist option but what is funny is
that because he has had this
presidential run being so successful
with with leftist and protective
policies the other candidates are also
doing the same type of policy so even
the the ones perceived as far-right are
doing also those kinds of policies so
he's move the needle of discourse and so
the going forward the policies would be
in place on the regulatory front how
might they impact crypto because every
country is now evolving regulatory
framework for crypto some countries are
openly trying to attract crypto business
some countries are repelling the crypto
business Mexico to me given the history
the banking system would benefit hugely
from having a more crypto based currency
and and better relations with crypto as
just a way it would be to me a left-wing
issue because here the problem is that
there has been you know some bad actors
in the banking sector that have
benefited you know the the richest of
the rich so your view on that yeah
unfortunately as you say
Echo has had one of the biggest cases of
money laundering in the financial system
we have one of the largest unfortunate
cases which is HSBC for example and
right now what happened and the other
side on the FinTech side is that they
just passed the FinTech law in Mexico at
the beginning of the year so right now
all v ik industry is being regulated and
they're there now some clear rules
including us as cryptocurrencies
exchanges which is good because now you
know how you you can interact with
regulated players for example
stockbrokers banks and different
regulated entities and there are there
is some clarity of with whom do we have
to work with in order to get for example
more cryptocurrencies into the exchange
how are we going to interact different
different financial services and how are
we going to interconnect to the to the
Mexico financial system it was like well
Wes I would say before last year right
so you were in a bit of an an island
unregulated island which was has a
certain appeal as a counterpoint to the
banking system that was perceived as
being run in an inefficient way or but a
lot of bad apples as some used that term
but what you're saying is that to grow
the ecosystem at this point to have some
regulations that apply to everyone in
this space it gives you some
interoperability between you as the
crypto guy and everybody else out there
the banking insurance all the other
financial products so that to that
extent the regulation is a net plus yeah
and also it's a way that you you've seen
it all over the world in in in other
countries FinTech has come to give more
and more than dynamic economy and also
bringing new players there probably are
for example the unbanked or people that
don't have access to credit or people
that do not have access to financial
services so that is also an advantage of
that we have and other fintechs have
reaching out to these people and
bringing into this economy and financial
services that they wouldn't have access
normally so we make it grow and develop
right so you know in the early days of
Krypton
you know the word on the street was
always this exchange got hacked that
exchange got hacked but of course since
crypto is dominated by the best
engineers and mines in the world that
have gravitated toward this space the
incidence of these acts has been reduced
dramatically meanwhile in the legacy
banking system not so much protection
against axe so there's been a major hack
of Mexican banks tell us about it how
does it impact your business if at all
yes there have been some delays in
transfers there were some rumors that
banking's gun banking system got hacked
that banks code hag there isn't much
information flowing but now there is
some information that they were actually
able to create this phony accounts and
transfer money out of the banks and how
it has been impacted is that there's a
contingency in in the banking system and
there's delays in transfers so for
example there's a lot of users that
withdraw money from from bits o or the
puzzle into bits o and normally we did a
great integration in which this is an
instant transaction and right now it's
taking hours and it's not only us it's
the whole banking system because they're
in contingency they're there they're
flowing very slowly and they're trying
to find out what has happened and
they're there doing the investigations
internal yeah it's funny I mean in the
banking system the number of hours and
days it takes to clear trades could be
three days could be a normal clearing
time and if there's a problem the system
works so slowly that they many times can
fix these problems before it's noticed
because the whole thing kind of goes
slowly but with crypto on the scene and
as you point out instant transactions
instant confirmations when the legacy
banking system slows up for any
particular reason it shows up quickly
people are aware there is a problem so
this is interesting checks and balance I
understand actually in Mexico now
they're bringing on another exchange and
to compete with the current exchange
it's been around for a hundred years can
you talk about that a little bit yeah we
only had one stock exchange in Mexico
which is called aborts Americana Abel or
DES so different from for example in the
US
where you have Nasdaq you have bats you
have a New York Stock Exchange Mexico
there was only one so this also made
that you had no competition and you
there were there were no incentives for
example to challenge someone for an for
an for an IPO on different type of
services a better system etcetera so
right now there's there's a new stock
exchange called Biba and they're they're
just finishing up the the last details
to start running and now they're gonna
compete for orders now they're gonna
compete for better technology more IPO
so it's gonna help develop also the
sounds like some competition now and
it's gonna be better for everybody yes
definitely and one of the bets that they
have is as their CEO they brought a very
experienced person who has been leading
venture capital funds and she was like
the president of the AMEX Cup which is
the all the venture capital funds and in
Mexico so probably we're gonna see new
players and startups coming and making
IPOs in Mexico because there aren't many
IPOs in Mexico Mexico City is an
unbelievably charming city that well I
love to visit and it should attract huge
crypto community above and beyond what
is already there you've already got a
thriving one you know it's funny we were
talking yesterday and I said how did the
earthquake impact your guys and it's a
really a testament to the agility of
this industry and compare it to the
legacy system because the answer was
well you know we moved the next like
week we were already in a new location
now imagine if this happened to an
old-line Bank earthquake damage and tons
and tons of employees legacy systems old
computer systems they would still be
figuring out what to do in the event you
guys because it is crypto because it is
so agile because it is
a new paradigm you were up and running
in J's at a new location right yeah we
have to be running 24/7
fortunately our our building got damaged
and and we have to move out of there and
and but yeah we were up and running
we're we're 24/7 we had something lays
for example in customer service or
answering tickets but we kept them
running and we kept on business as usual
right tell me about the demographics of
the customer base you said you had a
half a million users what how does that
break down demographically so most most
of the users are between 25 to 40 years
of age we have made some surveys to see
what is what is the type of profile and
we also see what type of people so most
of them are people that have either a
bachelor or a master degree they have
some interests before it was only an
tech an IT side now you're seeing more
financial and economic people coming
into the into the space and also finding
out if they want to trade if there were
named best if they want to move money
that there's an answer to all of this
inside the crypto space so more and more
people besides the technical side are
coming and being attracted into the
trading space and well we're also seeing
that is very impressive as this new
generation of traders that you hadn't
seen and any time in Mexico because
right now we have more accounts than all
stock brokers in Mexico together so we
have more users than them this is
amazing so the culture of owning stock
and owning equity and being a
shareholder in the capitalist system was
really not part of the Mexican culture
nope
and you guys are a start-up you've been
around what five or six years and you
already have more accounts than all the
stock broker just combined yeah so and
these people are now crypto savvy
they're trading savvy and I mean that's
how you build an economy I would think
yeah and also I mean you they might get
attracted by bait corn or
cryptocurrencies last year was a great
year in in retournez and what happens
afterwards is that they diversify em
they go they start trying
probably I should've invest in precious
metals probably I should invest in
stocks so yes you say this develops the
economy this develops investments and
and now it's they're getting diversified
people that got a 20x for example last
year well they're now experimented with
with stocks for example and they're
trying to build a portfolio which it's
happening the other way around them and
you guys possibly would might would also
go into brokerage right you're thinking
of that or right now we are we are
opening our institutional sales area so
we have been very good with retail
customers but we haven't been in the
past so good with this personalized and
institutional investor side and that's
something that we are focusing right now
especially me and doing this and we are
also creating this bridges for example
like you mentioned with the New Mexican
Stock Exchange we just made an event we
just got listed in Thomson Reuters so
the Baltimore markets through block
stream we got listed also in a nice data
services so we are getting all this
bridges built for institutional
investors to see how we are able to
service and to bring information and
financial sector for us to Mexico City
is coming up again soon we must come you
must so today thanks again for being at
the Kaiser report
thank you very much max that's gonna do
it for this addition on the Kaiser
report with me max Kaiser
Stacy I want to thank our guest Jose
Rodriguez he is with bit SOCOM if you
want to reach us on twitter it's Kaiser
report until next time bye y'all
