now yet more political turmoil is on the
cards in Italy after the country's
president derailed plans for a
Euroskeptic coalition he also appointed
a former International Monetary Fund
official as interim Prime Minister Carlo
Corelli stressed the need for close ties
with Europe our role within Europe
remains fundamental as is our continued
participation in the euro area while his
appointment came after the president
rejected the euro skeptic coalition's
choice of finance minister the media
reaction was quick to denouncing the
president as acting like a monarch and
blowing everything out of proportion
Charlotte dibinsky has the story well
what we know is that Italy will have an
interim neutral prime minister he's
called Carlo Corelli as you mentioned
he's a former director of the IMF and he
now has to form a government that
government then has to be approved by
the Italian parliament if they don't
approve his choice of a government full
of Ministers then Italy will face fresh
elections as soon as August if his
government pics are approved then those
elections are likely to be pushed into
the first half of 2019 well why are we
here well that's because the Italian
president had vetoed the choice of the
economy minister put forward by the
attempts to form a coalition by the
league and by five star movement that
man that was rejected was 81 year old
Paolo a Savona who is known as a
financial expert but he was vetoed
because he was seen as being too
Euroskeptic and even on Sunday the
Italian prime minister was saying look
guys just give me somebody who is not so
against Europe and I will approve your
government jaribg only I approved all
the proposals for the ministers but I
did not approve the name of the Minister
of Economy I asked for that ministry an
authoritative political figure from the
coalition parties who was not seen as a
supporter of a line that could provoke
Italy's exit from the euro
well the coalition leaders these are the
leaders of the league and the five star
movement
been angered by that decision by the
Italian Prime Minister's saying that
it's absolutely not democratic they say
that they've got the support of six out
of ten voters in Italy and they are
seething at what's happened in Italian
politics I'm wondering if we are in a
democracy and if in Italy the Italians
decide or the Germans decide or the
French decide it's incredible if this is
the actual point where have a great
problem in Italy this is not a free
democracy well the leader of the flag
also went on to make accusations against
German politicians and the German media
saying that they were interfering that
they were describing Italians as being
tax evaders as being beggars and that
comes after we saw the publication of a
number of German magazines basically
pointing out what they thought of that
potential coalition government one the
weak leader speaker had described
Italians as being scroungers another had
used its front cover to show at a van
with the Italian flag on it and the
symbols of those two parties actually
driving off a cliff showing that that is
what they thought and that went down
like a lead balloon in Italy meanwhile
the new Prime Minister Carlo Corelli has
been speaking today about what he sees
as the friendship with Europe and the EU
as being absolutely essential to Italy
and we already know that his appointment
has been given the seal of approval by
Brussels who say that they fully support
the decision by the Italian prior a
president to appoint Carlo Corelli
somebody who is clearly not an EU
skeptic but it's all not over there is
still a much turmoil in Italian politics
and you can be sure that both five-star
movement and the league will be using
what's happened over the last 24 hours
or so to drum up support whenever Italy
holds its elections next Charlotte
dibinsky reporting there we'll just to
give you some background a general
election almost three months ago
resulted in no party securing a majority
however a coalition pact was eventually
formed with a
political novice appointed Prime
Minister but he resigned just a few days
later after failing to form a government
we spoke to a member of the five-star
party one of the coalition partners who
says that the rejected economy minister
Savona was not anti-european incredible
point is that the the candidate Minister
Cibona it was the first saying us that
Italy has to stay in the EU in the
eurozone but has to be more strong in
the institution to bring some good point
at home
what metallus said today in a TV
conference was that it was not okay
because in the past he criticized the
you so can you imagine a democracy where
a Minister cannot be a minister because
he has some political idea you can be if
you have trials you can be a problem if
you have been judged as guilty for
something but you cannot be a problem if
you have some good idea
