joining me now from Ramallah is
Palestine chief negotiator Saeb Erekat
Zeb thanks for coming on going
underground firstly your reaction to
groups such as Britain's Labour friends
of Israel that alone Boris Johnson's
Foreign Office blaming Hamas for the
Israeli massacre of great return much
protesters this is shameful this is as
low as low can get you know when you
have 64 Palestinians slaughtered and
killed in cold blood
more than 2,500 wounded not a single
bullet was fired not a single
demonstrator had anything in their hands
and then they have this spin to blame
the killed and the victims I don't know
what we witnessing an international
politics even with all this TV coverage
with all this situation where the mat
all of them were killed in the land of
Gaza all of them were wounded in the
land of Gaza
not a single Israeli was shot wounded or
or even even threatened and yet there
are those people who come out to say
those who are killed should be blamed
this is shameful this is disgusting and
this is how low in this international
politics we're going I've never thought
in my life to see you know the Friends
of Israel in Britain or the nikki Haley
in the UN or or others who are more
playing more Israelis than the Israelis
on this at least there were some Israeli
writers who stood tall to say enough is
enough
about these massacres being committed
against the innocent civilian population
and then the second pretext they use
they say oh they're Hamas the Lieberman
the Defense Minister of Israel says
there are no innocent people of Gaza
imagine two million people there isn't a
single infant child woman man in the
eyes of Lieberman who is innocent so
everyone can be killed everyone should
be killed and then secondly we have
videos of Israeli soldiers shooting
sniping our kids and then dancing
dancing on it and at number three we
call for an investigation Commission
and who rejected the negotiate
investigation Commission Israel Haley
Trump Friends of Israel in London and
nowhere what what's going on that cannot
stand that that cannot stand if we if
you want peace in this region if we want
to defeat extremism in this region we
cannot allow this extremist Israeli
government to do what's doing in terms
of settlement activities the massacres
the the confiscation of land the
settlement activities the siege the
closure they have turned Gaza into a big
prison in the last 11 years
- a big prison then one response from
Britain is now to send Prince William
the first ever member of the royal
family to go to Israel what do you think
of that we were contacted and he also
want to - - to visit us we're not
against anybody's coming to visit this
region but we want people to stand tall
we want Britain to stand tall well you
have a you know the British Parliament
almost three years ago voted unanimously
to not recognize the State of Palestine
with is Georges méliès capital the
government didn't Israel should not be
rewarded I'm not gonna interfere in the
politics of Britain who comes and who
goes but all I'm saying is that if we
want to preserve international law if we
want to preserve the nonviolent
Palestinian struggle against Israeli
occupation people should stand tall
people especially in Britain should
stand tall and condemn these atrocities
and crimes committed against the
Palestinian people and take take the
step of courage by recognizing the State
of Palestine because when you say if you
support the two states you should
recognize the two states I'm not one
state I know you've said that because of
the Trump decision to move the embassy
all talks are off even if there were
talks what is the state of health of
your leader Mahmoud Abbas he's been in
hospital as a matter of fact I visited
with him he's doing well he had there
some
lung infection and there's some high
fever and he needed some treatment and
he's really recovering and doing very
well but didn't the Palestine paper
leaks in effect mean that you offered
Israel what Trump has you said the
biggest Jerusalem in Jewish history with
all of this wasn't true what I said was
Jerusalem should be divided East
Jerusalem should be the capital of
Palestine and West Jerusalem be the
capital of Israel but then we can have
open city of big Jerusalem that can be
run by both sides we don't want you know
out the day after peace is signed if we
ever reach that day things should look
different Palestinians and Israelis
deserve to live and let live and that's
what we did we did we did yes we did
recognize Israel's right to exist in
peace in 1667 lines we have accepted
many many many terms in terms of
security arrangements and so on but
unfortunately we haven't heard an
Israeli official say that they
recognized the State of Palestine on the
1967 lines we haven't heard an Israeli
official saying that settlement should
be stopped in the country or government
since Oslo agreement continue to build
settlement activities and continue
dictations and continue siege and
Clojure assassinations and all these
collective punishments being employed so
if peace at the end of the day is a need
and we need peace Israel need peace if
one day there were rise in Israel leader
a party that is willing to commit itself
to peace they should know that the only
solution is for the State of Palestine
with East Jerusalem as its capital to
live side by side with is the State of
Israel on the 1967 lines and as a
solution based on international law to
refugees prisoners water and other
issues should be should be found and we
can do it but so far this Israeli
government supported by the driver the
main driver for them now is mr. Trump
himself they believe they can dictate
the solution on us they believe they can
get away with the settlements and the
siege and the closure and making the
deeper apartheid system and the West
Bank and East Jerusalem then that which
existed in South Africa there are roads
in the West Bank today and East
Jerusalem
we cannot use as Palestinians only
Israelis can use and such diseases as
bigotry and racism once they inflict
underneath our skins our skins as a
humans all of us we have a tendency to
justify it
sociologically psychologically
economically sexually and now Israel is
using that the pretext of security to
justify the deep apartheid system also
upper side will not survive the current
situation is not sustainable so what
what Netanyahu on Trump are doing
they're destroying
moderates like me who believe in the
two-state solution who believe in making
a peace peacefully and non-violence I
mean me me my President Mahmoud Abbas
and and my party and the majority of the
Palestinian people they are really
destroying Palestinian Arab moderates
and if you take a sheet and and take the
Trump's decisions and the last see what
he did in the last year who gained then
who lost they're destroying and
destabilizing stability in this region
they are destroying the mothers in this
region they strengthening extremism in
this region and extremists in region
this region are applauding the decisions
as you said of President ROM because
they are telling us look for 25 years
you have been negotiating you recognized
Israel you want you said to us you
achieve the tutu's
the two-state solution Jerusalem is
Jerusalem the capital of Palestine was
Justin cata resurrect and look what
they're doing to you now
what do you answer what do I answer you
said when that leader arrives in Israel
until that time peaceful protest
arguably doesn't work what are your
people supposed to do until a leader
turns up in Tel Aviv but we have no
place to go today from the River Jordan
to the military nian and the greater
historic Palestine today I am fifty
point nine percent of the operation
Netanyahu and is 49.1%
other population what the question to
them what are they gonna do with me I'm
here I'm here to stay I'm gonna develop
my economy
my institutions my schools my
universities my hospitals I have to
protect my people in ever since possible
we still believed we were still still
continue to seek peace but we want
nations on earth like the European Union
for instance to move to extent all why
can't they do who knows is Jerusalem s
capital of Palestine where can they
recognize the Palestinian states when
they said two-state solution where can
they help Brazilian moderates to stay
the course where can we help keep hope
in the minds of Palestinians because I'm
afraid if peaceful demonstrations don't
work and if peace negotiations are not
working
I'm afraid this vacuum will be filled by
desperation and desperation when it
desperate acts that's the truth never a
dull moment if we want to avoid violence
if we want to avoid extremism if you
want to avoid desperate acts we should
act immediately to keep the hope alive
in the minds of Palestinians Chive Erica
thank you thank you welcome back we've
just heard from Palestine chief
negotiator Saeb Erekat talk about what
he believes a possible solutions to end
the violence in Gaza to hear the other
side of the story I am now joined from
Manchester by Rafi Blum the co-chair of
Northwest Friends of Israel Rafi thanks
for coming on going underground who is
to blame for the massacre in Gaza
because of the United States moving its
embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem
well I'd like to correct you industry
and say the massacre in Gaza Hamas were
to blame for any deaths they've
confirmed that of the 60 dead 50 members
of Hamas Islamic Jihad have claimed
another another three and let's be clear
this protest and these deaths were not
because of Donald Trump moving the
American Embassy to Jerusalem these
protests are quite clearly because Hamas
has lost its strategic advantages or
strategic threats and feels the need to
reinvent itself and so it's instigating
these riots knowing full well that
they're not going to get anywhere using
them as cover for attempted terrorist
attacks and infiltration into Israel and
so if anybody is to blame for any of the
deaths and it's clearly from us who send
civilians to a sovereign border fence
when they know the dangers of course the
international community does not
it is a border fence because it is in
violation of UN resolutions would you
though support an inquiry to vindicate
what you just said there it to answer
your first point first actually the the
border with Gaza and Israel is the
International armistice line there is no
debate yes or dislike not a border yeah
but there's no there's no debate it's
not it's not called the Green Line isn't
that there's no sort of you know gonna
be any attempt to renegotiate those
border lines in any final status
solution so it is Israel sovereign
border in terms of an inquiry I believe
that the IDF has done all it can to
mitigate as many sort of injuries and
casualties as possible I think it has
clear rules of engagement it issued
clear rules of engagement and I think
that we've seen that Hamas have used
these riots and as an attempt to
infiltrate we've seen videos of people
actually getting onto the other side
with knives with meat cleavers with
weapons shouting khaybar khaybar do you
think inquiry
don't you think an inquiry would
vindicate your position and that is
after all the position of the Israeli
government why not I mean when someone
is shot dead in London at the
demonstration there'd be an inquiry my
answer to that is is that I am not a
member of the IDF but I feel confident
that should there be an inquiry yes it
would vindicate the idea you see I
obviously ask that because the United
Nations Human Rights Commission has
voted 29 to 2 to independently
investigate but Israel will not support
any independent investigation into the
deaths well I think you have to look at
the United Nations you know Human Rights
Council is massively biased against
Israel in any event and a number of
countries abstained from that vote as
well including the UK and it's not the
United Nations Security Council it's not
the United Nations General Assembly it's
United Nations Human Rights Council
which has been known for four years
to issue biased resolutions against
Israel and you think that you mentioned
the United Nations armistice line isn't
there a problem here with Israel
continually opposing UN institutions
because when is Israel going to abide by
United Nations Security Council
resolutions well it's interesting you
say that because of course United
Nations resolution 242 doesn't state
that doesn't call for withdrawal
completely from any occupied territory
it calls to withdrawal to 1967 borders
it calls for withdrawal from this from
occupied territories in return for peace
and security so when you quote United
Nations resolutions you have to apply it
to both sides the United Nations
resolution 242 was very very clear
withdrawal from occupied territory in
return for peace and security Israel
does not have peace and security when
its neighbouring Arab countries and the
Palestinians offer it peace and security
you know why not focus on them why not
save to them well why have you wrote
there by doing by United Nations
resolution to photo and offering Israel
peace and security it's a two-way street
this resolution was not one way to a
solution of nationality according to the
international community and there's
certainly no conditionality on the
status of Jerusalem UN Security Council
two three three four in December of 2016
as recently as that so why is Israel
celebrating the banking of that
resolution well when you say Jerusalem I
mean let's be clear Jerusalem was the
capital of Israel in 1944 t 849 it's the
place where the governments it's where
the judiciary sit where the executives
sit it's where any foreign diplomat who
comes to Israel to meet with those
railey counterparts comes to visit lemak
square heads of state go it's never been
a capital of a Palestinian state to my
recollection correct me if I'm wrong
and so therefore Jerusalem is the
capital of the Jewish people it's been
historically the capital of the Jewish
people for millennia the review and
resolution says that settlements in East
Jerusalem are a flagrant violation of
international law United Nations
resolution says that obviously you know
eigem I don't believe that if any part
of Jerusalem is not part of Israel let
me tell you something I was in Israel
three weeks ago I spent a day in the
West Bank I spent a day with an East
Jerusalem with many East Jerusalem i'ts
and they said to me very very clearly
they would rather remain under Israeli
sovereignty and become citizens of
Israel than live under Palestinian
Authority rule and it's interesting
because in 1967 when Israel recaptured
or took control of East Jerusalem and of
the holy site it offered every
Palestinian or every Arab resident at
the time of East Jerusalem citizenship
now they collectively said no but at the
end of the day those citizens are those
residents of East Jerusalem
benefit from all the benefits that you
get from living in Israel and they've
said to me very
I heard it with my own ears that they
would rather remain under Israeli
sovereignty than be part of the
Palestinian Authority just finally I
don't know what you thought of the media
coverage of what's been happening near
that buffer zone between the Armistice
line but Britain's NATO ally Turkey has
compared Jews to Nazis in their
treatment of Palestinians indicative of
what you've been hearing from so many
sides of international community in the
past few weeks I mean first of all I
would say that you know any comparison
of of the israel-palestinian conflict to
the Nazis is abhorrent and it's actually
abscess emitted Israel it's not in
committing acts of genocide against the
Palestinians indeed the Palestinians now
number some 4.2 million people in 1948
there were six hundred and forty
thousand Israelis pretty rubbish at
genocide if that's the case no it's
completely wrong Turkey speak to the
forked tongue how come
Turkey who have been engaged in the
massacring of Kurds the ethnic cleansing
of Kurds and that's a fact
latchet Israel on dealing with the
Palestinians you know I was at the era's
border crossing three weeks ago
the Palestinian Authority stopped paying
for electricity in Gaza
they've slashed the salaries of Fatah
employees in Gaza they forced early
retirement of thousands more if I muscle
are using Palestinian civilians as human
shields for terror acts Israel is the
only entity that believes in increasing
the prosperity of gardens of ordinary
gardens and understands that that will
lead to potential peace and an increase
in potential peace so the international
community and Turkey especially is in no
position to lecture Israel about
anything
Rafi Blum thank you thank you very much
