diplomatic efforts to save the Iran
nuclear deal are in full swing with
European and Iranian diplomats making
enthusiastic noises the EU foreign
policy chief federica mogherini
said on Monday that all economic
relations between European companies and
Iran will be protected we've been acting
already at a European Union level to put
in place set of measures to make sure
that the nuclear agreement is preserved
and the economic investments from the
European side but also from other sites
and the words are protected however
companies operating in Iran are less
optimistic after US President Donald
Trump reneged on the deal he threatened
sanctions against those firms that might
work with Tehran our teaser Aneesha
Sethi takes a closer look it took 12
years of international diplomacy to
reach a nuclear deal that Trump decided
to tear up and now Europe is left to
protect economic ties with Iran from
renewed US sanctions we the committee in
the European Union will have to protect
our European companies and in particular
the small and medium sized enterprises
we will work so that we can maintain the
framework of the 2015 deal in spite of
the American decision we will ensure
that our companies can stay in Iran
business leaders however have struck
more pessimistic notes the CEO of all
giant total is ready to pull out of a
multi-billion dollar project and last
given a waiver it's not possible to run
a global company in this world today we
wished without having access to the US
system but that's always on reality of
the world and other European companies
accosting major doubts you know there's
a primacy of a political system and if
their premise is this is what they gonna
do then that's exactly what you're gonna
do the EU has decided to activate a law
that will ban European companies from
complying with US sanctions against Iran
but there's a snag the statute has never
been used before and is seen by European
governments as more of a political
weapon than a regulation because its
rules are difficult to enforce
indeed the EU blocking regulation could
be of limited effectiveness they're
given the International nature of the
banking system and especially the
exposure of large systemic banks to the
US financial system and u.s. dollar
transactions history has taught us their
translating partnership has been
strengthened by cooperation of trade
defense and shared values but in this
current crisis initiative needs to be
taken even if the European Union would
like to protect European companies who
want to continue to do business with
Iran they cannot really prevent United
States to sanction them on the American
market they don want to push to the
limit of a trade war will the European
Union member states be strong enough and
we have a political will to really
decide counter measures which will bite
the United States we are not so far in a
position to do this while the EU
scrambles to save the nuclear deal this
hasn't gone unnoticed by Tehran which is
ramping up the pressure the EU's
political support for the nuclear accord
is not sufficient the announcement of
the possible withdrawal by the major
European companies from their
cooperation with Iran is not consistent
with the European Union's commitment to
implementing the deal as it currently
stands Europe is talking tough on doing
business without the US but can the bloc
really stand alone when the time comes
to act
