for Russian military personnel have been
killed during a terrorist raid in d
rizal province in Syria that's according
to Russia's Defense Ministry who
released the news just a few hours ago
with more here's shackling berger syrian
unit in the area backed by russian
servicemen was attacked for roughly an
hour that's according to the statement
we have from the Russian Defense
Ministry and while it has not yet been
clarified who is behind the attack we do
know that small pockets of ISIL are
still left in that area the ministry
stated that for Russian servicemen did
die in the attack - at the scene and
five more were taken to the hospital
were two more succumbed to their
injuries and that makes this one of the
deadliest attacks involving Russian
servicemen in the country the ministry
also stated that those who perish will
be receiving commendations for their
service and their sacrifice the Russian
military is of course currently present
in the area in an advisory capacity in
the fight against terrorism for the
Syrian forces and during that fight we
saw at 43 terrorists and six of their
vehicles were taken out during the
attack Deir Ezzor has played a major
role in this fight against terrorism in
the country up until last November it
was a major stronghold for ISIL and was
under blockade by them for years much to
the detriment of those living in the
city but in November of last year the
city was fully liberated by the Syrian
forces who were backed by Russian
airstrikes
