a death row prisoners request to be
executed by the electric chair rather
than lethal injection has been denied by
the US state of Tennessee Edmond
sikorsky's lawyers are now appealing to
the Supreme Court faced with the choice
of two unconstitutional methods of
execution mr. sagorsky has indicated
that if his execution is to move forward
he believes that the electric chair is
the lesser of two evils
10 to 18 minutes of drowning suffocation
and chemical burning is unspeakable
Sikorski was convicted in 1983 of
murdering two men who had been expecting
to buy around 50 kilos of cannabis from
him he shot them and cut their throats
before stealing their money in truck
will in Tennessee lethal injection is
the primary method of execution for
death row inmates but if their crime was
committed before 1999 then they're also
offered the electric chair electrocution
can also be used if the injection is
unavailable or deemed unconstitutional
in gorski's case prison officials say he
needed to have requested the chair two
weeks before execution but failed to do
so legal expert Thomas Ruffin told us
the inmates lawyers appealed will likely
be rejected most of the people who would
be executed would probably prefer lethal
injection that is to be poison the death
as opposed to be electrocuted or to be
fried the definitely an electric chair
so this choice by mr. sagorsky is rather
unique most people choose lethal
injection I think the Supreme Court with
this current makeup would be likely to
go forward to allow this execution to go
forward unfortunately I think that's
what would happen there might be some
question about the nature of the
chemical mixture but that has been
explored so much over the last 10 years
or so but I think mr. sagorsky is
chances of being saved in that way are
limited so on the other hand I think the
more appropriate question is why would
the United States and 2018 still persist
with executions when there are much more
humane ways of punishing people
you
