what we've seen is the protesters or
some of them trying to smash some of the
buildings along this street where they
were marching the police came in
straight away we had some sort of
fireworks or what looked to be like a
Molotov cocktail of course it definitely
was but there was certainly an explosion
and then we saw the police then
dispersing tear gas
if he just look now you might see the
police are in the distance you've caught
some of what unknown has been the black
locks here in France they are covered
with their theses that's because they
don't want to be identified and you
might be able to see that they are
throwing items towards the police there
we have her tear gas and also so one
police officer being injured in clashes
with those protesters the protesters
also throwing paint at the police see
tear gas that's been spreading now
whether pieces they want to move the
protesters away to try and stop that
group from gathering to stop the people
who are throwing the police as you can
see that Chi guys now just coming down
covering us we're gonna have to move
back because that tear gas burns pretty
rapidly and it makes it incredibly
difficult to breathe to talk and also
quite painful because it actually makes
your skin burn when it touches it
