now with all this talk of foreign
meddling you would think that the
activities of a Hungarian billionaire
pouring money into American politics
might get more mainstream media play
George Soros is a longtime liberal money
man and right now he's trying to
influence the election of District
Attorney's across the United States
basically he's pouring money into the
campaign's of prosecutors he thinks will
enforce the law in line with his liberal
politics my name is Noah Phillips and
I'm running for District Attorney we've
got some work and some healing to do to
rebuild trust so we can keep Sacramento
safe for everyone
now getting supported by George Soros
isn't always a plus the man has plenty
of detractors what is the out-of-state
billionaire funding Noah Phillips
campaign not telling us
Noah Phillips unethical dangerous wrong
for da George Soros has been sticking
his nose into politics around the world
for decades
he started out funding anti-communist
dissidents during the late period of the
Cold War more recently he's been backing
best for Britain an anti brexit group in
the UK we've got one mission and that is
to try and stop break say George Soros
is foundations have along with a number
of other major donors also made
significant contributions to our work
indeed through his foundations he's
contributed four hundred thousand pounds
he's been working to try and repeal the
abortion laws in Ireland
his activities there have actually been
deemed illegal with Amnesty
International being ordered by the
authorities to return his donations but
that hasn't stopped him or even given
him pause and trying to influence the
politics of a foreign country that is
just another example of outside
interference by moneyed interests in
very very delicate and intimate matters
concerned our citizens and their own
culture Soros recently experienced a few
setbacks in Hungary Central European
University which he's very close to was
unaccredited so what did he do he moved
it over the border into Austria George
Soros has no problem crossing borders
moving money and creating a ruckus in
order to further his political agenda
the man has actually gone as far as to
speak of himself in divine terms I admit
I have always harbored an exaggerated
view of my self-importance to put it
bluntly I fancied myself as some kind of
God or an economic reformer like kings
or even better a scientist like Einstein
with all this talk of Washington
corruption and big lobbyists don't
forget about the big man himself George
Soros is globally oriented and he has no
problem going to other lands and telling
people how to live their lives caleb
Maupin RT New York well American
journalist max Blumenthal believes
lobbying in the United States is a way
of corruption covered up as business we
get kind of a kook narrative that leaves
out the real source of corruption in
Washington which is our allies buying
influence and taking American policy
over the brink in the Middle East
foreign governments are paying billions
of dollars into think-tanks lobbying
firms and even Hollywood in order to
curry favor in the US the term collusion
can certainly be applied to this
lobbying this is the story I think that
everyone in Washington is missing out on
because it's considered business as
usual and it's basically collusion only
takes place
