86 Palestinian demonstrators were
injured in violence on the Gaza border
on Friday is the eighth week of anti
occupation protests known as the great
march of return Hindery has been
following events since the beginning of
the great march of return on the 30th of
march at least 9,000 Palestinian
protesters have been injured with live
ammunition teargas canisters and other
weapons the Israeli forces have been
using against the Palestinian protesters
and since the last the last death toll
of today is 115 Palestinian protesters
were killed as you see tensions arising
the Palestinian protesters are throwing
rocks and the Israeli forces are
reacting to these rocks with live
ammunition and I can clearly see the
Israeli snipers and we can hear also the
live ammunition there are stationed
right here we can see like at least 8
Israeli soldiers trying to walk towards
the fensterer also all the ambulances
here ready to take any injury it's very
obvious that Palestinians will continue
to protest and won't give up on
protesting the Israeli Defense Forces
defended their handling of the
protesters they said in a tweet that the
use of riot dispersal means and fire is
in line with standard procedures just
hours before Friday's demonstrations
Israel's Supreme Court rejected a
petition by human rights groups against
the use of lethal military force
targeting unarmed protesters in Gaza in
the ruling judges also rejected the idea
that the demonstrations have been
peaceful claiming the situation amounts
to an armed conflict against Hamas which
Israel sees as a terror group the
decision has outraged the human rights
groups the Israeli Supreme Court's
completely ignored the broad factual
basis present
to it by the petitioners which includes
multiple testimonies of wounded and
reports of international organizations
involved in documenting the killing and
wounding of unarmed protesters in Gaza
since the protests began on March 30th
Israeli forces have killed at least a
hundred Palestinians
we use this kind of decisions by the
Israeli optical system this is not the
first time to be on the side that the
military system against the civilians we
have this many times and we are now we
have very serious concerns about the
lives of the civilian more and more so
this is an kind of encouragement and
green-lighted the Israeli snipers
shortage shooting towards the civilians
not only shooting also killing so this
is the time that the international
community in order to be on the side of
the Palestinian civilians against such a
great violations committed by the
Israeli Court and Israeli military
