the forms number one Congress hall event
was precious because rank one and in one
case ranked two politicians from such
global powerhouses as France Russia
Japan and China talked about everything
there's to worry about in international
politics today not behind closed doors
hot and cold Donald Trump at one point
says no to his talks to Kim and decides
to ditch the Iranian nuclear deal and
there you have it the likes of Vladimir
Putin and Emmanuel macron thanks to the
st. Petersburg International Economic
Forum are sitting shoulder to shoulder
and sharing their thoughts on it here's
a taste of the highlights emotions duo
to show that we have to do everything
possible to save the deal the u.s.
president hasn't closed the doors of
negotiation he says he's dissatisfied
with a number of issues and deal but he
doesn't exclude talks with Iran it's a
two-way Road the door must remain open I
think not all is lost
they are pretty honest oh I couldn't
change Donald Trump's decision on Iran
but at least I've tried I explained that
this agreement was signed using
international efforts I think that
President Trump has refused to sign the
2015 agreement because it was initially
signed by his predecessor who is as he
thinks bad by definition China hopes for
peace and stability on the Korean
Peninsula under no circumstances should
we allow war to break out in the region
that's why we should promote the process
of demilitarization as for the summit
between North Korea and the US I think
we have to do everything to make this
summit happen so that many issues can be
resolved school other words a sad
situation is that everyone plays
football but they use the rules of Judo
that's chaos that's where we're heading
to the sanction bludgeon is not only
being used on Russia but do you have any
advice that the world in terms of how to
deal with President Trump
because you were somebody who was
associated with the election of
President Trump but I work with them a
provocators I've got nothing to do with
Trump's election campaign and you are
not a natural provocative I believe in
French foreign policy that is based on
Independence there are things that tie
is really closely to the u.s. like
foreign security my latest resolution
manual said that Europe and the US have
mutual obligations Europe depends on the
u.s. in the realm of security but you
don't have to worry about that will help
will provide security as journalists we
are always happy when the movers and
shakers have so many things to say about
what's going on around the world but the
st. Petersburg forum is originally about
business so day three as the time to
count all these digits on the many
contracts that were signed here
