hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report I am feeling it Stacy
hey max hilarity in the nerf zone
Italian two year yields still near 0% as
new government proposes haircut for
creditors and alternate currency markets
on knife edge the proposals by a
government for a debt write-off and the
issuance of short term credit notes as a
sort of alternative currency our
hallmarks of a looming default and
should cause the talent yields to spike
into the stratosphere or at least into
the double digits and so Italian
government bonds fell and the yield
spike today adding to the prior four
days of spiking but wait Italian bonds
world trading it at the two year was
that negative rates only a few days ago
so a few weeks ago so people are bonkers
this is hilarious the world is flat and
I can prove that because the ship of the
economic state is about to fall off the
edge of the world in plummet into the
abyss so no economic interest rate
gerrymandering manipulation
contortionists tickly re-engineering
financialization will result if anything
less than the bond pocalypse the bond
market is in a 300 year bubble it's
about to blow and it's going to cause
massive problems and chaos so let's put
Italy compare it to the United States
okay we we both like clowns as
presidents that's apparently true but
Italy can't print their own money yet
they're trying to introduce a parallel
currency but nevertheless one can agree
that they've had a history of devaluing
they kept on devaluing for example
leading up into the euro I did a lot of
deals with them when I was at a film
distribution company and we kept on
having to renegotiate because they were
always devaluing today they're in one of
the worst debt
and we've been talking about this for
quite a few years since the fight the
last financial crisis of 2008 through
2009 we were like when is Italy gonna
blow and can Europe deal with that well
five trading days ago the Italian
two-year yield was still negative 0.12
percent in other words investors were
still paying the Italian government
whose new players are contemplating a
form of default for the privilege of
lending it money and now the two-year
yield has spiked to A+ but still
minuscule 0.2 4 7% at the moment by
comparison the US Treasury two year
yield is two point five seven percent
over ten times higher so the US
government right now has the world
reserve currency the US dollar it cannot
possibly default on your bond so they
could print money italy cannot print
euros and yet people are paying ten
times more the US government has to pay
ten times more than Italy does to borrow
well they're assuming that the European
Central Bank will continue to buy these
bankrupt Italian bonds you know in a
world where the Pentagon recently
announced that they lost twenty trillion
dollars and they can't find it you know
that's say that's showing you four for
example that the u.s. can't print money
they can blow up twenty trillion dollars
and nobody it doesn't matter
Italy if they blow up ten billion euros
the chaos ensues across Europe right
okay so you have twenty million dollars
gone missing in the Pentagon and there's
no accounting standard whatsoever and at
Italy that's a subset of the size of the
Italian economy that total GDP of Italy
is considerably smaller than twenty
trillion dollars and so you have
obviously robots that are buying these
bonds without any sound economic reason
to do so so this is part of the bond
pocalypse is that there's nobody
actually a human being deciding that
these negative interest rate bonds are a
good deal these are robots 80 to 90
percent of all the deals are done by
robots and the robots are either a
trying to destroy the global economy or
B are not programmed to act rationally
well that's one way of looking at Mario
Draghi but we're going
look at why these yields why the US
government has to pay ten times more
than Italy to borrow money for two years
why that is happening is partly because
the US Fed is no longer buying their own
bonds like they were during quantitative
easing they're tapering and remember
we've often said you can't taper Ponzi
and what happens is the collusion is as
soon as the u.s. stops buying the US
Treasury stops buying the US Fed stops
buying their own bonds well then the ECB
steps in so how is this possible
according to wolf street it says as been
possible because the ECB run by an
Italian has been buying Italian
government and corporate bonds hand over
fist
along with bonds from other countries in
the eurozone as part of its QE in order
to do whatever it takes and what it took
was to stop any and all price discovery
into force investors such as life
insurers and retirement schemes that
have to buy euro bonds to buy Italian
bonds even when the yields were negative
these outfits actually their
beneficiaries whose money this is are
now pocketing guaranteed losses so it's
not hilarious to them as I said the
pension accounts and the and the
retirement accounts are programmed
robotically algorithmically to buy these
bonds even though it makes no rational
sense they're locking in losses now that
makes no sense it's like you're on the
Titanic and you hear the warnings
there's an iceberg ahead iceberg ahead
but you say you know I'm gonna ignore
the warnings I'm simply gonna sail into
the iceberg again they're basically
Italy is allowed to borrow at a lot
cheaper rate than the United States
people are buying negative yielding
bonds on a government that's about to
discipline to implode the economy there
in Italy let's look to investors in the
United States mostly New York Stock
Exchange and Nasdaq and all that trading
is done by robots
but those robots act on behalf of the
ordinary investor and in in for pension
funds and things like that but there are
also VC funds and they've been well the
entire economy is movie based now enjoy
it while you can
overall 76% of the companies that went
public last year were unprofitable on a
per share basis in the year leading up
to their initial offerings according to
data compiled by Jay rich
professor at the University of Florida's
Warrington's School of Business that was
the largest number since the peak of the
dot-com boom in 2000 when 81% of newly
public companies were unprofitable of
the 15 tech companies that have gone
public so far in 2018 only three had
positive earnings per share in the
preceding year according to mr. Ritter
so they talked about uber Airbnb we work
until buddy makes money they have
massive losses they go public they still
don't have earnings Airbnb is the first
time they've actually made some profits
in this last quarter so we have a
negative basically venture capitalists
have been financing vast ways of our
economy I you can take an uber so cheap
and so easily because investors are
paying for half of the ride you can pay
you can get cheap office space in
downtown Manhattan because investors are
paying half of the price the they no
longer have true cost to them they're
basically subsidizing the customer in
order to basically destroy all the
competition and create monopolies all
right getting back to these pension
accounts they're vast pools of capital
that are algorithmically managed and so
they say these companies that are going
public as a way to put money to work
even though makes no rational sense now
25 years ago companies would go public
as a way to expand there would be a
viable corporation you'd have to meet
certain criteria too for being a viable
corporation and then you are allowed to
go public now there are no such criteria
so if you're essentially burning through
cash and going bankrupt you're using the
public marketplace to bail out a losing
position so in effect you have taken the
concept of a lottery ticket and you've
turned that into a listed piece of paper
on the New York Stock Exchange so
there's no viable businesses here
they're not generating a viable business
you know profits and earnings they are
simply 100 billion dollar lottery
tickets okay so I'm going to compare
this to the situation in Italy Italy has
no viable economy partly because there
is a monopoly on printing money for the
euro
that's the EC
the ECB has been locking in losses for
pension funds and other passive
investors across Europe by basically
buying up on their behalf bonds for the
Italian government at negative yields ie
them in paying the Italian government to
continue with their reckless policies
here they're hoping to have a similar
sort of monopoly position that central
bankers have that's the only way to
compete with central bankers you as a
businessperson
have to compete with the central bankers
they have a monopoly position and can
print money at will but also can burn
money at will
so here the rise in unprofitable
companies is partly the result of the
growth in the technology and biotech
sectors where companies tend to lose
money for years as they spent on
customer acquisition and research and
development but it also reflects the
willingness of shareholders and deep
pocketed private investors to keep
fast-growing upstarts afloat long enough
to conquer a potential winner take all
market
today's public tech companies generally
earn more revenues than their dot-com
era counterparts and could find it
easier to flip the profit switch once
they reach a sufficient size of course
that reminds me of when Ben Bernanke
said you know we can print money for
here to Eternity and whatever you know
as soon as inflation happens we could
just flip a switch here they're doing it
the opposite is there hoping to destroy
all the competition and once enough
competition is destroyed they'll just
flip a switch and it'd be able to jack
up their rates but by the time they
destroy all the competition of course
I'm gonna destroy the jobs at that
competition and therefore a lot of
people won't be able to pay the higher
rates well yeah
Jeff Bezos is the model that everyone's
chasing he famously kept earnings absent
until he's flicked a switch and became
this trillion dollar company all right
well we got to take a break
don't go away much more coming your way
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to turn to Alena
Morano MA she's the co-founder of trades
or welcome thank you let's talk about
trades are for a second what is it it's
a hardware wallet that secures your
Bitcoin without you having to have a
knowledge of security encryption and and
creating backups okay we'll get to that
more about in a second now we met at the
first Bitcoin conference the very first
Bitcoin conference in Prague in 2011 and
what brought you to that event and how
did it change your life at that time I
was studying diplomacy focused on
international economic relationships
let's say and I was writing a thesis
about international monetary system in
the current imbalances that was shortly
after the big crisis in 2008 I was
2010/11 and I was researching LED
systems and local currencies and as they
are and trying to look for an
alternative way to create money that
would be sound and I found out about
Bitcoin and then you've been speaking at
the at the conference so my friend just
invited me say hey max guys there's
going to be their site so that's very
cool oh yeah we had a great time at that
conference and in 2011 and a lot of
people were there that went on to start
businesses in your case tracer and
Satoshi Labs and so getting more
specific what inspired you to build
trace or I think there's a bit of a
story there as well correct well there
is a story there were there were some
attempts to create a hardware wallet
before my team jumped on it by some
German professor whom however failed to
fail to do that and so my partner's
bubble in and market Satoshi Labs smart
guys felt like hey why don't we try and
it was basically hobby project like then
we did a crowdfunding on Bitcoin that
helped us do the basic R&D and
development and ship ship the first few
thousands and then we took off as a
company we set new standards for
personal secure
right so just four people maybe enough
familiar with the Tresor it has become
like the industry standard almost I mean
people always talk about trade czars to
become part of the agro the crypto space
but just walk through how it actually
works it's a piece of hardware and what
happens how does it work okay so it's a
it's an offline computer basically it
what it does this basically generates
your private keys in a secure
environment and then it's science
transactions that's what it does it
supports a myriad of different
currencies and so to use it you just
plug it into your computer prepare your
transaction on on a computer screen and
ask your treasurer - to sign the
transaction browsers have you shipped
I'm not telling them a lot out loud a
lot a lot ok well let's move on
you know people when they own Bitcoin
they learn about individual economic
sovereignty is actually a very difficult
thing to secure literally many
mom-and-pop investors have been piling
into purely for speculation
but what is your warning or advice on
keeping these coins safe oh there's
plenty and there's plenty well first
start of taking purchasing any hardware
wallet any any type you choose that's
that's fairly now on antistick buy by
time and by users it's a good good way
to start if you happen to be one of the
early bitcoiners or one of the weak
investors i would probably advise to be
quiet about how much cryptocurrencies
you own that's that's kind of like a
general rule this term individual
sovereignty what does that mean to you
freedom free from I'm from chick I was
born in Czechoslovakia
okay country's been through some
political turmoil yes and also from a
very top-heavy state level top-down and
so this idea of individual sovereignty
is not necessarily it's hard for a lot
of Americans to accept me even the
accept the fact that they would need
individual sovereignty of they do quite
obviously but in other countries and
maybe the use the case for this is even
more of an obvious case it would you
is there a can you comment on that it
may be true that you know you're the
history and where you grow up shape your
views and you know opinions on life and
for me personally I prefer to be
responsible for my own stuff and not be
babysit by companies governments so this
is pretty much the why I love Bitcoin
and why I love cryptocurrencies and
blockchain technologies because that's
one way to achieve this kind of freedom
it's interesting the way that Bitcoin
has evolved in different countries for
different reasons you know I'm thinking
about Venezuela and Argentina there's a
use case there because their currencies
are in freefall in some countries where
there's a more of a top-heavy
bureaucratic you know overlay
politically there's a need to have a
more unique expression of individual
sovereignty for some countries they're
just out of the banking system clearly
countries in Africa they've been left
out completely
all these countries all over the world
have found a salvation in Bitcoin for
different reasons you're of course on
the side of security and how has
security of Bitcoin evolved and where is
it going I think I it's going towards
more usability so we see a lot of
implementations where people just use it
click Next Next Next and that's that's
how we try to design treasure so my
mother eventually would be able to to
set it up and and use it without having
to understand Bitcoin we will see a lot
of multi signature implementations
together with hardware bullets or
without yeah I think just make all these
technology all the security work in the
background so we don't need to actually
understand or see what's happening what
about on the institutional level and for
corporations you know they take a
position there might be a billion
dollars worth or a state for example
these states now that were once critical
of Bitcoin are not thinking about buying
Bitcoin because they see it as a way to
escape the US dollar in
the hegemony that comes at the US dollar
what are the security solutions for them
is a tress or an appropriate can this
kind of government put a billion dollars
of Bitcoin on a trace or totally I would
only say like you always choose the the
security setup that's appropriate to the
purpose so if you need automated
payments then tears are obviously is not
a good good way to go because stairs are
requires you to actually push the button
so for automated large volume
transaction for exchanges there are
other solution using HSM modules and so
on but if you are a fund or in peak
investor or corporation or whatever
investing a lot of money just wanting to
keep it safe
treszura is a perfectly fine solution
we've been keeping the company's crypto
and my own private crypto on the
treasure since day one and I remember
hearing a story about the Winklevoss
twins over there at Gemini talking about
security of their Bitcoin how they snip
the private keys paper keys into two or
three pieces and deposit them in
different safe deposit boxes and
different locations our late friend
Matthew Mellon also did something
similar what do you think about that
approach oh it's great it's called a
Shamir shared secret what Shamir's
Chimaera's yeah kind of I don't know the
order of the wards
it allows you to just take the the
private key and divide in several pieces
and then you can say ok I will create
three pieces and to recover the key I
will only need two of the three any two
of the three for example and it's
probably good way to to distribute your
keys on different locations and have
just by you know acquiring the two
pieces putting all the all the private
key together what's your take on the
reaction from the old guard the the
warren buffett Charlie Munger Paul
Krugman the old economist Nouriel
Roubini
they've really come out
with critical comments on Bitcoin and
and they're really trying to talk it
down what's your take on that where does
that come from what other statements
company what is there any basis for it
first of all there's a lot of people who
really believe in the current system and
I've been working for banking and
finance for ten years before crypto and
when I was leaving it my the the CEO of
the insurance company I worked for he
was extremely skeptical and he was
making kind of a little bit fun and
there's these people who've worked and
lived there they really believe that the
system works and we should have bailouts
and we should have quantitative easing
and we should have all these things and
eventually they also changed their mind
the people that you mentioned probably
are having big interesting in keeping
the status quo because they have
billions and trillions of dollars of
interesting in the current system so
obviously they will not praise Bitcoin
what's the status right now with women
in crypto so around the world
you've got entrepreneurs coming into the
space startups all over the all over the
world many are women what is the story
with women or here's what I want to ask
you a question yeah as a woman my belief
is that the initiation of Bitcoin
through the Genesis block was a very
male oriented process the scaling issues
that Bitcoin needs to now facilitate and
engage to grow is a uniquely female
attribute that women are naturally
natural networkers and bitcoin needs to
grow the network therefore I think the
leadership of Bitcoin and crypto will
now be passed to women women will now
lead this revolution to where it has to
go your thoughts on what I just said
I think you're probably right to a
certain extent I you know when you look
at the washing machine is probably
invented by a man but then adopted by
women because they had the need when you
look at South Korea
and the adoption of Bitcoin there
there's a lot like basically most of
most of the conversions and investments
in crypto are done by women
for example you know Jim and old mrs.
Watanabe who is the woman who's buying a
saying Forex all day long and is moving
those markets I mean once she gets into
crypto in a big way she already is this
is having an impact and the technologist
if I'm thinking I'm thinking about you
know the MIT lab and Elizabeth Stark for
example is leading lightning networks I
mean this seems to me to be the next
generation this is where things are
going what do you think that's a fair
statement Oh we'll see we'll see I'm not
really into this topic in particular
because I always say bitcoin is
permissionless so whoever wants to jump
in and feels like he can participate in
bring something of his or her qualities
in you're free to do and the 2011
Princeton you know she's been building
stuff and doing stuff and so next next
five years for your company where do you
see that going it's not my company
anymore and left treasure in Satoshi
labs but we're still very very good
friends they just released a new model
the treasure tea and I think that will
be a game changer once everyone realizes
what what's what's going on there
because the next step is to actually
allow a lot of people a lot of
developers to create any security
applications on top of or using the
treasure hardware wallet and you can
imagine secure messaging all right
encrypting every keystroke of your
computer you can imagine secure you know
sharing of documents encryption of
security the protocol expands to
messaging and documents and other things
it is a a universe or general purpose
security device that just encrypts
anything
it supports several curves so you can
basically use it to my award-winning
chocolate
cookie recipes yeah to keep them out of
the hands of the competition absolutely
yeah if you do an M&A for your cookies
yes she'll be totally safe thank you for
protecting my cookies actually before we
go
tell us about your foundation okay I'm
launching a foundation that's called
Kadam at bloom codon bloom calm I'll
write it for you
which is dedicated to support research
and development on top of Bitcoin and by
that I mean supporting basic protocols
developing lightning that were
developing RGB protocol and all these
new things that are coming that I'm very
excited about I'm trying to pull smart
people from the space people that I
value that have done a lot a lot of good
stuff and that they know they're
knowledgeable to be able to help new
projects with their advice with contacts
and so on
and of course I'm looking for money so
whoever is watching and feels like he
wants to throw in a few bitcoins from
his early investments and help help
contributing to this space blue code I'm
its bloom oh so we'll put the name of
that underneath that you'll see it and
the title they could figure that well
thank you so much for being on the guys
report thank you well that's gonna do it
for this edition of the kinds of report
with me Max Keiser and Stacy Herbert
want to thank our special guest alina
vera nova a co-founder of tresor and now
with the foundation Cottam blue what you
can see underneath there what that's all
about you can catch us on Twitter at
Kaiser report until next time
