the conversion of agreements of
understanding that was signed during
your historic visit to Tokyo when our
colleges call it now many agreements
were signed and right now almost all of
them are implemented in real life as for
the outlook the company was saying that
they started shooting a movie about love
between a Russian soldier and a Japanese
girl because without understanding the
cultural peculiarities it is hard to
create closeness between the economies
in order for the projects to be more
efficient and effective that we're
discussing today for such projects to
multiply our sovereign fund I mean our
di F together with Jay big have created
a Russian Japanese investment fund which
was also they were also presenting their
outcomes they're very impressive very
tangible mr. president I would like to
ask you to make an intervention and
welcome representatives of Japanese
businesses and like to ask mr. Abba to
add his insights thank you I would like
to say just a few words Japan for us is
of course one of priority partners for
cooperation in asia-pacific region but
not only in Asia would also like for our
relations with Japan to be global as a
matter of fact our Japanese friends
quite often do so as alexei has
mentioned just now about Toyota being
active here in st. Petersburg the north
west of the Russian Federation
we know that goods that are produced
here they
entering not only the domestic Russian
market but they also entered third
countries markets you know that Russia
is actively pursuing integrational
processes in post Soviet Union space we
have created in this a Eurasian Economic
Union I believe that many of you know it
this is a market with already 170
million people it is vibrantly
developing this based on WTO principles
we have no waters for movement of goods
investments and labor this is very
convenient to working in such market
which also includes Russian Federation
we have great interest in the initiative
of Prime Minister of Japan mr. Albin on
development of Russian Japanese
relations according to a priority points
plan from that we pitched our own plan
with 80 priority projects some of them
have already began to be implemented the
whole world knows Japanese achievements
in high-tech in separate production
sectors where Japan has been and still
remains an absolute leader naturally
we're interested in working on this in
this fears we attach great important
important to development of traditional
interaction spheres for example energy
we have already mentioned car industry
Prime Minister has mentioned
during the panel discussion the
possibilities to work in healthcare we
have specific proposals there including
jointly combating and oncological
diseases
I believe that Russia also has something
to offer to our Japanese friends and
partners on the whole this is that
atmosphere that sentiment that we have
in Japanese Russian relations and that
gives me each and every ground to say
the hope that investment which are right
now at about two billion dollars only of
I mean Japanese investments in Russian
and trade while considering the
potential that we have is still seems
quite modest I believe we have about
eighteen billion dollars over the past
year all that could be multiplied many
fold and we are very interested in
considering Japanese interest in
development of our relations I would
like to say that we'll do everything in
our power to produce a conducive
environment for investment and for
economic activity thank you very much
Eugene da-da-da I thought was I am I
stopped mr. Putin thank you very much I
would now like to give the floor to
Prime Minister of Japan
mr. Sanjay Jha mr. Abba we have the
floor
so transitive to put indebted also
statistically President Putin ladies and
gentlemen we're holding Japanese Russian
business dialogue and would like to
welcome you back in the day Peter the
first conceived st. Petersburg as a
window into Europe and indeed today st.
Petersburg is an international City here
today we have gathered leaders of
business Japan and Russia Japanese and
Russian relations have great potential
as for the implementation of this
potential two years ago I have proposed
to president putting a plan of
cooperation in in on eight points Russia
is rich in natural resources and Russia
has a market of more than 100 million
people and outstanding human capital
cooperation based on added resource
considering knowledge and technologies
in of Japan already bears fruit and
gives us first blooming flowers we have
more than 130 projects in our joint
cooperation and more than half of it
have already taken off the paper is
being implemented President Putin has
outlined strategy of development until
2024 the image of the future for the
next six years increased lifespan
improved health care better living
standards more productive expert export
oriented production digital economy many
of these tasks aimed at improvement of
cooperation and it is this plan that
fully coincides with the tasks that have
been outlined with mr. Putin by mr.
Putin health care medicine
at the beginning of this month involve
Ofsted we have opened a rehabilitation
center feed cancer and other spheres
prophylactic medicine healthy life all
that is being in explored by specialists
we're starting specific work as for
urban areas
Veronica's been a pilot area and there
is a road with smart Japanese traffic
lights and we saw a decrease in traffic
jams by 30 percent we continue
developing railroads and we have created
a project for Vladivostok development as
for a traditional cooperation sphere
energy we're also working on different
projects including cycling masti still
see Gamal LNG is a investment point a
ship Pacific region is developing its
export potential
it also produces different links between
the companies and productions on
increasing productivity in Russian
companies Toyota for example as well as
Nissan company are transferring their
know-how and diffuses their know-how and
technologies despite the fact that these
companies have already build investments
and invested they had come across with
difficulties that had to do with
economic crisis and decreased sales
still they had deep roots in Russian
market and they're working there
therefore these companies are developing
regional production this is a specific
feature of Japanese companies Japanese
and Russian companies hand-in-hand can
implement many projects that will bear a
great benefit to the life of people of
both countries I'm positive about that
I'm sure that this would help us to
create beneficial future for both other
countries and I guess that our business
dialect today would be a fruitful
platform set and I'll look into the
future
obviously I didn't nobody I thought was
like my stop so thank you very much mr.
Abbey and now we would like to ask the
representatives of the business
community to you ask questions to
President Putin and to Prime Minister
Abe a on the part of the Japanese
Business Circle we would like to ask
question and questions and the first
question is from mr. asada who is the
chair of the Russian Japanese Committee
on Economic Cooperation thank you very
much I am the chair of the Russian and
Japanese Economic Committee thank you
very much for giving me the opportunity
to ask a question we have already said
about the eight points two years have
elapsed since the announcement of the
cooperation plan plan consisting of
eight points there is a common opinion
that the scope and the quality of
economic relationships between Russia
and Japan is not enough from the point
of view of mutually beneficial business
and I would like to pose a question to
mr. president and I would like to ask
the following there is such an opinion
as regards with the eight points and to
the far east we see the attention being
paid to this issue you go you mother
Kaiser
and as for the business climate in
Russia it is getting better and it's
just now on par with Japan and we are
paying special attention to the work
carried out in the Far East of Russia
for example the government of Russia is
now implementing a number of measures
such as the free port of Vladivostok etc
etc however Japanese business is not
very actively involved in it and in
order to broaden the participation of
business we need to create a relevant
infrastructure in the Far East of Russia
and to work in various areas for example
extending fiscal benefits we want to
have a system to have a guarantee for
the further improvement of the currency
exchange system and since our etc if
such infrastructure is in place then the
Japanese would be more actively involved
in the market I have mentioned that many
a time but the fact is that the
infrastructure when we work in Russia is
very important and when we work in
Russia we see the private public
partnership and other measures would
create the proper climate for our
cooperation and our company companies
are here today and this is a great day
for us because we have concluded a
memorandum on the creation of a network
of high-speed railways and high road
that we want to construct in Russia and
this is great news for us
we should work in compliance with the
time limits and I have the following
question what do you expect to see from
the presence of Japanese companies and
what additional measures to attract
Japanese investors do you plan to
exercise this is my question thank you
very much thank you very much for the
opportunity today
fujifilm holding no skin off Kenji such
already small I would like to ask you to
keep imposing questions to our leaders
and now the president of the Fujifilm
holding ladies and gentlemen I was just
my position was just announced and I
present the Fujifilm company this is
indeed an honor for me to be here and to
ask questions to our leaders our company
fujifilm since opening our trade office
in nineteen ninety-three we've been
creating a proper basis on the Russian
market on selling medical supplies and
in 2009 we made this office our range
our affiliate companies to start selling
digital cameras and medical print
materials as was required by the
demanders on the Russian market but from
that in March of last year together with
our farm company we have signed an
agreement on cooperation with regards to
healthcare and over the course of the
year we have explored different
opportunities for cooperation and once
again I would like to once again
highlight that mr. epic is here he is
the head of the art farm company and
together with this company
we have struck a very important deal and
over this year we've been exploring the
opportunities as to how we can develop
our cooperation in this sector that is
why we decided to develop the trade in
medical equipment and biological
additives on the Russian market and for
the start of January we plan to start
selling this product this is one point
in our plan in order to increase life
expectancy and a healthy life as for the
issues we are facing when it comes to
selling our goods in Russia with regards
to our joint activities with the art
farm and with actual highlight that we
will work together long term and we will
work with our Russian partner together
and we will work successfully on the
Russian market we are facing certain
challenges which do not allow us to
broaden and to expand our cooperation
this is due to the licensing limit for
drugs which is on average a year and a
half and despite the fact that this time
has been decreased the average time is
still quite long so in order to quickly
distribute a high-tech medical drugs in
Russia and to boost the healthcare level
as well as to contribute in to the
longevity of the Russian people we would
like to refer to you with a request mr.
Putin because you might consider easing
the procedures and easing the
regulations with regards to the medical
drugs which are already licensed in
strict compliance with the norms and
regulations of Japan thank you very much
now mr. hig may the present of you who
gave an electric thank you very much for
providing me with an opportunity to ask
questions
I managed edema from a Yokogawa electric
our company in Yokohama is dealing with
high tech when it comes to information
control we are authoring high-tech
products and high tech solutions on a
global scale we've been working in oil
gas and petrochemicals in Russia we've
been cooperating really closely with
Russian companies hi we have high tax
and LNG plants and we want to boost the
productivity of energy efficiency we are
localizing a number of projects with
several employees for example one
employer who is the president of the
company in whose Japanese and this
companies have up to 450 Russian
employees we want to further contribute
into the energy sector to boost the
productivity and energy efficiency in
Russia and I would like to post the
following question what are you doing to
use the digital technologies and in
Japan with the Society of 5.0 concept
and connected industries we see the
interconnectivity of various interests
and we are trying to come up with the
ultra smart society and to create new
bayless on the basis of digital
technologies and Russia has been
actually working on developing a digital
sphere and the digital transformation in
energy is getting more and more
important within the framework of this
project we are now cooperating on
digital innovation
with the gas prom left company the
Gazprom oil company and we will keep
working with other Russian companies in
future when it comes to innovations that
is I would like to learn whether the
Russian government plans to implement
support measures to revitalize and to
accelerate the cooperation between
Russian and Japanese companies and I
would also like to ask you what's
tragedy do you want to develop in the
area of digital transformation for the
energy sector in Russia it's possible
once again thank you for the opportunity
to ask your question
first and foremost I would like to thank
our colleagues for their attention they
pay to the cooperation with Russia and
for the fact that you are working on the
Russian market I would start with your
last point with the last question
digitalization and digital
transformation not only in
petrochemicals not only in energy is one
of the priorities for us and overall we
want to work more actively in this area
we've talked about this at the plenary
session with regards to the AI the
digitalization of economy and this
includes the energy secretary as well we
have a lot of areas we can cooperate in
for example boosting efficiency cutting
expenses and Japan has really been
successful and we're not talking only
about hydrocarbons we talking about
energy consumption energy supply
etcetera etc there are a lot of aspects
to that and you are familiar with them
better than I am our electric energy
companies are trying to come up with
solutions and they are doing that
efficiently the same is true for the
energy production energy transportation
energy delivery but no they are the
processes related to this sector the
fact that she chose Gazprom neft is your
partner I say that's a good choice
because this is a company which is very
much advanced and it uses the most
innovative technologies so now I
understand that with your participation
gas from neft pays a lot of attention to
resolving all those issues and finding
solutions I have recently talked to the
CEO of the company and he just gave me
broad strokes as to what is done in this
area but there are no limits as to
working with other major Russian
companies private companies or
public owned companies with Lukoil for
example with Transneft with private
companies private energy companies
working in Siberia oil production in
Siberia no limits whatsoever electro
Energy's once again very important
hydropower is very important as well no
restrictions no limits whatsoever as for
support measures they are of a general
nature now but we want to develop some
kind of incentives for the development
of digital economy we have a whole set
of incentives and you should study that
and I guess it's going to get improved
as for pharmaceuticals we have our own
programs for the development of the
pharmaceutical industry we know that our
Japanese friends have achieved a lot and
I would like to draw your attention to
the fact that we are participating we
see more and more participation in the
part of foreign partners zero first and
foremost from Europe we have Swiss
companies Italian and German as well we
can only welcome there such things
however the problem with registration of
a drug that takes up to one and a half
years I believe that it exists I think
we have too much red tape in many
spheres we have made good progress in
many regards I mean global issues that
have to do with business governance for
example registration of an enterprise
and getting into the networks however
administrative issues require additional
attention can we fully recognize
certificates on the drugs that have
already been issued by foreign states I
do not know I think we should consider
that we have our own certification
system
it should be just more flexible that is
for sure and I would like to ask the
ministry of health care to pay attention
to that however we have discussed it
multiple times I have heard what my
colleagues have said I would like to
follow up what is happening this fear
now we have a great experience as I have
already said when our partners from
other countries are working quite
successfully in this audience we have
met with the representatives of the
French businesses as one of the positive
examples they were given us joint
production placed in Russia of insulin
and sales in other European countries
and we have many such examples they're
multiplying
now as for working in the Far East when
our colleague was presenting he was
talking about the possibilities of a
free port of Vladivostok this free port
regime with a number of benefits has
been scaled in other ports in the Far
East now this is what we have foreseen
as a part of territories of advance
development I'm sure that colleagues
that work there are aware of what this
phenomena is this is a number of
preferences and benefits I'm talking
about customs benefits taxation vacation
and administrative procedures are eased
as well what I would like to say is that
we're also talking about renewing the
deadlines on many benefits and we didn't
think about that but what we were
thinking is that we should first try to
use to the full extent of what is what
we have in place right now we understand
that we're talking about larger
investments
which should have a longer return period
we're prepared to look at that option as
well
but we need to understand one kind of an
investment we should have what kind of
how large they should be in order to
prolong the benefits that I that we were
talking about we're prepared for such a
discussion Ministry of Economic
Development we see the minister here
while he's listening and we often hold
discussions between ourselves the past
well the seven years that we are talking
about this was a compromise decision
Ministry of Economic Development often
proposes to increase that date and
Ministry of Finance says that we need to
look at how it is going to working in
real life over the seven years period
this is debatable now the next issue has
to do with currency risks and has to do
with payments but we're just talking
today at a meeting with him heads of
largest news agencies those hurdles that
our American colleagues are quite often
provide to us by having payments in
dollars I believe this is a major
mistake by them because right now there
they fail to successfully solve current
economic issues and this undermines
trust in in dollar it is a main reserve
currency and everyone starts to think
how do we avoid this monopoly of a
dollar how do we ensure normal function
of our financial institutions I think
that our American friends should think
about that I know and I'm positive I
also read us analysis and many criticize
such decisions within the US borders
still we need to think on how to work in
such conditions efficiently there is a
the problem of Vienna and ruble
volatility but you know about it we were
discussing it and Madame Lagarde has
also highlighted that today but we can
stay that over the past years Russia has
managed to have a quite a stable
quite stable indicators in macroeconomic
macro economy we have achieved the
historical low on inflation last year it
was about 2.5 percent this year we're
going to achieve as it is reported by
our economic ministry's block it will be
about three cerca three percent central
bank says it will be 2.8 percent I think
that economic block representatives want
to spend more money and considering that
inflation is going to grow a little and
representatives of financial authorities
which have the task to hold the
inflation in place they say that no we
should be very cautious and we can have
an indicator of 2.8% gold and forex
reserves are growing we have low stay
debt about less than 20% we have surplus
of trade balance one hundred and thirty
billion dollars according to last year
5.1 percent of unemployment rate
also we have good indicators on the
growth of investment in main capital GDP
growth student 1 point half 1.5 percent
but investment in main capitals to that
four point four percent and we all
understand what that means that means
that this is the base for future growth
because invest investment in the main
assets this is more than three times
higher than GDP growth so the trend is
very positive ruble is right now a fully
convertible currency now let's paint
rubles
we're only four that we can find a
mechanism with a free conversion in
Vienna or Europe or maybe dollar I'm
positive that we can think of something
but we have to work on that I believe
that together with central bank's with
financial authorities from both sides
where we're going to solve this issue
and to act efficiently I would like to
thank you once again for our joint work
and what I would like to highlight yes
we have issues but please note that we
in Japan have about we have 80 billion
of trade oh I mean I'm eighteen billion
trade and with China we have 86 billion
with Jeremy
we have um I think it's about 58 billion
it is clear that the level that we have
Japan is absolutely out of line with the
potential that we have and the rest of
our partners are working in the same
conditions so with them somehow we have
a different situation we have a very
different level and scale of cooperation
with Japan we can do that for sure
because to a large extent our economies
due to their structure can complement
each other
we know what kind of great interest our
Japanese friends are showing to
our cooperation in energy sector we know
Japanese attitude towards buying gas oil
and oil products we can do it all we can
jointly develop nuclear energy sector we
have discussed it with Prime Minister
you can talk about cables and power
transmissions we can talk about
transport infrastructure so if we have
good will and I see it on both sides and
we're doing to success thank you very
much miss pageant premier minister other
possible Prime Minister please allow for
the Russian businesses to ask their
questions and now first for Sagra mr.
Gaurav mr. president mr. Prime Minister
I represent for soccer company this is a
mineral fertilizer producers we have
third largest country in the world on
doing producing phosphor fertilizer and
I can give you an example a very
successful cooperation between us a
private company and Japanese company
exhibition what kind of trade volume we
have your turnover three point five
dollars the capital of six point six of
six billion and we have we have a
placement on London exchange and Moscow
exchange we provide we produce about
nine billion ton fertilizers and produce
about nine ton of concentrate
high-quality produce every third ton of
fertilizer produced in Russia is a force
our grow production we're working
everywhere we use best technologies to
the full I would like to give you a few
figures forty years ago in the city of
Charak Yvette's the first
Toyota engineering company was built
this company was the beginning of this
chemical complex that right now is the
largest producer for mineral fertilizer
in Europe at this part of the continent
in Cherepovets
will produce about five million tonnes
on different types of high-quality
fertilizers for years ago even before
the eight-point plan that you have
announced it was here in st. Petersburg
at this very forum that we have signed
an agreement with the Mitsubishi Heavy
Industries company on building new
high-tech production of ammonia this is
about 760 tons of it of produce that we
use to produce carbamide and fertilizers
the whole complex that we have built
capital investments stood at 65 billion
rubles which is more than 1 billion
dollars as for ammonia production it is
about 500 million dollars that were
spent on a brand new complex this is the
largest one in Europe it has been
working since last summer
we're big we became the first company in
Russia that was financed by Jay Beck
neither is Burbank but directly by Jay
Beck and would like to express gratitude
to this institution that we have very
high quality useful relations as a
practitioner I can say that this project
is taken up for years we have launched
it and we're using ammonia and supplying
fertilizers that every corner of the
world I would like to use this
opportunity and to invite you mr.
president to the to our facility in
Cherepovets and you Prime Minister as
well to look to get a first-hand
impression on how the most modern
facility in Europe is working I would
like to use this opportunity and to ask
Prime Minister other
about the next development of business
relations with Russian private and
public companies what do you think mr.
prime minister that experience of many
years of cooperation between Russia and
Japan as I mentioned 40 years for 40
years Russian engineering manie's
engineering companies have been working
in Russia how are you going to support
these aspirations this these eight
points that you have proposed two years
ago is this going to be a new mechanism
a new project because this is the
question I would also like to ask you
and ask of you because we have already
had experience in working together and
it seems that we need more of such
institutions is jaebaek for example this
is more of a project financed this is a
very correct mechanism of developing
large industrial projects here in Russia
I believe that we need more flexible use
of such institution has take direct
investment fund that we have signed an
agreement today or other development
banks for example is there a sum of
money or in any kind of a figure and is
there a political and economic
commitment to developing our relations
further thank you
yeah possible and now I would like to
ask mr. Tran Sanka who is the chairman
of the board of I own company I speak a
little Japanese so I start with Japanese
and I was very interested in if you see
a stick about mr. Abbas plan on giving a
new start to the Russia Japanese
economic relationships our company is
presented in two sectors transport and
gas chemist chemicals we found ourselves
make use of the point six point seven
about the asia-pacific region in the
construction of the transport
infrastructure there we found the
partner the more opening company we are
grateful to them and we are satisfied
with the dynamics of our partnership
currently we're considering the
opportunity of having a joint Russia and
Japanese investment fund created by the
Russian direct investment fund and Jay
Beck and this first earmarked sum of 1
billion dollars is not enough
considering the great interest that is
being paid by Russian companies to this
project and I would like you to consider
the opportunity to increase the money
allocated the sum of money allocated
because we see that we have more demands
than opportunities nowadays and I have a
question to mr. prime minister you see
the situation as Japanese companies see
it and what advice can you give to
Russian and Japanese companies with
regards to successful implementation of
major investment projects because we see
that despite the great potential
the numbers themselves are not very high
when it comes to trade turnover last
year South Korea was ahead of Japan with
regards to the volume of foreign direct
investment and Japan is not the leader
in foreign direct investment and what
measures can the companies undertake to
accelerate this process and in
conclusion the last question of the
director-general of Solars fatima shuts
off mr. president mr. prime minister
Soler's company together with the master
company in Vladivostok is implementing a
project on car production and I am happy
to announce that we are building an
engine plant and we are going to launch
it at the Eastern Economic Forum in
autumn and all the master engines are
going to be supplied to Hiroshima in
Japan and master is then going to export
this products all over the globe and
this is the great first example of
having an export oriented joint
production and Mazda put its faith in us
and decided to integrate with Russian
company to create a global product and
we're now considering issues that we
might face in the future in a 20 to 20
20 we decided to export cars to third
countries as you are very much aware the
Asian market is very attractive and the
Far East is very close to those markets
so we want to the end product and the
technological products to be exported
abroad and by using this opportunity mr.
president mr. prime minister
I invite you if you have a chance at the
Eastern Economic Forum to join our feast
and celebration and to open this engine
production plant I guess this is a very
important project very interesting one
and technological products are also very
in
and expert items mr. abhart talked about
a positive example Toyota company helped
us and our plant in Indiana this is
indeed our plant because we've managed
to improve the quality of our product so
I would like to thank you mr. album as
you are very much aware Kaizen is a well
acknowledged production instrument this
is the number one in the world today and
you see that the digital industry is
developing in Russia very rapidly when
it comes to digital programming for
example we have good examples when it
comes to digital programs and now we
have this joint group where we want to
have a digital cousin so we want to
transform your technologies into a
digital platform you see that our
technologies are quite successful
globally so we want to come up with such
a project do you think it is interesting
for you do you want to support it
because the digital guides on would be
very interesting for and the third
countries and if we do that we'll have a
great example of intellectual expert
thank you very much Minister mr. prime
minister could you answer the questions
thank you very much for the free
questions asked I would like to ask
Prime Minister Abbott to answer those
questions thank you very much
between our countries we have see
business develop and business unions
have been struck to develop it further I
would like to thank all those involved
there we do not have a peace treaty in
place between our countries we are
working on the Intergovernmental levels
on the part of the government we are
trying to revitalize business
connections a lot of work has been done
before that is why last year with
President Putin in we had talks in
Nagato in order to make a u-turn in our
cooperation area we do not want to say
that we do not have a peace treaty and
that's why we should stop working
together that we have restrictions we
are not going to talk about that we are
expanding our opportunities when we were
trying to erase those borders we started
to understand that our prospects are
expanding so we need to look at
particular countries and to develop
together this is how we can create trust
which might be the groundwork for
signing of a peace treaty and the
government will help to develop business
relationships between our countries and
a proper tool for that is to implement
the eight points that is why we need to
invest successfully beyond the borders
of our come country and to do that we
need to rely on the proper investment
climate
so naturally Japan has a lot of no house
including chitin and the Japanese
government supports the activities of
Japanese business the stable legal
system is very important in September of
last year
we made amendments to the treaty which
was signed back in the USSR days about
the avoidance of double tax duties and I
guess that Russia should to do the same
financial sector is very important as
well to implement the eight points of
cooperation plan in September of last
year
jaebaek together with the Russian direct
investment fund have created a joint
investment structure with 1 billion
dollars as their budget and they have
already invested in 3 projects we are
adopting new measures to cooperate in
the Far East in February of this year
j-league together with their agency on
investments and import import
development and other organizations have
created a joint venture in order to
develop and draft new projects this
company will provide support for
Japanese companies in their investments
in the markets in an innovative market
in order to tap into the hidden
potential of the Far East we want to
organize the joint public-private
missions in future in promising areas
such as agriculture forestry and
Fisheries the Japanese Center is
providing support to Japanese companies
by conducting business matching
it is very important to have this mutual
trust I've heard that if you lose
somebody's trust you cannot recover it I
guess we have the same saying in Japan
and you have the same thing in Russia
and in order to have business in Russia
we are working with the legal and the
financial systems I've heard that the
business climate in Russia has been
developing dynamically at the same time
the Japanese business still expresses a
concern about the need to improve this
licensing situation and to accelerate
this procedure as well as maybe amending
certain laws and regulations and we hope
that Russia would respond to this
suggestion so as for the Russia Japanese
relationships to yield some fruit some
praying some things about results our
joint efforts are supported by Japanese
industry this know-how will be very
useful for the Russian economy as well
and for that and we'd like to accelerate
the cooperation between our countries in
accordance with the plan of action that
we have technologists keep developing
every day so we need to consider for
massive cooperation which would be in
line with those changes for example the
AI and Internet of Things which connect
people to things and create new
competition in a new society in the
society 5-0
and people have different skills and
different expertise and the snake can
create different innovations we would
really want to see then that when we
have major changes in the global level
we need to adapt in Japan we have new
forms which connect various things to
various social solutions such as for
example the interconnectivity in
industry and an Minister sector is
carrying out this work I hope that we
will deepen cooperation between the
governmental bodies companies in
accordance with the plan of action on
cooperation in digital economy which was
developed for Russia and Japan this plan
contains eight points and I suggested to
President Putin Putin this is a sketch
and in accordance with this principles
the Russian and Japanese businesses will
develop over the last two years the
support for the SMEs in boosting
efficiency in the development of the
middle in the Far East
we see competition a stable competition
we are also working on digital economy
and trying to improve business climate
thus we have hopes to further develop
the economic relationships between
Russia and Japan and now I have already
already moved to the Kaizen question and
you talked about the digital kites and I
think it's a very interesting idea and
if we can export software if we can
sport software that it would be a one
avoiding we hope that we can use our
community technologies and guides and
for the digital area
and we want to work together Russia and
Japan two years ago me and President
Putin have decided that Economic
Cooperation should be expanded for the
hundreds it's done yet to dismiss in our
decision
our intent is I think that this intent
is opening new horizons well would he
see fruit over the past two years we're
moving slow because we have to make some
efforts and further we're going to work
faster I hope that we can open new
horizons in our cooperation spheres and
for that we do everything in our power
including creation of legal systems we
will continue to work and I would really
like for Japan and Russia to develop
each other to build better society thank
you very much I saw on Detra have a
solid ice thank you very much prime
minister alban and i would like to say
that today's dialogue has taken place
between Russian and Japanese sides have
learned the opinions about promising
spheres and the challenges that we face
upcoming solutions Russia and Japan has
great potential to develop their
cooperation and to tap into that
potential we need to join our forces the
government and the private companies
I would like to thank all participants
of the roundtable for taking part in
such a lengthy event and I would like to
ask my comedy writer mr. epic to finish
today's session Prime Minister urban
President Putin I would like to thank
you this has been a long way a long path
to the dialogue with your participation
and our colleagues from both sides have
nothing else but to show you the results
the new and facilities in new plants to
the benefit of our countries of our
nation's Russian Federation and Japan
thank you very much Kaiba arigato
