we are here at one of the world's most
famous stadiums and fields where I used
to play for Liverpool many years ago
ahead of the Champions League final in
the coming days we'll be bringing you
that fantastic episode next week but
first this week it's Colombia we chatted
to the legends one Pablo angle and Rene
Higuita
about Colombia's chances for the World
Cup enjoy the episode
this week the Stan Collymore Show comes
to another one of the 32 nations to
qualify for the FIFA World Cup in Russia
welcome to Colombia I'm delighted to be
joined by a man that I wanted to catch
up with in America in Colombia in
Birmingham and a hero of mine because
I'm an Aston Villa fan and although I
played for the club I love the players
that that played for my great club so
I'm delighted Juan Pablo and Gayle joins
us Colombia in Russia this will only be
the seventh and I was surprised at that
for some reason I expected Colombia to
be there more why do you think that they
haven't consistently qualified for World
Cups I think it's a number of things
it's then one has to do with obviously
the project behind every team or every
qualification team that has played for
Colombia and then is the level of
competition in the American qualifiers
you normally get Argentina Brazil and
you take those two place it for granny
and then you have another 2 and a half
spots to fight for it and here without
Colombia competing with those spots I
mean he changed too throughout the years
he used to be with the golden generation
he used to be Chile Ecuador and now they
walk him back again and it just changed
you know what I mean but this I think
for my point to be the American
qualifiers are the hardest ones do you
think we'll get to a stage like in
Europe where you have groups of four
even if there were two groups of five
all the four groups of three whatever
you would it would it would more reflect
the quality across the continent of
South America I think it's hard just
to make it that way to change it that
way and the reason being is because it
has always been just the same and the
only way that you can make it happen
that way should be free include CONCACAF
and let's say not America on it and you
just play only one continent playing the
whole qualifications and you have
another three or four groups
tell us how passionate Colombians are
about football I mean the biggest point
in the country is football and and the
lake has changed dramatically over the
last let's say ten years it was a league
that was own imagery for people from the
cartel and now there's a lot of
companies owning teams and the the
structure of the league has changed it
is not what it should be for the amount
of talent that we got in terms of the
entertainment side of the lake I think
is there's a lot of teal is still to
develop and but there's for my point of
view there's only three big themes in
here there are scenarios America and
national in the last six seven years
it's been absolutely tremendous what has
happened to the club is trend has
transformed and the recognition
throughout the world for what we have
known in here is tremendous
do you think that the structure is in
place now in Colombia to provide the
quality of facilities of training and
coaching for undoubtably a quality
football nation to be consistently at a
top level I mean the academies in in
America are 100% and the most important
thing that we've got because in South
America we have to sell players to
survive so we depend on those youngsters
and but then obviously every club hub
has a different infrastructure and
different philosophy and trying to
basically develop these kids do they get
sold to young I think so but that is
also the necessity that the clubs have
explain to us those incredible times of
player plays like Tino Esprit that I
played against in the Premier League
Fredi rink on Rene Higuita
and his Escobar's why were those three
cups World Cups in the 90s such a
special group
a thing is there's a lot of things first
of all and most importantly there was a
lot of talent within those flavors when
you name a few no Asprilla for me or it
would be probably the best place that we
with that drink on Valderrama dig it
Andres Escobar a lot of talented players
but then there was also a coincidence
with this national team of this group of
players the majority of that group used
to play for Nacional the coach was from
nos or not they used to train every day
together they used to or they knew each
other better than anybody and and the
coach is to basically with them every
day so I think that play a part without
taking anything away from them I mean
the circumstances were different you
know I mean that there is - now you get
a group of people all players that you
basically get them together for two days
or three days before the game Colombia
recently played in London of course in
Craven Cottage and none of none of those
players from back on the night if you're
back on the older generation they used
to play Europe so does that make it much
more difficult now for Colombia in years
to come to win a World Cup I just think
that the players are they adjust to the
circumstances and because one of the
things that pack your mind has Beckerman
has done is basically having this group
of players that they really or
understand each other they a lot of them
play together within the lower divisions
when the younger national teams groups
and and now obviously this group this
generation has changed the way people
look at the Colombia game then there
were three World Cups which of course
Colombia didn't qualify 2002 2006 in
Germany in 2010
if Colombia won at those three World
Cups it makes it much more difficult for
those young kids to say I want to aspire
to do this on the world stage
I mean there was a combination of a lot
of things for my point of view nothing
that I don't think that the team was as
good as it should have been and then
there was a lot of changes in fact in
the Federation they were changing
coaches in between or in the middle of
the qualifications so there was a lot of
mistakes and all the mistakes that we
made in those three qualification or
neutral on those three World Cups and
they basically create a much stronger
Federation they understood what
to do in order for us to go back to the
national team and one of the important
things that they realized was the
importance of having Columbia plane and
work up
this is Andres Escobar he played for the
Colombian national team in the 1994
World Cup in the United States he scored
an own goal he came back to Colombia and
he lost his life for it we're gonna be
chatting to his sister Maria Esther
I'm delighted to be joined by Mary rest
there on the show thank you very much
for joining me I would like you to tell
our audience about your brother's love
of football definitely I mean Terrell
okay my lifestyle
IRA's vida es siempre feliz kombucha
legria and i'm nombre muy Alegre he may
be a paratrooper a para el morya
sacrificio hey let's concentrate Sione's
plus bi haze ellos have your own inside
of puertos na na na hey ladies Mustafa
totally boost our to M le Ramona Ramona
told football era super co-localize
kitty how proud was undress to represent
Colombia represent AMA mucho para
Colombia ail a Lincoln tower y la
camiseta Colombia para el era su mejor
oh no tener camiseta puesta la respite
Avila kiria
sabia que con ESO la alegría la gente
que la gente vivia por ESO y y para
bellum Bustos arena catch a football
para el era todo a Pokhara saloon
tell me about Andres nickname el
Caballero the gentleman in in English
everybody in football said he was a very
gentleman he was very respectful that
must have made you very proud when okay
so I see you muy importante porque ellos
legado say el es como el ejemplo a sagir
para la who and to para los muchachos
para para los jugadores para que service
patenella can check for la concha
peritoneal ambulance headed system
muchas veces interesting chance entonces
es un symbol o para que second survey si
zone en el and football pero simple
assume you lenses let's
go to the tournament the 1994 World Cup
the United States against Colombia and
andreas scored an own goal when that
happened on the pitch what did you feel
what were your immediate thoughts well
for a moment of more to do with the
feeling por que realmente nunca había
pasado la primera vez Kendra's tenía una
FATA sa kiyokawa que la pelota NOLA pro
controller and field tantas cosas
entonces estamos en la true una Y tengo
me presentes a momento por que sin t el
dolor que el esta vez entiendo porque yo
sabe ellos lo duro para para el hielo
tryst there's a moment
how did Andrus feel after the match esa
noche famous hollow Tellez a lugar lo lo
hemos three ste ste may marry ho not the
end up or came a pass for me porque me
tenía que pasar a me
pero mm Oh certainly a mooch off a Mucha
confianza Maria bueno was so mementos
and Aurora's kept a sample and finales
from quick did you ever feel could you
ever imagine that because of something
on a football pitch that somebody would
be so cruel as to want to take somebody
else's life
no no Hamas Hamas a por que realmente
por eso no pueden metaluna person and in
London even apart el mundo que pasar a
so we pass when Columbia pedo see
improvements Hamas que nunca will be
opposite a similar area pass RSO Hamas I
know some a possible I mean director
how happy are you that Andres Escobar's
legacy is still very strong in Colombia
yesterday we were in Midian walking
around to drink and food and there was a
man and he drew a picture of and raised
on the street and I asked him why did he
draw and raised and he said he's a
legend he's a gentleman and we will
never forget him how happy does that
make you feel
mucho mucho it's not huge on my grand a
Sailor man alien race say gracias por el
ateneo veintisiete años SE que lui
report a near muchos anos massive you
tireless mucho mas que no era pasado
progeria pero lo al very a 10-year
hermano evil very every race has been
tc8 años con el evolve era pasar por el
de los quanta lady near los años que lo
tool Maria is there it leaves me to say
thank you so much for inviting me to
your beautiful home and talking with
insight and passion about your brother
thank you very much for joining me
so what better way than to spend
Saturday evening to watch Columbia's
best football club we're gonna watch a
political national ad delighted to have
you on the stand colleague will show a
very noisy Atletico Nacional stadium to
ask you about the 1990 World Cup how
excited we to play for the Colombian
national team in Italy when you see a
jugar una Copa del mundo es el toque del
who adore AJ gar Allah Masha Allah Masha
Allah gree is provocative come be
finished third in the group and play
Cameroon in the second game what are
your memories of that match when you see
em play in football come when la vida
loca viene a la mejor siempre que
pegaron tribute oh yeah me me tocopherol
tribute oh take you Academy they're
always play Diego el premio case can be
a lot norma de la fifa here decirle a
los Arcaro scaler carro para jugar
también con las diez huntys describe
your playing style no nasty no completo
estilo de CI user Aliquippa siempre
salir con el que era el peligro y por lo
que nosotros ahmo's case and below will
the world's first sweeper kippa yo creo
que al menos ASIMO's cambiar el estilo
juego pond empezamos
jugar es como un sistema de cosas jugar
con cinco defenses e nosotros Avila Mo's
libero he antes among garkon cuatro p IE
o en de agua con con tres
this code three international goals
which was your favorite when I mark a
battle call espero me for it oh my god
Kelly is a river in una Copa
Libertadores England vs Colombia at
Wembley my home stadium the scorpion
Kick did you ever practice this LS
conquer says oh I do Nepali cidade luego
CC yo practic ando say davinia en dos
anos hacer la y despues pasaron cinco an
associate a an eau de trabajo para ser
una Sola who gada muchísimo gracias do
lo bendiga a Ferraro Valvo
muchachos muy mas que para a burrito
gracias
what can you say they don't call him el
loco for no reason today
shorty seem to be I've ever had you one
of the players that went from Colombia
to Argentina to England in the United
States how important was it for you to
get out there and playing different
countries and and be exposed to
different footballing cultures how much
did it help your football education
dramatic dramatically sorry I really
learned how to be a basic good
professional a good footballer in
Argentina and then obviously when I went
to Europe I just have to basically did
the things that I needed to do in in in
circumstances that were also very
difficult for us because at that time
when I joined Aston Villa the club
weren't prepared for players from these
latitudes you know what I mean the
majority of players that were playing in
foreign players that were playing in
England were from Scandinavia okay so
the club wasn't ready to have face of
Americans so what was your learning
curve in England there was a lot of
things I have a personal issue that
basically took a pour in three days
after a journey club mind my wife become
very very ill and she almost died when I
was there so that was probably the
biggest point but then in terms all of
that the club wasn't ready for us the
level of the league and the level of the
club I was coming from nationale go is
to win every tournament here then I went
to River play and we were winning and
then I went to Aston Villa at that time
even in right now you know when you go I
remember when I made my debut we went to
play to this beautiful they're
successful my United team and the
formation was about this a lot on plant
I mean that chemists calls all of them
and when you look name by name you know
it's a massive difference then it was
much more physical quicker I I got there
in January which you know is probably
the toughest part of the league and I
wasn't ready for that
exactly so there was a lot of things
that I couldn't I didn't even know the
language I couldn't speak a word and so
all of that you know when you put that
together is
actually hearted and then six months
after I mean I kind of started a job
adjust to life and I ended up loving
every bit of my time in there tell us
the strengths of this Colombian squad
first of all them there's a good amount
of this group of players that they're
already playing in work on and that I
that I think in itself is a big
advantage
they're already been there they have the
experience of being in a World Cup they
know the spectators of the country right
now are higher than they were before and
then obviously the inclusion of FatCow I
think is going to be a big plasma
because of what he represents for these
group of players and then there's a lot
of young players and they're being
together for a number of years and
there's gonna be probably a couple of
guys that are gonna join this group
because of the level that they're
playing right now and one of them might
be scared though that you have any
bragging and he's playing at a regular
level and I think he's probably is gonna
be part of this national team but in
general think they they the structure of
the group and and being together for
that long they measure of this player I
think that's the biggest trend that they
got what's the summative of Colombia's
ambitions at this World Cup in your
opinion I mean at least to do what with
a thin Brazil and get past the first
group and then would see what happened
and take it from there I think you know
what happened in those previous friendly
games I think has given given us a lot
of faith that the team is playing
particularly against a good side like
France the way they play and the way
they basically perform as a team I think
is giving us hope that we might have a
chance to do something similar that what
we did in Brazil who do you think are
are your favourites to win the FIFA
World Cup in Russia this year Brazil
why and the reason why I ask why is
because there's a lot of people saying
Brazil but of course this time four
years ago they were getting beat seven
one by the Germans and the Germans
always get to a final or a semi fun so
what's changed your view about Brazil
what Brazil done better this year I
think the coach s basically have done
has done a tremendous job and
understanding culturally what they are
the way they have to express the game in
order for them to perform well one pablo
girl leads me to say 'yes thank you so
much for for joining us it's great to
see you here in your um city of Medellin
and I know that on behalf of many Aston
Villa fans we'd like to say to you the
villa thank you my man Thank You Fred to
see my regards to every bill of fan up
there in England this week we continue
our look at the group stage of the World
Cup in Russia as their attention shifts
to Group F and reigning world champions
Germany demands Shafter joined by fellow
European side Sweden with Mexico and
South Korea adding competition and
flavor to a very interesting group
indeed this summer you can loves men
will attempt to win back-to-back titles
as their star-studded team includes a
small magician measured özil and Bayern
Munich's informed dynamo Joshua Kimmy
Germany were highly convincing during
qualifying winning all ten of their
World Cup UEFA games and scoring a total
of 43 goals Sweden will also battle at
the summit of Group F there's a slim
chance Swedish legends Latin Ibrahimovic
could return to international duty after
his new to LA Galaxy but we just gonna
have to wait and see
Mexico captain Andres globe dad though
and his team are currently ranked 15th
in the world they could strike if Sweden
slip-up as they attempt to grab a
knockout berth South Korea with a 2002
World Cup hosts along with Japan and
they will attempt to recreate their
dream of reaching the latter stages just
as they did 16 years ago leading the
line for South Korea will be human so on
who could emerge as a surprise star of
the tournament after an excellent season
at Tottenham Hotspur
next week our walk-up focus continues as
we look at Group G which features the
Belgian Red Devils and my home nation
England come on
Oh
