our military which is by far the most
powerful anywhere in the world
powerful anywhere in the world is ready
if necessary and has been greatly
enhanced recently as you all know as you
all know ready we are more ready than we
have ever been before
our military as you know has been
greatly enhanced greatly enhanced will
soon be at a level that it's never been
before never been before
powerful anywhere in the world a lot of
things can happen just as the world was
building up to a historic meeting
between North Korea and the US America
pulls out of the historic summit so what
happened well Kim jong-un released three
American prisoners and he destroyed a
nuclear test site but in Trump's of you
he's still too hostile sadly based on
the tremendous anger an open hostility
displayed in your most recent statement
I feel it is inappropriate at this time
to have this long planned meeting that's
in response to Pyongyang referring to
the vice president of the United States
as a political dummy that was after Mike
Pence said that a possible Libya
situation might be the response if North
Korea and the US can't make a deal
diplomatic threats are a subtle art and
this one comes courtesy of the Trump
administration this will only end like
the Libyan model ended if Kim jong-un
doesn't make a deal I think that's what
denuclearization means and we have very
much in mind the Libya model now that
model would take place if we don't make
a deal
most likely dropping out of a historic
meeting is a pretty regretful decision
but it's also an opportunity to flaunt
your nuclear powers apparently you talk
about your nuclear capabilities but ours
are so massive and powerful that I pray
to God they will never have to be used
as shocking as Trump's decision might be
what was Washington's plan all along was
this perhaps all just a big bluff they
certainly got off on the right foot with
North Korea North Korea has announced
they would dismantle nuclear test site
this month ahead of the big summit
meeting on June the 12th thank you a
very smart and gracious gesture and then
when your rival least expects it you
strike them down very Hollywood
we would be honored if you would join us
but you should have listened to your
father so it looks like Trump got what
he wanted and then at the last minute he
landed a sucker punch it's what they
call the old bait-and-switch in the
business world it's pretty clear that
they're most of the people around
President Trump did not want this summit
to take place and they are horrified at
the thought that Trump would sit across
the table I - I from Kim jong-un and
agree to something that they may not
have approved of so I think there's a
lot of relief in Washington that this
has collapsed they want a Libyan
solution to North Korean where Libya
gives up North Korea
gives up his weapons but then is
vulnerable to regime change and I think
that is the underlying reality on the
American side that led to the collapse
of this talk after Trump canceled the
highly anticipated meeting a coin that
was specially minted for the summit
dropped in price you can now even get a
refund we asked people in New York for
their thoughts on Trump pulling out of
the meeting I'm not happy if we said
we're gonna have a meeting we should
have the meeting I'm surprised it was
him who did it I was expecting North
Korea to cancel it I don't think
anything would have happened I would
prefer have seen a better preparation
for the meeting and there wasn't that
kind of preparation and they were really
going for the endpoint you need a lot
more diplomacy before you do that I
think it's a very sad thing
I think dialogues good they need to talk
you
