Scott Kelly he's one of the few men
whose name rings beyond our planet the
UN champion for space the man who has
enlightened thousands and through his
fascinating experiments his charisma his
achievements helped keep humanity's
passion with space alive so imagine his
surprise when he quotes Winston
Churchill about the need to be kind
forgiving when you win and is virtually
stampeded with objection and criticism
Churchill forgot to reflect on his
decision to ignore India's plight in
fighting the famine during his
administration caused millions of
Indians to die on the street while
stealing their greens and supplied it to
British armies he was a mass murderer
check out the records on the Bengal
famine of India where his policies and
decisions led to the death of millions
due to starvation and disease Churchill
was a mass murderer and a racist scott
scott kelly apologized and promised to
do better did not mean to offend by
quoting churchill my apologies I will go
and educate myself further on his
atrocities and racist views which I did
not support my point was we need to come
together as one nation you'd think that
would have ended it but no what a time
we live in now it was the British press
the British people who were upset angry
enraged
how dare he apologize for quoting one of
the greatest Brits to have ever lived
strange days make no mistake Winston
Churchill who saved his nation his
people from the depredations of Hitler
is now too controversial to quote today
is Victory in Europe day tomorrow will
also be Victory in Europe day but what
if Scott Kelly himself he is entertained
and educated so many what he has done
ought to make him a hero please Jim I'm
awfully excited because my next guest is
rocket man scott kelly captains
Kelly today I want to demonstrate what
happens when you cry in space how much
will learn on what he has done in space
it's terrific where does all of this
leave Scott Kelly he posted his tweet
and a singularly divisive anniversary
for America its discovery called
Columbus Day by some indigenous peoples
day by others where Barack Obama spoke
of the natives plight Trump's been
silent on it
in these times there are any angels left
was Mother Teresa st. for selfless
charity or an abomination for her views
on abortion was JFK an icon of American
presidency or an immoral womanizer worse
than Trump or is it something else we
have created an atmosphere where
discussion is impossible where every
debate is so heated so emotional so
hateful that no one can agree that says
a lot more about us in the present and
it does about them in the past
you
