German anti-fascist groups have issued a
guidebook for potential rioters that
they want to encourage people to disrupt
a gathering of the right-wing
alternative for Germany party in Bavaria
next month Arty's Peter Oliver takes a
look alternative for Germany will be
holding their party conference in the
beautiful Bavarian city of Augsburg this
summer
however anti-fascist groups are
determined to disrupt it going as far as
to publish a tour guide for those
wishing to turn up and demonstrate that
contains more than a few tips on how to
start a riot
we suggest tracking and exploiting the
AF DS weak points across Germany so that
we can guarantee the necessary space for
protests in Augsburg it's a very
detailed guide it includes maps of where
AF day members will be staying the
routes that they'll be taking in the
best places to disrupt the event from
and there's also a section that includes
rioting life hacks everything the first
time rioter will need like how to block
roads how to prepare paint to be hurled
correctly but there's also some more
unsavory instructions as well the best
ways to burn tires to smash shop windows
or to burn cars all without leaving any
evidence that you were there or for that
matter being able to be identified on
security footage
we wish you a lot of fun trying out our
instructions we showed the so called
riot guide to a FD spokesperson Ronald
Glaser and asked him just how worrying
it is to his members the message is
clear we know where you're living
we're going to come for you this is
some a kind of disgusting kind of
intimidation but he will not keep it do
you know of anybody in the party that's
considering any extra security measures
well extra security measures can be
helpful but we did not have any party
gathering any big pot attack without a
lot of security around police and
private security organizations so it
won't be different this time
we also spoke to the left party and
asked whether they endorsed this guide
or if they thought the far-left group
anti far had gone too far this time it's
left party we are in the traditional
fuel for healthy life which say never
again fascism and never again war and
the AFD is a clearly anti-humanist party
some of the functionaries bring forward
racist statements bring forward racist
ideology or even work together with an F
context to militaristic fascist groups
so be all all the humanist forces and
actors in society have to stand together
and have to do resistance against the
politics of the a police in Augsburg are
preparing for what's being described as
an unprecedented operation some 2,000
officers will be drafted in including
reinforcements from nearby areas and
they may well be needed fighting between
anti-fur demonstrators in police has
turned nasty in the past as I found out
firsthand during the anti g20 riots in
Hamburg last summer
we're actually right between the police
and the demonstrators right now so we're
going to try and get out of the way
the police in Hamburg were also warned
ahead of time that something big was
being planned there and with just over a
month to go before the AFD conference on
the 30th of June eyes are on albergue to
see if they can stop a similar situation
unfolding there Peter Oliver RT Berlin
you
