Yuliya script I was given her first
media interview since she was poisoned
along with her father the former Russian
double agent Sergey scruple they were
found unconscious to remind you on that
park bench in English city of Salisbury
back on March the fourth live to London
I caused by anastasiya check and I
listened in this news just literally at
the past half hour
now stir what's newly ass crippled had
to say more fully in that interview than
welcome and this is definitely quite a
development since this became the first
media appearance that Yulia scruple has
made ever since that poisoning took
place on March 4th when this whole saga
unraveled created creating a massive
route between the UK and Russia and of
course this was the first time we're
seeing a video of hylia scrapple up
until now the most widely circulated
image of her and her father was one of
them sitting at a restaurant together
but there were lots of questions
including by the Russian ambassador here
in London asking why we're not seeing
actual current images or appearances of
both Yulia and Sergey scrapple who's
also now been discharged from hospital
now in this particular media appearance
she does give a statement to Reuters
news agency at an undisclosed location
in London so her whereabouts are being
kept under wraps and she appears to make
a quite brief statement in Russian which
then she provides in written form in
both Russian and English to Reuters and
in the statement among other things she
says that she is going to eventually be
returning to her homeland of Russia but
not quite yet let's take a listen to
exactly what Yulia had been saying while
I was reasonably bit as I tried to come
to terms with the devastating changes
thrust upon me both physically and
emotionally
I take one day at a time and want to
help care for my dad to his full
recovery in the longer term I hope to
return home to my country well Yulia
scruple importantly had also said that
her recovery had been slow and extremely
painful and that she for now will not be
turning to the services of the Russian
embassy again as a reminder this has
been something that Rush
authorities had offered over and over
again to the scruples any kind of
cooperation or being able to get access
to them which according to Russia they
should have been able to do given the
conventions that exist on matters on
this issue but there's not much else
that she did say she only made that very
brief statement and then did not answer
any questions on camera and again her
father Sergei scrapple is also currently
out of the hospital so now the next step
we should be expecting is some kind of
statements or information or appearance
that he could possibly be making next
you
