you can see why Trump wanted a new
Middle East strategy the old one wasn't
working allies unhappy people aren't
waving American flags forecasts failed
remember for instance when they proclaim
that Syria would be Russia's end a new
Afghanistan Russia will continue to send
troops home in body bags these are hard
lessons that the Soviet Union had to
learn in Afghanistan you know what to
dig back into ancient history and to see
how this is gonna play out for the
Russians turned out it wasn't it was
killing jihadists and terrorists Isis al
Qaeda and all flavors thereof point in
case take this poll every year it asks
Arab youths who their biggest allies are
in 2015 America was voted second
friendliest country by Arab youth now
its 11th Russia is 4th despite two
perhaps because of its intervention in
Syria but that's youth what about the
older folks turkeys and Ally obviously a
strong partner certainly with respect to
ISIL and a friend a NATO ally and a
friend of the United States and a very
turbulent part of the world America I
told you many times you are either with
us or all of these terrorist
organizations a disaster the United
States is barely on speaking terms with
a NATO ally Turkey they're withholding
weapons they're arming Syrian Kurds the
YPG who a Turkey's sworn enemies this
friendship is dying and Turkey thinks it
can unite and lead the Muslim world
especially after Trump's stunt with
moving his embassy to Jerusalem that
rubbed almost everyone the wrong way
condemned the US decision on Jerusalem
because of its great bias against the
historical and permanent rights of the
Palestinian people
CRC returned the United States decision
to
recognize Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel is a dangerous one it will
threaten security and stability and
frustrates efforts to resume the peace
process with Trump bleeding allies
Moscow is making inroads with Ankara now
turkey Russia and Iran gather regularly
on Syria and Trump isn't being invited
but hey at least friends still buy
American guns right
we signed historic agreements with the
kingdom this landmark agreement includes
the announcement of a 110 billion dollar
sorry funded defense purchase and we
will be sure to help our sorry friends
to get a good deal from our great
American defense companies that was
Trump boasting before Saudi Arabia Saudi
Arabia America's chief ally in the
Middle East declared that it is buying
Russian s400 missiles which Turkey is
also doing that's a new low for US
policy and things aren't looking up you
can bet there are no one filled Russian
ambassador ships and countries that
matter to Moscow as there are today
almost unbelievably vacant American
posts in Egypt Jordan Libya Qatar Saudi
Arabia Syria Turkey and of course Iran
where we have no embassy America's
policy has been simple divide red vs.
blue Shia versus Sunni friends vs.
enemies problem is the world isn't black
and white there are greys greens Browns
and purples which Washington needs to
recognize too talking here about states
or a region that has been heavily
dependent on the United States in pretty
much everything defense economy cars
technology everything
and now people are thinking you know
this is not reliable anymore this is not
an ally anymore this is becoming more of
an adversary definitely the shift or the
huge shift in rhetoric between the Obama
administration and the Trump
administration has played a role to
agitate people what we need to
understand that deep down in the policy
there hasn't been much change
you
