murica is ambassador to israel has come
in for criticism after he was seen
posing with a rather controversial gift
David Friedman was presented with a
photograph of one of the most sacred
places in Jerusalem but the image had
been altered to show the Jewish third
temple on the site where the Islamic
al-aqsa mosque and the Dome of the rock
are currently situated the Third Temple
is a biblical reference to a new place
of worship to replace an ancient one
which was destroyed the US Embassy's
asked for an apology seeing the envoi
was unaware that he was being given a
doctored picture the region is still
reeling from deadly protests against the
relocation of the embassy to Jerusalem
here's our Mid East correspondent Paula
Slayer the photograph immediately
sparked fierce criticism from the Muslim
world sob Erica who is the
secretary-general of the Palestine
Liberation Organization the PLO says
that Friedman expressed to quote rude
and hypocritical behavior you then have
armor tibi who is an arab-israeli
lawmaker and comes from the Israeli Arab
dominated political alliance called the
joint list and he has responded to the
photographs by saying that this madman
wants to bring peace a good thing you
didn't put the embassy there at the same
time we're hearing that the American
ambassador has apologized Friedman was
not aware of the image thrust in front
of him when the photo was taken he was
deeply disappointed that anyone would
take advantage of his visit to create
controversy the US policy is absolutely
clear we support the status quo on the
haram al-sharif/temple mount now I here
which is the organization from which the
man who gave that present came from has
expressed its own concerns about the
incident it says that the man who
presented the picture actually acted on
his own behalf but the problem is that
the American ambassador already has a
record of controversy even before this
event he is a supporter of Israeli
settlements in Palestinian territory and
in the past he's also called on the US
State Department to stop calling the
West Bank Israeli occupied territory and
this incident comes at a very
unfortunate time
it follows the inauguration of the new
US Embassy in Jerusalem from its
original base in tel-aviv
and as you will know that sparked a
barrage of both international and
regional criticism
you
