Facebook bosses again found himself
hauled before lawmakers to apologize for
the exploitation of 87 million users
data this time it was European MPs
questioning him about the social
networks protection standards and its
handling of the situation when it was
alleged that Cambridge analytic who had
exploited accounts for years to
influence users opinion
well Zuckerberg said Facebook is taking
steps to prevent similar incidents in
the future but some lawmakers still
weren't happy with that perhaps it's
because someone spent twice as much time
asking their questions than Zuckerberg
spent answering them who decides what is
acceptable
why is there no transparency in this
process at all which specific measures
with that will be taken by Facebook to
ensure that a scandal like this one
would not occur again whether the
question of protection of privacy in the
rules on Facebook apps which you were
asked in Congress is actually the tip of
the iceberg or is there a bigger iceberg
I think there was one question raised by
a giver who said and we say that's
linked to my question I asked you six
yes and no questions I got not a single
answer okay I'll make sure we follow up
and get your answers to those I'm
anxious new world has entered us it
emerged in March that 50 million
Facebook profiles may have been breached
by the British political data company
then that was soon revised up to 87
million the public backlash saw the
Facebook boss take out full-page
newspaper ads you may recall in Britain
and America to say sorry but it didn't
stop the delete Facebook hashtag from
trending nor did it save the company
from being investigated by regulators
here's what political activists and
social campaign of George Bardo told me
he made of the hearing and the wider
Facebook data scandal
I think there's that sort of pattern
that comes out from these these you know
congressional hearings or Parliament
hearings
they're quite staged a lot of the time
is taken up with questions and you know
Mark Zuckerberg is quite practiced at
trying to seem contrite and actually
kind of avoiding a lot of detail
whenever any really key questions are
asked in terms of the detail his
response tends to be oh I'm not really
sure I'll get back to you on it and so I
think largely these are sort of pieces
of political theater to some extent that
from Facebook's point of view are to be
managed to avoid really having to do
that much to change it seems the
question is how do we bring these under
real public scrutiny in terms of
Facebook having to account for the way
they treat information the way they
prioritize some things over others etc
and I think these things need to become
hugely more transparent and I think
we're just at the beginning of working
out how to how to get the right balance
between holding these companies to
account and allowing you know government
to interfere with them essentially and
not on the other hand allowing
governments too much power in the name
of controlling Facebook
the transparency that we require going
forward absolutely has to include the
algorithms because ultimately this is
the the central question what is being
shown to who and for what reasons and
and most importantly given that so much
informational power over the decades and
centuries in fact has been about making
sure that things are left out of the
story and the crucial thing is that
there is you know initially transparency
and then some sort of accountability in
terms of the kind of algorithms that
Facebook is allowed to use
