to buy is aiming to become a leader in
adopting cryptocurrency the ruler of the
emirate has a pledged that half of all
bank transactions in the country will be
conducted using blockchain technology by
2021 earlier this month crypto gurus
visited a cryptocurrency for him and
Dubai to discuss the future Arty's a
Miguel Francis Santiago was at the event
we've been building businesses
historically centralized businesses
historically but we're going to be
moving from building businesses to
building communities what differentiates
the winners from the losers over time is
their ability to build and sustain a
community which means you have to put
your community first the ruler of Dubai
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid has pledged
that by 2021 50% of transactions on the
federal level will be conducted using
blockchain technologies this is a part
of Dubai's initiative to become a leader
in adopting blockchain we couldn't miss
the opportunity to go to one of the most
anticipated events of the year presented
by coins Bank the Futurama blockchain
innovators summit and Dubai which
brought together some of the leading
blockchain talent investment funds and
members of the arabic family offices all
under one roof to create a platform for
developing the future no one has a
choice actually I think no one should
ignore this industry customers suppliers
and shareholders are gonna be linked
through a common system this business
and this technology is gonna do away
with banking there is no way there is no
way that's why a lot of them are
interested in this because all the big
corporations in the world are not
ignoring this subject and this is really
the the the essence of civilization is
that we all get the same chance it's
it's fair opportunity this is excellent
I'm very happy with this what made
Futurama really special is its support
by people from all over the world
the frontrunners of blockchain like the
crypto billionaire Brock beers whose
motto is the new definition of a billion
someone who positively impacts a billion
lives
Brock is the chairman of Bitcoin
foundation and a firm believer in the
money free society of Burning Man a
cultural festival that annually takes
place in the Nevada desert and gathers
together some of the leading IT minds
and companies like Google and Amazon
their very own Burning Man camps
Futurama incorporated some of that
burning culture into the gathering in
Dubai Burning Man is obviously something
that comes up in my life consistently as
I like to say I'm always burning and so
at any event that's incorporating
Burning Man culture into this space is
something that I care about most people
don't understand why because they
probably haven't been to Burning Man
Burning Man is the beginning of the
decentralization movement Burning Man is
like the original Bitcoin again if you
don't understand that culture you
wouldn't understand that it's not
immediately obvious Burning Man is like
all of the culture of what we think
about when we think about crypto
currencies and whatnot
originates from Burning Man the
blockchain is the technology you think
of as burning an is the culture
