stuff at Germany's refugee agency of
being accused of illegally granting
asylum to hundreds of migrants in some
case taking cash bribes in exchange for
it the agency called BAMF has now told
RT it's expanding an internal
investigation into the claims the
scandal initially broke out in April
with media reports of widespread bribery
at the agency's office in Bremen the
Federal Migration Agency says it now
plans to review a further 8,500
approvals in nearly a dozen branches on
top of some 18 thousand cases in Bremen
it's thought around 1,200 asylum claims
were approved illegally between 2013 and
16 one former official and five other
employees are already being investigated
over it if the applications don't meet
the necessary criteria we will consider
whether these decisions to grant asylum
should be cancelled where will be also
considering sanctions against certain
employees of the federal office for
migration and refugees that was the head
of Germany's migration and refugee
agency he was also under investigation
over whether or not she knew anything
about these problems its troubles like
that that seem public confidence in the
agency plummet with 80 percent of
Germans saying their trust has run out
right now it sparked outrage - among
some of the country's left-wing
politicians it is questionable whether
the events in Bremen were really the
exception trust in the federal office
for migration and refugees is shaken we
won the office for migration and
refugees to be able to work in
accordance with the law starting now and
not just a few years from now Germany's
migration agency points out there just
because there's an ongoing investigation
and says it doesn't necessarily mean
that any wrongdoing has taken place
political consultant sergio political
consultant rather rana Rothfuss told us
that the problem has long been known
about but no action had been taken till
recently siloam seekers have said that
they have paid 1000 euros to the lawyer
and then they did not even have to show
up in bremen and it's obvious that
Lehmann has taken asylum decisions far
too hastily without making also security
background checks this might only be the
tip
the iceberg and many more similar cases
may have occurred in other bumf
dependencies the bump itself is not the
real problem what is the real scandal is
that the detection of the problems has
occurred already in 2014 and nothing has
been done by bumped by the former
Minister of Interior
