notwithstanding meantime seems North
Korea is still gearing up nonetheless to
dismantle a nuclear test site located in
the remote northeast it's the country's
only no nuclear site
there have been six tests there since
2006 RT is one of the few channels
invited to witness that destruction of
this site our correspondent egos down I
was on route now it took us about two
hours to get here from Beijing that's
where we got our visas that's where we
got our plane tickets as we took a
regular charter flight into North Korea
not many people on board only 20
journalists or so were invited many more
wanted to come but well couldn't right
now we're in the city of wonsan and it's
a south eastern city in North Korea and
it is a resort site the test site that
is set to be dismantled it is lays some
600 kilometers away from here and we
will be taking an 11 hour train to get
there and then we will be riding for
four more hours by car and hiking for
another hour but we're being told that
the spectacle is well worth it the whole
site will be razed to the ground
technical buildings reduced to rubble
tunnels in the mountains also blown up
right now we don't know when this
stripper when this is going to happen
exactly but definitely in the upcoming
day
you
