- the isil's control over three
strategic areas at that time three
health ops of Alfred a in the roads or
America's ambassador to Israel has come
in for criticism after he was seen
posing with a rather controversial gift
David Freeman was presented with a
photograph of one of the most sacred
places in Jerusalem but the image had
been altered to show the Jewish Third
Temple on the site where the Islamic
Dome of the rock is currently situated
the Third Temple is a biblical reference
to a new place of worship to replace an
ancient one which was destroyed u.s.
embassy has asked for an apology saying
that the Envoy was unaware that he was
being given a doctored picture the
region is still reeling from deadly
protests against the relocation of the
embassy to Jerusalem here is our Middle
East correspondent Paul Sayer photograph
immediately sparked fierce criticism
from the Muslim world sob Erica who is
the secretary-general of the Palestine
Liberation Organization the PLO says
that Friedman expressed to quote rude
and hypocritical behavior you don't have
our MattyB who is an arab-israeli
lawmaker and comes from the Israeli Arab
dominated political alliance called the
joint list and he has responded to the
photographs by saying that this madman
wants to bring peace a good thing you
didn't put the embassy there at the same
time we're hearing that the American
ambassador has apologized Friedman was
not aware of the image thrust in front
of him when the photo was taken he was
deeply disappointed that anyone would
take advantage of his visit to create
controversy the US policy is absolutely
clear we support the status quo on the
haram al-sharif/temple mount now i here
which is the organization from which the
man who gave the present came from has
expressed its own concerns about the
incident it says that the man who
presented the picture actually acted on
his own behalf but the problem is that
the American ambassador already has a
record of controversy even before this
event he is a supporter of Israeli
settlements in Palestinian territory and
in the past he's also called on the US
State Department to stop
the West Bank Israeli occupied territory
and this incident comes at a very
unfortunate time it follows the
inauguration of the new US Embassy in
Jerusalem from its original base in
tel-aviv and as you well know that
sparked a barrage of both international
and regional criticism this might
provoke further attention it builds the
the rhetoric against the US policies it
would pressure governments to go and in
face of and against the interests of the
United States and at the same time there
will be protests which are already being
organized for quite some time right now
in in the Palestinian territories over
the two months we lost 113 people 13,000
injuries and already so this would only
add fuel to the fire
meanwhile the United States ambassador
to the UN nikki Haley has also been on
the receiving end of some sharp
criticism she went into the University
of Houston to make a speech and got the
following welcome I'm here today
following a very busy few weeks in
American foreign policy you continue to
sign off on the genocide of a native
people you are an accomplice
and so if you're just joining us on
newsroom is closely following a breaking
news situation out of Syria the Sun on
news agency there is reporting that the
u.s. coalition has bombed two Syrian
government positions in the Eastern
Province of Deir Ezzor where the u.s.
Alliance has been supporting ground
forces against Islamic state
we spoke to Dave Lindor founding editor
of the online news site this can't be
happening
this is just in line with what the US
has been doing for some time we know the
US has been supporting an arming
elements of rebels against Assad and
that that's what they're really up to in
Syria so it wouldn't be surprising that
if they saw Syrian forces offering some
threat to elements that the u.s. is
supporting that they would you know
continue the policy of attacking Syrians
alright I'll be back in about four
minutes with a full look at your news
and of course our newsroom is staying
across this situation in Syria we'll
keep you updated you're watching our two
international
in July 2017 Holland al-khattab a
freelance journalist working with RT was
killed in militants shelling and Syria
to honor his sacrifice party has
established the holiday at F Memorial
Awards they will recognize war reporters
who often risk their lives for the sake
of the truth and through that piece you
can submit your published works in
either video or written format until
June the 12th go to a Warren dot rt.com
hi Zanna we ll be invited vena a lot on
sea turtle yo turtle mecanim can buy
then caffee first a whole other day but
then it's a shift on our super javi had
the headsman da Montefeltro mark on her
neck yourself tempted keep Sophie how we
shall see over here Marcella can do that
even though fulfil the services area sub
button and morose and hardly who are it
man
um I prefer dr. AHIMA colossal oddly
calm connector here holiday hams in
Sahara after a denomination synergy
lahum ma murders and demons with maja I
would like anomalies and
I'm ready for that
for a World Cup 2018 coverage we've
signed one of the greatest goalkeepers
of all time but there was one more
question and by the way who's gonna be
our coach guys I know you are nervous
he's a huge tournament and the huge
amount of pressure camera man
you have to dominate the center of the
pitch that's how we read you and we'll
show them all the great game the
greatest game you are the rock at the
back nobody gets passed to you we need
you to get down doing let's go hello I'm
Jose Mourinho and I'm really happy to
join their team for the 2018 World Cup
in Russia meet the special one come on
drop the cliche meet Jose Mourinho
VRT team's latest addition make the red
the figure is any better Josie
breaking news this hour on RT
international the us-led coalition has
reportedly bombed two Syrian government
positions in the Eastern Province of
Deir Ezzor Julius group all the woman
poisoned in the UK alongside her
double-agent father gives her first
media interview since the attack
she says her life had been turned upside
down and that she wants to return to
Russia political newcomer Giuseppe Conte
is accepted as Italy's new prime
minister breaking in almost three months
along impasse it clears the way for two
populist Euroskeptic parties to form the
country's next government
i broadcasting live from our studios in
moscow this is arty international I'm
Sean Thomas glad to have you with us we
start with breaking news this hour from
Syria's Sun on news agency they are
reporting that the us-led coalition has
bombed two Syrian government positions
in the Eastern Province of Deir Ezzor
local journalists and Press TV
correspondent Muhammad Ali has more
Syrian army source issued a statement
just about 30 minutes ago confirming the
attack and described it as an aggression
by the us-led coalition attacking some
Syrian army positions between a Luke
Amman and many areas though what is
important to know - according to the
Syrian army statement is that such an
aggression as the salami described it
comes as there were - also known as ISIL
terrorists gathering in nearby
definitely this is not the first time
that the u.s. had polish and attacked
Syrian army positions previously this
happened near Alton also where US troops
are positioned this also happened when
the u.s. attacked altered the mountains
in September 2016 and that at that time
led to the killing of tens of Syrian
Army soldiers and also led to the isil's
control over three strategic areas at
that time three hilltops of El Faro day
in Deir al-zour right arch a senior
correspondent Lord God you have joins us
now for more information you have
extensive experience in Syria what do we
know so far
well this is this strike is reported to
have targeted the the vicinity of t2 t2
is a prominent pumping station energy
installation in the middle of the Syrian
desert this this installation it is
nowhere near the United States their
forces rebels or SDF Syrian democratic
forces which US partners on the ground
so self-defense if indeed this was a
strike by US forces there's you know
little little grants for self-defense so
far away from the front lines we've been
there it is incredibly remote it is just
away from
everything nevertheless the important
thing is is the correspondent before us
said this will happened just as the
Syrian army has launched a big offensive
huge offensive against the remaining
Isis pocket in the area it's a big
pocket they're suspected to be hundreds
and hundreds of Isis fighters there that
these skirmishes now they've launched
this attack and one o'clock in the
morning there's an airstrike there are a
few well there's a lot of fuzzy details
but there are a few inconsistencies here
the reports we're hearing is that the
United States was behind the strike the
us-led coalition rather nevertheless the
Pentagon has come out and said on
Twitter in writing that they cannot
substantiate information that there had
been a us-led air strike the wording
here is very important because usually
what happens when they want to keep
quiet or when they don't have enough
information as they say we don't have
enough information we can't comment on
this in this case they don't have they
said that they don't have information to
substantiate the attack which you know
speaking from experience could well mean
that the United States that coalition
had nothing to do with this attack the
other important thing to note is that in
the vicinity of this area there are pro
Iranian forces there are there is
Hezbollah
there is the Syrian military pro Syrian
militias as well and many of these has
burglar pro Iranian forces have been
targeted by Israel previously not too
far from the t2 station there have been
Israeli air strike so hero it isn't a
stretch of the imagination to assume
that perhaps this wasn't the us-led
coalition if indeed there was an air
strike perhaps this was Israel's try
striking it it's hated enemy or Iran or
perhaps Hizbollah
nevertheless as I say at this point most
of this is speculation because we simply
don't have enough details but from from
what we're hearing again this happened
between Alba Kemal and the t2 station
which is again 50/50 so kilometers away
from anyone else aside from Isis so
again we'll expect in more details but
given given that there's been a pattern
a tradition of Israeli strikes lately in
the vicinity south of Syria again it
wouldn't be a stretch of the imagination
to assume that it could potentially be
in Israel you bring up a good point that
in the past the United States is
actually even forecast sometimes when
they're about ready to make a strike
kind of like this so that no Russian
assets are in the way as well
exactly the United States has a base 150
200 or just off the top of my head
kilometres west of the t2 pumping
station the Alton border crossing
jointly held by both the United States
and Syrian rebels who whom they've
trained who they still support and there
have been strikes there by the United
States against Syrian military units
when they've come as the United States
has to close but again that is that is
quite a ways away and it's difficult to
imagine them heating heating Syrian
military units in the midst of an
offensive against Isis so far away from
any assets that the United States their
partners might have a look round all
right we know it's a confusing situation
we appreciate your unique insight as
you've been there on the ground and you
can help us kind of wrap our minds
around this as it unfolds we know that
as it develops you'll help us stay
across it thanks for being with us
Broncos yeah I've seen your
correspondent all right let's now go
live to Brian Becker the director of the
anti-war answer coalition Brian thanks
for being with us here on Rt
International so the Pentagon has not
confirmed the attack as of yet and we
were just discussing that with our
correspondent here in the studio what
does that suggest to you I don't think
it suggests much right now of course we
don't know if the United States in fact
did this they have done it in the past
they are occupying the eastern and
northeastern part of Syria east of the
Euphrates they are trying to create the
area
that was formerly under the control of
Isis is a de facto American sphere of
influence so it could well be u.s.
warplanes that struck Syrian Arab army
targets or other military or
organizational units associated with
Hezbollah or others it's also possible
that it was Israeli warplanes it's not
really possible to know but let's let's
also remember that the United States and
the Israeli military the Israeli Defense
Forces are coordinating closely of
course the Israeli military is the
largest recipient of US military aid
more than any other government or any
other military in the world and we know
the Trump administration is as thick as
thieves with the Netanyahu government so
is it the u.s. is it Israel is it the
Israelis with a green light from the US
we don't know yet but overall and in the
big picture the United States is
occupying Syria illegally not at the
invitation of the Syrian government thus
it is a it is a rogue's player inside of
syria and as a consequence when we look
at these kind of military actions and in
and their way start to normalize them
and think well could it be well maybe it
is well the fact of the matter is the
United States government and especially
the Israeli government have no right to
be there have no right to have military
forces engage in Syrian or other forces
this is an international violation of
law violation of international law so we
don't know the details but we do know
that the US and the Israelis are
cooperating deeply inside of Syria as a
part of an aggression against the
against Syria let's let's take a trip
down the rabbit hole if you will we do
know that the United States and Israel
coordinate very well together
but what would Israel's motivation be I
mean they have carried out strikes in
the past against Syria but this is way
away from their border its way away from
anything that would really be a threat
to them
why would they carry out these strikes
well there are some reports that they
were also hitting Hezbollah
Media Units again we without knowing the
details I would say in general that the
United States government with John
Bolton is the national security adviser
Mike Pompeo is the new Secretary of
State and of course Donald Trump having
just canceled the joint comprehensive
plan of action are gearing up for a
regional confrontation with other
players in the area who they think have
been prevailing that would include Iran
that would include the Syrian Assad
government because it survived and
Hezbollah which is getting stronger in
Lebanon really I think the United States
Pentagon the Trump administration and
the Israeli government have the same
solution which is to intensify military
pressure on all of these entities that
they consider to be part of the
resistance front against their plans for
hegemony in the region so whether it's
the US or Israel at that point we know
that there has been a strike what about
these specific Syrian targets why would
they hit these government targets kind
of out in the middle of nowhere well
this is why this is a resource-rich part
of Syria it's also where the United
States the United States is declaring in
essence and I'm not saying that this
explains what happened but I think we
can see this clearly big picture this
entire area is being claimed by
Washington as a permanent American
sphere of influence inside of Syria that
allows the United States either to have
the defect of fragmentation of the
country to create a rump government at
an autonomous government or a-- gives
the united states a certain relevance
that it was lacking at the astana talks
where Iran Turkey and Russia where they
were the guarantors of a post-war Syria
in terms of the what comes next
America by by imposing its own military
occupation in Syria and carrying out
what is now fairly routine violations of
Syrian air space including the bombing
of Syria Syrian targets it says
the others look we're here you can't
make us leave and we are going to be
relevant meaning we are going to be
engaged we will have a voice and what
happens next in Syria you just mentioned
the importance of this region that the
United States is specifically trying to
carve out like a sphere of influence
there how important is this area to
determining the future of the conflict
well you know it's not decisive I mean
the decisive parts for Syria would be in
the West and around Damascus but here's
here's the main point is if the US is in
Syria permanently that means the US has
created de facto military bases inside
of Syria that means for Syria to ever
contemplate the the reconquest of its
own sovereign territory it has to deal
with the United States it can either try
to I was the United States or it can
negotiate and include the United States
in a post-war Syrian settlement
negotiation so in other words by
occupying this territory the US says you
cannot ignore us we will be here our
voice our perceived our articulated
interests must be taken into account
it's a form of imperialist aggression of
course but I think that is in fact the
u.s. game plan so again going down the
rabbit hole is there any chance that the
Syrian government positions were not
specifically the target and that they
were actually trying to target some of
the Islamic state forces that we're
gathering there possible but I have to
say that's from all the initial reports
including the Reuters report that does
not seem to be the case it's possible we
don't really know all of the details so
it's a little bit going out on a thin
limb to try to determine exactly what
happened - really hard evidence and hard
facts but what we do know is that the
u.s. is engaged brut keenly as a
military force of military presence not
just in the air but also on the ground
in this part of Syria and again we're
not talking about just one area even if
it's a deep populated area even if it's
a remote area we're talking about a
continuous piece of territory that I
believe the u.s. considers to be its
sphere of influence inside of Syria to
what extent Brian do you suspect these
attacks like this will increase or the
chances of major escalations will come
in the near future I think they will
increase because they think what would
trump by Trump cancelling the joint
comprehensive plan of action and by Mike
Pompeo the new US Secretary of State
articulating these 12 unbeatable demands
for Iran demands that have been set not
because the u.s. actually wants around
to meet them but because as and
precisely because Iran cannot meet these
demands they're so far reaching so broad
so illegal what the u.s. is really doing
is setting the stage for a confrontation
that won't mean initially a war in Iran
against Iran but it will mean a
full-court press against Iran and Iran's
allies in the region that means inside
of Syria most importantly and perhaps in
initially the battle against Iran and
its allies is taking place in the
territory of Syria I think that's the
Trump administration gameplan so what do
you expect the response will be from
Syria I mean this is an attack on
sovereign nation after all indeed I mean
Syria and I would say its main allies
Russia and Iran and Hezbollah have been
in a way very prudent in the face of us
for Israeli aggression because there is
a concern that any provocation by the
United States Air Force or the Israeli
Air Force or the two Air Force's
together if there's a response that's
not fully understood or fully calibrated
it could be the trigger for an even
larger aggression so at this point all
of the players are sore
I wouldn't say shadowboxing because the
bombs are real the missiles are real
people are really dying but there's a
sense of sort of caution so as not to
over react to different provocations
that would then become the rationale for
an even larger aggression and we're
getting some information just in right
now that the Pentagon itself has said
that it has no information about these
strikes so it's not necessarily a denial
but it is a bit worth of mentioning
Brian Becker thanks for being with us
here on the RT international from the
anti-war answer coalition all right
let's switch gears for a bit now to the
UK where Yulia screwed Paul has appeared
in the media for the first time since
she was poisoned along with her father
in the former Russian double agent
Sergei screech-owl
they were found unconscious on a park
bench in the English city of Salisbury
on the 4th of March more details from
our London correspondent on associate
Rickon
now in this particular media appearance
she does give a statement to Reuters
news agency at an undisclosed location
in London so her whereabouts are being
kept under wraps and she appears to make
a quite brief statement in Russian which
then she provides in written form in
both Russian and English to Reuters and
in the statement among other things she
says that she is going to eventually be
returning to her homeland of Russia but
not quite yet as reasonably thick as I
tried to come to terms with the
devastating changes thrust upon me both
physically and emotionally I take one
day at a time and want to help care for
my dad to his full recovery
in the longer term I hope to return home
to my country well Julia Paul
importantly had also said that her
recovery had been slow and extremely
painful and that she for now will not be
turning to the services of the Russian
embassy again as a reminder this has
been something that Russian authorities
had offered over and over again to the
scruples any kind of cooperation or
being able to get access to them which
according to Russia they should have
been able to do given the conventions
that
exist on matters on this issue but
there's not much else that she did say
she only made that very brief statement
and then did not answer any questions on
camera this is definitely quite a
development since this became the first
media appearance that Julius kripaal has
made ever since that poisoning took
place on March 4th when this whole saga
unraveled created creating a massive
route between the UK and Russia and of
course this was the first time we're
seeing a video of Yulia scrap all of her
father Sergey scrapple is also currently
out of the hospital so now the next step
we should be expecting is some kind of
statements or information or appearance
that he could possibly be making next
all right Russia's foreign ministry has
looked to reassure Yulia saying it has
repeatedly attempted to get in touch
with her and her father we want us
crippled to know there wasn't a date
that the Russian Foreign Ministry the
Russian embassy in London didn't try to
contact her the main goal was to ensure
she's not being kept against her will
that it wasn't another person posing as
her to get first-hand information about
her condition and her father's North
Korea is gearing up to close it's a
nuclear test site in the country's
remote in Northeast there have been six
nuclear bomb tests there since 2006
which were carried out inside a mountain
of all places no it is the world's last
officially active nuclear test site
north Korea has described how the site
will be dismantled saying that there
will be a controlled explosion to
collapse all of the tunnels that will
result in all the entrance points being
blocked as well now after that the above
ground facilities will be destroyed some
changes have already been observed by
experts on satellite images taken in
April and earlier this month buildings
have been demolished together with a
railway line RTZ voted on off is among a
group of international journalists who
set out on an arduous journey to see the
nuclear facilities shut down so we're
currently on a train somewhere Midway
from one Sun to the nuclear test site we
don't even know the exact destination as
to where we go and don't the name of the
station so the train itself is wearing
the first-class seats and that means we
have
for two and the first thing that we've
noticed is that all windows are shut off
so the blinds are shut off so the
conflict from any of the windows in all
of the trade well the train journey will
take the journalists 11 hours in total
and as Igor mentioned they have been
given strict instructions not to open
the blinds following that the crews will
have to spend several hours on a bus and
then an hour trekking to the final
location before boarding the Train eager
to sent us this report documenting his
journey from China to North Korea's one
song we're in the Beijing International
Airport and as you can see behind me
we're being greeted like celebrities
here those who go to North Korea we've
been here for the past couple of days
and all journalists part of this press
tour have been amassed in the Chinese
capital because that's where we got our
visas that's what we where we got our
tickets and now we will be proceeding to
check in to our flights those are the
windows we're waiting for the personnel
and so I'll be signing off and meeting
you hopefully greeting you from North
Korea itself next time so this is the
Air Koryo flight we will be taking to
get inside North Korea thing is we
aren't even exactly sure as to where
exactly where you're headed because
according to a media to documents we're
going to the
