we vote to repeal the eight because I'm
definitely in favor of giving them in
the option for safe abortions and saving
women's lives I'll be voting YES
because I believe it's about the right
choice no women should have the freedom
to choose what they want with their
bodies yeah I'm gonna vote YES for the
referendum and why because women
obviously have the right to choose it's
horrible and backwards that it's been
any other way I would vote no because
we're not being given a choice
there was no reason no big reason to
change the eighth amendment and if the
was it could be changed without the
12-week allowance that allows their
unrestricted abortion in 12 weeks we
don't want that in Ireland we don't need
it in Ireland I totally disagree with us
but I do agree with repealing repealing
the eighth amendment but not to that
degree I'm gonna be voting YES on Friday
as we all are because I think women in
Ireland need access to good health care
and we can't keep shipping our problems
off to England around Sadam or wherever
else they go I'm voting YES should be
wormans choice and you know people have
shared their stories at me over the last
few years and you know it's off my mind
and it's gonna happen I think I hope the
reason why we vote no is because I think
a la like that reflects the values of
society overall and I understand all
these hard cases that have been well
explained but so the stitute the
statistics will tell you that in England
97% of babies that are aborted our
healthy babies
3% would belong to the other category
I'd be voting yes because I think under
circumstances each person's individual
and to be given the choice to do
whatever they need to do is a lot bigger
than being told you can't do it so I
think that's very important to be given
the choice to listen to the woman and
decide what she wants to do then
