almost a year on from the Grenville fire
in London which claimed the lives of 72
people a public inquiry was officially
launched on Monday and the moment was
filled with emotion with those involved
one survivor spoke of his stillborn son
born to Stowers after the tragedy some
of the following images you may find
upsetting so I held my son now the moms
are even hoping it was all battery my
wife she's made of the hardest material
I know and without her strength and
courage shall not be you
survivors will give their accounts over
the next week or so and the probe will
then look into wider issues like
government response time and
preventative actions
Nadira Tudor has more from London it's
almost been a year since the devastating
blaze and what's left of the grenfell
tower can be seen here behind the
scaffolding
it's a harrowing reminder of a tragedy
that has left many questions unanswered
there are over a hundred tower blocks in
London alone
similar to Granville and people living
here want their government to make sure
that a disaster like that does not
happen again it's like a year now and
we're still living in the same situation
when we found out that our cabin was a
cemetery was going through just caught
us by surprise and then just thinking
this is cheap material why would you
risk the lives of so many people and see
there's full council misdeeds all this
long-term but tablets so we know that's
it's you know obviously not safe so what
can the residents of tower blocks like
these do in an emergency the advice used
was to stay put but now according to the
London Fire Brigade is being changed to
simultaneous evacuation because of the
flammable cladding however the
government is yet to ban it tourism a
promise to spend 400 million pounds to
replace unsafe cladding on high-rise
public housing blocks just 16 other
tower blocks have had their aluminium
cladding material replaced with non
combustible materials so are the
authorities doing enough I feel like the
government haven't done enough see for
the needs of those of ensel in terms of
people that experience grand fair I
don't think they're doing enough for
them not nearly enough no I think the
the issue with the cladding they should
have resolved that by now absolutely
nothing as far as I can see
I mean the Guardians the one that keeps
it sort of coming over and absolutely
nothing's happening what struck me as
I've spoken to a number of residents who
live here at the child COTS estate in
Camden is the fear in their eyes at the
thought that they too could have lost
their lives and now they're after
clarification from the government as to
what's going to happen next to resolve
those problems and action to be taken
Nadira tudor RT the uk's housing
minister has said that the government is
listening to concerns and will discuss a
policy review concerning a ban on
flammable materials in construction
while over two thirds of former
Granville residents are yet to be
rehomed while some eighty-two households
are still residing in emergency
accommodation we've spoken to a
campaigner about the tragedy we haven't
seen corresponding action on to see
action is difficult to believe the
government why ask for consultation if
we know that there are combustible
materials still wrapping around
buildings today we shouldn't discuss it
in Parliament we should take action
today because we don't need to have
another grain field they should be
diversity there should be representation
if there is no representation in
democracy is no democracy is not just a
Sharad took us one year to agree that we
need a diversity in the team a second of
going to see that we'll review what was
obvious how long will it take us to get
justice
you
