I want to call on Muslims to take leave
from work during the month of Ramadan to
avoid negative consequences for the rest
of Danish society
I wonder if religious order command in
observance of a 1400 year old pillar of
Islam is compatible with the society and
labor market that we have in Denmark in
this can be dangerous for all of us well
the outspoken politician clarified jobs
like bus driving hospital work or
operating machinery can be dangerous if
people haven't eaten all day well let's
go live to discuss this now Steven
Morris from these Democrats party joins
me as well as Mohamed Shafiq chief
executive of the Ramadan foundation
thank you gentlemen both for coming on
today great to have you on as always
Mohamed if I can do perhaps go to you
first
believing professionals yeah with
responsible work doctors bus drivers
people operating machinery they've got a
responsibility to do to public
responsible jobs someone hasn't eaten
all day things could go wrong the Prime
Minister could have a point
well I I think first of all you've got
to take the context in which this has
been said she's a finger Stolberg is a
far-right politician within Denmark
she has supported and encouraged and
legislated for pretty hardline views
about immigration and Islam and Muslims
and so her comments in this regard more
of the same there are millions of people
here in the United Kingdom who are
benefitting from Muslim doctors Muslim
nurses Muslim bus drivers people working
in takeaways and restaurants and in
every walk of life who are contributing
to society as well as they are
practicing their faith and they've done
it without any problems you look in the
Muslim world where it's 42 degrees today
in Karachi for example people are
fasting and working looking at Middle
East look in Moscow look at all of
Europe people are working and fasting
and it's never been a problem this is a
deliberate attempt to try to attack
Islam and our practices and we strongly
reject it and we strongly opposed to it
mmm
Stephen the minister also insists
there's freedom of religion in Denmark
but I mean aren't these calls singling
out Muslims for discrimination I've got
a graph in front of me here which says
there's many other religions Judaism
Christianity Buddhism that have fasting
periods as well why not target them for
example well she's right in one respect
is that it is a health and safety risk
the reports all show that accidents do
occur increase during Ramadan but this
is not to say that we should stop them
well my issue
thank God I'm gone let me just finish
I've actually got the road safety from
the United Arab Emirates
just produce the evidence accidents
increase so and what I'm saying is it
she's right in some respects but do we
have to work with them my issue is our
care insurance says the company's
insurance is aware of those people who
were actually fasting who are then
becoming a risk not eating or drinking
for 10 out
now I do know these exceptions and if
the person's not well other issues and
they can like defer that period of time
but surely the insurance company should
know if you're driving a boss and you're
fasting then they should know it's
common sense increases in traffic
accidents do occur it's a fact
so she's right in some respects wrong in
the odds and Mohammed is just gone
straight on the attack on a week being
fair back but there is evidence there
Mohammed no we're not saying that they
shouldn't practice their religion but
what we're saying is it needs to be
managed it needs to be managed within
the bounds of Health and Safety which
takes priority over religion which is a
personal choice Stephen if you just give
me a minute man as Steven if I can sort
of play the devil devil's advocate here
a bit I mean there's people with other
health issues people on diets people
that may have eating disorders
you know bulimia yeah etc how do we
propose to monitor them those doctors
those bus drivers that may have other
disorders and they're gonna pose a risk
well with bus drivers in that if you've
got a medical condition you have to
declare it as part of your PCV pipe out
of your license as part of your medicals
but you don't have to declare whether
it's a religion now if your religion not
just Islam but any religion where you've
got fasting where it's going to have an
adverse effect on your ability to carry
out your work that has to be managed
I'm not saying to let you stop people
like the Danish politician has said it
has to be managed correctly then they
should be aware of it they should be
able to manage it but at the moment if
you've got a medical condition like the
ones you've said you have to declare it
but you don't have to declare your
religion which is going to have an
adverse effect through not eaten so you
should have actually have to declare it
do you agree to declare I mean is public
safety more important than religion here
if those facts that that Stephen pointed
out he held up a bit of paper up on the
screen if those facts are correct is
public safety of the priority
it's just a ridiculous from Steven there
and it's ridiculous from the minister
the fact is this the as employees and
him having those conversations I I'm a
Muslim I practiced my faith I'm fasting
so I have had conversations I work in an
office but I've spoken to my manager to
tell them that I'm fasting I'm sure
those bus drivers who will drive the
buses around having those conversations
you know if Steven god forbid was to be
admitted to hospital and he was to be
seen most likely by a Muslim who was
fasting would he would he paused and
said well I don't really want to be seen
by this guy because he's a Muslim and
he's fast in the the issue at here is
that this is an attack against Islam and
Muslims ability to practice our faith as
I said I don't know it's an issue of
health of shaking Muhammad from your
religion every time okay so you're not
interested in health and safety wouldn't
you're not interested yell for safety no
because you know what
so you just admitted you're not
interested in health or safety you're
more focused about Islam the English
Democrats Muslims our partial your more
conversations there's no evidence to
suggest there's no evidence to suggest
that Muslims are deliberately ignoring
our safety or Muslims are less able to
come you know I never said there was you
know what I'm saying the facts increased
brain surgeons Daniel there might be a
popper tunity to have a debate but there
are Muslims in this country who are
brain surgeons who are practicing the
examples you using you basically look at
the problem with you the problem with
you and the problem with your party is
you hate Islam and Muslims and you try
to have this no ago I just said it
happens manager Tommy said you've
attacked Islam you've attacked Muslims
this is another
keep things on topic here gentlemen your
party let's keep things on topic Stephen
this question to you there's a there's a
large population of Muslims in them in
Denmark sorry in the UK as well in many
European countries there's a debate
right now about integration about
multiculturalism shouldn't the
government be trying to include and be
inclusive towards ethnic minority groups
religious minority groups rather than
trying to or perhaps inadvertently
excluding them through making these
sorts of statements which obviously do
provoke a lot of passion you know and a
lot of anger and angry sentiment is this
the right way really to go about things
well it's like I said at the beginning
she some respect she's right she should
be highlighting a health and safety
issue but she's not right in saying that
they should give up work or whatever
they vote for this month these the
example she uses we bus drivers as we
know bus drivers rosters are actually
very poor so the longer it goes on the
fatigue increases the stress increases
and as the week goes on that's when the
accidents increases according to the the
real safety of the UAE so what you've
got to look ease out to manage it other
companies managing it correctly to say
okay your your practicing Muslim you're
driving a boss at the end of your rotor
does that take into account your fasting
no because all a rotor does through its
fatigue index it's just to look at the
normal rest periods of a driver with
normal meal breaks but if you're not
having them meal breaks and you're not
eating or drinking properly to to follow
your religion then then fatigue indexes
have to be altered but they know so
there's got to be a clear health and
safety risk and it's got to be managed
let's get my mistake on this I mean
you've said Mohammed you've disagree
that this is a health and safety risk I
mean how do you manage the this issue
that I mean is there a point here at all
or is this clearly an attack or insult
or on Muslims as an ethnic religious
group there as I said to you before
there are conversations happening
between Muslim employees with their
employer there are bus drivers I've got
friends
bus drivers they fast and there you know
Amy Wilson talking krama - shrieking -
their motors just-just-just summary in
in a minute Steve we just let them have
it finishes point there please okay well
yeah at the point is I've got bus driver
friends who fast and practice their
faith okay now the problem here is that
there are people on the right of our
politics and on our country who don't
like Islam and Muslims now they don't
want to come out with it we had you kick
for example who said oh we're not racist
we're not racist for many many years and
now guess what
they're openly on the side of the
far-right the English Democrats are no
different that's what they do as well
they've got a problem with Islam and
Muslims anything what we do will never
be good enough
as I said brain surgeons brain surgeons
work in hospitals on a daily difference
different jobs leave me a single nephron
your sister job horse driver who's
caught an accident in this country
namely one right I can tell you Jesus be
caused by I can tell you tell me one in
my previous name are P if you will if
you leave me wait a minute Mohammed if
you am in it just final ten seconds
Stephen if you want just reply to that
in date just very briefly Stephen just
ten seconds no abuse of the United where
we dealt with the risk assessment for
duties and rosters
no one in the bus industry all the
chemistry has ever put Rama down into a
risk of fatiguing decks when doing
though rotors and that should be in
because that drastically affects them
levels of fatigue inning and risk index
okay gentlemen we are time I'm afraid
Stephen English Democrat Party mavet
Rafiq chief executive ramen and
foundation we're out of time clearly as
always very very far Iver passionate
debate there clearly an issue that
aroused that you know very emotional and
we good to have you both on again a
later time perhaps for the same topic or
a different one perhaps we can find some
more common ground there thanks
gentlemen both of you
