villages in Chile are locked in a fight
for clean water
claiming farm supplying UK supermarkets
are depleting local supplies now here on
the right is what the main river of
Patoka village in chile now looks like
previously a favorite with swimmers it's
fully dried up through years of used to
irrigate avocado plantations
environmental group mother timur had
raised concerns long before the issue at
western headlines in a LAN party neutral
territory
privileged ido pursue nutrias puente de
agua natural so nobly God owes dafuk our
embosser platicas onion of por presses
Aaron Daraa wa comprar real agua in
libre competencia Patoka province is the
country's top producer of the fruits and
villages they're accused agricultural
companies of illegally destroying water
reserve with rivers in the region drying
up and people now forced to rely on
trucks carrying contaminated water for
supplies that's because avocado farming
requires massive water use locals say
producers are violating their rights we
collect water from the bath shower
dishwasher and here you can see the foam
we used the same water to water trees
and to give a little life to the field
because we don't want it to stay dry
forever we hope one day the water will
return this river basically dried up
because the province of Patoka became
the country's most important district in
avocado production exports but those
exports are being made at the expense of
and in violation of the human rights
attending ASEAN
there is a lot of anger pain and
suffering from seeing that they
accumulate large amounts of water while
the rural community is drinking water
from water trucks the meantime EU
avocado imports are rising fast up over
100 million euro in sales in just two
years
Alexander panas Pinto from the
environmental group mordor tema says
that there have been water shortages for
years now
if you're a peasant you don't have
enough water to irrigate your plants and
to raise your animals and the river
doesn't exist anymore is dried for more
than ten years has become a garbage dump
people swam at the river now you don't
have nothing of the last year and she
exports more than a hundred and sixty
thousand tons of avocado thirty-two
thousand more than in 2016 so if this
partition is increasing that's because
the price would have occurred convenient
for agribusiness and the other that
benefits are the barren of avocado in
the Euro of the US in China last there
is a group another group who benefits of
this situation there are the companies
that supply the trucks to deliver water
because the government has invested more
than 126 million of viewers in the last
six years for water supply benchmarks
this is a really key question who
benefits
suddenly now the poor people in Petrovka
the British Retail Consortium
representing supermarkets who import
much of the fruit says that all stores
are now aware of the allegations
representatives promise that the problem
will be addressed and insist that the
welfare and safety of people and
communities is key to them
