the polls have closed in Venezuela and
with almost all of the votes counted the
incumbent President Nicolas Maduro will
be reelected with around 68 percent the
vote however has been criticized with
some opposition figures refusing to take
part the citing electoral fraud or for
weeks the US has been demanding the
election be suspended calling it a sham
on Friday Washington imposed sanctions
on some of the top brass in the
country's ruling Socialist Party
accusing them among other things of drug
trafficking and the government in
Caracas fired back saying Washington is
simply frustrated as it was unable to
eventually change the course of the
election declarations are just a show of
desperation in the face of the
participation and the development of the
elections in Venezuela they don't have
the minimum capacity to interpret and
understand the message that the
Venezuelan people are sending they don't
have the minimum capacity for dialogue
there are only capacities to wipe out
and threatened Venezuela has its own way
retina Maduro has also promised to
restore the economy and to counter the
effects of US sanctions professor of our
global and Latin American Studies
William Robinson says the current poor
state of the Venezuelan economy isn't
the fault of the Maduro government alone
downplaying the mismanagement of the
economy by the Maduro government by the
Venezuelan government but I want to
point out that the US has imposed a
financial blockade and economic
strangulation on the country so that
includes that Venezuela cannot
renegotiate its debt Venezuela cannot
get credits to invest in the oil sector
earn anything else Venezuela cannot
import its medicines and other and other
goods and then there's internal hoarding
and we have all of the documentation and
this is not new that the United States
has encouraged the opposition business
community to in turn to do economic
sabotage to hoard and then sell in the
black market so although these different
factors are coming together so again I
think that the US strategy is to
strangulate economically the country and
that combines with the government's
mismanagement and over reliance on oil
there's also been a tolerance of
corruption absolutely corruption should
be crack down on it there's also a
bureaucracy so all of these factors come
together but again I want to highlight
the u.s. role because for me that's the
biggest biggest story here in these
action
you
