hello welcome to Sophie and comme Sophie
Shepherd not say the American pull out
out of the Iran nuclear deal is causing
a headache to the European guarantors of
the treaty in case of Germany
threatening firms that made large
investments in Iran
how will Berlin and the EU deal with
this well I asked you entered Fed Hogan
former vice-president of the European
Commission
Washington's scuttling of the Iran
nuclear deal has taken Europe by
surprise German businesses in the Middle
Eastern country now under threat of
renewed American sanctions Berlin may be
turning to Russia to keep the nuclear
agreement on board can the Iran debacle
restore broken ties between Russia and
Germany will the countries be able to
mount a concerted effort to maintain the
nuclear deal and will it be enough to
save it interfere hurryin former vice
president of the european commission
welcome to the show it's really great to
have you with us today hello Sophie good
to see you
so after Trump took America out of the
Iran deal which means that European
companies in Iran may be subject to
American sanctions the EU fired back
activating a law that would block
European companies from complying with
u.s. decisions on Iran in your opinion
who is going to out sanction who here
the United States or Europe
I'm afraid that the Americans have too
big a stick here if you were in a
European company or a German carmaker
for instance and you would look at the
figures what kind of business are you
doing in Iran what kind of business are
you doing in the United States and do
you have not much choice and you will
decide not to invest in Iran you will
continue to invest in to make business
in in US and if the European Union would
really a promise to compensate for all
the losses I can I can promise you that
goes far far beyond the financial
capacities of the European Union so I'm
really afraid that the American American
policy of uni unilateral act
the American policy of taking hostage
other nations and at companies can be
successful at the end so the European
statute that has been activated his
prohibits EU companies from canceling
their business with Iran due to American
sanctions so if I'm a European company
in Iran I have to suffer the
consequences brought onto me by the
Americans and if I quit it on then you
will go after me
doesn't this put EU companies between
the devil and the deep blue sea how is
that making their life easier no III
don't think that the problem is the
whole of the companies which are already
active in in Iran the problem is that
the pomace that went with the with the
idea the Iran deal was that we would do
more and help you on to develop the
economy and to increase the living
standard of the people so that would
mean much much more investment than we
have done in the past and what I have
said is and I would like to repeat that
you cannot expect new major investment
in Iran coming from major European
companies in particular those who are
birthmarc leaders who are leading in
technology and and innovation and I'm
really I'm really afraid that the the
American American action was well what
was well calculated and that we have no
real defense against it so regardless of
Europe's countermeasures do you think
the deal will survive without the
Americans I think I think it can it
depends very much on the cooperation
between the g√ºnther countries in
particular Russia China and Europe and
the European countries as far as I can
see they are committed to do everything
they can
to keep the deal alive but 44 people in
Iran of course the question will be does
it pay at the end or that I cannot I
cannot pussy but what we can say is this
deal is clearly in jeopardy and with the
deal in jeopardy is the whole system of
nuclear non-proliferation not only in
the area of the Middle East but but
everywhere and it might change the whole
security pattern of the bird in which
Philip it's a really serious very very
serious situation and in this situation
it would be extremely important to
organize a cooperation between the other
partners of the deal which I have
already mentioned in order to create
account obeyed so in the wake of the
United States decision on Iran Donald
Tusk says that with friends like us you
don't need enemies and Trump said the
same can be said about EU r us and you
enemies from now on absolutely not
I must say I know do not very well and I
like him very much and normally he is
not using strong words so I was really I
was really surprised so my understanding
was that he was really really angry
about the communication with the
Americans no I wouldn't use the term the
term enemy but it is obvious that the
partnership between the United States
and the European Union is entering a new
new age it's it's not like it was in the
past when more or less the Americans at
the Europeans shared the same values and
directives the Europeans accept it
that Americans have the leadership and
the Americans were generous enough to
provide security
I think that's finished
finished and we need to redefine the D
relationship and the only thing I would
like to say right now is be in Europe we
should not make the mistake to believe
that the presidency of Donald Trump is
just a short a short a short living
mistake
I'm afraid that Trump is representing
America much more than Obama represented
America and we should be aware that this
policy will probably continue the
America I mean the America first policy
so the French finance minister is
calling on European leaders to defend
Europe's economic sovereignty from the
United States now at the same time he
and his German colleagues are courting
their US counterparts seem mooching
trying to get exceptions for their
companies from the looming sanctions so
what kind of sovereignty is this if
Europe is repeatedly finding itself in
begging positions towards the United
States yeah I'd say it's the old the old
problem the discussion is very old how
to how to deal with the Americans and
different views are more common than
unity I have to I have to have to
confess and I'm not surprised look at
the French interests and the German
interests are definitely not not the
same and so far the European
institutions did not manage took to
create a common position and my my
viewers that will be difficult very very
difficult do we do we really want to
have to create a trade war with United
States the United States has the the
strongest economic partner for European
Union and vice versa yeah we are very
much depending on each other
there will be no winner no winner in a
trade war and my view is it should be
avoided as much as we can because we
cannot accept that the Americans dictate
the terms of the business it has to be
it has to be partnership but as long as
we do not know what a partnership is
really finished we should try to to keep
it alive so Germany was previously
slammed by the United States for failing
to pay a share of 2% of its GDP to the
NATO budget Trump now says member
countries must pay four percent of their
GDP to NATO is Germany planning to meet
this target if almost nobody in Europe
is even meeting the 2% target how is
Washington going to make everyone pay
for I can tell you that the strong
majority of Germans and in my view a
strong majority of Europeans everywhere
is strictly against a new arms race and
does do not see the need for higher
defense spending in the European Union
that we already have we can create
signatories in the European Union by
cooperating better in defence matters we
have started to do that but iced I would
strictly oppose the idea that we have to
spend two percent of our GDP for the
common defense and it's in my view an
even higher percentage is absolutely not
debatable
so Trump also says that those under
paying to the NATO budget will be dealt
with whatever that means
and that's almost whatever yeah that's
almost at the same time as he's
threatening sanctions on Europe over
Iran I mean why does Europe and Germany
in particular allow United States to
Blakewell them here and there because
that's what it looks like from the
outside yes III agree and in the in the
past the European attitude will be the
American policy was always a mix of
megalomania and strict obedience so we
never we never found the right middle
here so we we need we need to discuss
now what we bought what we want to have
and need to tell our our our American
American friends that until now the u.s.
access was a gantter for for peace and
stability not only in Europe but but in
other regions as well if that access
this disappears we will have more
tensions we will have it will have more
conflict the world will come closer to
the final two perhaps later the final
conflict and nobody nobody even mr.
Trump I believe nobody can can really
wanna do be we must do everything we can
to to prevent the situation from
happening where are the Americans and
the Europeans are in iron different
camps but IIIi know it will be it's
going to be difficult I know that all
right so we're gonna take a short break
right now when we're back we'll continue
talking to Gunther FET Hogan former vice
president of the European Commission
talking about the German brush relations
stay with us
- we're back with Ginter Phil Haugen
former vice-president of the European
Commission discussing the uneasy German
Russian partnership all right so the new
German Foreign Minister mr. mas has
started his tenure by taking a tough
stance on Russia but just a little while
later we see Germany and Russia standing
together in support of the Iran deal
against American attempts to dismantle
it can one of the effects of the Iran
deal affair be to actually bring Germany
and Russia closer together yes I think I
think it does we have a very strong
common interest here and perhaps it
shows that there are many many other
areas where we have common interests as
far as the new foreign military Germany
is concerned he is learning on the job
and perhaps we should give him a little
bit of time I was slightly surprised
when when he made that announcement
because this is not the policy that was
formulated in the coalition agreement
and it's clearly not the policy of the
Social Democratic Party to which to
which he belongs my my feeling is not a
strong strong majority not only of
Social Democrats in Germany but of the
whole German population Vaughn's good
and friendly relations with Russia and
strongly dislikes the a confrontational
policy that we have seen during the last
time in his first interview as German
Foreign Minister mr. mas was using words
like belligerent hostile when speaking
about Russia something no acting German
Foreign Minister was hurt saying before
shoot must be seen as Berlin's
mouthpiece here I mean at the same time
Chancellor Merkel is meeting with Putin
and saying that relations with Russia
are a strategic priority countries need
to talk so there's a German government
have a United line
on Russia at the moment or not good good
good good question I am NOT a member of
this government so I I do not know but I
noticed the discrepancy with you which
you have mentioned and I would not have
used are the terms which mr. mas used
and perhaps he will not he will not
repeat it my understanding is that
transyl America is very much interested
in in maintaining constructive relations
and building and building confidence and
she is the one who defines the
guidelines of Germany's foreign policy
so give me gifting it the present
coalition in Berlin a little bit time to
adjust my understanding is the police
finally the policy line will be to try
to cooperate with Russia as much as
possible like you have mentioned the
attitude that mr. mas has taken towards
Russia has brought sharp criticism from
his own party members and other German
politicians it seems that while the
German course on Russia is in line with
the EU there is an internal political
divide in the German establishment when
it comes to relations with Moscow how
deep is this divide and how does it
affect policy it yes that is a matter
that concerns me busy very much what I
what I can see since a couple of years
but getting stronger and stronger is a
divide between Oceanus era the normal
population and the so-called
intellectual elites people in the people
in the media people in think tanks
people also in in political positions
they have a much much tougher position
than the average German citizen and we
have we have similar similar situation
in other areas as well
that the elites in our country are
losing contact with the the interests
and and the views of of the people so
and this is serious in a in a democracy
if normal people and the elites have
completely completely different views
and if you ask me who should change I
think that those people writing writing
writing articles and even increasing
increasing the tensions and the
confrontation
absolutely think what they are doing so
I agree with what you're saying because
I have statistics here that said it's
from their Spiegel it says that 68
percent of Germans don't want to toughen
the stance on Russia and overwhelming 94
percent of Germans think that good
relations with Russia are important will
the opinion of voters pressure the
German leaders to find a softer approach
to the German Russia relations in the
end now it depends it depends on what
what happens in reality is foreign
policy is not it's not a matter of
boards foreign policy is a matter of
deeds so so we have to see whether we
can find common ground in those areas
where we have common interests like
Middle East like like Iran perhaps even
even Ukraine in my view an area where we
have where we have common interest and
of course and of course economy and
technology a good partnership and a good
relationship needs substance every need
we need to do something and here we
should not forget that the bilateral
relations between between Germany and
Russia despite all the disturbing
disturbing words and voices are still
very good we have very strong cultural
nations we have very strong economic
relations we have extremely strong
cooperative
between people and organizations from
the civil society we shouldn't we
shouldn't we shouldn't underestimate
that and yes I believe that finally
rebel policy will understand that we in
Germany have a particular responsibility
to make to make sure that Russia is
treated as an equal partner in Europe so
even if there is a political decision in
Berlin - for example I don't know ease
the sanctions on Russia there are
approved by all you member states so our
Germany's hands tied on the issue
regardless of whether the government
wants to lift sanctions or not yeah
our distinctions the sanctions are you
are European ish European decision and a
single country like Germany cannot
cannot change it we need we need we need
a common decision here but I believe if
if if conditions are there which would
allow the German government or an other
government to say we do not need the
sanction any longer and they would like
to do that rather sooner rather sooner
than later nobody really likes the
sanctions the Germans not French not
intelligence all India no but nobody
really likes it and I would I would I
would hope I would hope context which
will follow create another atmosphere a
better a better climate under the next
step we can have a European decision to
lift the sanctions step by step or in
one step it depends on the situation
meanwhile as Germany goes along with you
sanctions it still manages to do lots of
business with Russia for instance
building the North stream to giant
pipeline bring natural gas into Germany
directly from Russia so how does Berlin
balance this tough and principled
diplomacy approach with pragmatic
pipeline projects yeah
not same not seem to in Berlin Co as far
as I understand it I was not involved in
a decision-making here as far as I
understand it the position of the German
government is that not seem to is in the
interest not only of Germany but all the
interests of our neighboring countries
in the East in particular Poland and and
the Baltic countries and I think the
mrs. Merkel invaded made it clear that
not stream to does not does not mean
necessarily that Ukraine is losing its
importance as a transit country for gas
so I think the best solution would be to
to find a way that satisfies the needs
of Ukraine and Poland by guaranteeing
that a certain amount of energy will be
transported via these countries and then
not slim not some to which we need to to
meet the demand in in casanare because
the demand is not it's not drinking
today the mass the demand is increasing
as everybody knows so miracle made it
clear recently that North stream to
project shouldn't go forward until all
the issues with Ukraine's transit role
are settled she said that there are
political considerations involved
how does this go along with German
government officials numerous statements
that nordstrom to is purely commercial
project it does not go along with that
it has it does not and I do not I do not
know what the German government has
illegally instrument to stop that I
don't think so so this was a political
Putin a political statement in my view
it would be wise to do as I have already
said find a balanced solution which also
takes into account the interests of
Ukrainian of Ukrainian Poland but
Nostrum too is as you have said for
economic economic reasons Epps
important for Germany and the rest of
Europe so why is North stream to deemed
so dangerous in Brussels I mean the
Germans are pragmatic people they
wouldn't sign up for something if it
were really strategically dangerous
isn't more infrastructure always a good
thing yeah but III would I would agree
and the opposition is not new
the was already tough opposition against
against Nostromo stream bondage as you
remember the ports were complaining
complaining a lot and at some other
countries as well are they basically we
have we have the same situation the
ports feel that they are bypassed here
literally literally literally bypass the
decision was made without consulting
them and in my view that was a mistake
but should have tried to have to have
the ports on board but that is spilt
milk now again the best the best
solution would be taking into account
the rising demand for gas from Russia a
division of labor so to say between
Ostrom to and traditional transport
lines which we already have all right
thank you very much for this interesting
talk we were talking to Gunther fair
hurryin former vice-president of the
European Commission discussing European
efforts to rescue the Iran deal and
Germany's relations with Russia that's
it for this edition of Sophie & Co we'll
see you next time
you
