that's controversy in Germany over a
cartoonists depiction of the Israeli
Prime Minister as the winner of this
year's Eurovision Song Contest a German
newspaper ended its collaboration with
the author after a public outcry well
show you the picture in question the
artist says he wanted to criticize
Benjamin Netanyahu for exploiting
Israel's victory in the contest for his
own political ends however some have
accused him of resorting to anti-semitic
cliches
I don't think s√ºddeutsche Zeitung should
publish data Hanoch his cartoons he
seems to be a hard-line anti-semite Zita
Hanish is a very dangerous man and
absolutely anti-semitic this has been
clear for the last 40 years
no more idiotism caricatures are
important for shaping public opinion but
there is no place for incursion
anti-semitism after the outcry the
newspaper pulled the caricature and
apologized for printing it but the
cartoonist dieter Hanoch is defiant that
the editors have apologized is their
business I do not apologize the
accusation doesn't ring true with me
that the drawing can be regarded as
anti-semitic I did not mean it that way
I can criticize Netanyahu's policy even
as a German there is another side to all
of this though in his work Hanoch has
mocked and criticized other world
leaders as well that cartoon right there
drawing comparisons between Turkey's
president utter Diwan and Stalin and
Hitler but that time around when there
was an outcry the newspaper defended the
artists freedom of speech we heard from
Israeli journalist Gideon Levy he says
European media outlets are trying to
avoid criticizing Israel to avoid being
accused of anti-semitism whenever it
comes to Israel not only to Netanyahu
to Israel in general immediately the
European media is scared of being
accused and anti-semitism while any
other leader you can do whatever you
want whenever you draw a Israeli
Statesman whenever you criticize Israel
immediately it comes up all
anti-semitism and Europe is afraid
really
scared paralyzed of being labeled as
anti-semite rightly so by the way the
only problem is that this has nothing to
do with anti-semitism and I hope that
German colleagues in the German media
will raise the voice of protest against
the scandal of firing this cartoonist
you
