iran's Foreign Minister has lashed out
of the EU for not doing enough to help
Tehran counter us pressure his remarks
come amid European efforts to save
economic relations with Iran which were
thrown into jeopardy by the threat of
American sanctions after Washington
scrapped the Iran nuclear deal to fail
long we're going to do everything to
protect French companies in Iran because
it's in our economic interest there are
dozens of French companies who have
lawfully invested in Iran and are doing
business there and they must continue to
have the right to do with the exit of
the United States from the nuclear deal
the expectations from the Iranian public
towards the European Union have
increased and the --use political
support for the nuclear agreement is not
sufficient some companies have already
announced they are ready to leave for
example a French energy giant's total
and OG their multibillion-dollar
projects could be abandoned by November
when American sanctions are due to be
reinstated a Frances finance minister
lashed out at the United States it's
good news except - are we going to
accept the US as the planet economic
policeman do we accept one way
domination with no respect for
international rules obviously Europe's
response must clearly be no on Friday
the European Commission launched a
process to prevent EU firms from being
hit by US sanctions under it European
companies will be able to get
compensation and loans if they are
affected
you
