hello and welcome to cross not where all
things are considered I'm Peter LaBelle
the transatlantic alliance system has
weathered a number of storms during its
seventy year history we are told this is
because of sustained American leadership
but can the same Alliance system survive
the storm
named Trump
crosstalking the transatlantic alliance
system I'm joined by my guest mark
sloboda he's an international affairs
and security analyst we also have
Dimitri babaji's a political analyst
with Sputnik International and we have
Alex Cristofori he is the director and
writer for the duran dot-com alright
gentleman crosstalk rules in fact that
means you can jump in any time you want
and I always appreciate it mark let me
go to you first here I'm the oldest on
the program right here and I have a good
memory of the transatlantic alliance
system that's had its ups and downs but
this is turning into a sustained one
we're looking at security we're looking
at international agreements Iran comes
into play we're looking at energy and
we're looking at and Dima and I will
talk about Italy a little bit later in
the program there is a swell grassroots
well of populism there seems to be a
cascade effect there's a lot of elements
in play right now and I'm taking it
seriously yeah I mean this is a serious
incident and and certainly from if you
went simply by the headlines in the
press on both sides of the Atlantic
talking about the doom of the West and
the breaking up of the transatlantic
alliance Deutsche Welle saying can can
the transatlantic alliance survive Trump
but unfortunately we have all been here
before you know during the eight long
Bush years books were being written
comparing the u.s. to Mars and the EU to
venus and talking about their
differences and we had similar breakup
with reagan but there was all that there
was a coalition quote unquote of the
Willing when it came to the invasion of
iraq i mean there was but they did pull
it off the point is will they pull it
off this already said no at the time and
actually sided with Putin and we're
gonna go to the Russian angle on this
here go ahead Dima Jim well I mean it
was Venus who first bombed Libya for
example it was the French president who
decided to bomb you know he had some
very reliable information yes president
Sarkozy he had that reliable information
from Bern
really be that you know ultra radical
globalist so-called philosopher who just
went to live here talk to a few
insurgents and said that we need to save
these Libyan muscles he said referring
to the Afghan war word of March of
Massoud who fought the Soviet troops in
1980s so basically I think that the
amount of talk about a rift in the
transatlantic alliance you know there is
a not such a big disagreement over Iran
but like any totalitarian structure
there in panic there is I mean they got
Alex here because I mean the threat of
sanctions against European companies
here I mean not only is there a looming
trade war we can talk about the the
specifics of that but now you know
basically going up in threatening the
European companies and the Europeans
have reacted with a blocking measure I
mean this is different gentlemen this is
very different than we've had in the
past go ahead Alex yeah this is very
different because I think we're seeing
the neoliberal honeymoon is definitely
over and that was eight years with Obama
where you had Obama and Cameron and
Merkel and and all these people with is
this new rat pack of buddies that were
you know running the world you know
doing whatever they wanted to do and and
you're seeing that come to a very
decisive end with Trump and Trump is
very much like it or not Trump is
keeping many of his campaign promises
especially in the foreign policy area
and most notably moving the US Embassy
to Jerusalem and of course pulling out
of the Iran nuclear deal so I think that
you're starting to see Europe react to
to what is essentially the neoliberal
community and the new neoliberal policy
come to an end and that's that's due to
the Trump effect you know alex is
staying with you I agree he's keeping
his campaign promises and he doesn't
care about the consequences Marc talk
about that because you said when we had
when we're going back to the Iraq war
there where France and Germany were
hesitant agreed with the Russians now we
see agreement with Russia even more so
is this a diplomatic opening for Russia
yeah because I mean Merkel is gone to
Sochi twice recently just just like
during the
years Russia will of course make take
any opportunity to find room between
Europe and the United States that has
always been its policy it understands
that it's room for manoeuvre is you know
that it can make this crack widen is
extremely limited well I mean we have
the Iran and the Iran deal and we have
energy which is very important to the
German and and Europe this is the the
biggest news in the last week is that
Trump is waging an economic trade war on
the world at this point they're they're
they're launching a war of tariffs
against China they've launched tariffs
against eel and other things against
South Korea they're their ally in the
Pacific they've dropped out of the
trans-pacific partnership something that
I actually agree with but they've
they've put new sanctions sanctions
after sanctions after sanctions on
Russia they've renewed sanctions on Iran
and promised to go further North Korea
Syria now they're threatening sanctions
in two ways against Europe and the first
way is over the Iran deal right which
the EU is is bringing up a 1996 blocking
statute to vainly try to combat and the
other way is they're attempting to now
dictate the --use energy policy and
energy security saying if Germany
completes the Nord Stream to pipeline
with Russia that it will it will
possibly enact sanctions the same
sanctions against Russia against EU
culprits let's remind our audience or
the rationale because Trump wants them
to bother Europeans I buy American them
an offer they can't refuse look I think
it's another case of chicken coming home
to roost that this program we discussed
several times that this campaign against
Trump after his election and even before
his election it reminded us of the
campaigns against the vilified dictators
so-called dictators in Ukraine you know
in Syria in Iraq then it was used
against Trump against the American
president in the same way the war of
sanctions which the United States has
been way
against Russia against other countries
now it is turning against Europe you
know something that you never expected
to happen they thought it would be used
against other people now it's used
against them so that's a very
interesting moment you know Alex Dima
brings up a really good point because
what has happened here is the European
Union is essentially left itself
defenseless it really has very few
options because it never expected it
would be this kind of breach that would
face them go ahead Alex yeah and and and
I think he's right because let's face it
the EU pinned itself into its into it
into a corner to its own little box and
let's not also forget you have a lot of
dynamics outside of Trump that are that
are leading to a lot of chaos within the
EU and NATO you have Turkey which is
which is very iffy on its alliance with
NATO and the West now you have an EU
which is very divided internally from
north to south and Eastern Europe to
Western Europe so you have a lot of
dynamics which are causing a lot of
chaos for the for the leaders in
Brussels and Trump is is gonna play on
that and I think also Russia will play
on that well that's very interesting
because there is very little unity right
now within the European Union and Russia
is always complained that it doesn't
know who to speak to in the European
Union because they're not unified well
we have it in spades now yeah I think
the EU will wait Donald Trump out be
that two years four years eight years I
think we've seen this but I'm far more
worried about the internal stresses
within the European Union the election
of a have a joint far-right far-left
government in Italy noises of dissent in
Hungary and Poland do you really think
the Europeans can wait that long
it seems to me it seems to me that the
midterm elections in November in the
United States will send an indication of
what the European they may wait a few
months I don't think they can wait years
this EU blocking statute is interest
it's a 1996 provision meant to be used
to protect European companies from the
u.s. blockade on Cuba so what it's going
to do is it's going to ban EU companies
supposedly from recognize from obeying
the rule though it's impossible to judge
or enforce and
it bans European courts from recognizing
decisions against companies because of
these sanctions and it will open up the
European Investment Bank but German
officials have already admitted they
can't protect European companies this is
an outdated measure they don't know how
to update it the Russian Duma is
actually dealing with a nearly identical
provision to forbid Russian companies
from recognizing sanctions against
Russia and they're not having much luck
with it either but these are the
European companies that already
announced that they're pulling out of
Iran total the French energy giant
Mayer's tankers the Danish shipping
giant Alliance the German insurance
company Daniela the Italian steel
manufacturer and China and Russia are
joining to very much because that's
exactly watching to step in and swoop up
there before we go to the break there
are plenty of players who'll that will
fill the breach here only this is why
sanctions are is a section or a blunt
weapon yes this will not achieve policy
objectives go ahead basically it's a
Boomer on you know these sanctions are a
boomerang but I agree with mark that
this 1996 measure is outdated precisely
because the EU achieved its aim
everything is now digitalized you cannot
escape control there is no more banking
secret in the you the EU officials have
recognized that about three three months
ago that you cannot keep your
information your bank information secret
it's on the record in the United States
and in the West globally I'm afraid the
EU sanctions are gonna make a masochist
out of me I love them
sanction Russia some more sex makes more
baby but this is really gets down to its
law it's law fair it's law fair now
everyone is involved in law fair the
Americans perfected it now everyone's
going to play the same game go ahead
yeah I mean it's it's interesting to see
that you know practically speaking if
companies do business with Iran they may
get punished by the US if they don't do
business with Iran they're going to get
punished by the
you of course we're not going to see a
lot of that happen but practically
speaking if you look at the blocking
statute that's pretty much what it says
so it's it's absolute chaos okay well
you know what in Alex I'm gonna go to
the break here but you know everyone
gets penalized and then the Russians and
the Chinese come in and fill the breach
they get paid okay again the law of
unintended consequences gentlemen gonna
jump in here we're gonna go to a short
break and after that short break we'll
continue our discussion on some real
news stay with arty welcome back to
crosstalk where all things are
considered a computer lab eltra module
discussing some real news
okay mark I want to go back to a story
that is unfinished and I don't know if
we'll ever be finished the scripts in
the UK oh yeah exactly because it's
dropped off the pages here I mean this
is a story that will never end do you
think we'll ever hear from the two
principals again I don't know and one of
the reasons is that according to members
of prominent members of the British
press
they have been issued orders from the
government not to report on certain
details of the scribbles affair what
exactly those details are where those
details might lead and what did the
British government their default
position would be it it is to defend
national security interests is that it
is that a viable defense well I think
there's to be that they're using it the
the argument that British national
security is threatened if British media
questions the British government's own
narrative about what happened and looks
into details of this case does seem a
little far-fetched to me well it seems
peculiar to me as well because um it's C
you know there's they're defending
something that they care that hasn't
been explained in another country
another country they might call it
blatant censorship okay how do you look
at this well because it was the biggest
story in the news and now it's hardly
there and there's been an enormous
amount of damage done as a result oh if
we compare it to the Litvinenko case
which started exactly 12 years ago the
Litvinenko case was much better staged
at least there were photos of him in the
hospital
there are even interviews with him even
though controlled by some people around
very softly by Lorde well who was their
PR manager but now we don't have the
photos of the screep house in the
hospital they were both discharged from
the hospital
allegedly after touching this terrible
nerve agent which just kills all the
human beings around himself in there in
the radius of one mile there somehow
miraculously alive but they don't give
press conferences they don't answer
question answer questions they don't
meet the British press that
free British press which somehow could
not enter the hospital Dean I mean the
score of script let's make sure
supposedly nova chuck density score is
nova chuck zero humans three absolutely
because even though supposedly there is
no cure
according to Britain's own leadings I
don't forget about those key guinea pigs
and cats jump in your go ahead and let's
not forget that the most disturbing part
of all of this is that you had a Russian
citizen denied access to speak with with
the Russian embassy
so I mean you see a blatant disregard
for international law a blatant
disregard for for diplomacy and
international diplomacy you had Russian
citizens who who were who were in
trouble in a foreign country and the UK
government denied the embassy access to
Ullaeus crippled and now you're gonna
have two people essentially disappear I
mean no one's gonna know where they're
gonna be taken to where they're gonna go
they're just gonna be vanished off the
face so that's what we both know we
don't know whether you Leo Scorpio wants
to talk to our family and that's the
Russian you know and to be fair here I
think it is incumbent upon the British
government to be a little bit more
transparent about their decision-making
process because this is a huge story of
public interest
they were implications of the alleged
poisoning and the alleged perpetrator
there have been political facts created
in the ground and I think it's that's
why we need to know more and we need
more transparency well I mean they also
promised to give Yulia a new identity so
it's not just does she want one do we
know that we don't owe nobody
interviewed her this is the problem you
know there has been a statement issued
by the British police supposedly on her
behalf obviously not using her own words
in command of the English without a
single signature without anything so
imagine you're me as a Russian citizen
coming to the UK and then someone very
wise takes me tells everyone oh this guy
was poisoned by RT propaganda he needs
treatment he needs a new identity the
Russian embassy can talk to him so
that's you know there is a precedent for
a similar thing happening
okay gentlemen let's change the Ross
first the the international community
the Western democracy would be outraged
if there would be hashtags free Ullaeus
cripple change gears here I mean I
wanted to do this story earlier but it's
still going on here the the massacres
are going on in in in Gaza we don't we
had a UN resolution of the Security
Council it was vetoed by the United
States to look into an investigation and
what happened there one of the reasons
why I'm bringing up the story is because
I think again Western media shamelessly
did not cover the story with it the the
accuracy and maybe morality that it was
needed basically saying it was a
conflict of equal measure okay no one
side had snipers and one other side had
no guns had banners and flags we had an
awesome here and there's there's this
moral equivalence there is no immoral
equivalence there mark yeah the the
Western media and this is how propaganda
is done universally almost universally
discussed this Massacre and then it was
a massacre when you have 60 some people
killed on one side in 2400 possibly I've
seen that number of injured on one side
and 0 that 0 injured on the other that
is not clashes that is a massacre and we
continually had the use of the passive
sense Palestinians died people died in
clashes no they were killed the Israeli
regime the Zionist regime in control of
Israel and much of Palestine killed 60
people an open fire killing medics women
children marking I have a sense on
english-language international
television you're one of the few people
individuals that have ever said anything
of that magnitude about this Massacre
this proves my point okay because they
still have stormy Daniels and we have
Trump call
drug gangs from South El Salvador
animals that gets the headlines not a
massacre innocent people I mean I can
give you already several examples when
the death of dozens of people illegal
deaths of thousands of people did not
matter to the to the Western press not
was thirty three policemen killed in
Kiev during the so-called peaceful
protests against Yanukovych thirty two
policemen killed no not a single word
about them you know in the British way
or in the American press after President
Yanukovych was ousted they said that he
fled in the middle of the night after
having three to thirty two policemen
killed yes he fled right I would say
also sorry
then sixty Syrian soldiers killed by
American Aviation by mistake near Deir
Ezzor and there was an apology yes a
year ago an apology which you know
however was kind of continued by
American interference in Syria then now
we have 60 something Palestinians killed
and again this is not so important as
you know the opening of the new embassy
which was happening at that very moment
or maybe the marriage the royal marriage
in the UK these are more important
events than that illegal death of 660
people you know Alexander I'm glad the
Dima brought that up I mean we're
basically in in real-time we have the
opening of the American Embassy in
Jerusalem against international law and
UN resolutions and we you have basically
a split screen okay clashes whether or
not clashes it's a massacre and then we
have this opening of the American
Embassy with all smiles and all of that
here what kind of message is that
sending to me the Western media is
sending a message of impunity you could
break international law and and not be
called on it because if we look at look
at the the legal writing at the United
Nations under Security Council
resolutions we're not making it up here
these are facts okay and then
whitewashing a massacre in gap in Gaza
what does that say about
western media and maybe Western policy
in general it impunity a hypocrisy Dima
mentioned it and I'll go even further
you know when you had staged chemical
attacks in Syria the United States was
about to go to war and here you had 60
people killed by a sniper fire I mean
let that sink in this is not you know
indiscriminate rifle fire just being
sprayed everywhere these are soldiers
who are sitting you know in a position
and they're and they're picking off
people and they're picking off not
journalists and they're picking off kids
doctors not Djoser's
medics on the ground of reported not
only they snipers they were using
butterfly bullets that are designed to
fragment inside the body to do as much
internal damage as Bob's this is not a
wartime environment this is not a men
this is this as a civilians are being
targeted here not military and back into
the papal barracks go ahead Alex jump in
in Cyprus go ahead quickly if I could
just say the the media quickly blamed it
all on Hamas saying oh well why did
Hamas bring children into this protest
why do they push children towards the
Israeli borders I mean it's it's it's
absolutely sickening to think about it
that they're that they're pinning the
blame on all of this on Hamas bringing
children into the line of fire my view
if you vote for a political party if
you're a member of a political party
that the Western governments I don't
like Hamas myself right any more than I
like the Zionist regime in control of
Israel but if you belong to a political
party that was elected democratically
that they don't like they have the right
to Massacre you did you know that that's
the twisted logic here so let's not
forget that Hamas is just the
Palestinian branch of the Muslim
Brotherhood which the United States
supported in Egypt in Syria in a lot of
other places the United States almost
legitimize the Muslim Brotherhood so
when when the Muslim so did Israel by
trying to break up but they wanted to
have an alternative to it and this is
what they got so again Israel if you
every single foreign policy initiative
they've taken almost and since their
existence backfires on them okay Hamas
is the latest one oh we could talk about
as
Paula as well it wasn't there before the
invasion illegal invasion of Lebanon so
you know again the law of unintended
consequences please look you know when
the Muslim Brotherhood went against the
Syrian government of mr. Assad in 2011
they were legitimized by the Western
press you know they were just democracy
fighters when they went against the
government of Israel then you can kill
60 people and they won't even blink you
know so it's it's hypocrisy it's
hypocrisy at its peak you know but the
interesting thing is we're gonna have to
end on this note here I'm going to take
a heritage from Alex Christopher whether
we have in Cyprus here you can disagree
with all the things that Donald Trump is
doing but he's keeping his word to his
base in his campaign I've never seen a
president in my lifetime keep his word
on things that I'm very much against
something at least he's consistent
that's all the time we have gentlemen
many thanks to my guests here in Moscow
and in Cyprus this is the end of our
broadcast segment stay with us for the
extended version on our youtube channel
see you next time and remember cross
sub-goals okay now for the extended
version of our program we have political
potpourri
deema you're up to bat first well the
Huffington Post raised panic
you know this week they published the
so-called government contract of the two
winning Italian parties the five star
movement which is it switches which is a
leftist party and the league is a
conservative rightist party
they're called poopie lists and all
kinds of bad names in Europe but if you
look at their programs they are saying
pretty sensible things you know so what
that government contract said was that
they're going to push for lifting the
sanctions on Russia I don't see anything
populist or stupid about that they're
pushing for asking the European Union to
write off the debt at least for 250
billion euros let me remind you that
Italy actually owes two trillion euros
to to the EU and they're pushing for
putting more people in jail for thefts
and for other crimes which are no we
didn't see that Christ look at the
election results and I found it really
quite fascinating is that I don't see it
as a hard moving hard to the right hard
to the left what I see is an abandonment
of the liberal neoliberal Center this is
yet people are walking away from
hello Brussels this is continuing here
okay you know these two parties the five
star and League they got the votes of
more than 50% of Italian voters five
stars 37% the league about 17 percent
then Silvio Berlusconi demonized by all
the you press has got about 17% with his
a foreword Italy movement so basically
the Italian electorate has rejected the
European mainstream exactly and and what
happens is that immediately after the
publication of that contract
the American ambassador summoned to the
political leaders of Italy to his
residence in Rome to be disciplined and
started saying that actually you don't
suffer from sanctions on Russia your
trade with Russia is growing well thanks
for not saying that they said
drums if it is growing plant you mention
that I make and I would just want to
throw this out here before we go to mark
here and said brexit isn't an anomaly
Trump is an anomaly if hungry isn't
anomaly with political forces in Greece
not an anomaly what's happening in
Poland not an anomaly that the the
status quo people better wake it's black
it's blowback go ahead go back to the
liberal policies and it said this far
left and the far right they're looking
for a new center because the EU
neoliberal technocratic Center that
turned the EU into a nation state and
national identity deconstruction machine
was done over the heads of the European
people now not one European voted for
the project cuz it was never a vote for
that project here mark you want a new
topic
yeah just briefly back on the the whole
affair with the Palestinians Israel and
Hamas now let me reiterate again I am no
particular big fan of Hamas I I dislike
their Islamist politics as Dima said
close their stance on Syria brother I
very much weight that when they turned
on Syria the one government in the world
that was actually doing something to
help the Palestinian people the only
Arab government for sure but you know
again I don't dislike them any more than
I like dislike the you know the
authoritarian apartheid government in in
that you know is ruling over Israel and
much of Palestine and part of Syria and
Golan Heights South Africa was the moral
voice of the world in the last week they
know apartheid and they withdrew their
ambassador from both Israel and the
heart of the problem the United States
in the United States the best reporting
on this was done by the satirical
website the onion mourning the damage
done to the wall and also I think it was
the onion is that Netanyahu is talking
about returning to Israel's
ancient lands called called Iraq and
Iran the the New York Daily News a
tabloid which called for which had a
headline with daddy's little ghoul
showing Ivanka Trump smiling as these 60
people were killed as she was opening
the the new US Embassy branded embassy
but in Gaza two-thirds of the people in
Gaza are refugees they are people who
have been driven out of Palestine out of
their own lands
through a slow methodical unquestionable
policy of ethnic cleansing have to be a
settlement and an isolation or children
and is it any wonder we talked about you
know doing radical things to spur
terrorism it's Syria elsewhere
there were that's really happening is in
Israel they are push in Palestine they
are the Israeli government is repeatedly
ethnic cleansing and pushing people to
any type of resistance right so they can
mow the grass again Alex let's go back
to Cyprus here are Russia Russia Russia
sure / so give us an update we have we
the mole the mole has been identified go
ahead the mole the informant okay laura
ingraham last week pretty much outed the
person who has been the talk of
washington DC as the as the mole who was
inside the Trump campaign feeding
information to the FBI in in between
Laura Ingraham shouting of this person
Zero Hedge red states and other Wall
Street Journal's Wall Street Journal Ian
concern also identified identified the
person with near certainty as being a
Stephon helper and he's an American
citizen but also professor in the UK and
he was from from what it seems the whole
Russia Russia Russia the whole Russia
gay narrative seems to be a set up from
the beginning and here you had according
to the New York Times this is the New
York Times reporting on this of course
they piggybacked off of the Daily Caller
which did an excellent job of pretty
much breaking the whole story down
but the New York time its times explains
that helper contacted Papadopoulos who
was the 28 year old foreign advisor to
trump and Papadopoulos being greek was
was it expert in in in mediterranean gas
dispute really yes Greece Cyprus and
Turkey and so you had helper contact
Papadopoulos and say you know and I'm
gonna quote the New York Times article
the informant offered a three thousand
dollar honorarium to Papadopoulos for
the paper and paid a trip to London
where the two could meet and discuss the
research so halper baited Papadopoulos
to get to london where in london
Papadopoulos met with alexander downing
the now infamous australian diplomat who
fed information about Papadopoulos
talking about the russians hacking into
Hillary's email to the FBI which later
kicked off much of the Russia collusion
narrative so here you have a complete
what appears to be a complete set of
Trump campaign yeah well what it is what
it is overall gentlemen it is the fruit
from the poisoned tree
okay it was a scam from the very very
beginning and they and it was all done
pre-planned they looking for entrapment
and that's what they've got the
interesting thing here Dima is that I'm
not surprised this type of thing happens
what is surprising and what is really
scary is that this is the state doing it
against your political opponents
absolutely and this is infinitely bigger
than Watergate okay but will we see the
corporate liberal media react I doubt it
okay margin actually we if we're
realistic we can see that two persons
can get punished for all of this Michael
Flynn Flynn for talking to the Russian
ambassador I think you will be the first
citizen of any country being punished
for talking to a foreign ambassador
after the wife of motive who was
punished by started for talking to
israel's ambassador in 1909 right and
and the second person is Paul Manafort
who had nothing to do with the American
or the Russian election who actually did
some fraud during the Ukrainian
elections tell me about the United
States not interfering in Ukrainian
elections you know so these are the two
persons who can actually be punished are
you topical let you finish it off there
is strong evidence that um a Flynn
didn't even lie okay okay and that was
the takeaway from from the FBI no I mean
they they leaned on Flynn hard and they
leaned on him and they pretty much
destroyed his life I mean they destroyed
his reputation they destroyed his life
and and really whatever Flynn did had
nothing to do with Russia or Trump it
had to do with consulting with Turkey so
there was there was no collusion or no
connection to Trump from the get-go but
you do have is you have a set up front
get-go okay and collusion is not a crime
mark is gonna finish off the program
here what how much longer are we gonna
listen to Russia Russia Russia longer
Facebook has now partnered with the NATO
who I'm glad you mention think-tank
councils the wreck forensics laboratory
research to they will act as the
guardians of truth or a truth ministry
over Facebook these are the ones that
falsely just recently falsely identified
citizens as an Australian citizen Syrian
girl partisan and Ian Shelley are they
real people Ott's
or Kremlin trolls and that will be the
ones you know telling you what's true
and what's not on face no you know and
it can finish on this point that's why
people need to watch this program
because you will get the truth here
alright we'll see you next week and
remember crosstalk rolls
