the United Nations Human Rights councils
voted to launch an international probe
into the mass deaths of Palestinians on
the Israeli Gaza border Washington
condemned the resolution though with us
envoi to the UN nikki Haley suggesting
the International Organization has more
important issues to deal with at a time
when Venezuela lurches through a
dictatorship Iran imprisons thousands of
political opponents and ethnic cleansing
has taken place in Burma the UN
so-called Human Rights Council has
decided to launch an investigation into
a democratic countries legitimate
defense of its own border against
terrorist attacks it is another shameful
day for Human Rights recent protests in
Gaza have seen 58 killed according to
the Palestinian health ministry with
Israel facing international condemnation
President aired one of Turkey brandied
Israel's actions a genocide against the
Palestinians Iranian president Hassan
rouhani cult reunited Muslim front to
stop what he called Israeli crimes and
the rallies continued Friday with
thousands gathering at the border fence
to condemn deaths there from Monday that
was when the US had formally moved its
embassy in Israel to Jerusalem both
Israelis and Palestinians have
long-standing statehood bids for the
city
well these rarely are we commented via
Twitter on the recent clashes saying
that its troops operated in accordance
with the rules of engagement which
include firing live rounds quote
selectively according to the UN Human
Rights Council three and a half thousand
Palestinians have been wounded by live
ammunition
since major violence broke out at the
border on March 30th
this week's Gaza violence was fueled on
Tuesday by the anniversary of Al Nakba
that's a day that symbolizes the
displacement of the Palestinian people
and the creation of Israel we spoke to a
Palestinian who witnessed the day the
first Jewish settlers arrived and the
rise of violence that followed in the
region
Phylis Canion the number of palestinians
killed or injured and israelis is
horrifying most of them are civilians
who have nothing to do with any military
organization they just want justice and
to return to their ancestral lands which
are occupied by Israel they want the
world to know about their fight for
justice the protesters were unarmed
if the Israeli army had not reacted so
disproportionately there could have been
some form of agreement people would have
just gone home all the decisions on the
Palestinian problem were made long ago
and are enshrined in UN resolutions if
Israel agrees to comply with them there
will be peace in Palestine
