the European Union is committed to
mitigating the impact of US sanctions on
European businesses and taking steps to
maintain the growth of trade and
economic relations between the EU and
Iran that began when sanctions were
lifted
here's our T smart guess TF with a
closer look at the souring relations
between the US and the EU and the latest
move by Brussels no arguing with it
America and Europe had something special
a relationship unlike any other they did
everything together
condemned rogue regimes slapped naughty
countries with sanctions heck they even
bombed who they wanted together we have
a very strong relationship with our
friends and partners our friends in the
US administration we have a really great
relationship close friends a life and
this is this very special relationship
this is us almost too good to be true
and it seems it was money Trump's all
now that America has unilaterally pulled
out of the nuclear deal with Iran it
could start sanctioning European states
companies that haven't that do business
with Iran
EU leaders Merkel Mac on others tried to
change Trump's mind with love
congratulations are actually great
victory
thank you thank you very much
thank you thank you except love has
nothing on money
Europeans are facing American sanctions
that's not very nice is it not something
friends would do looking at the latest
decisions of presidents Trump someone
could even think with friends like that
who needs enemies Europe has had enough
they stand to lose cash because of
America and they won't let that happen
as the European Commission we have the
duty to protect European companies so we
now need to act and this is why we're
launching the process of activating the
blocking statute from 1996 but Europe is
doing is using a statute initially
developed to circumvent Washington's
trade embargo on Cuba the law basically
protects European states from laws or
sanctions implemented outside of Europe
you can see a political resolution look
at America's new ambassador to Germany
hours after being confirmed he threatens
German companies as Donald Trump said US
sanctions will target critical sectors
of Iran's economy German companies doing
business in Iran should wind down
operations immediately my advice after a
long ambassadorial career explain your
country's policies and Lobby the host
country but never tell the host country
what to do if you want to stay out of
trouble Germans are eager to listen but
they will resent instructions Trump's
bully-boy
tactics haven't gone down well in Europe
the block is finally showing its teeth
so the new defendant says what we defend
on this subject as on others is a
trading sovereignty of Europe and what
we demand to be exempted without any
conditions and limits it all knows that
you want kanou-kun wait what do we want
to be vassals that would abate blindly
to what Americans tell me or do we want
us Europeans to say
the economic interests and we want to
have economic relations with wrong what
can you say every relationship has its
bumps it's just that some bumps and then
divorce
we should not overestimate the
importance of trade with Iran under as a
whole with Europe this is a matter that
might be very crucial to specific
smaller companies that for example have
a large part of their trade with Iran I
mean the the big companies of course
they're going to choose for the for the
better and there's going to say our
interests lie more with the US now with
Iran and they're going to not risk these
kind of sanctions what the real impact
is going to be that remains to be seen
we should not forget that the EU on
political on foreign policy issues it
has always been strong on words on
symbols but not that much on real
implementation
