8:00 a.m. the school went into lockdown
people heard shots in the hallway we are
confirming that 10 people are dead as a
result of a shooting at Santa Fe High
School which is roughly 30 miles south
of Houston Texas we understand that at
this point
two people are in police custody one of
them is alleged to be the shooter or the
suspect who carried out the shooting the
other it's not clear who that person is
but there is a second person that has
been detained now we are getting reports
that the shooter is being identified as
a male 17 years old and a student at the
school these are some of the people that
were there at Santa Fe High School when
the shooting began everybody just
started running outside and next thing
you know everybody looks in the you hear
boom nearest boids so he can hide that
called my mom we all took off in the
back and I grabbed her and ran to the
trees to spew no I don't wanna be in
sight and then I heard four more shots
and then we jumped the fence on some
dudes house and then we ran to the car
wash I saw some girl she had a you know
she got shot the kneecap I guess and she
had a bandage around it's just limping
and then firemen came and got her it was
it was scary I didn't know what to think
you know my everything shot up my heart
started beating real fast I didn't know
what to do when the school has been
evacuated and as it was being searched
the authorities found items that they
thought were possibly explosive devices
and it has now been determined by the
Bureau of Alcohol firearms and tobacco
which is on the scene that indeed these
were explosive devices in just four
weeks ago Santa Fe High School students
had taken part in the National School
walkout against gun violence that's
according to photos they were tweeted by
one of the students on Twitter and in
these pictures pupils can be seen
holding posters with the words never
again and never again campaign was
launched in February this year it
advocates tighter gun control
regulations in order to prevent gun
violence the campaign was started by the
survivors of the Parkland school
shooting that was the third deadliest
school shooting in US history but
they've become something of a
whirring trend of light
