why do you think we need this kind of
law we have a strong transatlantic
friendship which have gone through a lot
of different periods and we will
continue this friendship this friendship
is not threatened we also have the
strategic interest of having a good
relationship with Russia a good
relations with Russia even in the most
difficult times I've always said that
russia-nato council continues to operate
that the European Union always continues
its contacts with Russia it's important
to continue the dialogue our civil
societies need to stay in touch in the
Russia Germany relations on different
levels can send the test of
disagreements because if we want to
solve problems we need to continue to
talk and have this dialogue and there
are certain things that where we're
United
so yes of course we can discuss other
subjects to where we disagree so when we
talked a lot about each other we also
need to find ways to talk to each other
and that's one of the most important
elements of our cooperation so I think
that's just like an important time for
us to meet now now if you'll allow me
I'll start with the first place we need
to link the development of our relations
with our relational relations with third
countries as I said Germany is one of
the key trade and economic partners with
Russia we had about 80 billion US
dollars of trade turnover couple of
years ago it started to grow right now
it's about 1500 x' of thousands of jobs
depend on our cooperation both here in
Russia and in Germany
now he started to buy german goods
greater volume this is how we support
german jobs what about cooperation what
about joint ventures it's thousands of
joint ventures that's a strong
contribution to improving lives on both
sides of the border and even the most
challenging times we never lost our
contact life is moving forward seeing
the opportunities and you cannot resolve
old problems with our dialogue that
obvious this is why Russian German ties
have their own relationship has their
own meaning asked for the law that you
meant draft law that is being debated at
the State Duma mark the Russian
parliament I agree with you we need to
come up with a balanced response MPs in
Russia and MPs in your country are often
driven by emotions that's for the law
itself the U does have a similar law and
Brussels made a statement recently and
they want intensify this legislation to
protect their interests from the so
called that transporter sanctions from
the US so I don't think it will be
strange the Russia passes a similar law
but I agree with you must be a balanced
one
it shouldn't deliver any blow to our own
economy and to our partners who've been
operating conscientiously here in Russia
and I'm sure that that's the way it will
be and as you might have heard the
parliament delays the passing of the
bill and it will consult the governments
and the governor's just been shaved
spicy butter thank you very much my name
is a gay petrenko RT hello my question
is for both leaders traditionally you
discussed the situation in Ukraine and
in this current state is it necessary to
go back to the Normandy for
communication at the top level as soon
as possible
have you discussed today a possible date
for the next meeting of the four leaders
when it could happen and also about the
situation in Ukraine miss miracle this
there is a very dangerous precedent in
this country a violation of freedom of
speech head of the RIA Novosti Ukraine
News Agency was arrested and I would
like to communicate speaking for all
Russian journalists maybe you could use
your influence over the Kiev authorities
and to make sure that he's released and
make sure that they don't do that again
I'm talking about Kira Levinsky and mr.
Putin maybe you can also address the
authorities in Kiev now first about the
Normandy format as I said it's important
to to resolve the situation in the
southeast of Ukraine Russia's stands
ready to continue working this format we
believe it's very important and as of
today there's no alternative to it we
didn't discuss a particular date where
we talked about such possibility
top-level summit needs to be prepared
and our colleagues are working on it we
have advisors and the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs of working on it asked
for assignment of journalists so I agree
with you
he's been charged with treason for the
fact that he just be formed his duties
his professional duties it's absurd I
hadn't seen anything like that for a
long time that's extraordinary now we
discussed this and we touched upon other
issues that we've been facing in Ukraine
but I will don't want to go deeper into
it
of course the Normandy format at the top
level could meet but it has to be
prepared very well so that there are
results that's where for Foreign
Ministries already began to work on that
the newly appointed foreign minister of
Germany and the Russian Foreign Minister
they're already they're already working
on that and they will also talk about
the UN mission and their mandate in
Ukraine so that this issue could be
discussed at the Security Council level
that would be something that the leaders
of the countries would also discuss but
it has to be we we have to have
something to talk about and we need to
the we need progress we need an action
plan so the situation that we have right
now is not satisfactory as far as your
concerns about the journalists of course
I will discuss this with the Ukrainian
president when I meet with him and I
will talk about this case the Russian
journalists are arrested here and they
can't do their job and that is also a
concern for us AP
on top here Germany accept it over
700,000 Syrian refugees and most of them
probably want to go back to Syria do you
have any kind of signal from your
Russian partners that Russia will use
its influence over Syria to make sure
that the political process would be
resumed and mr. president one more
question about Sergei is crippled who
has been discharged from the hospital
today
can you talk what you think about what
you think about it and what do you think
about the investigation which seems
difficult from the diplomatic standpoint
it's like I said we have discussed Syria
and the situation in Syria and we
support the UN initiative to start the
constitutional processes process and
there were signals yesterday from the
Astana group and from the from from
Sochi that the representative would be
appointed we need a political process we
need to start the political process and
we want to help that process I expressed
our concern over the order number 10 in
Syria if people do not claim their
property within a certain time frame
they will lose it and that's bad news
for people who want to go back to Syria
at some point and we will talk more
about that and more detail and we'll ask
Russia to use its influence over the
Syrian authorities in to ask Assad not
to do that because that would be very
serious barrier for Refugees if they
want to go back first-first possibly
your question if you take the areas that
have been liberated
by the Syrian government army we see a
lot of people that are coming back even
to die take Eastern guter some people
transported to idli Provence thanks to
our military police efforts and right
now these people say they want to go
back home so we're seeing that thousands
of people are coming back well all we
need to we need to do politicize the
process at delivering humanitarian aid
and to restore the national economy if
you want refugees to go back home they
need to waive the restrictions on
delivering humanitarian aid to the
government-controlled areas how would
people come back if everything's
destroyed there Syria doesn't have the
means to restore it they are very much
limited so if the new wants people to go
back home it needs to help Syria to
restore its economy and to provide real
communitarian Aid and to deploy to size
this process
it's my deep conviction take Raqqa
everything is destroyed it's in ruins
and people continue to die because of
mines and there's still bodies lying
there how could people return home so we
need to gather think about it and we
need to work jointly on
now back to the screen pal case I got it
from the media reports that he covered
his vintage released from the hospital
and it's good be happy that he's out of
hospital and I've got several ideas
related to it now if there was a
military-grade nerve agent who was used
as the UK says he would have died on the
spot a military-grade nerve agent was so
strong that a person could die
immediately within several seconds maybe
several minutes luckily his recovered
he's out of the hospital and I hope he
will be as for the investigation we've
proposed it several times to UK
counterparts to assist to them and we
asked them to take us on board there
have been no response
but our proposal is still on the table
and the last question from the Russian
media last place mr. Putin you said that
you've discussed the unit you know you
know rattle withdrawal from the Iranian
nuclear deal mrs. Merkel the secondary
Iran sanctions will affect not just the
Russian but also European countries what
kind of measures will you be
implementing to protect your companies
and continuing with the sanctions we
know that mr. Trump said that Nordstrom
- contradicts the European interests and
he threatens to impose sanctions on
companies who will be working on that
project introduced anxious yes
introduced sanctions and what is your
prognosis for this project
and the same question for Miss Merkel as
well
Europe as has its context with Iran and
we are trying to convince Iran to honor
this deal because it guarantees more
control and more security and Iran
stated that it will continue to stay
loyal to this agreement we heard that
from the IAEA maybe companies that want
to invest in Iran might not be able to
do that we are discussing this in
Brussels but we shouldn't be have any
illusions we are not going to go in to
have any major compensations these are
economic decisions that the companies
make but we think that it will benefit
Iran to stay in this deal because this
is this deal was discussed at the UN
Security Council so it has a
international foundation so it will be
good and useful for Iran to say that
they will continue to honor this deal no
not stream to project was discussed as I
said as part of other energy projects as
part of our bilateral cooperation we
have a multi-dimensional collaboration
and again it goes back decades it's been
very successful so far the u.s. stance
on not Stream is has been known to us
well that's a rare fact so when the
current administration has the same
position that the
bomb administration had so there's some
strange continuity we believe that there
are a couple of reasons first they
support Ukrainian this way Ukraine
doesn't want to develop relationship
with us but they get the money from the
transit dates three billion US dollars
and so they want us to supply money to
Ukraine well we're not against it and as
I said we're ready to keep transit
flowing from Ukraine if we see economic
viability now we can see if we had talks
and we're ready for those talks so the
North stream of two projects can be used
to deliver a gas to Germany but not also
to Germany on that the UK and Norway are
seeing falling production volumes both
the youth countries are seeing a higher
demand amid falling production but
Donald Trump it's not just the US
president but he's also been a solid
interpreter a solid businessman so he's
been trying to promote the interests of
US producers trying to push for the
sales of US shale gas is it possible yes
but it's thirty percent increase in
prices so it's the 30 percent more
expensive than Russian pipeline gas
that's flowing to Ukraine so they build
LNG terminals in Europe but so they owe
their load is only 30 percent it's
economically not viable it's not
feasible it's too expensive but I do
understand the u.s. president he'd
protects the interests of his businesses
he wants to
promotes us made products but it depends
on us it depends on the partners in
Europe the project is open for any
parties to join it not only those who
are taking part in it right now from
what I know gas pumping station that is
being built in Germany we're working on
our side too we feel that it's a profit
of project for us we'll continue working
on it
thank you very much
