a stifling of free speech that's the cry
from Twitter users to news that the
messaging networks launch special
algorithms that will suppress some
accounts the recent changes are part of
a project called serving healthy
conversation it was introduced back in
March
now the algorithms will target certain
accounts based on a range of criteria
they include users who violated Twitter
rules or how often certain accounts have
been blocked by other users the changes
have raised concerns though throughout
the social media community particularly
from conservative sites laugh-out-loud
Twitter is going to start shadow banning
accounts who even follow or talk to
people who violate their Terms of
Service or a brilliant plan
so now Twitter is planning to censor any
tweets reported for abuse really no
check to see if the tweet was actually
abusive whatever that means
there are Twitter and Jack I never
complain about how you run your business
but your new hiding tweets policy has me
concerned about censorship I understand
your goal is to stop bullying but I
found a blog feature works incredibly
well for that bill Moo is a social media
privacy campaigner and a strategist at
UK cloud and very pleased to say joins
me live in the light now bill these new
algorithms it would be great to think
they could be trusted computers or don't
always get it right certainly in the
past BOTS have been fought against them
real people have ended up being banned
by Twitter so how successful do we think
this is going to be I think the
efficiency of the algorithms are part of
the concerns that people have
they've been trialing the algorithms for
some time and it's very difficult to
differentiate between people such as
myself who campaign around privacy and
freedom of speech and are therefore
passionate about worthy issues and
people who are equally passionate about
some sort of less worthy topics maybe
hate or or whatever and the algorithms
at this moment in time haven't actually
been that effective at differentiating
between the different types of passion
they can get the tone
but that's about as far as it goes the
other side of the corn obviously is the
way in which you put in due process
behind a lot of this do we know just how
transparent this is going to be in terms
of what are the rules and when people
have transgressed cuz there will be
fears that there will be some
suppression of people because of perhaps
political views this is all what I'm
talking about in terms of due process at
this moment in time the way that the
shadow bands work is that this is put in
place as a result of an algorithm that
has identified default for some reason
or or whatever you are not informed that
you've been shadow band you are not told
why you've been shadow band you have no
right to redress there is no appeals
process unless we can have a little bit
more due process here you're actually
stifling free speech
now I'm not defending people who are
going to be bigoted or going to be our
support any core sort of hate crimes or
whatever but what we need to do is to
ensure that if social media are going to
be serious parts of our freedom of
speech arena and the the dialog that we
have as a community that we have due
process to protect freedom of speech and
that we have redress we have
transparency we put in place sensible
measures I mean the recent privacy a
exposure around Facebook and Cambridge
analytic means that social media sites
are already under pressure for potential
regulation and if Twitter don't get
their algorithms right and if they don't
put in place some sort of due process
they may find themselves facing some
sort of regulation in this form from
your experience what is the biggest
danger because at the moment on social
media as I understand that there's a lot
of hatred out there
people speaking away they probably
wouldn't do certainly face to face with
members of other members of the public
the other side of it though is if you
start censoring everything that people
say what are the biggest dangers lie
there's been a level of effectiveness in
terms of what the algorithms have picked
up so far so I don't think we want to be
unbalanced here what I think we need to
do is to
courage them to make those algorithms
more effective because we do want to
stamp out the sort of hate speech and a
lot of that the unpleasantness and the
trolling that can occur but there are
measures in place around complaints that
can lead in that direction anyway and
the algorithms are purely an automated
assistance around that if we're going to
use these algorithms though we need to
refine them to improve their accuracy
and we need to ensure that we have these
due process measures to allow people
who've possibly mistakenly been included
in the net here and in some of the
recent shadow bans there have been some
very senior bloggers some very senior
influencers on social media have been
caught up in shadow bans myself included
at intervals and we have said nothing
untoward and therefore our concern is
that without transparency without the
sort of due process and the right of
redress then I think there's going to be
a certain amount of disparate disquiet
and this may need to serve at some form
of regulation at some point and just to
pick up on that just very briefly if you
if you can't bill and isn't that the
danger I know you said there needs to be
transparency it isn't that a danger
though so much power in hands of one
company that this power could be used to
basically control social conversation if
it's touching upon some issues that they
don't want touched upon and those
conversations can quickly be banned
removed in some form or another but the
issue here is at this moment in time
they are judge jury and executioner and
if we can have some sort of due process
if they can have a little bit more
transparency at least informed people
when they are being impacted by some
sort of measures at least tell them why
the measures have been taken against
them and have some sort of appeals
process or right of redress then I think
that will go a long way towards actually
addressing many of the concerns that
people have and of course they can work
on the algorithms to approve them at the
same time but without all of that there
are real concerns around freedom of
speech here and I'm not defending a lot
of the trolling and a lot of the bigotry
that does exist in social media we do
want to stamp that out but we have to be
more effective and I think some of the
the inefficiencies in the measures and
thus of the lack of transparency and due
process are a real concern here bill
appreciate your time and your view is
very interesting bill Mew my guest
social media privacy campaigner and also
cloud strategist at UK cloud thanks Bill
you
