those kids who are here they find
themselves supported they are not alone
and this is a very big opportunity for
them to see how the other worlds lives
and what opportunities they can get from
me
these aren't ordinary kids these are
kids who live on the streets these are
kids without first certificates so just
to get here they've had to have birth
certificates they have to be somebody
for the very first time they've never
traveled out of their country before
they are representing their country at a
World Cup so we organized a World Cup
for kids that live on the streets to
change the way the street to Racine and
to change the way the street children
are treated
we have been welcomed with open arms
Russia have hosted the most vulnerable
children in the world at the street I'll
walk up I know they will host a
brilliant FIFA World Cup because they
got big hearts they know about
hospitality and they've already welcomed
the world
you
you
