hello again our Ukrainian Court has
ordered that Russian journalists could
have a schinsky be detained for two
months schinsky who's in charge of the
RIA Novosti news agency's Kyiv Bureau
was detained on Tuesday for alleged
treason he was arrested in Kiev then
transported to person a city in southern
Ukraine more than 500 kilometers from
the capital his relatives have heard
nothing though since his arrest since
keys wife Irina says that the journalist
has a medical condition and needs
medication learned about his arrest from
the internet I then contacted his driver
he told me that it happened in the car
park five people in civilian clothes
came up to him grabbed him and bundled
him into a car and left no one contacted
me no one from the Ukrainian services
have officially informed me about the
arrests more than that I haven't heard
from my husband since Monday I can get
my head around this I don't understand
what are this treason charges and what
journalism has to do with treason
well after schinsky was arrested
ukrainian security services also broke
into the offices of ria novosti ukraine
and the search is there did last more
than eight hours also the houses of
journalists working for the agency were
also searched too now there's already
been high-level condemnation against
Kiev's actions here and many
organizations are accusing the Ukrainian
government of an attack on media freedom
and also demanding wyszynski release
Human Rights Watch is also calling on
Ukrainian authorities to provide
evidence to back up its charges against
the journalists we discussed the case
with the organization's Deputy Director
for Europe and Central Asia
Rachel Denver under no circumstances
should a government be criminalizing
speech and media activities that we've
groundlessly and you Ukraine I think
this was out of line with Ukraine's
these raids and the detentions are out
of line with Ukraine's obligations to
protect media freedoms there's an
obligation to provide some kind of
transparency about what exactly is
grounding the treason charges that's an
extremely - you're serious charge that
carries a hefty prison sentence so they
better come they need to come forward
with what it is that's causing that's
grounds for this charge because we're
for RIA Novosti or having a Russian
passport or not grounds for for a treat
in charge we and other organizations
have been expressing I think more
frequently concerns about media freedoms
in Ukraine and judging him based on the
fact that there were all these website
bans last year and journalists who were
either banned or or expelled because of
the views that they project a couple of
criminal cases that are ongoing on that
you for example against motive Itsuki
and others you know based on things that
people have said or written so um I and
also there are cases of killings of
journalists that have that remain
unsolved so I think we're quite we're
more concerned than we were say last
year
you
