hello again you with our Tina let's
return to one of our top stories this
hour because a leaked draft deal between
the two Italian political parties that
are expected to form the country's
coalition government has been confirmed
to RT as authentic by one of the sides
the details of the deal still do need to
be finalised but both sides have agreed
to lift sanctions against Russia
immediately the overall tone of the
proposals in the deal have bender and
anti-eu well let's bring in an Italian
journalist Micallef oh he's looking at
this story for us - good afternoon Shima
chello
um firstly some of these proposals are
pretty controversial how realistic is it
that they could be implemented for
example removing these anti-russian
sanctions well nobody knows really but
what is important is that for the first
time a Western government will try at
least to remove those sanctions and the
message that he comes out is very strong
and clear Italy wants to be a friend of
Russia wants to be a country of peace
and cooperation and the draft of the
agreement says that Italy will remain of
course in the NATO and the United States
will remain the main ally ally but that
they want to have better relations with
with Moscow and this is something that
is really surprising but if you were
following the campaign not totally
unexpected because especially the not
only the the Northern League leader
matter salvini
always repeated that he wanted to have
good relations and that he would have
tried to lift all the sanctions against
Russia if it was in power mmm so very
well having these proposals but it mean
it doesn't need brussels agreement
doesn't it to a large extent I mean they
can strongarm Italy can't they into
doing essentially what the EU would like
or is that not the case no I mean the
sanctions are the result of an agreement
with the United States and with EU but I
guess that there is at least part of the
sanctions that can be lifted
the single government so there is a good
chance that the new government will lift
the sanctions of course you must
understand that for the Italian economy
sanctions have been very bad I mean they
are losing billions of euros every year
and nobody really understands why they
should keeping my losing money instead
of doing good business with Moscow
another proposal there Miceli was
perhaps leaving the euro to or at least
looking at the possibility of that the
market's reaction was pretty negative to
that I mean does the economy have much
to worry about as the European economy
have much to worry about with the
suggestions like that well there was a
sentence in a draft that has been
cancelled in the final version of the
draft so what basically the new
government will say to European Union is
that the European economy the European
the Italian society is facing problems
that the lot of international agreements
especially with EU as not not I wouldn't
say caused provoked but that has been
very damaging for the Italian society so
what they say is that we should tackle
those problems seriously and if it's
necessary we should also revise the
treaties including the the Maastricht
Treaty so everybody knows that to revise
the treaty is not an easy task but what
is really important in geopolitical
terms is that for the first time one of
the four big countries in Europe will
ask with - to revise these treaties and
to have a better policy in your own
European Union is a major breakthrough
that I guess is carrying very much
Brussels and also the linic I suppose
and I suppose finally Miceli there will
be other countries in the looking on
with interest because they've got
concerns about their own economies -
whether it's French farmers or perhaps
German car makers with sanctions do you
think people will be looking at
Italy just to see how they get on and
potentially they could afford similar
proposals themselves yes yes of course
this is what the brussels really fear I
mean it's Italy successful other
countries will be ready to ask for the
same kind of attitude from other
countries look what's happening in
Hungary in Austria in Poland in also in
Germany where the result was not that
good for the establishment so there is a
mood in Europe where voters will ask for
want to have better conditions and a
more fair attitude from Europe and I
guess Italy can be the case to to
implement to at least force Brussels to
consider those those new measures new
attitudes and of course other countries
I guess we'll be ready to follow watch I
like really nice to talk to you we have
to leave you there there that was so
much really for Italian journalists
thank you
