the European Union has launched an
action plan to keep the Iran nuclear
deal alive after the u.s. pulled out of
the agreement it includes
countermeasures to protect European
firms who trade with Iran from sanctions
and the President of the European
Council Donald Tusk had some harsh words
for the u.s. leader looking at the
latest decisions of presidents Trump
someone could even think with friends
like that who needs enemies but frankly
speaking Europe should be grateful by
President Trump he has made us realized
that if you need a helping hand you will
find one at the end of your arm it's not
just being Donald Tusk that's being well
handing out the zingers towards Donald
Trump we heard Angela Merkel speaking in
the Bundestag on Wednesday she was well
it was part of her budgetary address
where she sets out where she sees her
government right now and where it stands
and she took part of that speech to
directly look at the transatlantic
relationship and she said that you rip
right now finds itself at a crossroads
multilateralism is under great pressure
at the moment and because it's under
great pressure your mistake its fate in
its own hands more than before
therefore we need European answers
almost certainly the biggest strain on
that relationship at the moment is
Donald Trump's decision to pull the
United States out of the Iran nuclear
deal it's this whole well non
consultation with allies policy when it
comes to diplomacy that really isn't
winning Donald Trump any friends in
Europe but then there's also the well
extreme possibility ilex at the very
likely possibility he doesn't care about
winning friends in Europe if we look
back to his campaign he was incredibly
dismissive of Europe on his way to power
he had to be dragged and cajoled and
poked into getting on board with NATO by
Theresa May we also saw well what could
best only be called awkward real
between Donald Trump and Angela Merkel
whenever they've met in public and then
we've got to remember when it comes to
Emmanuel macron he camp well he publicly
supported marine lepen against him in
the election there so all of this has
led some people watching and this
relationship to suggest that should it
continue this way than Europe may well
start looking in another direction we
look forward to working with Russia and
China to saved a deal that is an
important part right now we are hoping
for both Moscow and Beijing to act as
responsible international players I was
watching that relationship suggesting
that America first could well end up
with America alone we live in a
globalized world and 3 it is very very
important and if he actually end up
isolating America it's not a good idea
can he be reelected for a second term he
is the question mark
you
