Russia is stressing its concern over the
safety of journalists in Ukraine in a
diplomatic memo to the country it's
after security forces raided the Kiev
Offices of a group partnered to a
Russian media giant detaining its
director let's get some of the details
now across the story this hour is our
correspondent Medina Koch Nova hi Medina
and just bring this up the suspect but
how the director was arrested here what
led to that well the security service of
Ukraine has raided a several offices of
a foreign partner Russia's news agency
RIA Novosti now the raid started Tuesday
morning and lasted for eight hours
before that journalists Akiva Wyszynski
who as the head of the Ukrainian Bureau
of this particular agency was detained
near his home in the Ukrainian capital
Kiev ukrainian security services say
that he is at the moment facing charges
of treason he is whereabouts are
currently unknown but there are reports
that he's being deported to another
ukrainian city now according to the
recent statement which was issued by the
ukrainian special services the arrest
and raid are quote part of an
investigation into a network of media
structures used by moscow to wage a
hybrid war against ukraine as I told you
before now not only the head office of
this particular agency was raided but
also other locations including the
apartments of the journalists working
for that particular news agency
documents means of communications were
confiscated during these raids and some
of them lasted for several hours through
because I imagine there has to be some
reaction to this of course the Russian
Foreign Ministry immediately condemned
this crackdown on journalists the
ministry's spokesperson maria sahara
criticized some western states for not
paying enough attention to what happened
in ukraine to the suppression of the
press we are outraged by the huge
violation of russian journalists rights
and once again call on ukraine to stop
legal abuses against journalists under
the far-fetched pretext of an aunt
properly on the fight not only Russia
immediately condemned to these
particular searches but also other
international organizations as well
criticized this particular incident in
Ukraine OSCE representative on freedom
of the media raised concern over this
rate and called
on the Ukrainian authorities to refrain
from imposing limitations on the work of
foreign journalists which and these
limitations can lead to can affect the
freedom of the media in the country and
now his concern was also supported by
other international organizations ifj
and its Russian affiliate ru J demand
the immediate release of Kirill
Wyszynski I reiterate my call on the
authorities to refrain from imposing
unnecessary limitations on the work of
foreign journalists which affects the
free flow of information and freedom of
the media it looks like a large-scale
excuse for a government to attack
journalists for the distribution of
information that is not to the
authorities liking the committee to
protect journalists today expressed
concern over the Ukrainian security
services search of the Kiev office of
the Russian state news agency RIA
Novosti and detention of the Office
Director Carol Wyszynski just in terms
of history - this is the first time it's
happened to Russian journalists in
Ukraine or has there been something of
this occurring before not at all in
general it is quite dangerous to be a
journalist in Ukraine back in 2014 for
example Ukraine ranked third among the
world's deadliest locations for
immediate professions and the same year
the country actually ranked as the world
leader in journalists kidnappings now of
course the situation has changed since
then but still it is quite a volatile
place for journalists to work now in the
past three years several journalists who
criticized quite openly the new
government in the country were killed
and among them were Russian journalists
as well now Ukrainian authorities on a
regular basis expel Russian journalists
from the country or refused access to
government buildings or to sell or to
some state events now last week two
journalists were
spelt earlier in May three journalists
from Italy from Russia and Czech
Republic were denied entry to the
country and the latest example was just
a week ago there was we can call it a
scandal that broke in the in the country
involved involving the Ukrainian channel
enter TV now it revolved around a
scheduled concert program dedicated to
the Victory Day the channel offices in
Kiev were blocked in order to prevent us
this program this concert from being
broadcast and the Ukrainian radicals
even issued threats against this
particular channel so these are just
some latest examples that I can give you
it's a worrying concept that this is
becoming more regular as well Medina
caution of I bring this right up to date
or not detention of a Russian journalist
thank you well while many journalists
are supporting Russian media workers
under pressure in Ukraine one American
magazine has something more destructive
in mind an article in The Washington
Examiner suggests Kiev should resort to
blowing up the newly open Crimea bridge
the writer even describes how it should
be done okay let's go live now to
political commentator John Bostitch for
his take on this John good to have you
on the program and this is some pretty
cold journalism isn't it how surprised
are you that it's appeared in a
publication like this well interestingly
enough I was just in Washington two days
ago and I got a paper copy of that
magazine and I can tell you that it's
par for the course the people who pose
as journalists in Washington are nothing
more than weaponized lobbyists and so
when a lobbying firm attempts to get its
bills or its or its funding through for
new weapon systems or war systems they
often call on one of their engaged
journalists to do the dirty work of
saying something publicly that they
couldn't dare say and then using the
right of freedom of speech in America
the journalist can call for anything he
wants murder execution bombing
some civilian bridges and so on so
that's what this is and if we're talking
about a new level
yes we've hit a new low a new low
outward call by a journalist so-called
journalist for an attack on a civilian
structure yeah I was quite shocked just
reading through it
indeed yesterday's opening of the bridge
got an angry response in Kiev there's no
doubt about that which still rejects
Crimea's vote to rejoin Russia four
years ago do you think this article
stirs anti-russian emotions in Ukraine
and is that its purpose of course that's
the purpose as I told you the the
information era has led to literally the
weaponization of the media I can I can
recall during the NATO bombing of
Yugoslavia that the Chairman or the
president of the International Committee
to Protect Journalists was the wife of
Richard Holbrooke who was conducting the
bombing so if one of our journalists was
killed during the bombing we would have
had then to apply to Richard Hall Brooks
wife after he bombed us we would have
had to apply to his wife to ask for some
sort of compensation so the United
States government has solely and
entirely incorporated the media into its
weapons systems and the media therefore
gives advanced notice of who's going to
be killed who's going to be attacked and
how it's going to be done and then the
public is somehow immunized against the
actual event when it takes place because
then they say well well this was all
known in advance surely they should have
anticipated it and therefore we aren't
guilty because the military only did
what we were told in the media was going
to happen that is a part of the script
John we're just running out of time but
I want to get your thoughts on this last
aspect how much of a connection do you
think or otherwise there is between the
bridge opening and the detention of the
Russian journalists in Kiev that we were
just thinking about 100% when you have
an infrastructure as big as the American
Empire has you've got literally
thousands of people whose job is to
coordinate simultaneous events to
overpower by simple
force of weight the other side so if you
can schedule a bombing of a bridge with
an editorial with a comment with
imposition of sanctions all on the same
day or on the same week then you can try
to overcome the defenses of the other
side nothing happens by chance anymore
you
