in Canada anger continues to build
concerning the government's lack of
action over a self-confessed Islamic
state executioner after he lied to
immigration services to get back into
the country he revealed it openly on a
New York Times podcast show called
Caliphate the former ISIL fighter who
goes by the name of Abu whose I left
Canada four years ago when he was just
17 and told his parents he was flying to
Turkey but five months after joining the
terror group in Syria he decided that he
wanted to return to Toronto following
what he originally said was his second
execution though whose eye has now
retracted those comments saying he has
not killed anyone well officials hope
the man had said enough to incriminate
himself on the New York Times podcast
series where he give detailed the kinds
of executing people but that may not be
enough to charge him according to
documents obtained by Canadian news
network Canada's Prime Minister has been
fending off criticism about the case and
when Justin Trudeau was asked about
terrorist returnees he seemingly shifted
the blame to attack conservatives in the
country instead it is the Prime Minister
wearing these bloodthirsty terrorist
walk on our streets but throw them in
jail instead mr. speaker once again we
see the Conservatives trying to drum up
fear is a way of political attack when
will the Prime Minister finally
imprisoned Isis terrors and stand
allowing them to use Canada right
we saw this approach in the last
election by the previous government it
doesn't work to try and scare and divide
Canadians or Canadian intelligence
estimates around 60 people have returned
to the country after joining extremist
groups in Syria and Iraq and while many
countries have tough policies to
persecute those who have waged terror
overseas it seems Canada might just be
allowing them back into the country
turns out you can't build a Caliphate on
the foundations of killing rape plunder
and more killing
they tried tried with bloody abandon but
no luck
so those Isis jihadists went home to
perhaps start a new life
while they may have engaged in terrorism
abroad and broken the law not all
returnees continue to pose a threat they
may now be disillusioned with the cause
the Canadian government even has
directives on how to deal with them
alright they may have decapitated a
prisoner or two wore a dozen may have
repeatedly raped young girls they
considered infidels but that's all in
the past what they need now is
apparently help the intervention team
can engage with a returnee and the
returnees family to open up dialogue
with the individual and to help support
the returnees disengagement from their
radical ideology and past behavior
before you go thinking that Canadians
are crazy no most people never knew how
lenient their government was being with
murderers and terrorists but what really
riled the public up is an interview with
a former jihadist who was left free a
first year you know you have to you have
to bring yourself to do it you're like
okay if I'm finally killing someone now
and you kind of have to close your eyes
and do it
you're killing him for a reason this is
justified you can do this we're not
gonna be held accountable now imagine
you live in the same city as this guy yo
kids walk by his house on the way to
school yeah that's how many Canadians
feel this guy is apparently in Toronto
Canadians deserve more answers for this
government so why aren't they doing
something about this it's amazing people
in Canada get years in jail for
possession of marijuana but a guy who
may have cut off people's heads is led
free because he had a change of heart
now that people are outraged his story's
changed he says he doesn't deny saying
them but he's insistent that he didn't
actually do those things no charges
against him have yet been filed if they
ever will be but you must understand
what he is not a monster no Isis
fighters are no different to any other
immigrants they all bring something new
to Canada those aren't my words that's
the prime minister talking and I need to
know how you're gonna protect future
Canadians like my young daughter and you
know 10 to 15 20 years from now when
you're letting people in with an
ideology that just does not conform to
what we're doing here one of the reasons
Canada is successful as a country is
because we have been open to people
fleeing persecution fleeing war zones
whether it was people said fleeing the
devastation of the Second World War from
southern Europe in the 50s and 60s the
Italian communities the Greek
communities the the the Portuguese
communities and others just belonging to
our tourist organization is is enough to
convict someone it's a serious crime so
unless you cannot prove at all that the
fellow was in Isis territory and he was
there to help Isis unless you cannot
prove that at all you have no witness
and the fellow just says well I made up
the story
and if you can prove that he was
actually there well you can make a case
against that person and prosecute that
person for terrorism and send them to
jail if the government was serious I
think that's what they would do but I
don't think they're serious about it
pushing multiculturalism to the limit is
not certainly not a good thing
you
