this is Rostov arena
five games are gonna be played here
starting on day four when Priscilla play
their first World Cup game against
Switzerland so you can imagine that's
gonna be some carnival atmosphere right
from the beginning but what else is
going on around here
I'm Peter Schmeichel and I'm here to
find out
I have arranged to meet up with FIFA
World Cup ambassador Victoria looper /
he was born here and grew up in Rostov
so who better than her to show me the
place hey what is happening to Rostov
since sincerely the announcement of the
World Cup I believe that every place
first of all it's a people
I still don't forget their ice of those
youth and students and teenagers who
wanted to participate to be related to
such a biggest football celebration we
are looking forward to have fans from
around the world and I believe that it's
gonna be messy friends what are the top
3 things to do you have to walk on the
street and see our sights in second you
have to try our rest of food and the
third thing you have to investigate its
kha'zix the desert yes exactly
Victoria told me to come and see the
close up they are putting on some
performance now
it's quite amazing how they celebrated
draw that fight look like a draw to me
all day long as you had Victoria said to
me eat so I come to the local market I'm
gonna meet up with my new friend Vadim
Cadiz she's got restaurants around this
place and he's gonna help me pick out
the ingredients I need to cook my dish
and I'm gonna cook it for him
Hey
good to see you see you I want to top a
fish dish for you from the river I think
from the river because the river was in
truth yeah so if we can take a walk and
and find the finish and you can maybe
help me out of it that's a beautiful
thing how much is how many kilos you
think there is ten and twelve okay so
that that might just be a little bit
today
what do you think about this one here
it's a good size good size yeah I'm
really excited to be cooking for Verdean
and I'm cooking a dish which we do in
Denmark it's a little bit like fish and
chips but it's fish and chips with the
Peter Schmeichel touch and every dish
has to look good so I'm doing a little
bit of garnish here I've got this
beautiful red onion that I found in the
market and then these beautiful tomatoes
keep them on the vein now I need to deal
with the fish it's a nice even pieces
that I need for X here
it's like tying and it smells really
really good
put them in there in the egg and over in
the flower with the lovely tine and salt
and pepper in I'm quite happy with that
so these are all ready now to go
directly on the pan a hot pan
fish looks fantastic just to put the
finishing touches on it so it looks good
my team please wait I'm finished what do
you think
this is rottenness i'm quite proud of
this i have been eating in this
restaurant so I know the quality of the
food and I think this should be in the
menu he and Rosco what they've done is
they've put a football tournament up a
kids that weren't born when Russia was
awarded the World Cup he does it look in
here the goalkeeper there he's made some
incredible shows
Victoria this is my winning team thank
you very much for your advice we've done
everything you said but now it's time to
play football and it's you against us
