today I'm here to tell you about Taylor
Swift no it's not that I switched to MTV
she's out there in the top political
headlines because Taylor basically just
said she'd vote for the Democrats
trouble this is serious news and one
Taylor Swift fan is disappointed well
haters gonna shake shake' hate hate hate
hate hate guys from the right wing cam
our ways are sharp now Taylor Swift is a
traitor they're saying but just a little
while ago people on the Left we're
telling her off for being too
politically lazy not only is the voice
of miss Swift mighty enough to sway an
army of young voters you might well see
her let's say at the United Nations in a
few years we've been there with some
other celebs I am NOT here as an expert
we have failed the ringer before please
let us not fail them again there's no
turning back it will be more and more up
to the likes of Oscar or Grammy winners
to fix trouble around the world like
issues with Sudan we are here to ask
it's a very simple thing is for the
government in Khartoum to stop randomly
killing its own innocent men women and
children stop raping them and stop
starving them mr. Clooney actually got
detained for that your favorite TV or
music stars are all over the place with
their movements campaigns charities some
end up in the news for their political
messages more often than for what
they're famous in the first place and
damn it within a matter of weeks
society's not working the way it used to
think me too for a sec sexual abuse has
been institutionalized in this country I
think women I think survivors I think
men
are not going to allow this to continue
and we're gonna take back the house and
maybe even the Senate some of their
efforts might crack you up a bit what am
i freestyling about gender equality yeah
were they meant to be funny but it all
seems to be from the bottom of their
heart the white helmets of organization
when the lines between politics and
showbiz are blurring for good it seems
just look at them you're very handsome
thank you very much we'll see you
tomorrow
oh you will write Obama man yeah it's
only natural that you know who is in
charge at the Oval Office it's funny and
you may get fired too that that's it
you're fired you're fired you're fired
you're fired
if I you're all fired we knew he was
when he walked in
you
