months of intense diplomacy and hopes of
a historic breakthrough with North Korea
could all be reduced to nothing by
wargames
dozens of American bombers and fighter
jets flying near the North Korean border
to Pyongyang this is more than just a
provocation it's a rehearsal for an
invasion
so now after scrapping a summit with
Seoul the North is hinting that it could
also abandon a highly anticipated
meeting with Trump that's scheduled for
June 12th and Singapore but the timing
couldn't be worse
the United States and South Korea
routinely carry out these simulated
invasions and destruction of North Korea
military exercises another set of these
exercises began last Friday I believe
this goes against the spirit certainly
and I would say even the letter of the
pen with John declaration between moon
jae-in in Kim jong-eun where both sides
agreed not to do anything that would be
provocative towards the other both North
and South Korea
these military exercises again as I
mentioned simulate the annihilation of
North Korea holding off on military
drills was in fact one of the points
agreed upon back in January when the
North froze its nuclear tests and that
was confirmed last month when Kim and
moon met and promised to bring peace to
the Korean Peninsula and just a week ago
US senators suggested awarding Trump
with a Nobel Peace Prize for promoting
peace between the two Koreas and of
course Trump was in full agreement
this is recklessly needlessly
provocative on the part of the United
States it makes you wonder is some part
of the US military establishment
actually trying to sabotage or subvert
any effort to bring about a peace treaty
between North Korea in the United States
why else would this exercise go forward
