tens of thousands of mourners have
turned died in Gaza for the funerals of
the protesters killed by Israeli
soldiers on Monday at least 60 people
lost their lives in what's become the
deadliest day in the israeli-palestinian
conflict since 2014 the injuries quite
incredible to 2,700 more than that
currently injured a lot of them hit with
live ammunition
well the violence came as the u.s.
controversially opened its new embassy
in nearby Jerusalem
what a glorious day remember this moment
this is history we extend a hand in
friendship to Israel the Palestinians
and to all of their neighbors may there
be peace
we pray for the Peace of Jerusalem I'm
here in Bethel in northern mamala where
ever since midday prayers ended crowds
have been arriving to protest against
the Israeli soldiers who are just a
short distance behind me as you can see
they've kind of demarcated this area by
burning tires and from here they're
hurling rocks and stones at the soldiers
who are just a short distance in front
of us the ambulances have been ferrying
wounded people every so often there are
a number of people who have been injured
during that some of them are serious
these things are being repeated this is
part of the Nakba day commemorations
Israeli soldiers there's also been the
burning of tires I mean if you look in
the distance over there there have been
small fires that have started all along
the road this comes just a day after the
Americans move their embassy from Tel
Aviv to Jerusalem and that too sparked
the worst day of violence since the last
Gaza war back in 2014 it's a ticket
we're running now because there's tear
gas coming in our direction and as you
can see the cloud is moving it's always
difficult to tell where exactly it's
coming from so we just didn't make our
way further back and as you can see the
situation is extremely tense
it's just get out of there the drone in
the sky but everybody's pointing to so
we think that it's inspiring tear gas
and the crowd here and so we're going to
move all the way back so we're not right
on top of the soldiers and we see from
here what's going on
so narration does go from one moment to
the next
becoming incredibly tense Paulus Lea
Artie Ramallah
well let's cross live now to so here is
that could spokesperson for the
International Committee of the Red Cross
in Gaza thanks for being on the program
this hour first of all have medics and
gals have been actually coping with the
sheer volume of casualties yeah we've
just actually lost there so here as I
could they're a little bit of an issue
with connection was expected not the
best of connection with Gaza right
throughout the last two days we will try
and cross back to so here a spokesperson
for the International Committee of the
Red Cross in Gaza a little later in the
program to get her take a lot of
interesting questions to talk to
actually we've got maybe the guest is
now back yeah we've got the guests back
now and sudhir can you hear me hopefully
yes Oh / yeah perfect just a little bit
of a connection issue but we'll keep we
want to get some answers so we'll keep
talking for as long as we can how have
medics in Gaza have been actually coping
with the volume of casualties there it
has been a tough day on Gaza yesterday
tens of people lost their lives
thousands have been injured and this is
far beyond the capacity of health system
which was weakened in the past with the
humanitarian crisis in Gaza doctors were
struggling yesterday to cope with the
influx of the patients in wouldn't have
been possible for it to cope influx in
time like Shifa hospital only was
dealing with four hundred injured
wounded people at the same time the the
doctors were all overworked over the
seven past weeks already
and yesterday to deepen the crisis at
hospitals hospitals
have been working with limited resources
doctors were working around the clock to
cope with the influx of the wounded and
that that was a challenge for the
doctors the triage I mean Gaza doctors
with this also with the testimonies of
our surgeon teams who are deployed in
the hospitals stand side-by-side today
the girls they test their testimonies
that Gaza doctors did a very good job in
a very limited resources they know how
to deal with with the with the patients
but it was best far beyond their
capacity to cope with for exam today
the Palestine Red Crescent Society whom
their access to the border area to
evacuate wounded was facilitated by ICRC
through the dialogue with all all sites
in in Gaza and also in Israel they were
overwhelmed with the number of wounded
evacuated from the border area they
managed they deployed their
administrative cars to the border area
some villains eight ambulances were not
enough so they were using their
administrative cars which are not
equipped to be as ambulances so this how
would be seen was in Gaza
you
