Gazza as well as all those Palestinian
Israeli and others who have died as a
result of a conflict that has endured
for far too long I ask you all to raise
the observe a minute of silence in
memory of them
the provisional agenda for this meeting
is the situation in the Middle East
including the Palestinian question the
agenda is adopted in accordance with
rule 37 of the council's provisional
rules of procedure I invite the
representative of Israel to participate
in this meeting it is so decided I
propose that the council invite the
permanent observer of the observer State
of Palestine to the United Nations to
participate in the meeting in accordance
with the provisional rules of procedure
and the previous practice in this regard
there being no objection it is so
decided in accordance with rule 39 of
the council's provisional rules of
procedure I invite mr. Nikolai Mladenov
special coordinator for the Middle East
peace process and personal
representative of the secretary-general
to participate in this meeting it is so
decided mr. Mladenov is joining us via
video teleconference from Jerusalem the
Security Council will now begin its
consideration of item 2 of the agenda I
now give the floor to mr. nickel a
bloody nose
thank you madam president members of the
Security Council for the people of Gaza
yesterday was a day of tragedy there are
no other words with which to describe
what actually happened there is no
justification for the killing there is
no excuse it serves no one it certainly
does not serve the cause of peace
I have weighs heavy today as I begin by
expressing my condolences to the
families of those killed yesterday and
in the last six weeks of demonstrations
in Gaza who can possibly find words to
console the mother of a child that has
been killed who I call on all to join me
today in condemning in the strongest
possible terms the actions that have led
to the loss of many lives in Gaza Israel
has a responsibility to calibrate its
use of force to not use lethal force
except as a last resort and the remenham
threat of death or serious injury it
must protect its borders but it must do
so proportionally and investigate every
incident that has led to a loss of human
life Hamas which has controlled Gaza for
over a decade must not use the protests
as cover to attempt to place bombs at
defense and create provocations its
operatives must not hide among the
demonstrators and risk the lives of
civilians Madam President
tens of thousands of people in Gaza have
been protesting for over six weeks now
people who live in abject poverty
survive in prison like conditions who
live with no prospect for the day after
these people want their voices heard
they want a future beyond mere survival
their leaders have failed them the
promises that they have made to them
have not been delivered and now the
people are angry but their anger if not
channeled in a constructive manner will
lead to more destruction and suffering
whatever we may think of their
motivation we have an obligation to hear
their plight they have lived through
three devastating conflicts their lives
are marked by personal anguish
scout by national tragedy marred by
daily suffering caused by leaders who
used them for their own political ends
for ten years they have lived under the
control of Hamas separated from their
families in the West Bank isolated
behind crippling Israeli closures the
cycle of violence in Gaza needs to end
and for it to end it needs every single
one of us to put their best efforts into
preventing an explosion that can drag
the whole region into another deadly
confrontation the international
community must step in and prevent war
we need to move forward quickly and
effectively on all projects that have
been discussed for months and months to
solve the energy water and health crisis
of the population we can only do this in
coordination with Israel with the
Palestinian Authority and with Egypt but
before all of that the senseless
violence needs to stop mr. president
yesterday an estimated 35,000 people
participated in demonstrations in Gaza
and hundreds in the West Bank cities of
Ramallah Bethlehem Hebron Jericho Nablus
and in East Jerusalem all part of the
great march of return as well as in
protest to the relocation of the US
Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem while
no fatalities were reported in the West
Bank where limited clashes took place
between demonstrators and Israeli
security forces at several checkpoints
the situation in Gaza deteriorated
throughout the day particularly along
the perimeter fence according to various
reports at least 60 people were killed
throughout yesterday including six
children and more than 1300 were
reportedly injured by live ammunition
and rubber bullets one Israeli soldier
was wounded and taken to hospital for
treatment since the beginning of the
protests on March 30th over 100 people
have been killed including 13 children
over half of whom yesterday alone this
constituted the bloodiest day in Gaza
with the highest death and injury toll
since the conflict of 2014
Hamas and Islamic Jihad have
acknowledged that among those killed
were members of their organizations and
the Israeli Defense Forces claims that
at least 24 had linked to militant
activities and the cover of the protests
camasta and other militants have also
engaged in violent and provocative acts
including the placing of improvised
explosive devices in the perimeter fence
and other attempts to breach it with the
intent of perpetrating attacks according
to the UN DSS at least one ie D
reportedly detonated an IDF V against an
idea vehicle during an incursion 18
airstrikes and eight shelling incidents
were also carried out by the Israeli
security forces on 26 Hamas targets in
retaliation for what Israel has
classified as violent acts Madam
President
against this backdrop hospitals in Gaza
report an unfolding crisis of essential
medical supplies drugs and equipment is
needed to treat those who have been
injured the United Nations humanitarian
coordinator who is currently in Gaza
yesterday visited the Shifa hospital
where there is a shortage of beds for
the number of wounded arriving from the
protests at defense he witnessed
firsthand patients being brought in on
stretchers and left in the hospital's
courtyard which was being used as a
triage area I appealed to Israel to
Egypt to the Palestinian authorities to
facilitate the exit from Gaza of the
seriously wounded for medical treatment
and I welcomed steps reportedly taken in
this direction by Egypt Madam President
I would like to take the opportunity to
salute the bravery of the medical staff
who continued put their own lives at
risk such as those working for the
Palestinian Red Crescent Society who
have endured casualties of their own I'm
deeply saddened to note the death of
another health worker yesterday during
the demonstrations in a real turret the
invulnerability under international law
of health facilities and medical
personnel journalists have also been
among those injured in yes
these demonstrations the dire
humanitarian situation in Gaza about
which I have reported time and again in
this chamber over the past year has been
compounded by the fact that the
Palestinian Authority continues to
withhold the payment of salaries to some
20,000 civil service employees in Gaza
to further complicate a dismal picture
on the 4th and on the 11th of May
demonstrators destroyed most of the
facilities at the Gaza side of the
column crossing the main point of entry
for goods and materials into the Gaza
Strip members of my team have conducted
an initial assessment of the site and I
can report that the damage is extensive
and will hinder deliveries of fuel and
much-needed goods to Gaza for weeks
ahead as we speak
United Nations is working with the
Palestinian Authority and with Israel to
bring in life-saving assistance despite
the destruction in the extensive damage
to the crossing mr. president
whoever orchestrated that destruction
shares in the responsibility of
worsening the suffering of two million
people in Gaza Madam President the
Secretary General and Ike have
repeatedly called on all to exercise
restraint for all necessary steps to be
taken to avoid an escalation and for all
incidents to be fully investigated I
have engaged with all sides to this
effect public statements and messages by
Hamas indicate the intention to use mass
protests to infiltrate into Israel and
attack Israelis such statements in
action endanger the lives of both
Israelis and Palestinians and cannot be
justified I wish to underline yet again
that it is imperative that civilians
particularly children not be targeted by
anyone use or not be used for cover for
militant activity or be put in risk or
in danger in any way Madam President as
the violence continues technical
problems have also resurfaced and
further decreasing the electricity
supply and have currently caused some 22
hours of blackouts in Gaza
this is a critical reminder of the
fragility of Gaza's infrastructure
starting tomorrow the United Nations
together with international partners
will need to focus and redouble efforts
to implement projects that will have an
immediate impact on improving the
electricity water and health situation
as a matter of urgency the developments
in Gaza are a painful reminder an
extremely painful reminder of the
devastating consequences of the
continued absence of peace between
Israelis and Palestinians I would like
to reiterate this message particularly
as Palestinians commemorate the Nakba
day or the day of the catastrophic
enduring the war of 1948 49 and as they
continue to demonstrate in Gaza in the
West Bank
over the coming days we must step up our
efforts in support of a peaceful
resolution to the conflict
we must collectively call on all to
refrain from unilateral measures that
only steer us away from a peace process
and instead work to end the occupation
and advance the goal of a just and
sustainable peace culminating ultimately
in two states Israel and Palestine of
which Gaza is an integral part two
states living side by side in peace
security and prosperity thank you
I think mr. Mladenov for his briefing
and now I give the floor to the members
of the floor
Palestinian people see
thank you madam president today's
session was called to discuss the issue
of violence in the Middle East we are
all concerned about violence in the
Middle East the United States deplores
the loss of human life but there is a
lot of violence throughout the region
and I will note that the double standard
is all too common in this chamber and
working overtime today last week Iranian
forces attacked small positions sorry
last week Iranian forces attacked
Israeli positions on the Golan Heights
by launching rockets from Syria this was
a reckless provocation an escalation
that must be stopped it is an example of
regional violence that should occupy our
attention here in the Security Council
also last week Iranian proxy forces in
Yemen launched missiles into Saudi
Arabia it was not the first time they
have done it
this too is regional violence that
should occupy our attention here in the
Security Council in recent days Hamas
terrorists backed by Iran have incited
attacks
Israeli security forces and
infrastructure that is valid that should
occupy our attention to the common
thread and all of this is the
destabilization cysts on promoting
violence throughout the Middle East
while depriving its own people of basic
human rights the United States welcomes
a discussion of this violence in the
Middle East we welcome discussing the
ways we can cooperate with each other to
put an end to this violence there is far
too little discussion in the Security
Council on Iran's destabilizing presence
in Syria its promotion of violence in
Yemen its support for terrorism in Gaza
and it's dangerous and illegal weapons
buildup in Lebanon however in the minds
of some today's meeting was not called
to discuss any of those examples of
violence in the Middle East today's
meeting was called to discuss the
violence that some suggest was connected
with yesterday's opening of the United
States Embassy in Jerusalem for some
people the embassy opening is said to be
a reason to engage in violence how is
that justified as our president said
when he announced the decision in
December the location of our embassy has
no bearing on the specific boundaries of
Israeli sovereignty in Jerusalem for the
resolution of contested borders it has
no bearing on Jerusalem's holy sites it
does not prejudge whatever the parties
might negotiate in a peace agreement it
does not undermine the prospects for
peace in any way and yet for some this
is supposedly a cause for violence but
let's remember that the Hamas terrorist
organization has been inciting violence
for years long before the United States
decided to move our embassy in recent
days multiple news organizations have
documented the Hamas incitement in Gaza
they have reported that Hamas maps and
social media showed the
fastest routes to reach Israeli
communities in case demonstrators make
it through the security fence they have
reported on Hamas messages over
loudspeakers that urged demonstrators to
burst through the fence falsely claiming
Israeli soldiers were fleeing when in
fact they were not the same loudspeakers
are used by Hamas to urge the crowds to
quote get closer get closer to the
security fence Hamas has attacked the
karim shalom crossing the biggest entry
point in gaza for fuel food and medical
supplies this is how determined they are
to make the lives of the palestinian
people miserable
they light Molotov cocktails attached to
kites on fire and attempt to fly them
into Israel to cause as much destruction
as possible when asked yesterday why he
put a swastika on his burning kite the
terrorists responded quote the Jews go
crazy when you mentioned Hitler unquote
this is what is endangering the people
of Gaza make no mistake Hamas is pleased
with the results from yesterday I asked
my colleagues here in the Security
Council who among us would accept this
type of activity on your border no one
would no country in this chamber would
act with more restraint then Israel has
in fact the records of several countries
here today suggest they would be much
less restrained those who suggest that
the Gaza violence has anything to do
with the location of the American
Embassy are sorely mistaken
rather the violence comes from those who
reject the existence of the State of
Israel in any location such a motivation
the destruction of a United Nations
member state is so illegitimate as to
not be worth our time in the Security
Council other than the time it takes to
denounce it
yesterday's opening of arson of our
embassy in Jerusalem is a cause for
celebration for the American people
moving the US Embassy to Jerusalem was
the right thing to do it reflects the
will of the American people it reflects
our sovereign right to decide the
location of our embassy a right that
everyone in this room claims for their
own country importantly moving our
embassy to Jerusalem also reflects the
reality that Jerusalem is the capital of
Israel it has served as Israel's capital
since the founding of the state it is
the ancient capital of the Jewish people
there is no plausible peace agreement
under which Jerusalem would no longer
remain the capital of Israel recognizing
this reality makes peace more achievable
not less the United States is prepared
to support peace negotiations and a
peace agreement in every way we want
nothing more than peace a peace in which
people of all faiths are free to worship
in Jerusalem a peace in which the rights
of all people are respected and the
future prospects of all people is bright
that peace will only be achieved if it
is rooted in the realities that too many
choose to deny the United States action
yesterday promoted the reality and the
desire for peace it is our sincere wish
that the nations of the world will join
us in this pursuit of credible realistic
and enduring peace as I conclude I want
to take a moment to mark the 70th
anniversary of Israel's independence in
this United Nations Security Council on
behalf of the American people
I congratulate our friends in Israel on
the remarkable achievement of 70 years
of independence from humble and
desperate beginnings a proud people have
realized the Prophet Isaiah's vision of
a light unto the nations may the next 70
years be ones of strength of hope and of
peace thank you
I think the representative of United
States for her statement and thank you
very much indeed madam president and
thank you very much to Mister Mladenov
for that very sobering briefing I'd like
to start by thanking him and his staff
for everything they're doing to try and
calm down the violence and also echo his
tribute to the medical staff on the
ground and his appeal for facilitation
of evacuation of the wounded Madam
President we've seen a concatenation of
loss of life casualties volume of live
fire in Gaza yesterday and this has been
shocking and I think appalling to most
of us it is a familiar depressingly
familiar pattern that we have seen over
recent weeks
and it includes the deaths of children
at a highly sensitive time in the region
we call for calm and we call for
restraint a further escalation of
violence serves no one's interests it is
only destructive to peace efforts and to
wider regional security
Madam President we understand that 60
people were killed yesterday in Gaza six
of them children around 270 2771 people
were reported injured and that included
over 1300 by live ammunition
the death toll on Monday means that more
pallas more 90 Palestinians have been
killed in the past six weeks for
approaching the fence that has been
placed around Gaza there is an urgent
need we believe to establish the facts
around yesterday's events including why
such a volume of live fire continues to
be deemed justified
the Palestinian right to peaceful
protest is undeniable but at the same
time we are deeply concerned that
peaceful protests in Gaza have been
exploited by extremist elements for
example we've seen IDF troops targeted
by IEDs and we've seen the use of
Molotov cocktails this is not acceptable
the Palestinians have a right to
peaceful protest and Israel has an
undeniable right to protect its borders
from Hamas and other terrorist groups
and threats the United Kingdom remains
strongly supportive of Israel's right to
defend itself we recognize today as a
sensitive anniversary for the
Palestinians we implore Israel to act
with restraint in accordance with
international law more than anything to
ensure that its security forces do not
resort to the use of excessive force the
volume of live fire used in Gaza
yesterday and the consequent number of
deaths is distressing and cannot be
ignored by the council I want to
reiterate the United Kingdom support for
independent and transparent
investigations into the events that have
taken place and in recent weeks and
including the extent to which Israeli
security forces rules of engagement are
in line with international law the death
toll alone warrants such comprehensive
inquiry and we continue to urge that the
findings of these investigations be made
public and if wrongdoing is found that
those responsible be held to account
Madam President our position on the
status of Jerusalem and the move of the
you Macon embassy is well known our
position is clear and long-standing it
should be the status of Jerusalem should
be determined in a negotiated settlement
between the Israelis and the
Palestinians and Jerusalem should
ultimately be the shared capital of the
Israeli and Palestinian States we need
to look forward and we need to work her
gently towards a resolution of the
long-standing issues
between Israel and the Palestinian
people like this council the United
Kingdom is committed to a two-state
solution with Jerusalem as a shared
capital and to achieving peace and
stability in the wider region we see
negotiations towards a two-state
solution is the best way to end the
occupation and to meet the national
aspirations of the Jewish and
Palestinian peoples but now more than
ever Madam President we need a political
process that delivers a two-state
solution we agree with the envoi that
the situation in Gaza is desperate and
deteriorating and that the international
community must step up its efforts to
that end Madam President I'd like to
close by making a request of the UN
special coordinator for the Middle East
peace process that he and his office
bring forward proposals to address the
situation in Gaza these should include
easing restrictions on access and
movement and it should include
international support for urgent
infrastructure and economic development
projects we also reiterate our support
for the Egyptian LED reconciliation
process the Palestinian Authority
and the building of a shameful work the
International
not on equal footing
subhuman conditions we can say that we
have done our duty thank you thank you
very much madam president and thank you
special coordinator Moreno for your very
sobering briefing this morning as we had
the open debate only some two weeks ago
I will focus my remarks today on the
immediate situation in Gaza Madam
President we are appalled by the
violence that we have witnessed in Gaza
since the March 30th
in particular the sharp escalation
yesterday every lost life is a tragedy
but the numbers of killed was the
highest in a single day since the
beginning of the protests indeed it was
the bloodiest day since the last
conflict in Gaza in 2014 yesterday at
least 60 Palestinians were killed by
Israeli security forces and over 2,000
were wounded yet again the Israeli
security forces used live ammunition
including when shooting at children
there are reports the several children
under the age of 18 were amongst those
killed yesterday in addition to the
seven children killed in the preceding
weeks we condemn the killings and we
express our condolences for the tragic
loss of life as we have stated
repeatedly Israel has a right to protect
itself and the people within its borders
that said Israel as the occupying
occupying power has a responsibility to
protect Palestinian civilians and must
fully respect the right to peaceful
protest protect civilians and ensure
that the use of force and other measures
taken are strictly proportional lethal
use of force should be exercised with
maximum restraint and only as a last
resort these incidents raise serious
concerns as to their compatibility with
international law and there must be an
independent and transparent
investigation as called for by the
secretary-general among many others we
urge all parties to act with the utmost
restraint to avoid further loss of life
and to protect civilians particularly
children this means never making
children the target of violence as well
as not putting children in harm's way or
encouraging them to participate in
violence we urge the Israeli security
forces to refrain from the use of force
against unarmed civilian protesters and
representatives of the media we also
call on Hamas and there was organizing
the demonstrations to avoid any
provocations and ensure the protests
remain nonviolent and peaceful in
addition we must not forget that the
people of Gaza have lived in intolerable
conditions for far too long
in a humanitarian situation that is now
deteriorating even further to tackle
this situation and to enable Gaza to
recover movement and access restrictions
must be eased we support the proposal
just made by the UK on the need to come
forward with concrete ideas in this
regard madam president during these days
Israelis and Palestinians commemorate
two defining moments in their history
that serve as important reference points
for both people's the position of Sweden
and the whole European Union on the
status of Jerusalem as a final status
issue is clear and we not change all
three Abrahamic religions Judaism Islam
and Christianity have strong bonds to
Jerusalem that must be preserved a way
must be found through negotiations to
resolve the status of Jerusalem as the
future capital of both states in line
with relevant UN resolutions in long in
line with long-standing policy of the
European Union we will continue to
respect international consensus on the
status of Jerusalem embodied in among
others Security Council resolution 47
eight including on the location of
diplomatic representation until the
final status of Jerusalem is resolved as
was stated in December last year we
regret the u.s. decision to recognize
Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and
to move its embassy from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem it runs counter to
international law and this council's
resolutions Madam President our
immediate priority must now be to defuse
the current tensions on the ground and
more demonstrations as more
demonstrations are expected today and in
the coming days the lethal violence
cannot be allowed to continue all
parties must take immediate steps to
de-escalate and this council has a
responsibility to actively promote such
efforts we regret that the press
statement proposed by Kuwait yesterday
could not be doctored and we hope that a
way forward on an appropriate public
expression can be found without further
delay there is unanimity around this
table I believe in calls for restraint
for de-escalation to break the cycle of
violence relieving the dire situation in
Gaza
four resumed serious negotiations
towards peace increased regional
instability must not contribute to
marginalization of the
israeli-palestinian question we must
more than ever
urgently engaged to bring the parties
back to negotiations to advance a
two-state solution intra Palestinian
reconciliation and the Palestinian
Authority's re-establishment in Gaza are
also needed two settlements and an end
to the ongoing Israeli occupation or
fundamental it is time for
defend life above anything else thank
you for his statement and now I give the
floor to the representative of
Equatorial Guinea which I thank you
