for the protests against the American
Embassy being relocated to Jerusalem
have been held in the u.s. itself crowds
marched in Washington decrying Donald
Trump's decision rallies have also been
held in several other countries
protesters burned US and Israeli flags
in support of the Palestinians they also
expressed anger at the violence on the
Gaza border top politicians from around
the world have echoed the protesters
concerns you don't agree with the
decision of the u.s. them to move their
embassy we continue to think that that's
the playing the wrong card at the at the
wrong time we think that the moving of
the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem is an unfortunate decision we
are rejecting once again this decision
which violates international law and
which is against UN resolutions with its
latest step the u.s. has chosen to be a
part of the problem not a solution and
has lost its mediator role in the Middle
East peace process more dogged and I
believe that the current US President
does not have the ability to
differentiate and judge about the
long-term consequences of his actions
who know what does happen or not don't
you know Japan is concerned that the
move could make a peace process in the
Middle East even more difficult or
escalate tension across the Middle East
