Jerusalem is a city that's been a point
of contention for nearly a thousand
years ever since the First Crusade has
arrived to drive the Muslim population
away for nearly two centuries the area
was governed by Christian Congress under
the name of Kingdom of Jerusalem by the
end of the thirteenth century there had
been eight Crusades ended up under
Muslim control with so much turbulent
religious history today the area holds
significance for Christians Jews and
Muslims alike all regard different parts
of the old city to be their holy sites
and since the formation of the State of
Israel in 1948 Israel considers
Jerusalem to be its capital the
subsequent conflict with their Arab
neighbors saw Israel capture and annex
the entire city of Jerusalem the move
has never been recognized by the United
Nations it stands firm on the idea of
establishing the two-state solution
where Israel and Palestine exists
independently so by President Trump
announcing moving the embassy to
Jerusalem he's underlined that the u.s.
recognizes the holy city to be the
capital of Israel for the international
community that goes against the notion
that any change in the city status
should come through negotiations and not
a unilateral action he has made it very
difficult for the Palestinian leadership
to enter into any kind of negotiations
because he has shattered the
international consensus that was there
for almost 70 years not clearly he has
made decisions that are going to have
consequences are going to have
ramifications
he has already alienated many countries
in the world including the allies of the
United States there are there's already
we have been started hearing some
negative responses from some of the
European allies in Germany and France
who see that the u.s. is trying to
dictate to that
