big focus on Jerusalem is coming weak
clashes erupted in Jerusalem earlier
this weekend as Israelis celebrated the
anniversary of the 1967 annexation of
the eastern part of a holy city the
violence comes ahead of what as I said
looks said to me a rocky week coming up
therefore the region with the u.s.
embassy moving to Jerusalem on Monday
and the ramifications in response to
that and Israel commemorating 70 years
since its founding
let's say talk to journalists yell
sheesh in Tel Aviv hey there thanks for
your time take us through what has
happened thus far and what's likely to
happen now over the coming week yes so
today was Jerusalem day which
commemorates the reunification of
Jerusalem in the six-day war in 1967
Hamas leader Honea has been encouraging
rioters over the past couple days he
said that on the 14th and 15th of this
month the entire Palestinian people will
be out on the streets of Palestine
meanwhile Israel has said it will do
whatever it can to defend itself and
prevent clashes on the borders a few
days ago about 15,000 Palestinians burn
tires threw grenades pipe bombs and
stones at IDF soldiers at the Gaza
border and the IDF responded with tear
gas there were a record number of Jews
at the Temple Mount today which is the
holiest site for Jews Muslims and
Christians located in the old city
clashes took place all day at the holy
site including physical altercations
that led to several arrests police say
that people were breaking the rules of
conduct and the circumstances would be
thoroughly investigated today was really
just the beginning of a very intense
week ahead thousands of Israelis
participated in the Jerusalem March
today which as you know is in
preparation for tomorrow's US Embassy
moved from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem and it
marks the 70th anniversary of the State
of Israel and meanwhile Palestinians are
preparing for an aqua de NOC by means
mass uproar and there will be
demonstrations including in the Gaza
Strip knock bday commemorates the
displacement of Palestinians as a result
of Israel's independence in 1948 they've
made threats about the potential
violence that could ensue on Tuesday so
a lot going on this week by day
I'm sorry take us through particularly
what happened on Friday
yesterday the violence yes on Friday
there there were there was a lot of
violence at the Temple Mount
clashes ensued a lot of arrests being
made physical altercations people were
getting arrested for putting up the
Israeli flag for bowing at the site all
of these things are prohibited at the
site and these altercations are expected
to ensue throughout the week with
protesting continuing on Tuesday for
knock Maday okay yeah thanks for the
update there from Tel Aviv
