it is being reported that the suspect
behind a knife attack in Paris on
Saturday was viewed by French
intelligence as a possible threat to
national security the man who is thought
to have been born in the Russian
Republic of Chechnya was shot dead after
he would kill the passerby in the city's
opera district now four others were also
injured in the assault two of them
seriously this is a photo taken from a
nearby balcony giving a sense of what
happened appearing to show the crime
scene while this video has also been
circulated in the wake of the incident
shows people fleeing the area and indeed
you can now see here on the map exactly
where the attack took place just north
of the Louvre Museum it is a popular
area with tourists man is teeming with
cafes bars and indeed restaurants he saw
early reports from the scene though it
was here that the attack took place late
on Saturday evening in the very busy
opera district of Paris people were
shouting for the police and we saw a guy
lying on the street right on the
crosswalk with blood on his shirt we
thought he had been run over or maybe
robbed and it took us a little while to
to figure out he had maybe had been
stabbed in the course of that attack the
police fired shots in order to kill the
terrorists and actually we can see some
of the bullet holes in one of the bar
windows some news has emerged of the
terrorists who carried out that attack
he's thought to be a Chechnya who
received French citizenship in 2010 and
interestingly he was known to police he
had been put on a list of people who had
known extreme views and that follows a
pattern we've seen repeatedly at many
instances of people who have carried out
terrorist attacks they've been known to
police and once they've carried out
those attacks that it's then emerged
later on and now we have seen that there
have been meetings held by
interior ministry to try to establish
more information about the terrorists
who carried out that attack many of
those who were present at the time
sought refuge in this restaurant LAN
tante which is a British restaurant and
something which many people have seen
here in Paris many times before
civilians fleeing for safety and ducking
into restaurants and bars to get away
from danger we were standing in the
street looking what was happening and
the attacker came down this road here
with his hands covered in blood
holding a knife yeah we had three
policemen on foot here and he went
towards them they tried to taser him
twice it didn't work he then managed to
isolate one of them and move down the
street
attacking trying to attack him and they
were two shots fired and he was shot
dead two meters in front of the
restaurant it comes on the first
anniversary or the eve of the first
anniversary of the rule of Emmanuel
macron and that would lead presumably to
the same questions that were being asked
of mr. Island where doubts are being
raised whether he could provide security
for France's citizens and mr. macron
will be hoping he doesn't face the same
accusations what since 2015 over 200
people have lost their lives in terror
attacks in France the most deadly rocked
Paris in November of that year there
have also been many smaller scale
incidents across the country like the
latest one on Saturday night
former British intelligence officer Ally
Michonne told us that many have been
following a clear pattern there was a
state of emergency that was lifted but
in fact the new incoming president
macron at the time then instituted a
number of the measures from the state of
emergency into permanent law so the
security services in France do indeed
have wide-ranging powers and
unfortunately I would be willing to bet
that whoever perpetrated this attack
this time it's already on the radar
either with the intelligence agencies
or at the very least with the local
police forward perhaps involvement in
petty crime we've seen this pattern
emerged time and time and time again in
France particularly where people there
seems to be an overlap between the
criminality and the radicalization which
leads them to carry out such attacks
