there will be a cultural test over
attitudes to Jerusalem this time next
year after Israel won the Eurovision
Song Contest on Saturday meaning it gets
the stage the next event after
triumphing with her song toy which was
inspired by the anti-harassment me to
campaign singer Netta
invited everyone to Jerusalem the invite
was echoed by the Israeli prime minister
but with feelings running high over
Jerusalem and its territory people have
been speaking out on Twitter how can
your a vision celebrate diversity and
inclusion when steps away Palestinians
are getting shot in the head
Eurovision is about to get very ugly
absolute joke by the way let's not go to
Jerusalem until they stop murdering
Palestinian children Israel is
celebrating diversity through shooting
unarmed protesters in Gaza with snipers
how will Eurovision be open for real
diversity next year in Jerusalem can all
city residents celebrate equally
unfollowing anyone who says they'll
attend Eurovision in Jerusalem next year
yes yes it's just a music competition
I'm sure all of the Palestinian children
that die in the next year will see the
distinction
