England football officials say that they
are pleased with what they've seen in
terms of security preparations for this
summer's football World Cup in Russia
they were questioned in the UK
Parliament with MPs raising concerns for
the safety of fans travelling to the
event our security team have been
impressed with what they seen on the
ground in Russia silly practically all
the organizations went to the
Confederations Cup last year and
actually I think you know encouraged by
what they saw in terms of do we feel
prepared do we feel we've had the right
support that we've needed from from the
official channels on I think it's in
from the phase perspective we would say
yes we do think in the meantime English
media headlines seem intent on scaring
off fans from traveling to Russia in the
summer sports journalists wrong good
body thinks that such fear-mongering
prior to any football World Cup has
become common practice for the country's
news outlets you have to realise that
this sort of coverage by the British
media is commonplace before all European
football championships and World Cups it
is something this has been come very
commonplace in the in the English and
the British media English clubs have
played five matches since 2016 in rutter
and there's been no trouble a lot of
work has been done both by the English
authorities and the Russian authorities
to try to ensure that this is a
tournament in which the activity we will
be entirely on the pitch and not off the
pitch
