depending on whose side you're on these
elections can make or break the Middle
East not because of oil nor riches
though that helps neither is its
ideology or jihadists no this is all
about friends first of three leading
candidates haider al-abadi
current prime minister the best word to
describe him is neutral Syria stay out
of it
Iran versus America stay out of it Yemen
stay out he won't be bowing to Iran but
neither will he be a pawn in America's
efforts to isolate Iran candidate number
two Nouri al-maliki former prime
minister he makes no attempt to hide his
affinity for Iran imagine if he gave
Iran bases in Iraq allowed troops and
tanks to move from Iran to Syria the
Israelis the Saudis they won't like that
one bit candidate number three
Trump's nightmare Hadi al Amiri this guy
who's an Iraqi himself fought on the
side of Iran during the iran-iraq war
enough said I believe that American
administration could be the Biggest
Loser of from the Iraqi election we have
three camps fighting to win this
election the American only have one
strong ally which is haider al-abadi who
is considered a moderate and he's trying
to keep the Iraqi alliance with the
United States but whether he is going to
win this election I have my own doubts I
think the two mister al-hadi group and
mr. al-maliki they are very close to the
Iranian and gaining a lot of support by
the Shia
so I believe they have the upper hand
until now so you see the problem here
one guy doesn't want to get involved in
anything one guy is all buddy-buddy with
Iran and the last is so pro Iranian
he'll fight you quite literally and even
with the weights tipped in its favor
America says Iran is cheating
we have worrisome evidence that Iran is
trying to influence using money
the Iraqi elections that money is being
used to sway candidates to sway votes
it's not an insignificant amount of
money we believe and we think is highly
unhelpful it's bad so bad that Western
states are sending ambassadors to and
trying to empower an Iraqi cleric whose
supporters had been killing American
troops back in the times of the US
intervention he even warned two years
ago that Americans are a target all
forgiven and forgotten you see he
doesn't like Iran any day that Iran's
military general Qasem Soleimani looks
at the TV and is unhappy is a good day
for security in the region and looking
at moqtada al-sadr as meetings in Saudi
Arabia will make him very unhappy it all
depends on whose side you're on America
lost thousands of men in Iraq spent a
trillion dollars on the war there and to
watch it all go to Iran that would hurt
