Sweden is bowing to public pressure for
a study into the link between increasing
migration and crime levels however
Stockholm is still uncertain about
publishing data that could reveal links
between the two due to the current
political climate it can now be noted
that the demand in the social debate on
updated information on the relationship
between crimes on the one hand and
dissent and migration on the other hand
is so strong that the authority needs to
consider the possibilities again the
last study in Sweden on migrants and
crime was completed over a decade ago
back in 2005 the country's police have
also begun leaving out the nationality
of criminals in official reports the
push for this latest study comes after
around 61 places in Sweden were dubbed
no-go zones due to the volume of
criminal activity is believed around
5,000 known criminals live in those
areas
we need to make a clear shift in
direction we cannot continue in this
direction ten more years society needs
to do more we need to do more we need to
focus on these areas
well Andrei farmer early discussed the
story with a member of Sweden's
Democrats party who highlighted that his
country hasn't been honest enough over
the impact of immigration immigrants
from these countries to create havoc all
around Europe and you know this needs
you know you need to stop the society
Sweden the media they need to stop
you're protecting them or or denying the
problems we have with immigration with
the information you receive them from
this survey how can it be used
productively to solve the problem well I
think that once people realize and one
once they dare to admit you know the
causes and the problems from especially
some kind of immigrant groups then it's
much easier and it gives an argument to
stop immigration from these countries
because in the end our responsibility is
to our citizens and I'm quite sure that
you know this survey will be yet another
one that will show how the media and the
left-wing liberals have lied for 30 40
years and about immigration can also say
that many people in Sweden commit sex
crimes too but we don't make an issue of
their origin yeah of course Swedish
people who commit sex crimes of crimes
in general but that the thing is when
you have an immigration you need to know
how does that immigration affect your
country it's bad enough if a Swede rape
someone that's bad enough we don't need
to import more rapes into the country
