our administration has provided over a
million documents will be fully
cooperated in it and in the interest of
the country I think it's time to wrap it
up it comes ahead of the first hearing
in a criminal case brought by the
special counsel against 13 Russian
individuals and three entities they were
accused a conspiracy to interfere in the
u.s. presidential race it was thought to
all of them were unlikely to ever appear
in court but after one company decided
to defend itself it turns out Robert
Mueller's team wasn't quite prepared for
it as Jacqueline Luger explains February
saw the first real results of Muller's
investigation finally the Russians were
being called out directly three
companies and 13 individuals were named
and shamed the massive indictment in the
robert muller investigation breaking
today diamond of 13 russians in special
counsel robert mulish investigation
Muller indicted the Russians 13 Russians
not only operating overseas but
operating right here in the United
States but given that those targeted are
Russian nationals with no worries about
extradition to the US no one expected
the matter to go any further than media
headlines but one company named to the
indictment Concord management and
consulting seemingly called Muller's
Bluff by hiring DC attorneys who showed
up for the arraignment with a plea of
not guilty
now you think Muller's office would be
happy to finally have their day in court
but no they tried to put off the hearing
on the grounds that the defendant hadn't
been properly served which is amazing as
being served is just a way of getting
the opposing party to show up to court
but given that lawyers for Concorde had
done exactly that the judge ruled
against that argument it seems
borderline immoral to indict someone
unless you can prove he's guilty of the
crime they did it for one reason only
Muller needed something Russian like
dressing on a salad to make his
investigation look good the defense
attorneys also demanded massive amounts
of documents related to the probe things
that hadn't been made public and there's
no way Muller's doing that just think
about it
turning over classified information to
the people representing a supposedly
Kremlin linked company awkward
investigators from Muller's office that
they would have been thrilled to see all
of the defendants show up like that was
ever going to happen and when
to ask if the attorneys represented a
catering company listed in the
indictment as well the aim of which was
lost even on the judge okay what would
you like me to do with that
now status hearing on the case is
scheduled for May 16th and will likely
know by then if everyone is ready to put
all of their chips on the table
