if you're looking to get up and close
and personal with Bill and Hillary
Clinton you're in luck
bill I know Hillary Clinton are going on
tour 13 city tour with former President
Bill Clinton and former Secretary of
State Hillary Clinton
America is great because America is good
the upcoming tour will wrap up in May
2019 around the time that 2020
presidential contenders are expected to
start announcing their plans to run for
the white she does not look presidential
she doesn't have the stamina stamina
tremendous stamina every time I think
about Trump I get allergic a basket of
deplorable she's guilty is out what was
his response mothers locker room talk
big bomb could rather have a puppet as
president no cops do you have the
Russian
you
