hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report oh my god I just had a revelation
eye probing the deepest recesses of my
unconscious wait a minute
Stacy hey max you know what I'm glad to
see that you have a little whiteboard we
might need it because this whole episode
is gonna be well this first half of this
episode is gonna be about charts because
the Wall Street Journal did a great
basically Assembly of charts to show
where we are ten years after the
financial crisis hit
remember the financial crisis of 2008
well 10 years later 2018 these are some
where we've come from since then and
first they start with good times are
back in the market the government pumped
trillions of dollars into the economy to
stabilize the banking system bank stocks
lagged behind the market but got a boost
after November 2016 when Donald Trump
was elected president and promised to
tear up crisis error regulations so this
is the Dow Jones Industrial Average up
there on the way and these are the
banking stocks which kind of lagged for
a while because everybody thought well
you know the dodd-frank was supposedly
gonna do something and all these sort of
regulations that were brought in to keep
them from defrauding the American people
but Donald Trump came in and the
Republicans are promising to tear up
everything well the number that they
look at to determine whether or not
they're succeeding as politicians is the
Dow Jones Industrial Average so if
that's going up they consider themselves
to be succeeding the underlying fault of
this mechanism to distribute the wealth
generated by the country is never
considered the fact that the wealth and
income gap is spreading wildly it toward
third-world status infant mortality up
in health care bankrupting millions is
not part of the equation they simply
look at the Dow Jones index to tell ya
mortality rates are not only up for
infants but also for working age adults
so that is a shock that is something
that hasn't really happened in the US
right or any drug makers are in the Dow
Jones so that goes there actually the
biggest opioid is a family-owned private
business the one in Connecticut that
oxi and all those things there I'll show
you not in a doubt right and all the
ancillary businesses that support the
heroin you know synthetic heroin
distribution they distribute heroin
instead of wealth that's the American
economy I mean back in Soviet days they
would they ran on vodka in America today
runs on synthetic heroin so we have two
more charts here showing this inequality
The Wall Street Journal does show the
two charts that establish that indeed
there has been huge inequality I
remember 2008 was when Obama came into
office he exited in 2016 so this these
are mostly his ten years this is what
happened under Barack Obama I remember a
lot of the resistance media says that
this was a great great great time but as
the actual data suggests when why the
mortality rates increase so hugely that
the you know World Health Organization
sort of bodies say this is only happens
and sort of like civil war or in
epidemics that we see increases in
mortality of the amount that has
happened in the United States well let's
look at these next two charts the first
one median household income is only up
5.3 percent since 2008 employment has
risen but about a fifth of the US jobs
are in occupations where the median
income is below the federal poverty line
and median household income is barely
above as 2008 level adjusting for
inflation so as we said like most of the
very wealth they receive more income
from dividends and you know intra in
interest income and capital gains so
they're they're still on their lower
income they're there the stock market is
up three four five folds since 2008
that's where their income comes from
people working for a living well 20% of
people in a job are being paid less than
the federal of poverty level yeah you
keep these people from revolting you
know push the synthetic heroin push the
opiates I mean I don't think there's any
coincidence that you've got a wealth
concentration unprecedented it's an even
more extreme than the robber barons in a
very docile popular
had an explosion in synthetic heroin
being pushed by the pharmaceutical
industry in the medical insurance
industry there's no coincidence they're
Americas strung out they're out there
they're nodding out there they're dopers
according to this charts from The Wall
Street Journal it would suggest that
there is an epidemic of inequality and
in a complex system one doesn't know how
it's going to manifest in San Francisco
and they Bart's the public transport
station people openly shooting smack
right there in the public and defecating
on themselves and you know people look
at that and say that's the American
economy succeeding the stocks that push
this are going up okay and you know I
hate to be very I hate to be harsh but
let's be real I'm gonna may say
something that people say oh that's very
harsh but it's true nomming I'm not
gonna say okay okay so we're gonna move
to the next chart from The Wall Street
Journal and this shows the income gap
the wealth and income gap 2008 versus
2018 inequality has grown people at the
bottom of the pay scale lost their jobs
during the crisis the government's
response to the crisis helped inflate
the value of assets like stocks and real
estate which are more often owned by the
wealthy so here you have a distribution
of wealth by wealth percentile 2007
versus 2016 so this is under Obama's
watch and the resistance wants us to
return to this they don't want to fix
this the resistance the resistance here
is the Rachel Maddow's of the world want
this to continue like this because she's
at the top she's earning a lot more so
in fact the top one percent owned thirty
three point seven percent of all wealth
in the US and 2007 now they own thirty
eight point seven percent so they're
real wealth has increased by over ten
percent
they're happy well the rest the next
nine percent owned thirty seven point
seven percent that in 2016 is 38.5
percent so a little bit better but the
bottom ninety percent owned 28.6% of us
wealth in 2007 twenty eight point six
percent now it's twenty two point eight
percent that's down what that's down
like almost twenty percent
so they've suffered a huge crushing
defeat the bottom 90% under a system
that rachel maddow
MSNBC thinks was fantastic they think
that system was so freakin great and it
like who voted against this who voted
against this it can't be us it can't be
me Rachel Maddow and this system I love
that has done so well for me it must be
some foreigners and must be some
Superman it must be some super freak
from out of out of space I see where
you're going with that yeah you know
they're trying to push the blame
somewhere else instead of on the
underlying system which is statistically
and this is the data this is coming from
your own Federal Reserve this is coming
from your borough Labor Statistics this
is coming from US government data it
shows that the top 1% are 10 over 10
percent better off the bottom 90% are
more than 20% worse off so financial
engineering Occam's razor would suggest
this is a reason people didn't want
whoever the the continuation over the
Obama regime remember Hillary Clinton
ran as a continuation of Obama even
though she was way further right than
him but she ran as a continuation of
Obama and people were like well if what
you know I'd rather just blow the whole
system up with her an orangutan I don't
care well look I mean there is the fake
left in the media space like Rachel
Maddow if I the equally a couple Bowl
our journalist so-called on the fake
right like John Stossel
who's a fake right-wing journalist who
also doesn't focus on any of the
realities that we are describing here
and you know it on the old failed
dictatorships regimes of yesterday
yesteryear as the economies were failing
and they would prop up bigger and bigger
statues of their dictators and so here
in America as the American economy is
failing miserably they're they're
propping up their icons of these you
know sp500 are these few stocks that
represent you know the the totemic you
know godsends that we should all worship
before even though they're being puffed
up by free money from the fed well
exactly
village essentially okay have you ever
ever ever ever once seen Rachel Maddow
leave New York City leave Manhattan no
she records her all the time she hangs
out with these people who who have
convinced themselves because nobody
likes to pretend that they've become
wealthy and a rigged game that they've
been the beneficiaries of free money
because they believe they've
internalized this notion that well it's
just gonna trickle down because I'm so
benevolent I tipped the waiter quite
well I give 30 40 % tips I'm a good
person and this is just trickling down
so the next chart from Wall Street
Journal for the bailouts many unhappy
returns the financial crisis cost the US
economy some six trillion to fourteen
trillion dollars in lost output and
ended only after the government promised
aid worth an estimated twelve point six
trillion dollars yet many were
dissatisfied with aspects of the
response ranging from the price tag to
the perceived choice of beneficiaries
you see how the Wall Street Journal of a
course has two because they are the Wall
Street Journal they do they're not going
to outright say well it's to perceive
it's perceived that all the money went
to Wall Street it did okay their losses
were made up the bottom 90% they're
clearly as the previous chart shows
their losses they had to eat their
losses they had to pound sound right
well no no time in history during a
crisis like a 2008 where the creditors
bailed out instead of the debtors I mean
going back even to biblical times is the
debtors that get bailed out not the
creditors but because of the fascism the
neo-fascism the Mussolini like
neo-fascism between bankers on Wall
Street and the federal government fused
together in a corporal corporal Craddock
daisy-chain of incest and bile and
financial shenanigans the creditors were
bailed out and what do they do with all
that bailed out money they inflated the
bubble even higher so now I've got S&P
hitting the new all-time highs but the
morality and the ethics of the country
and the wealth and income gap have
nosedive so you've got people the
streets shooting up heroin defecating on
themselves and like Janet Yellen
whoever's running the Fed these days
Powell Jesse Powell walking by and
saying that's a indication of our six
my kids are there shooting up heroin and
defecating in the street
Jesse Powell will say because I'm a hero
in America Thank You Jesse Powell this
last chart is going to show exactly and
demonstrate the truth of what you just
said because it says government backed
firms make up 96% of mortgage security
issuance so US housing policy is frozen
in time when Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
were bailed out in 2008 lawmakers
promised a reset of US housing finance
but 10 years later next to nothing has
changed so government backed firms 96%
of all mortgages are backed by the US
government the taxpayer and you know I
remember the 2008 financial crisis what
was always it caused by wall street
reaping huge amounts of fees and profits
for themselves when they spun all these
subprime mortgages into CDOs and other
mortgage backed securities and they
profited hugely they all went bust they
got caught holding some of these dodgy
products themselves call them you know
acts famously in the test I mean what do
we do when we have fake journalists on
the left like Rachel Maddow fake
journalists on the right like John
Stossel
and there's no coverage for Americans to
understand we need to Kaiser report
yeah of course and we're gonna be live
in New York coming up yeah right down
near Wall Street actually right like
right there next to Wall Street we're
gonna do the five shows we're gonna do a
few live shows next week we're in in New
York New York City we'll be there and
say stuff that you know I wouldn't even
know what I'm gonna say well stay tuned
for the second half much more coming
your way
don't go away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
max guys their time now to go to Chicago
and talk with miss Sherlock of mish talk
comm mich welcome back super so mish the
latest jobs report either 164 thousand
jobs were added or three thousand were
hmm the unemployment rate allegedly fell
to under four percent the first time
since 2000 okay well your thoughts on
the jobs report mish well we look at
waste rose everyone keeps expecting wage
droves and people keep talking about the
Phillips curve you know and I know the
Phillips curve is dead yet people just
cannot give up on this idea wage growth
is anemic last night it was up to like 3
o'clock in the morning I put out a
report so ok max is the you know where
are the jobs where are we creating these
jobs and what are they paying most of
these jobs except for professional and
business services or either stagnant or
manufacture has actually been declining
since 2000 or eggs been declining for
decades so I looked at two big groups
retail trade and leisure and hospitality
ask people working in bars and cheap
restaurants and the like that's where
the wage growth has been max and and
assume that's where the job growth is
bad wage growth non-existent the word
not for professional and business
services max though the whole picture
would be an absolute disaster mining
utilities those are those are two of the
big ones
no no job growth in those max none right
so as labor productivity continues to
rise hourly compensation continues to
fall right talked about that a little
bit now the BLS only comes down with the
these real wage reports every May so and
it's for a year and a half ago so we're
going on two years old here now but the
last stats I had max was was that real
wages that's that's inflation adjusted
wages aren't down in seven out of the
last eleven years and people keep expect
Millennials to go out and buy houses
went home crisis which aren't even in
the CPA keep rising and rising and
rising real wages are declining and it
kind of can't figure out why people
aren't buying off well they can't afford
presumably it's dangerous to the
stability of this consumer economy and
political system right is there a so
called cohesion risk as the economist
likes to call it mish well there's so
many arrests here and I keep reading
stupider and stupider things right
before we came on France came out and
said you know their budget director said
he's looking to balance the budget oh
you know and I know that ain't gonna
happen however the economic commentary
on it was that it was insane so Sydnor
thinking in this world of Keynesianism
and MMT and three government spending
and money grows on trees this we've now
come to the point where allegedly it's
insane to talk about balancing the
budget that's where we are and and yet
despite this despite this what
governments are doing in Japan in Europe
in the United States the CPI at least as
they measure it of course they don't put
asset prices in there most definitely
homes or the stock market prices are
barely rising again if you believe them
and in a lot of ways I do because they
don't measure what's important they
don't measure the cost of education
health care is underreported in the CPI
and home prices aren't in the CPI at all
so of course the way they measure it
they say that inflation is benign it's
really not and and ma Neil's the screwed
generation are really getting screwed on
this I just say wages are either not
keeping pace or declining rents however
are surging this has been going on for a
while you know I can talk about this a
little bit I thought
work on the rent cafe they published
these these stats we're seeing the
biggest year-over-year increases in
rents in quite a while of course it's
all over the map
now I emailed them and asked them I said
I wanted to know if this was weighted
averages and they said yes you know some
cities are soaring and you know where is
that of course it's near where they were
find oil some places indexes we're
saying rents up as much as 32% of a year
Wow the the that's that's tied to oil in
other places namely you know New York
City where people are fleeing actually
people are fleeing Illinois as well so
we're seeing declining Arats this is
another one of the fallacies though that
the BLS takes all these things puts them
in a mixer averages them out and says
aha you know this is what's happening
well CPI is really an individual thing
if you're going to college you know your
CPI is way higher if if you're paying
for your own health care
your CPI is way higher if you're on
Medicare and I'm gonna be on Medicare in
September max I there's a plus and a
minus to that the - of course is I'm
getting old the plus is I'm getting
nearly free health care all of that
figures in and they say well let's
average this out and with people getting
older and older and going on Medicare
who's paying for this well it's the
young healthy workers that are screwed
they can't afford a house essentially
they're paying by Medicare for me makes
no sense max let's look at some of the
bigger economic trends out there and
let's look a little bit at gold you know
we've been talking about gold for a
number of years and watching it happen
flow with different scenarios now the
demand and q1 has slumped to a ten-year
low the previous low was the q1 of 2008
which was then turned out to be a big
springboard we know what happened later
that year
so your thoughts on on gold mesh and and
the dollar well that was the headline
max the headline was gold demands slumps
to the greatest to most in in ten years
that's that's a blatant fallacy you know
it and I know it how do we know we know
it by looking at the price the price is
not at a ten-year low your Max and you
know all these analysts say they they
look at jewelry demand they look at
demand for coins and it's the demand for
coins from the retail investor was what
they were talking about that demand is
at a ten-year low assuming the report is
accurate I have no reason to believe
that it's not people are actually
selling their coins there now to invest
in stocks I mean personally I think
that's crazy
but that that's that's what's going on
or at least that's what the report says
is going on but that's not to demand for
gold every ounce of gold nearly every
ounce of gold this ever been mine since
inception is still in existence that is
part of the gold supply yet gold prices
$300 off the bottom a few years ago
that's the real demand the real demand
is what is is all the people holding
gold they could sell it but they're not
they choose to hold it at a price $300
off of the bottom and with retail
investors selling their coins to buy
stocks or maybe just to pay bills max
actually likely that's what I think is
happening because consumers are tapped
out the that's the demand for gold
so these analysts are want and and the
retail investors selling their gold
coins
that's a contrarian indicator if you ask
me max I think this is a really nice
time here to buy gold when people are
tossing it away when retail investors
don't understand what's going on or
they're tapped out and they need to sell
their gold just to pay the bills right
well yeah and then on the dollar
you know the dollars always talked about
in the same sentence as gold these two
are having kind of
symbiotic relationship well you know the
dollars been rallying recently so how
does that factor into admission
well the dollars been rallying gold is
actually held in solid it's it's been
drifting every time the price in the in
the last actually from two years now
it's in a two year consolidation pattern
here right around $1300 an ounce the the
every time it's trying to break out
above that 13 level 50 level it's been
turned back and every time people you
know it falls back we see the talk from
economists as well as it's going to
crash it's going to drop to 500 or 800
or whatever the I like my chances here
the US deficit is is going up in in
Europe I think there at the end of the
recovery that there's foreign currencies
that are really under pressure here
right now and of course no one believes
any of the stats out of China I think
the global economy has P Tyr I've said
that before
raagh you got to admit your own mistakes
but here we are looks like it again and
very few see it coming the Fed thinks
the risks are skewed to the other side
and in in the eurozone we've had really
bad economic reports out of Germany for
about the last half a year now so how is
that going to work
thing Germany's not going to be an
engine of growth and we have Trump
firing off trade wars with about
everybody max no one wins trade wars it
might raise prices and that's kind of
what we've seen here oil prices are
going up on on this talk the last time
oil was surging like this was was 2008
well then hit a hundred and forty the
next thing we knew the US was in
recession max I think we're heading up
for a replay of that if so what's the
Fed gonna do I think we know what
they're gonna do they're gonna they're
gonna cut rates
they're probably going to panic if we
hit another recession I think that's
going to be good for gold ultimately
Gold is a measure of faith in central
banks and that's really what topped a
few years ago when the gold bottom
Mario Draghi came out in 2012 and he
said we will do whatever it takes to
save the euro and believe me it'll be
enough the irony of that statement max
was he didn't do anything they did
nothing the that statement alone however
restored confidence in central banks for
a while people are now questioning faith
in central banks people are wondering in
the US whether or not the feds behind
the curve the ECB has made no progress
at all in its battle to produce
inflation yet we've blown these asset
bubbles and the court of the day I
quoted a month was was came out of a
report the other day the just hit me
because it was synonymous of what I've
been saying in his it's yeah if they
wanted to cause deflation the central
banks would do exactly what they've been
doing for the last six years building
these asset bubbles when they burst it's
going to cause deflation
all right mish well we got our cutter
off there of course another benefit of
being near Social Security age is you've
got tremendous wisdom we appreciate
bringing it to the show thanks for being
on the Kaiser report max always a
pleasure we need to do this more often
and we'll see you next time and that's
gonna do it for this edition of the
Kaiser report with me max Kaiser and
Stacy Herbert like to think I guess mish
OH
mish talk.com if you want to reach us on
twitter it's cause report until next
time bye y'all
