a congressman has asked the Trump
administration to resume its funding of
the controversial Syrian activist group
the white helmets reports of Washington
cutting money to the group emerged a
week ago through though no confirmation
has been issued so far artis came up and
dug deeper into the story for us well II
D rose from the Foreign Affairs
Committee of the US Congress he's met
with the white helmets on many occasions
with other politicians he's been
photographed with them he's a big
supporter of the white helmets and now
he's calling for their funding to be
immediately restored we cannot abandon
the region we must work with our
partners and use all the tools of
diplomacy including financial pressure
and US assistance to help change
conditions on the ground the
administration should start by
immediately resuming stabilization
funding including to the white helmets
now already the United States has
provided the white helmets with over 32
million dollars from the USAID now they
also receive funding from various
European governments as well as
governments throughout the Middle East
and when it was announced that their
funding would be cut there were offers
from the United Kingdom to fill the gap
for the UK to provide funding of their
own to actually fill up that gap and
make up for the loss of funding from the
United States they've actually had a
close tie with the United Kingdom for a
long time in fact the white helmets were
organized by a former member of mi6 they
have faced for a long time accusations
of having ties with extremist groups as
well as the fact that they only operate
in rebel-held territories that they deny
the accusation that they cooperate with
the extremist groups now the white
helmets have always claimed they're an
impartial organization we've actually
heard some very strong criticism sysm of
them coming from Russia and Syria and
the governments of Russia and Syria have
gone as far as to point out that it
appears that a number of their videos
have actually been staged in order to
effectively serve kind of talking points
against the Syrian government now ed
Royce has come forward and called for
their funding to be immediately restored
he said that this would serve the end of
to help change conditions on the ground
in Syria so we shall see exactly what
chain
he is referring to let's not talk to Ken
stone from the Hamilton coalition to
stop the war Ken thanks for being with
us here on Rt International so what
could be the reason behind the US
administration reviewing aid to the
white helmets I mean are they failing to
praise Trump's efforts or I mean are
they falling prey to Trump's effort to
cut spending to a number of US aid
programs around the world I mean what is
that play here the white helmets have
lost their luster
they've been widely discredited in the
eyes of the whole world as a fraud as a
propaganda arm of the Western military
intervention illegal military
intervention in Syria and its I have to
give the credit to RT and to independent
journalists such as vanessab Ely and Eva
Bartlett who've been interviewed on RT
for showing that the white helmets are
are a asset of al Qaeda in Syria and
that is to say I'm Nora so my guess is
that the Trump administration has
estimated that the return on the dollar
and it's a lot of dollars thirty two
million that they're spending on the
white helmets is declining and so there
and that is the reason for the review of
the continuing funding but one on the
other hand one has to be realistic and
you can't depend on anything that is
said by the US government for example on
one day Trump said that he was going to
remove the US presence in Syria the next
day the Pentagon said exactly the
opposite a couple of days later Trump
said he would keep to the Syrian keep
the US presence in Syria provided that
the Saudi government paid four billion
dollars and then a few days later the
white helmets staged their very clumsy
and amateurish false flag operation this
alleged chemical incident in Duma and
then you
then President Trump along with mr.
macro and Mrs May launched over a
hundred missiles on Syria so one can't
depend on what they say it's an open
question and in my opinion whether or
not the US will continue funding at this
point for the white helmets now Edie
Royce is the chair of the House Foreign
Affairs Committee with will his view
carry any weight with the White House
given his position there I mean how
large is the support for the group in
the US Congress in general how mr. Royce
will carry weight with the White House
he is a Republican and he has the
support unfortunately of almost the
entire Congress there are only one or
two dissenting voices in the US Congress
against the u illegal u.s. regime-change
operation in Syria notably the
courageous congresswoman from Hawaii
Tulsi Gabbard but the rest of the
Congress is behind the illegal war and I
have to say that this is a good time for
us taxpayers to pick up the phone and
call their M their congressperson their
congressperson Island or their senator
and say I don't want my tax dollars to
be used to meddle in the internal
affairs of a sovereign country so yes
unfortunately he will have some say
moreover on April 19th I believe Heather
Newark the spokesperson for the State
Department said categorically that the
government of the US would continue
paying the paychecks to the white
helmets personnel so I think that that's
a good indication that mr. Royce has
support furthermore Senator McCain and
his Institute awarded the white helmets
a prestigious award a few weeks ago I
think that overwhelmingly in Congress
the the mood is hawkish even though the
people of the United States have been
shown not to be hawkish not to want
these Wars
well let's switch gears now to Canada
the white helmets
paid a visit to the Canadian Parliament
just a few weeks ago do you expect
Canada
continue supporting the group
regrettably I have to say that they I
believe the Canadian Parliament will
they came to Parliament at the end of
March to the subcommittee the
parliamentary Subcommittee on human
rights and asked for continuing funding
in order to quote save lives we know
that that's ridiculous they don't save
lives they from they prolong the war and
called for further military intervention
by the Western powers it was so bad that
the the Foreign Affairs critic for the
New Democratic Party and then loved
every the air issued had her picture
taken with the white helmets delegation
and issued a tweet which called upon the
Canadian foreign minister to intervene
with the US government and plead for the
funding that the u.s. continued funding
the white helmet so in other words to
the shame of the new democratic party
their Foreign Affairs critic is acting
at just Schill in for Washington to
continue funding and I'm I'm appalled
the people in the peace movement in
Canada are absolutely appalled and there
were up in arms over this and I'm hoping
that Canadian taxpayers are taking
notice and are going to let the
government know that we don't want our
tax dollars to be used for a war an
illegal war in Syria alright ken stone
from the Hamilton coalition to stop the
war thanks for being with us here on our
2 international
