Canada's conservative House Leader
Candice Bergen wants to know what
authorities are doing at about at least
sixty former ISIL fighters who have
returned to Canada and comes on the
heels of a New York Times podcast in
which a former jihadi gave a detailed
account of his killings in Syria this
individual described how he executed
individuals by shooting them in the back
of the head he said that the people he
was shooting deserved it and he said I
know I won't be held accountable he said
that at least twice former ISIL fighters
known as Abu Sipho confessed to taking
part in execution-style murders of Sunni
Muslim men he said he decided to leave
Syria after the second time he killed a
person who was I left in 2014 to join
the extremist group when he was only 17
years old he now lives in Toronto as
Canadian House members were told to
their surprise Canada's Public Safety
Minister Ralph Goodale refused to
provide details on the status of the ex
ISIL fighter however he insists that
Canadians are safe and that security
agencies are doing their job Alessandro
Bruno contributor to the geopolitical
monitor com thinks Western government's
policy towards Syria has encouraged
people to join extremist groups there
many Western governments have taken a
very ambiguous line at best and at worst
say France the United States Great
Britain have taken a direct line in
antagonizing the Syrian regime making it
seem like it was okay to go and fight
for Isis given that you were fighting
the evil regime of Assad so definitely
they should not be surprised a blow back
there about at least 60 such fighters
who have come back from fighting in
Syria rather than putting fighters in
jail they sort of debriefed after this
story and has come out in Parliament
particularly people conservatives
particular in certain provinces don't
like
sudo will definitely make a this into a
bigger story
and I'm sure that Trudeau will probably
pay a price or have to explain before
the next election
