protesters shifted to the right of the
fence and what happened that the Israeli
forces started firing tear gas a lot of
tear gas was was fired on these
protesters so the protesters came back
here and at least 3,000 Palestinian
protesters are very very very close
offense at least the 40 Palestinian
protesters have been injured so far
Palestinian youth protesters said that
they won't go home today
without breaking the fence so we have
been seeing a lot of attempts to break
the fence and the Israelis fired a lot
of teargas
to try to disperse all these protesters
tensions are escalating a lot of teargas
since the morning a live of a lot of
live ammunition and there was a
Palestinian child who was injured in his
head protesters have been flying kites
with the Palestinian flags and we saw
the Israeli soldiers targeting these
flags with live ammunition we were
talking to them some people of the
committee of organizing the 14th and
15th they said that there will be
thousands and thousands of kites with
Palestinian flags and - what is obvious
that the Palestinians are are serious
about what is going to happen on the
14th and the 15th today is just the last
Friday of the great march of return but
the 14th and the 15th are expected to be
a very very very tough days I was local
journalist Hinke dari well as she said
Palestinians have also recently started
to resort to a new form of violent
protests attaching fire bombs to kites
and then flying them over the border
fence into Israeli held territory the
Israeli Defense Forces stated that they
will continue to operate against the
protests which they call a terrorist act
inspired by Hamas and as the u.s. ready
to move its embassy to Jerusalem on
Monday the protests are likely to
intensify the UN is now warning of
potential escalation I'm particularly
worried about today and the coming days
with the US Embassy moved to Jerusalem
on Monday
and with the planned protests in Gaza
and take this opportunity again to call
on Israel to be very careful and
calibrated and how it uses force and
addressing the protesters in Gaza but
also call on Hamas and the leaders of
the protests in Gaza to prevent friction
and to prevent situations in which
provocations can happen
well the diplomatic switch to Jerusalem
was first announced last year sparking
deadly protests in Palestine as well as
condemnation across the globe the city
has long been a point of contention it's
regarded as a holy site in several
religions however Israel claims it as
its capital I have determined that it is
time to officially recognize Jerusalem
as the capital of Israel
