a man who was violently escorted out of
a Senate hearing and detained on
Wednesday has been released walking out
of the court facility 79 year old CIA
veteran Ray McGovern showed bruises he
blamed on security he was one of the
protesters who interrupted the session
denouncing the controversial CIA chief
nominee Jena hospital van was charged
with resisting arrest and disrupting
Congress and was stunned to that he was
taken into custody I was in shock you
know this may be hard to believe but I
took the Chairman at his word he said if
you have something to say and he was
sort of sort of diffident about it you
know if you have something to say we'll
say it briefly and then leave well I
said it but my god that's when you're
asking me what happened
I remember what have all I know is this
happened to me
