hundreds of kittens are being put down
every year after being used in
experiments on food poisoning scientists
use them to investigate diseases such as
toxoplasmosis and after the experiments
even healthy cats were allegedly killed
Justin Goodman vice-president of the
white coat waste project claims this has
been going on for decades been doing it
for nearly 50 years the figure of 100
kittens a year comes directly from the
approved application for the very
project that were criticizing it says in
there numerous times that they plan to
use 100 kittens a year and that this
number is based on the number of kittens
they've used in previous years so it's
not only that they're killing up to 100
kittens now it's that they've been doing
it for decades and they admit that in
their documents well after all this has
come out the US Department of
Agriculture finds itself under fire it
says it didn't consider the option of
adoption as the animals could have posed
a threat to people by spreading the
disease however the World Health
Organization explained that cats are not
the main way the disease is spread
Justin Goodman again says the cat's
posed no danger
it is absolutely false and untrue what
the USDA is saying about these cats
possibly posing a risk to people the US
Centers for Disease Control one of our
top health agencies the American
Veterinary Medical Association and the
Association for veterinary medical
colleges as well as lots of other
authorities all say that cats who have
had this parasite are perfectly safe to
have in your house the government
agencies say that these cats are healthy
and could be people's pets they could be
adopted out but instead the US
Department of Agriculture is killing 100
kittens a year for no reason
