here it is the panacea to all your
doubts Russian meddling exposed 3519 ads
on Facebook posted by Russia allegedly
say US Democrats the Russian social
media campaign was designed to further a
broader Kremlin objective sowing discord
in the US by in flaming passions on a
range of divisive issues the point of
these ads they say was to divide
Americans but you take a closer look and
the real takeaway is Russia really
really sucks at meddling take this ad
for the african-american civil rights
movement zero clicks zero impressions
meaning no one ever saw it that's real
poor interfering right there but next
now here's a surprise a blue lives
matter post black versus blue seen by a
grand total of no one alright poor show
so far but how about this one and add
for Muslims it says we believe in
individual liberty in the free market
take heart Liberty will prevail
the catch is it appears as if posted by
a group defending the Second Amendment
the right to bear arms and there are
literally hundreds of such groups and
Facebook alone okay okay let's take
something truly divisive Tomika cross a
black doctor felt humiliated when Delta
Airlines flight attendants refused to
believe that she was a qualified
physician now that's allegedly intended
to stop tensions to tear Americans apart
except that's exactly how it was
reported in US media Delta is responding
to a viral facebook post from an African
American doctor who says she was
discriminated against on a flight she
says when the flight attendant yelled
for a physician on board she raised her
hand but was rejected you know how much
the Russians spent in this a hundred
thousand dollars a huge sum right it's
roughly zero point
zero zero zero one percent of what Trump
spent at his campaign so what's the
takeaway Russia is really bad at
meddling some of those ads weren't never
seen by anyone
mothers were copy pasted from mainstream
media and that's if you believe that
these were Russian ads the only thing
these ads prove is Russia will never
ever be as good as US media at dividing
America
