hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter LaBelle
Donald Trump claims he's the master of
the deal but when it comes to Iran it is
the art of No Deal
the reasons the American president
withdrew from the nuclear deal ranged
from lies and disinformation to outright
political propaganda Trump claims he has
made America safer a dubious claim
closer to the truth is probably
attempted force regime change in Iran
crosstalking the Iran deal I'm joined by
Magus Mohammed morandi and Turan he's an
associate professor at the University of
Tehran in London we have Adel Darwish he
is a political commentator and author of
the book the edge of war and in
Pittsburgh we have Bruce Bay al-abadi he
is a partner at global growth advisors
international strategic consultant Lee
group based in New York
all right gentlemen crosstalk rules in
effect that means he can jump in any
time you want and I always appreciate it
Mohammed let me go to you two ran since
you know Donald Trump's obsession with
your country
I watched live the live stream on RT of
his reasons if they can be called
reasons for withdrawing from the from
the deal and as I said in the
introduction it was a mixture of
misinformation disinformation and
outright pop propaganda I think an
entire documentary series could actually
be made on that single speech so I want
to skip ahead in the question everyone's
asking if it is is is this just the
preamble to a military conflict with
Iran go ahead in Tehran yes it was
extraordinary even accused Iran of
helping al Qaeda and the Taliban where
we all know everyone knows that the
United States and Saudi Arabia they were
the ones behind the establishment of the
extremists in Afghanistan and Pakistan
which led to al Qaeda and the Taliban
and in fact a while back he actually
said that you you know the Iranians and
the Russians are fighting Isis so
apparently his worldview changes very
rapidly but no I don't I don't think
it's really possible for the United
States to seriously contemplate any
military aggression against Iran or the
so called the notion of this you know
regime change as they say because first
of all Iran is a very powerful country
it's a very large country the country is
United but very much thanks to Trump
because now the differences that existed
over negotiating with the United States
are all over everyone agrees that you
can't talk to the United States they're
simply unreliable those who were opposed
to the negotiations are saying we were
right and those who were for the
negotiation said well we gave it a shot
and we showed that
they're they're dishonest and of course
this began under Obama he wasn't abiding
by the agreement either but Trump ended
it so the country's United it's much
stronger today than before it's it's
been dealing with sanctions for a long
time now and since that deal was never
really implemented Iran is still working
around sanctions so it's much better
equipped to deal with sanctions than
before its global position is much
better because Trump has isolated
himself in countries like Russia and
China know that if Iran grows weak it's
it's not good for them either because
they'll be next and Iran's regional
status is is very powerful Iran has very
strong allies across the region and
Americans have a presence across the
region so they would be very vulnerable
if there was any form of conflict okay
so I don't think I don't take that sort
of okay listen maybe we're not there yet
Adel let me go to you in London I'd like
to refer you to an op-ed that John
Bolton wrote for The Washington Post
that was titled the Iran deal was
betrayed by its own dismal record I mean
it's really quite fascinating reading
because it doesn't deal with the deal
whatsoever everything on the margins he
doesn't you know and in the whole
coverage of it in Western media
particularly on cable TV
never once maybe I missed something I
don't watch it 24/7 but nobody mentions
the IAEA that says that Iran is in
compliance that's not mentioned by
Donald Trump either okay I mean this is
what I find quite remark about it and I
think Muhammad is absolutely right it's
gonna get down to a reputational issue
here I mean if you don't want to deal
with the facts and only focus on your
prejudices it's gonna be tough dealing
with the United States in the future
later in the program I want to talk
about how Europe is gonna deal with it
go ahead Adel react I don't know if you
read the John Bolton piece but it's
really very interesting fiction go ahead
well it's actually it's not a surprise
coming from John Bolton because we know
how he actually stands I remember when
there was a crisis between Iran and the
Royal Navy in patrolling Shatt al-arab
at the Gulf where the Iranians took some
marines hostages who read book
were unarmed which and I remember Bolton
actually wanted the troops attack Iran
and the ribbon and the British diplomats
were trying to calm him down so that's
his view but let's go back to this
question actually would it a polishing
or withdrawal from the deal make America
safer I don't think the question is
actually public America safer or not is
the question of making Trump's position
safer within his constituency let's not
forget that actually pulling out of the
deal was part of his election campaign
true so he still he still see the world
through the this very very stove narrow
window of his own constituency and his
own promises there now you were asking
Mohammed about sort of regime change I
don't think that wasn't I don't think
even though his part of strategy he has
it is question of if he's continued
conflict would be bad proxy s or Iran
will use Hezbollah and the America would
use its own sort of allies Israel and
and so on but but but finally I think
what he the problem he had with the deal
is incomplete because he's sort of
allies the Arabs were not included in
the deal the ballistic missiles and so
on he could have really continued oil as
an appendix to this deal says ok let's
just but let's continue on that knows
been in Pittsburgh I absolutely agree
with Adele they did this the nuclear
deal was an opening it could have
started a process and I think a lot of
it wanted that to be the case where ok
you can't solve all problems all at once
because we know the Middle East is an
amazingly complicated place but that's
not what happened here
and they and I want to make sure our
viewers remind them the Iran is
following to the letter I mean the
inspections are very intrusive here now
adding on ballistic missiles and
everything else and rants foreign policy
is extremely unreasonable
and that's exactly why they do want to
put this on the table because they know
that's never going to happen here go
ahead in Pittsburgh
Peter you right when President Obama
tried for almost 700 days to sign this
deal jcpoa and it was signed by July of
2015 the intention was one thing to take
military option off the table for a
national security establishment in the
United States and they did that right
why so because they knew if they widen
the scope of the deal meaning if they
would include other activities like ICBM
and others there would be no deal on the
table then they could not bring the
Chinese they could not bring the
Russians and the Europeans to have
consensus that they knew that was not
gonna happen now here's what has
happened I agree the chances of military
confrontation with Iran hasn't escalated
but it has gone up how so because by
putting if you will now yeah or by
boxing the United States in the no jcpoa
status the United States is in a way
escalating tension in already escalated
tensions middle east that we have right
now we just saw there we just saw what's
happening in within Syria between Iran
allegedly and also Israelis so this
teaser these are problematics here's
what's happening with President Trump
present Trump he says he's he's about
America first and if he's about America
first even if he was looking at the
politics of the nuclear deal Peter he
should have known that any escalation in
the nuclear deal or getting out of it
who caused oil prices to go up despite
what the Arabs will say about rising the
quotas if Iran gets out of the market so
that's extremely extremely problematic
so what's gonna happen to the trans
constituency for the midterm elections
they're gonna see it at the gas the gas
stations so all in all it was not a good
move it was not a good if you will have
policy yet and it is by far the biggest
slap in the face for American allies
particularly Europeans that's a more so
than TPP and Perry's climatic that's
where I want to go muhammediye that's
you know allies here when you when you
saw McCrone and you saw
mitt was a Merkel and we had
Boris Johnson going to the White House
with hat in hand quite humiliating okay
the Allies there and this is this is
real money for the Europeans and
they actually did enter the Iranian
market the the American companies were
intimidated even though the US was still
in the deal this is a very interesting
breaking point I don't think the
Europeans have much spine yet but I mean
this may help them grow a spine
go ahead Mohamed well I am I'm skeptical
that they will grow a spine because the
way in which they were humiliated in
front of Trump and the fact that they
tolerated it was was extraordinary I
mean the dandruff flick I mean it was it
was really disturbing in a way but I and
what's something that was mentioned
earlier I think is was very important
than that the Iranians said actually it
was ayatollah khamenei 2-3 years ago
during the negotiations he said that if
the United States acted in good faith
yeah with regards to the negotiations
and the nuclear deal and implementing it
then we could start begins start talking
about other issues as well he said that
enough in a public speech but what did
the United States do they did the exact
opposite as soon as the nuclear deal was
signed the United States under Obama
began to violate it and under Trump they
continued that and now Trump says that
no work the Iranians are going to come
back to the negotiating table which is
absolutely impossible no for two reasons
one is because the issues that want to
put on the table for example Iran's a
missile defense if it wasn't for Iran's
missile defense then the United States
would be able to attack Iran and
secondly Iran's presence in Syria in
Iraq Iran knows that if it pulls out of
Syria and Iraq then the extremists would
be able to re-emerge again and then we
would have a national security threat so
let me go in addition to that the issue
hang on let me go to a gimme go to Adel
before we go to the breaker Adel I had
the impression that Trump speech was
written by the Israeli Foreign Ministry
what do you think 20 seconds before we
go to the break well I think these
ladies are making be making this noise
since in the mid-1990s it actually
happened coincidence I don't think that
Trump had this sort of white strategy to
involve others and that you know to be
good idea if he actually consult the
others for your
all right general I'm gonna jump in here
we're gonna go to a short break and
after that short break we'll continue
our discussion on the broken deal with
Iran stay with our team welcome back to
crosstalk where all things are
considered on Peter labelled remind you
we're discussing the broken deal with
Iran
rosemon let me go back to you in
Pittsburgh Donald Trump claims and his
cronies around him like Mike Pompeo and
and and john john bolton you know that
iran was in violation the fact of the
matter is it's the united states net now
that is in violation of that
internationally signed agreement and
it's not pointed out enough in
mainstream media what is the
significance of the fact that it ran
will stay in the deal with the other
signatories because right before we
heard noises and and whispers that you
know a ran would pull out of it
completely if it stays in it it really
puts a lot of pressure on the united
states that is the odd man out in this
so that it's really flipped over iran
was always the odd guy out and now it's
the u.s. at least when it comes to the
global opinion go ahead in Pittsburgh
Peter you're right frankly a United
States did that to isolate Iran but the
consequence of it which also greatly
depends on what Iran will do in the
coming weeks and coming months
potentially if you will isolate the
United States here's what we have to
keep in mind Iran made a sound policy
and some foreign policy particularly
articulated by President rouhani right
after transfer to a plot White House
briefing on Tuesday he said we will stay
in a deal we will try to work with the
Europeans you see what's gonna happen
the Supreme Leader of Iran despite his
pessimism also reiterate at that point
what does this mean if Iran stays in the
deal and if Iran does that in the long
run what will happen is it will business
away the Europeans away from Washington
and that's important for Iran also at
the same time let's look at the economic
ramifications the United States was
trying to hit Iran in a way by getting
out of the deal but it actually really
hit the Europeans because if the
Europeans even get out of the deal what
will happen they will get replaced by
the Russian side the Chinese as we're
seeing it today on the ground in Tehran
yeah you know mom and expand upon that
because you know this is a diplomatic
opening for Russia and China something
that the neo cons it's around Trump is
probably uh probably abhors but you know
I get the the sense you've lived in the
United States before you know they do
they actually think these things out the
consequences of their actions here
because I have the impression that the
neo cons that
wrote that speech for him they probably
were laughing up to sleep that he
actually said it and at the same time
the same people that abhorred Trump
during the campaign are still plotting
to get rid of him I mean it's really
truly amazing he does their bidding but
he's still gonna be undermined by them
it's quite extraordinary and I want to
talk a little bit about Israel as well
go ahead Mahmoud yes III think that
first of all to add on to what was said
before I think Iran has made a smart
move to wait at least a few weeks is
bait is to is putting the focus on the
United States if you Ron had withdrawn
immediately then everyone would have
said the u.s. and Iran both pulled out
but now the the the the humiliation for
the United States is is reinforced this
way and there is an opportunity for the
Europeans to do something I'm not
optimistic and I think ultimately Oh
fall apart but still I think that was a
smart move by Iran I think in addition
to that Trump the another serious
mistake that Trump made was that he is
banking or he's hoping that Iran will be
forced to come to the table I explained
a couple of reasons before but what I'd
like to add is that the very fact that
the United States has violated this
agreement and the fact that it has not
abided by the agreement is the biggest
reason why Iran simply can't negotiate
with the United States anymore yeah
because the Iranians know that if they
appease the United States they'll do the
same thing over and over again so it's a
it's a useless move just to sit down and
talk with the Americans so right now
basically what the Americans have done
and I think the problem going back to
what you're asking the problem is that I
think the ideology of American
exceptionalism the Americans think that
everyone wants to be with Americans
because we are better than everyone else
so deep down the Iranians want us so
they don't recognize that if they if
they shut their doors if the Europeans
are unable to stand up to the United
States and they want to remain feeble
and weak in the eyes of the
international community the doors to
Russia and China are open and the
relationship between Iran Russia and
China will improve and ironically since
Russia is being demonized by the West
and being sanction
by the West at the same time and China
is increasingly being demonized and
punished through tariffs and and
sanctions they the Americans themselves
are pushing these three countries to get
together and once you do that it's not
easy to reverse that process yes they're
bringing them together and once that
these countries grow close or any
country all countries once they move
closer to each other for a number of
years then it's it's almost impossible
to reverse it yeah Adele it's a very
good point that Muhammad makes because
you know dealing in good faith I mean
you know why would the Chinese want to
make a grand bargain with the United
States that say on trade or why would
Russia want to come to the table and
talk about arms control if the the next
president can flip the decision of its
predecessor I mean this is why these
kind of agreements are very important
this was through the United Nations you
know the way it's portrayed in the
United States it's almost as if it was
bilateral and it wasn't okay Adele what
what influence did Saudi Arabia and
Israel play in this decision because
they're probably the only two major
characters in the world that are happy
about this outside of the circle that
surround Donald Trump go ahead Adel yeah
I was checking actually yesterday after
I got a email from us checking the
reaction in the region and it seems to
be the United Arab Emirates the Saudi
Arabia Israel Egypt and the whole sort
of golf camp that they were making the
noises when they were not part of the
negotiation that led to the nuclear deal
in the first place I think the Israelis
that stands here is coincidental but
it's been a long-term sort of pushing by
the Arab side led by Saudi Arabia into
the reopening of it because like
yesterday there were some ballistic
missiles filed from by hoses from Yemen
the Iranian made intercepted in Saudi
Arabia and I think this is sort of what
parts we are unhappy about also the
various Arab regimes who have been
supporting the soap
old rebels in Syria who are just mainly
Islamists they feel also that the
balance has been tipped because of the
Russian involvement and because of the
Iranian involvement so it's actually
various aspects of it but but again you
see we seem to be giving the Trump
administration more credit in planning
some strategies that it isn't really a
Trump is personally appeasing his own
constituencies for pulling an election
promise and if he managed to pull the
Hat a rabbit out of the Hat on Korea and
we have seen how to plant who is today
with the release of the three prisoners
from there and he would say ah my
tougher stance worked with Korea why
should work with Iran
so we have to watch you a half but now I
agree with you but I think the North
Koreans are gonna want to make sure the
Chinese and the Russians are guarantors
to any kind of agreement because this
has got to be worrisome yes they do you
know you one country that doesn't have
nuclear weapons you pull out an
agreement and then you're gonna trust
the country that does have it I mean
this is not being very well thought
through a ruse BAE let me go to you in
Pittsburgh because I think it's really
important here we don't know what the
torans ultimate decisions going to be I
think we all agree that having a
cooling-off period maybe a few weeks a
few months to decide what to do but
let's say just for example that they
walk away from the agreement as well and
and and and there's they will be able to
longer be inspections they'll be and
they'll be able to go and do what they
want and that should be Israel's worst
nightmare but you know that's Bibi
Netanyahu's world but what I do worry
about and what I think is so shameful
about the u.s. pulling out of this deal
that it is a an assault on nonpolar
proliferation of nuclear weapons look at
the Saudis look who's running that shop
over there it's not unlikely it's not
unreasonable that if you don't know what
it Ran's going to do you're going to
develop your own nuclear weapon we
already have a nuclear Israel I mean we
could have a regional ours race that is
like that is the last thing the region
needs to be worrying about the
proliferation of nuclear weapons across
the board go ahead and in Pittsburgh
you're right
Peter absolutely you're right on the
money here's the problem this is the
broader issue let's forget about Avanti
let's forget about Trump let's forget
about Israel and Riyadh for a second
this is a failure altogether for
disarmament and NPT the consequences are
it's probably gonna be the one of the
most consequential decision that Trump
has made and it's not going to be just
felt within the Middle East region but
across the globe it's going to be
extremely problematic but also I want to
say that I don't I don't want to
generalize the Israelis were also the
sitings
we got Netanyahu in Tel Aviv mmds in
Riyadh so these people seem to be making
a lot of noise and at least be happy
about the deal falling apart by United
States leaving the deal at least for the
time being but I think deep down within
Israeli national security establishment
as well as with the Saudis national
security establishment they are losing
sleep
they're extremely worried they are not
happy about this because this is too
much politics and this politics the
politics is going to be destabilizing
the region big-time and under North
Koreans the North Koreans are buying
time we don't know what the deal is
going to look like we just have to look
at what President Trump will accomplish
in Singapore oh we don't know but thank
you but North Koreans have been doing
this this is extremely complex if there
was gonna so they were gonna sign the
deal they would have done it in the past
two decades they're not gonna do that so
they're just buying time what I think
China's quite happy okay well you know
you know I think it's really interesting
we have two really unpredictable
characters here we have the North Korean
regime and Trump I mean that's an
interesting mixture we'll see how it
plays out actually I'm more optimistic
with every passing day that something's
going to be done with North Korea
because I think the Chinese are gonna be
a guarantor and the Russians will go
along with it and I think you know we
could make progress there but you know
you know we've seen the past year
Mohammad I'll give you the last minute
here kind of reiterate for us some what
is the feeling inside of Iran right now
because we knew that hardliners were
always against this now is there some
kind of consolidation of how to approach
it's because like you pointed out the
Iran that is of today is much stronger
it given all the pressure from the West
than it was when it even signed the
agreement 40 seconds go ahead yes I
think that
has brought about a great deal of
national unity I think people recognize
that the United States is cannot be
trusted at all and that I think
strengthens the country in addition
while there will be economic difficulty
I think that the Iranians see that Saudi
Arabia is bleeding itself to death in
Yemen and with it with its other
policies and despite the large amount of
Israeli propaganda things are not going
well on the border with Syria the
Israelis are now figuring out that their
Iron Dome is not working despite all the
things that they're trying to say
through the Western media and they
recognize that Iran Syria Russia and
their regional allies Hezbollah have
been able to bring Syria back to
stability and I think that is really out
there really are we angry about we've
run out of time gentlemen many thanks to
my guests in Tehran London and in
Pittsburgh and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here darky see you next time
and remember crosstalk rules
