he's got rowdy in downtown Portland now
it was in the aftermath of a vigil for
an african-american man who had been
killed by police officers now the vigil
itself was peaceful but afterwards
protesters poured into the streets and
things got intense people described the
scene as chaos random people in cars
driving by were harassed by the
protesters let's take a look at some of
the video that came out of the incident
in downtown Portland Ted Cruz the
senator from Texas was simply having
dinner with his wife he was in a
restaurant and soon he was surrounded by
left-wing activists who were furious
about the situation regarding Brett
Kavanaugh controversial Supreme Court
justice who was just confirmed now the
protesters interrupted him this took
place in September and after the
incident took place there was actually a
threatening tweet that was made on
social media let's take a look at what
happened to Ted Cruz and his wife as
they were just trying to enjoy their
dinner in a Washington DC restaurant
and as Owens she's an activist with the
conservative organization known as
turning-point USA she was confronted by
protesters after she was simply trying
to have breakfast in her hotel the
protesters were confronting her and did
not approve of some of the statements
that she had made on social media this
is what went down when Candace Owens was
just trying to enjoy her everyday life
it seems to be an extreme polarization
in the country between those who support
Donald Trump and those who oppose him
and it seems that this division is being
escalated with some taking it well
beyond arguments and to physical
confrontations former Texas Republican
official John Griffin believes there is
a significant and growing partisan
divide in the country this is a mob rule
mentality and this is what has been
encouraged by Democrat leaders and it's
certainly not consistent with a
democratic process the Democrats have
ceased being able to defend their own
ideas in fact many of them don't know
what those ideas are they change from
minute to minute from second to second
depending on whatever whim or sense of
emotional outrage they feel and this is
stoked and fanned by people who know
better in Washington and it's very
dangerous there are people like me and
others who are engaging in community a
form of community push back with forums
and with models of civil dialogue and
that is a trend I would like to see
encouraged modeling what civil discourse
looks like again for the younger
generations I don't care how
controversial a subjective term
someone's views may be there a US
senator they should be given at least
their space
you
