which means that the Rockets internal
flight computers have taken over the
countdown one more interesting change
for this mission in particular relates
to how we're using the Merlin engines in
block 4 the engines were used with a
constant chamber pressure and because
engine thrust depends on both chamber
pressure and external atmospheric
pressure the engine thrust would slowly
increase by up to ten or fifteen
thousand pounds per engine during ascent
so the difference is here is that for
block five we'll be maintaining a
constant thrust of a hundred and ninety
thousand pound force until cutoff which
means that we'll be slowly decreasing
the engines chamber pressures over time
in order to compensate for the
decreasing atmospheric pressure during
that ascent
again for today's mission we are looking
to recover the first stage this is the
fully reusable version of the block 5
rocket at least 10 times reuse and
potentially up to a hundred the drone
ship of course I still love you is
currently on standby in the Atlantic
Ocean ready to catch the first stage
during its descent Banga Banga satellite
one is currently looking pretty healthy
entirely healthy and we're excited to
get that into its geostationary transfer
orbit the range is currently go and the
weather is also still looking good
enough for us to launch today at this
point we're just outside of t-minus
three minutes so let's listen in to the
last few minutes of terminal count
stage wildlife so complete
leave everything stronger more complete
degrees
since you don't kind of old scared
Steve locks drama
Stacy like Oh bleep
belly 9 is on internal air
guess closed houses running
and one D if you Lee and Lee
I'll be a countdown we've had a launch
abort sequence start
it looks like just after Falcon 9
entered startup mode it threw an abort
we're currently looking into a little
more details to see if we're able to
continue today's mission
if not we'll be using our backup date
tomorrow at about the same time
if you're just joining us it appears we
have an abort thrown by the vehicle just
after it entered startup mode those
abort sequences are important to make
sure that the Falcon 9 is in its best
shape in time for any launch and so
we're we're much happier to take those
aborts beforehand rather than continue
when there's any risk to the vehicle if
we have to go tomorrow we'll be checking
to see exactly what was happening that
through the abort today the backup
launch window opens tomorrow at 4:14
p.m. Eastern Time over 814 universal
coordinated time and closes at 6:21 p.m.
Eastern Standard Time or Eastern
Daylight Time or 1021 the universal
coordinated time
I hang on for a few more moments we're
waiting for official word from the
countdown net and we'll get back to you
shortly
again if you're just joining us we had
an abort just before our predicted
launch time of 547 p.m. Eastern Time
these are an important part of making
sure that the vehicle is healthy for
launch at this time we are currently
looking to discover the cause of the
abort
we're still looking to discover the
cause of the abort that Falcon 9 through
just after our just inside t-minus one
minute
because so many systems respond in abort
they they change to a safe state it
takes us several minutes to understand
the generally single cause of that abort
the team is actively scrubbing the
telemetry log as we speak
seal the encounter one vehicle is saved
mr. Palmore being dead
I'd you just heard the on the countdown
that we're still reviewing the data to
see if we're able to determine the cause
of that abort
and you heard the launch director
announce that the vehicle is safe and I
gave the okay for payload to go back to
external power
so we're still reviewing those telemetry
logs we're not yet scrubbed for the day
we're working to bring you back as
possible if we're able to launch today
or if we are not able to launch today
excuse me then our backup window is at
about this same time tomorrow at 4:14
p.m. Eastern Time closing at 6:21 p.m.
Eastern Time
we are still continuing to look at the
data to determine if we can understand
the cause of this afternoon's abort
Edwards are part of the standard process
again it's good to make sure that the
Falcon 9 is completely ready to go both
the ground systems and the vehicle
systems as well and double-checking
those is vastly preferable to having any
sort of a problem during flight there's
still a chance that we may be able to
launch today and we're working to see if
that's going to be possible otherwise
our will aim for a backup launch window
tomorrow afternoon
if you're just joining us we had an
abort at the very final stages of
countdown within one minute for a launch
time of 547 p.m. Eastern Time
Falcon 9 through the abort and they're a
part of the standard process we're still
continuing to look at the data to
conclude even if it was a ground problem
or a vehicle problem because at t minus
1 minutes the flight computers go into
start-up mode the process of
understanding that abort is a little
more difficult than at other times in
the countdown so we're reviewing those
telemetry logs to make sure that we're
understanding it there is still a chance
that we can make it work
for two days window and we're currently
exploring if that's a possibility
and if you're just joining us you can
see that it's a t-minus 15 minute clock
at the moment in a yellow state which
means we're in a hold state we threw an
abort at just inside of t-minus one
minute as Falcon 9 had taken control of
the countdown those Abbar aborts are
part of the standard process to make
sure that everything is working just as
we're expecting much better to have
those sorts of signals on the ground
rather than any time during ascent
SEL Dion counted officially scar for the
day preparing for a 24-hour recycle
and we've just received a final
confirmation that we are standing down
today due to a violation of abort
criteria the vehicle and payload are
good in good health the next launch
opportunity is tomorrow May 11th again
if you're just joining us we had a
launch attempt at 5:47 p.m. Eastern Time
Falcon 9 threw an abort in the final
minute of countdown and it seems like we
are unable to reach the launch or to
launch within the launch window for
today at this time we have concluded a
preliminary review however and have
determined that the vehicle and payload
are in good health and we'll be aiming
to launch tomorrow during our backup
launch window at 4:14 p.m. Eastern Time
closing at 6:21 p.m. Eastern Time
at this point we'll conclude the webcast
thank you again for joining us and we
hope to see you for tomorrow's launch
attempt at again for 14 p.m. Eastern
Time
thank you again
