Prime Minister has now written to them
both to apologize on behalf of Her
Majesty's Government I apologize
unreservedly we are profoundly sorry for
the ordeal which you both suffered and
our role in it there's been a lot of
reporting on the story not that much
background detail on the man at the
centre of it though Abdel Hakim bel Hajj
he is now a prominent Libyan politician
but while muah-muah Gaddafi was still in
power he was a prominent anti-gaddafi
opposition leader and a leading member
of an anti Qaddafi militia as well which
was called the Libyan Islamic fighting
group the LIF G that would explain why
he fled Libya back in 2001 just a little
bit more information about this group
the LIF G it operated from 1995 until
last year it was considered an al Qaeda
affiliate and the group staged three
attempts to assassinate Gaddafi himself
so a pretty violent organization so much
so that it was regarded as a terrorist
group by the UK and the u.s.
nevertheless despite his checkered past
shall we say Bell Hajj and his wife have
been on a quest for an apology from the
British government ever since he was
released from prison six years ago and
documents discovered after the fall of
Gaddafi revealed that British mi6 agents
were involved in Bell Hodges kidnapping
so the kidnapping took place in 2004 in
Thailand Bell Hodges wife Fatima was
four months pregnant at the time and CIA
and mi6 agents together kidnapped
kidnapped them and handed them back over
to the Gaddafi government where Bell
Hajj claims he was then well imprisoned
and tortured for six years
his wife Fatima was released after four
months just before she gave birth
they've managed to get the British
government's top lawyer jeremy wright to
come out in Parliament today two
apologize so publicly to them on behalf
of the government they were handed a
letter written by the Prime Minister
herself saying that the intelligence
here intelligence services here in the
UK got it wrong that they apologize
unreservedly and even awarding half a
million pounds compensation to bail
Hodges wife Fatima for the psychological
trauma that she experienced as a result
of the ordeal
