last week the Trump administration froze
their US funding with thousands of
civilian lives at risk will the Prime
Minister
step up pledge the government to plug
the funding shortfall that now exists
and ensure these heroic rescue workers
can continue their work can I say to the
Honorable gentleman we recognize the
very important and valuable work that
the white helmets are doing they are as
he says doing it in horrendously
difficult conditions they are incredibly
brave to be continuing that work we do
support them we will continue to support
them and my right on will friend the
International Development Secretary will
be looking at the level of that support
in the future well the issue was raised
today during Prime Minister's Questions
particular one about the white helmets
came from a member of the Labour Party
and in particular asking the question
because of course the US government had
decided to cut their funding for the
white helmets and so as the question
went what would the British government
been looking to do to plug that gap now
it's interesting that the US government
has taken that decision because just a
couple of months ago in March the white
helmets and their senior leaders were in
Washington taking high-level meetings
with US government officials who were
praising them for their work and
praising them for their life-saving
activities as it's been put but not
everybody is a fan of the white helmets
there have been repeated allegations
that they have been linked to al-qaeda
tight groups and that they have been on
front lines where groups like al-nusrah
have been a present working hand in hand
and also that some of their rescue
missions have been nothing but stunts to
try to win the world sympathy
now the white helmets continue to
maintain that they're purely a
humanitarian group and that they have no
links to any extremist groups or the
like but it's interesting they were
founded by a former British Army soldier
a former mercenary by the name of James
Missouri err and so it seems that with
this latest pledge by the UK government
to look into plugging that funding gap
the links between Britain and the white
helmets look set to continue we spoke to
political analyst Mike rowdy who's been
to Syria himself he told us the case
against the white helmets is abundantly
clear British people have something
serious to consider here unless they've
been sealed in a hermetically sealed
bubble of the mainstream media or they
haven't read a book in their lives they
must have their doubts about this group
now there's been enough written about
them the people that we spoke to in
Aleppo last year they called them al
Masri's fire brigade most people did not
actually heard of them but this year in
Aleppo we heard one man say that they
were bad actors so there they have a
reputation of being of doing the staged
rescues but the revelations from people
in East gouta that were have been
liberated just just in the last month
shed more nefarious light on this group
I think the people in England should and
Britain should be asking themselves do
they need to go on a some kind of tax
strike and we start withholding funds
from the government because they're
gonna find themselves on the wrong side
of the law just by paying taxes it's a
very very strange situation for Theresa
May to put us all in
