some 60 Rockets were fired by Israeli
Jets and Iranian positions in Syria with
a further 10 missiles fired from the
ground it is the second such strike by
Israel in his many days Tel Aviv claims
it was responding to 20 rockets launched
by Iran from Syrian territory into the
Golan Heights first rocket attack by the
Israelis was launched right after Donald
Trump announced his decision to withdraw
from the Iran nuclear deal which was
reached back in 2015 in his latest
statement the US president blamed Iran
for quote bedlam and death we'll see how
we do with Iran probably we won't do
very well with them but that's okay too
they've got to understand life because I
don't think they do understand life if
you look at what's happening in the
Middle East was Syria with Yemen with
all other places they're involved it's
bedlam and death and we can't allow that
to happen another statement from Trump
and we're in for another treat it's so
juicy you can't help but savor it let's
take it from the top we'll see how we do
with Iran probably we won't do very well
with them but that's okay too of course
he probably won't do very well with Iran
he just renege on a deal that let the
country's economy breathe more freely
for the first time in decades and by a
chain reaction Trump probably won't get
along with a bunch of other countries
either yes all those nations who decided
to stay in the deal reiterating their
support for it did Trump see this coming
the rift with his own allies probably
the answer doesn't matter that much you
have to rule the America first mantra
got Trump elected and if you don't get
it you're in for a life lesson they've
got to understand life because I don't
think they do understand life wikipedia
has a whole article on American
exceptionalism and this tirade could
very well add a section to it we get it
mr. Trump you say you understand life we
here understand how America wants it and
roll over and play
and here's why according to Trump
everyone should be on board with his
Iran decision if you look at what's
happening in the Middle East was Syria
with Yemen with all of the places
they're involved it's bedlam and death
and we can't allow that to happen
what a set of arguments apparently it's
okay to support Saudi Arabia and their
bombings of Yemen a deadly campaign that
resulted in the world's worst man-made
humanitarian crisis all courtesy of
American weapons American logistical
support and American intelligence and
with Syrian I must have missed the
moment when Iran joined the u.s. in
sending money and weapons to jihadist
armed groups seeking regime change trump
has laid out a list of demands to Iran
most notably he called on Tehran to drop
the quote quest to destroy Israel an
explicit indicator of who Trump's trying
to court him and this is how Iran feels
about Trump's move
and the American flag isn't the only
thing in tatters now so is the Iran
nuclear deal which has left Europe
scrambling for a response
one thing is clear though they won't be
taking a leaf out of Donald's art of the
deal okay well let's discuss the issue
now with the joshua landis is director
of the center of Middle East Studies at
the University of Oklahoma and he's with
us now Joshua good afternoon let's just
start with those comments from Trump
blaming Iran for havoc in the Middle
East Trump's critics say that's actually
a bit rich what do you make of it well I
think your introduction laid it out
there's two sides this the United States
has lined up with the Sydney powers
Saudi Arabia and of course Israel
against largely Shiite backed Shiites of
the Middle East whether it's Iran
Hezbollah in Lebanon Assad in Syria the
Houthis so we've got a classic wrangle
over control of the Persian Gulf America
wants to dominate the oil routes Iran is
trying to push America back and this has
left a big open space of course for
Russia which has been able to side with
Iran and the Shiites against the
american-backed sending powers and it's
opened the door for Russia to make a
very important comeback in the Middle
East and we see the Middle East very
divided today in the North Russia and
Iran are supreme Syria Lebanon Iran even
Turkey as has turned towards Russia
because it cannot ignore the realities
in the south though the United States is
still supreme Saudi Arabia the Gulf
Egypt North Africa so that's the that's
the new power disposition of course
president Trump who has many pro Israeli
backers who've given him millions of
dollars for his campaign he is playing
to the money and he's playing to a world
which is black and white that's his
preferred way of seeing things and I
think that's what's happening here so
what's what's the next development then
Joshua if everybody's vying for position
in the Middle East
I mean are you expecting great attention
then in Syria and an escalation of the
war there you know I don't believe
there'll be a real escalation I think
the power between Israel and Syria is so
skewed in Israel's favor that there
really is very little that Syria or Iran
can do in Syria to hurt Israel we just
have seen over the last few months a
number of attempts by Israel and Iran by
excuse me by Syria and Iran to change
the balance of power slightly in their
favor shooting down an Israeli drone for
example but Israel has has proven that
it it it dominates the skies it
dominates technology it can destroy most
anything it wants to in Syria and it has
done it and that's that's what we've
seen recently here is a one-two punch
yes Joshua sorry to interrupt but it
continues to say it sees Iran is a
threat doesn't it in Syria I mean it is
obviously concerned by Iran's
involvement in Syria and we've just seen
over the last few hours to a number of
rockets considerable number targeting
Iranian positions in Syria to Israel
isn't holding back I mean the fear
amongst many is that this could go a
stage further - well yes you're right
you know Israel is anxious clearly but I
think the rhetoric is much more it
expresses much more anxiety than there
really there really needs to be let's
put it that way because Israel is very
dominant power here yes
Iran has established itself in Syria has
brought back Assad has won in a very
important war and I think that Iran sees
its role as consolidating its control
over Syria that is not good for Israel
in a long run on the other hand Israel
has just carried off a major coup which
is to get the United States to rip up
the Iran deal that's gonna make Iran
poor it's gonna make it much more
difficult for all countries to have
banking relations and to invest in Iran
they'll probably go ahead and find ways
around it but
it will dampen the ardor for investing
in Iran it'll make you Ronnie ins poorer
that's good for an Israel it's good for
Saudi Arabia as long as Iran is poor and
they're in it from their perspective it
can't fight wars and and supply its
allies in the Middle East with as much
money and that's for them that's a win
and I think that Israel is cherishing
that win today it's given this one-two
punch it's shown that it can bomb
anything it wants to yes Iran is
responded with 10 missiles which didn't
hit very much Israel I said if we feel a
little bit of rain we are going to have
a thunderstorm in Syria so Israel is
carrying out its traditional policy of
one eye for 10 eyes and it's taking 10
eyes today and it's gonna hurt Joshua
very interesting good to talk see we
have to leave it there that was Sir
Joshua Landis director at the center of
Middle East Studies at the University of
Oklahoma thanks very much
