hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report coming to you in a way that only
we can do get ready yeah i'm stacie max
i'm gonna show you an image and please
don't go berserk okay
because this guy is scary-looking
exclusive charlie munger compares
trading bitcoin to trading freshly
harvested baby brains which is quite
interesting cuz he to me looks like a
freshly baked harvested baby brain
eating freshly harvested baby brains a
quote from Charles Munger does not
dissuade anyone from considering him to
be part of the Illuminati does it
apparently this is what they do
warrior are freshly harvesting baby
brains all the time while
underperforming the index funds in the
S&P for 10 years straight these guys are
losing people money as compared to an
S&P index they get bailed out in 2008
for their fraud they support Wells Fargo
a terrorist organization in America
that's actually performing financial
terrorism with the blessings of Warren
Buffett and Charles Munger and he has
the temerity to criticize Bitcoin the
same way he missed Apple for the first o
let's say hundreds of thousands of
percentage points he missed Amazon he's
at their annual meeting saying we
because we have a sexual relationship
with Walmart people we couldn't possibly
invest in Amazon because we're such was
little from Rick and Nebraska and nobody
heard about and he's a you know
basically spewing you know I mean the
list goes on and on the guy's a menace
okay well let's talk some sort of like
technical logistics of why I think
they're talking about this why they keep
on dissing Bitcoin part of it is because
they keep on being asked about it okay
and I think this is crucial to
understanding why they keep on coming up
with remember Warren Buffett recently in
the past year called it rat poison he
called Bitcoin rat poison here in this
interview with Yahoo Charlie Munger
calls it trading freshly harvested baby
brains at their annual event this last
weekend's Charlie Munger's compares
crypto currencies to turds
and dementia Warren Buffett does not
like cryptocurrencies a position he read
it reiterated at the Berkshire Hathaway
annual meeting his grievances against
Bitcoin and its ilk are many it's a
non-productive asset has no intrinsic
value it's a breeding ground for
charlatans who take opportunities
rip-off people trying to get rich in
something they don't really understand
he said that crypto currencies will come
to a bad ending Warren Buffett 87 in
terms of Charlie Munger who's 94
I like crypto currencies a lot less than
you do he said to Warren Buffett to me
it's just dementia it's like somebody
else is trading turds and you decided
you can't be left out I think because
Charlie Munger is 94 Warren Buffett's 87
they're both getting ready to you know
shed their mortal coil in an exit
Berkshire Hathaway crypto currencies
Bitcoin is a response to their legacy
they're witnessing what that what they
caused this is a response to the
financial system they created they had
wished this had happened after they were
gone and these are just old men railing
against the youth who who have like
basically given them the middle finger
for their financial system that they
left behind right they this new
generation has tossed out that the
financial markets have been rigged
horribly by the likes of the crony
capitalists over there Berkshire
Hathaway and their friends at the
central banks and even the st. Louis
central bank ahead recently said that
this new generation is embracing crypto
as a reaction to the 2008 crisis so I
think that's important to understand
that these two old men they are like the
dominant figures in the financial world
that bitcoin is a response to so it
makes sense that they're ago they've
been called out brutally so without any
you know bitcoin itself doesn't need to
call them turds with demand let me
explain that Berkshire Hathaway is
anti-american and anti-democratic and
you can look at that quite plainly by
understanding the stock price of
Berkshire Hathaway which never splits so
it's trading I think there are three
hundred thousand dollars a share so the
message from Charlie Munger and Warren
Buffett to Americans is unless you've
got three hundred thousand dollars to
buy one share of birch
the way you're a pleb you're a peasant
you're you know they are the Neo feudal
lords that are bilking the system
milking the system abusing the system
and aggregating wealth as Ron ta coupon
clippers and nickel and dime errs they
add nothing to the economy they have no
Warren Buffett has not had an original
idea in his entire life he simply uses
insurance premiums to take huge stakes
and companies and then uses his
political influence to manage an out a
return that's underperforming the S&P
well he they had a woman point 1 billion
dollar write-off in the market that has
had last year the first year of Trump
has been like the biggest returns ever
in sp500 history and the Dow Jones
history in all the market history and
yet they somehow had to write down a
large percentage just like getting you
know this famous porn star now crushy
Williamson and what's her name Cindy Amy
Daniels to teach Sunday School is that
getting Warren Buffett to talk about
technology he has said for years he
knows nothing about technology he knows
about a rail race a road system he knows
about you know trains and he knows about
Wrigley gum and chewing gum he's been
trying to buy Hershey chocolate bars for
this entire career because he likes
chocolate
he likes candy and he's you know that's
the stuff he understands it's got to be
really simple like like him and Charlie
eat baby food because they're too old to
eat regular food so he buys baby food
right in that that's his mentality
that's the level of its understanding
technology he's an idiot he's a dunce he
doesn't understand it he missed all the
technology stocks
I mean look Bill Gates they were a train
ride for days and try to get warned by
Microsoft stock he bought one share as a
novelty and and missed the entire move
in Microsoft stock he's a complete in
dunderhead when it comes to the
technology sector which by the way is
the main driver of the American economy
not old world railway stocks and
everything warren buffett ever since the
guy's a menace but again he's also a
huge holder of Wells Fargo and so that
sentence from him is remarkable in light
of what has happened with Wells Fargo
remember all we remind you it's a
feeding ground for charlatans he says a
Bitcoin who take opportunities to rip
off people trying to get rich and
something they don't really understand
here is one of the largest players
Warren Buffett in all his holdings in
the whole CDO disaster in an outright
scam fraud against the American people
and pension holders in 2007 2008 2009
Wells Fargo created millions of accounts
for their clients their customers
unbeknownst to their customers they
didn't know that they had these accounts
that they what Wells Fargo opened in
order to basically bump their own
charlatans like act to bump their own
figures right so he says a breeding
ground for charlatans and that should be
applied to Wells Fargo and all the banks
yes but Wells Fargo in particular he's a
big owner of them right he's their
biggest shareholder that's a breeding
ground for charlatans they they
illegally open accounts for people they
stole money from people he never said
anything about it he has no comment
about it he and Charlie Munger I'm no
comment about Wells Fargo never they
didn't have any comment actually the
only thing they said is that regulators
should go easy on them now because
they've already paid enough and fines
right these are proven troubles with all
the money they stole they stole a lot of
money they got they they got to steal
like ten cents to keep you know ninety
cents of every dollar they stole that's
their business model right yeah so
Warren Buffett's like oh you know crypto
charlatans Wells Fargo that's the
charlatans we like those are the
charlatans we approve of that those
people steal money for us we miss crypto
because we're not as we're overrated as
most stock pickers well okay let's also
point out that because of the financial
system remember I said that Bitcoin was
bird the Genesis block happened in 2009
the white paper was published in 2008
this is at the peak of the financial
crisis the disaster that the likes of
Warren Buffett and all his buddies
created he's friends with all those guys
on Wall Street all the big bankers all
the ones that perpetrated frauds with
their CDOs and all there are other
mortgage-backed securities and other you
know derivatives that were all
fraudulent and Warren Buffett himself
had said you know derivatives were a
weapon in the mass financial destruction
he turned out to be right it destroyed
everything is he
he still was helping out goldman sachs
loaning them five billion dollars you
know he was still part of this whole
system and as a response to that fraud
the central banks had to come in and
bail them all out including warren
buffett so i want to turn to another
part of his charlatans like qualities of
warren buffett that bitcoin has exposed
remember this is why they're so angry
about bitcoin is that bitcoin has
exposed those two as charlatans and all
of their friends are wall street this is
from Nomi Prins this is what real
collusion looks like when one central
bank the Fed reduces QE another
accelerates maintaining the average rate
of developed countries at 0% and the
tide of asset purchases rising here is
the chart of course the red line is the
US Fed the blue line is the ECB and the
Green Line is the Bank of Japan max you
had said this you suggested this long
ago that whenever the Fed stops or slows
down with QE the ECB picks up and
vice-versa
and this data that Nomi Prins linked to
suggests this is true a lot of people
took pointed this out Peter Schiff and
Richard Jim Rickards you know people
we've had on the show Nomi Prins that
the net global increase in money
printing has never decreased because you
can't put a Propontis kiemce so people
say to me oh you know the feds raising
rates I thought you said he can't taper
a Ponzi scheme you can't that's why I
globally rate the money's being printed
most people who write those comments in
the YouTube section most people live in
a small little local area so they can
only go access their local banks they
don't understand that you know the
warren buffett's
of the world and their friends can
access free cash anywhere in the world
and they they get to game the system
because they're part of the global elite
like you an ordinary Joe bag of donuts
on the street can tax as zero percent
rates from the ECB the point you make
there is that Bitcoin is a reaction to
Warren Buffett and his crony capitalists
and the bailouts of 2008 so they don't
want to admit that they don't even
examine that they don't want to come
down off
pedestal of crony capitalism and free
money from central bank's to address
that so they attack crypto as a way it's
a rearguard action you know they're
trying to attack crypto as much as they
can to prevent the torches and the nd
and the rioters and the pitchforks from
going down there to Omaha and taking
revenge on these guys but another thing
is these two do not like competition
they've existed in a world where they
get to play their little banjo and
pretend that they're sweet guys and
they've they've become multi billionaire
is just because we're almost
trillionaires because they're so sweet
and just like sweet guys and they've
competed their way to the top but the
system of this collusion from the
central banks and the New York Fed and
all these regulators that help them out
and they help each other and the system
is rigged and Bitcoin it's everybody you
know is on an equal playing field you've
got to compete this no there's nobody to
rig the game for you and I think that's
you know part of their legacy is a
reaction Bitcoin is a reaction to Warren
Buffett to Charlie Munger well Charlie
Munger will have the pleasure of
watching Bitcoin soar past $30,000 per
coin as he expires from this planet
so Charlie I want to say by the way you
know we actually had dinner once with
his son and Mark Matthew melon and
Matthew melon carlisle karr lyle we saw
not Bobby short but Bobby short
successor really I don't know who Bobby
short is yeah he's a horndog er okay
well this is this we got to go to the
second half much more coming your way
not Bobby short the son of Charlie
Munger is who I referred to don't go
away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to go to Boulder
Colorado speak with Michael Krieger of
Liberty Blitzkrieg dot-com Michael
Krieger welcome back hey max great to be
back hey now I'm looking at this
blitzkrieg what's it called blitzkrieg
Lynx what blitzkrieg Liberty blitzkrieg
calm wasn't there a Ramone song called
blitzkrieg bop I think I think there
might have been yeah yeah should that be
my theme song did that inspire you maybe
no I just was looking for like a
somewhat clever you're a play on my last
name so I went with it because I don't
know if you know this but Krieger
actually translates it translates
directly into warrior in German in
German oh okay well I'm glad I asked
that question I don't get to the bottom
of that okay well let's get into your
series that you've written a very
interesting series very provocative and
thought-provoking it's called the road
to 2025 and you conclude the series by
saying that the very bright future could
be within our reach if we demand it
how so sure so what I talked about in
that last piece is how the United States
was originally intended to be a
revolutionary project in political
decentralisation and you know as you
know decentralization is sort of his
buzzword now but it's really important
and just as a sort of quick history
lesson as you know at the federal level
we're supposed to have a separation of
powers into three branches the executive
the judiciary and the legislature and
then even beyond that the founding
fathers further decentralized power by
giving tremendous rights to the states
themselves in the tenth amendment and so
what I really want to get the message
across to my fellow Americans and people
around the world is that we've strayed
so far from the original intent the
founding fathers were obsessed with
making sure power was decentralized so
that nobody could get control and act
imperial and you know what you know a
couple of centuries later we've turned
into everything that the founding
fathers were trying to avoid we're a
global Empire
more focused on managing the world and
stealing resources than we are making
our infrastructure better taking care of
our own people having a dynamic
productive economy at home so my my
basic point is this yes the u.s. Empire
is gonna lose clout overseas over the
next let's say seven years but this
doesn't have to be a bad thing because
we're actually we've strayed so far away
from what this political
decentralization model that we had to
begin with we could go back to it we
could we could start restoring more
power at the local level and more
individual sovereignty and so that's
where I see this heading and I think we
just need to embrace it to have a much
better future and more free future right
so you're positing that a decentralized
version of America we can return to that
and this would be a restoring of the
founders original intent of course
Colorado it seems like they're way ahead
of the curve you know you've got a lot
of people growing their own vegetables
and things and they've got a local
localism is big there it has been all
this has been so is that can that be
pour it over to other states because
some states are fiercely in the they
seem to be in the opposite camp well I
mean maybe like a Texas or something
what do you think here's the key thing
yes
it's true a lot of people still across
the country seem to get their sort of
satisfaction from you know attaching
themselves to Washington DC and our
military might and thinking that that
gives them some sort of power in their
own lives but as the US Empire starts to
lose him influence abroad and as the
dollar starts to have less influence as
well we're gonna be forced to go local
so I think we're gonna some of us will
go kicking and screaming but at the end
of the day it's gonna be a good thing
for everybody because it's it's it's
having a more tight local community is a
great thing and let me tell you I'm not
a big fan of taxes but I don't mind
paying taxes in Boulder because you know
what I walk around and I see really nice
projects and it's very well taken care
of place and I feel like my tax dollars
are going to good things whereas on the
on the flip side I hate paying any any
taxes to the federal government because
I know there's just gonna be spent on
bombs and killing people so it's a big
difference right now of course the US
corporate media sees a multipolar world
as
grave threat to the US but is it really
because Europeans ran empires before
America did and now post Empire the
ordinary citizen there has a much better
standard of living than the average
American your thoughts yeah absolutely I
mean this is half of my series is
talking about how the US Empire is not
benefiting the average person anymore as
you can see with the wealth inequality
in this country and since this
quote-unquote recovery in 2009 all of
the all of the gains have gone to a
smaller and smaller class of people and
as you've also seen with data as far as
wealth in the country in the country
like some of the wealthiest counties
half of them are clustered around
Washington DC think about that a an area
of the country that basically produces
nothing other than you know a think
tanks that you know justify killing
people so it's a very parasitic model
but this is what you'd expect in an
empire in in the late stages of empire
you know you're you're you're funneling
all the money to all these parasites in
the capital and you know the regions are
struggling so yeah I mean my view is
that the US Empire as it is today is not
good for the average American and
therefore we shouldn't fear it at all
because it's time to focus on on on our
on ourselves back home as opposed to
micromanaging the entire planet right so
getting back to states initiatives I see
one of your nearby states Wyoming has
become very constructive in the
blockchain space and Bitcoin space could
that be something that sweeps the nation
state-by-state as the potential for
revenues and new jobs and innovation are
realized if it goes over well and
Wyoming could you see that spreading the
other states Michael yeah certainly so I
mean as you as you probably discussed
before like Malta is making a big push
to create to you know sort of encourage
a lot of the global talent in the crypto
world to come to Malta and and set up
shop there and yes Wyoming's taking lead
on that it's interesting how it tends to
be these you know states that yeah
that's that states so associated with
the Chaney's but but you know
interesting things can still happen at
the grassroots level there and yes I am
one of the things I wrote about in the
series is how I think the interesting
thing is when the US dollar loses its
reserve status were
dominance luxray that has today you know
we have free market currencies now and
so it's not just nation-states versus
nation-states and a currency wars we're
also gonna have nation-states versus
free market currencies but these free
market currencies are here to stay and
yes i agree i think i think states
regions countries that are opportunistic
and jump at the opportunity will get the
smartest town in the world flowing to
their Shores alright so let's talk to
you pull political global stage and on
this theme of US dollar may be losing
world reserve currency u.s. empire
possibly fading you've got some really
interesting things happening in north
korea south korea china in russia so in
other words you've got North Korea and
South Korea talking possibly going to
make a move toward ending all
hostilities there China is a big power
broker Trump's a big power broker and
they they might host a peace summit
between the Koreas and the u.s. in
Russia so how does this play into your
theme Michael you know so North Korea
look I mean the images of the shaky
hands crossing the borders was one of
the most heartwarming geopolitical
images I can remember seeing so it's a
great thing I hope that there is peace I
will say this though before we get all
excited regarding the state of
geopolitics around the world you know I
haven't written a single post and I
write a lot of posts on geopolitics I
haven't written one single post ever
about North Korea and how I'm concerned
about it because I just wasn't concerned
about it and as you know max cuz you've
been talking about it forever the key to
the to the u.s. Imperial dominance
around the world is the petro dollar
okay and oil is the key to the petro
dollar so to me the Korea what Korea was
never you know as much as Trump who was
belligerent his tweets about it it was
never to me the crown jewel for the US
Empire I still think that's Iran and I
believe with the addition of Bolton and
Pompeyo to high positions in US
diplomacy and intelligence that there's
gonna be some serious fireworks in the
Middle East because again that
we're the key to maintaining US imperial
powers not in North Korea there's no
there's no giant oil reserves there but
it's in the Middle East so while it's
great what's going on the Korea and I
hope it continues the Middle East is
where I've always been worried and
continued to be worried okay fair enough
let's let's Segway into Iran and the
Middle East
so you believe that the bringing on
board of Michael Bolton and Pompeyo is
setting the stage for a more military
posturing in that area Michael yeah so
since Trump was elected you could tell
he was gonna totally go against all his
campaign promises based on who he who he
hired to be around him all these
banksters same with Trump you have to
watch it who he hires and so John Bolton
and Mike Pompeo are two of the most
lunatic neoconservative types you could
possibly pick and and so that's a sign
that something something is definitely
afoot with Iran and you know May 12th is
when Trump's gonna make a decision on
this Iran deal and now Netanyahu is
saying that he's got evidence he's gonna
show tonight you know this is the guy
that in 2012 20 2002 Netanyahu's
predicted that if we got rid of Saddam
Hussein there would be huge positive
reverberations throughout the Middle
East that's that's the same guy we're
gonna listen to on Iran so yeah it's
it's it's disturbing but you know we'll
see how it shakes out all right just to
make a correction there I once again
referred to John Bolton as Michael
Bolton of course everyone knows one's
got a mustache and the other one's a
neocon no I got a mixed up anyway
there's two different guys there so yeah
I mean but this Middle East pressure
cookers been building up for decades and
you know the prognosis there is quite
terrifying but my view is that
potentially Trump could be pulling out
of US military in South Korea as part of
a global kind of retrenchment of the
Pentagon and a lot of the posturing
going on in the Middle East could also
be a prelude to to a de-escalation of
military spending because he he's
a guy who likes to waste money even
though he's been bankrupt a few times he
knows why waste money I mean I think
those are valid points however I think
Trump's inherence antagonism towards
Iran is very personal and very real not
just that there's the Jared Kushner
influence there's the fact that where
did Trump go on his first official state
visit visit Saudi Arabia where did Mike
Pompeo just go on his first visit Saudi
Arabia so to me this is this is a much
bigger thing and and no I think the
Trump legitimately and for a variety of
personal reasons as well feels feels as
if Iran needs to be essentially taken
out or neutered in the Middle East
because for the United States and the
you know that the establishment
essentially they they realized that if
they if they total control of the Middle
East isn't continued that that threatens
the the unipolar world which it does
which he does
alright we're gonna leave it right there
excellent point to leave on Michael
Krieger thanks so much for being on the
Kaiser report sure thanks max alright
that's gonna do it for this edition of
the Kaiser report with me max Kaiser and
Stacy I'd like to thank our guest
Michael Krieger of Liberty blitzkrieg
comm if you want to reach us on twitter
it's Kaiser report until next time bye
Oh
