Donald Trump's decision to withdraw from
the Iran nuclear deal has sparked a wave
of protests in Tehran furious
demonstrators burned the Stars and
Stripes and photos of the US president
was even a similar protest inside the
country's parliament itself MP's burned
the US flag right there in the chamber
with vocal support from fellow lawmakers
apart from quitting the nuclear deal
Trump also vowed to impose the toughest
sanctions on Tehran I am announcing
today that the United States will
withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal the
agreement meant to restrict Iran's
nuclear energy program the crowning
achievement of the Obama White House has
finally been terminated by the Donald
today's action sends a critical message
the United States no longer makes empty
threats when I make promises I keep them
but how much impact is this really
having only one country the United
States is withdrawing and Iran doesn't
seem particularly worried I have ordered
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to
negotiate with and Lobby the European
countries as well as Russia and China
and to carry out the necessary
coordination with them Russia and China
are ready to keep things going as is so
our key allies of the United States and
the European Union the European Union is
determined to preserve it we expect the
rest of the international community to
continue to do its part to guarantee
that it continues to be fully
implemented for the sake of our own
collective security together with the
rest of the international community we
will preserve this nuclear deal under
the current circumstances we call on all
parties concerned to adopt a responsible
attitude China will maintain close
communication with all relevant parties
and stay committed to upholding and
implementing the deal in an objective
impartial and responsible way we're
deeply concerned over the u.s.
president's decision to unilaterally
abandon its obligations under the joint
comprehensive plan of action on the
Iranian nuclear program Andreea new
sanctions on Iran
now this isn't the only global decision
the Trump administration has made to be
met with chirping crickets remember when
the USA moved its embassy to Jerusalem
other than Paraguay and Guatemala the
rest of the world was not exactly
clamoring to follow suit and remember
when Trump pulled out of the Paris
climate change Accords well the other
195 countries that have signed on they
frowned at Washington for a minute and
then they moved on as if nothing had
happened the Accords remain exactly the
same so once again we've got a big
drumroll and fanfare from the White
House but with the rest of the world
refusing to go along is Washington's
global leadership really all it's
cracked up to be let's be very clear
about that mr. Trump did not simply exit
the jcpoa he violated the u.s. as you
know written obligations under the term
and that is a delicate and important
point that has been raised by mogherini
and others and this might go to you know
the International Court of Justice and
you know other legal forms the UN
Security Council besides Trump one of
those most in favor of scrapping the
nuclear agreement has been the Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as we
heard earlier is currently in Moscow he
recently gave a rather theatrical
PowerPoint presentation that decried the
deal that yahoo has praised the US
presidents decision Israel as opposed
the nuclear deal from the start because
we said that rather than blocking Iran's
path to a bomb the deal actually paves
Iran's path to an entire arsenal of
nuclear bombs Israeli influence is
absolutely key here Trump cited
Netanyahu's kind of used cars salesman
style presentation in order to justify
withdrawing from the Iran deal and his
new policy of rollback and you know
first of all we have to recognize
Netanyahu introduced nothing new in his
presentation the intelligence was
arguably fabricated that Netanyahu had
introduced that Trump cited it's another
intelligence scam driving us to war
